
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host, Dan Bonino. Hey, Bonino Army. I looked everywhere for Dan. I can't find him. So I figured I'm the captain now. We're gonna have to rip the bandaid off at some point. He's not gonna be with us. So I just figured this was a great opportunity for me to introduce myself to the Bino Army. I've met a few of you on social media. You have been so welcoming and so wonderful. I am Hay Caria. I'm gonna be hosting nightly scroll 6:00 PM Eastern Time, Monday to Friday on Rumble.


So I hope you join me. And oh, KU decided to show up for his own show. Look At that. Thank you Hailey. So good to have you. Hey, there you go. What an introduction. Of course, I was not late. I asked Haley to do that. Look, they leave me a little note. Look at these guys. Can you read that? The, I plug in IFB? 'cause Michael was so afraid you love her already. So this morning, let me give you a little kind of inside baseball. Hailey came in this morning and we wanted to run through kind of, you know, they call 'em like a sizzle reel in the business where, you know, she goes out and she just kind of does, you know, does her thing. So she's playing and reading through the script and I was like, this is your shot, man.


Just, you know, we can do a few runs if you want, and boom. But first time Zeus lightning bolts. She's like, you want me to do it over Justin? What did we sit there and do afterwards? We're like, no, no, no. I'm like, no, no. Doing that over first time. I'm telling you man, we gotta, we really, I, I don't, I don't do a ton of things great. But one thing I do well, I have an incredible, I'm an incredible judge of talent, obviously a Vita's show who's sitting right here too, been amazing. And now you got Hailey car who's gonna tear it up? But you guys a little, come on. Bonino Army. Were you guys a little bugged out when we had an empty seat in the beginning of the show? Do you really think I missed the showier than you? Well, I mean, seriously.


That's not a hard, that's not a tough standard. I mean, damn Bonino is gonna, I, you know, I do radio too for a reason. When I first went to video, I told Paula, I'm like, my gosh, you know, I hope people don't recoil in horror. But I do have a show to get started today. I got a lot of content for you. And I'm gonna do what may be my last weekend update before I have to change out to the non-partisan FBI Deputy Director hat in just a couple of weeks. So I'm gonna love these final, final shows. You're gonna be great. Today's show, sponsored by Beam. Go to shop beam.com/bonino. Use code bonino for 47% off your first order.


Today's show also sponsored by Patriot Mobile. We won the election and the fight to restore our great nations only beginning. Now's the time to take a stand and Patriot Mobile is leading the charge. The America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you get outstanding nationwide coverage 'cause they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service or Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. The difference, every dollar you spend with Patriot Mobile supports a company believes in the first and second amendments, the sanct of life and our veterans and first responders. Switching is easy. Keep your number, keep your phone, or upgrade their 100% US based customer Smart team will help you find a perfect plan. So go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Get a free month of service with promo code. Dan, switch to Patriot Mobile today. Defend freedom with every call and text you make. Visit patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


All right, fellas, ding ding, get that bell going. Some Blackout Coffee here. Mm. So this may be one of my last weekend updates. I'm debating whether to do one next Monday because a lot of stuff will be doing on the weekend will be professional stuff, which I'm not really gonna talk about. Of course. So this weekend I went out and spent a, a good amount of time with a friend in a local restaurant, Blackbird. And I gotta tell you folks, there were a lot of members out there of the Bonino Army who said the nicest things. I could not believe it. Matter of fact, one of the guys I was with said, Dan, I counted 13 people in the first five minutes.


So to everyone who came up and said hello and, and and expressed their their gratitude and congratulations on this new job. I'm a new endeavor I'm gonna take on. I just want you to know, I deeply appreciate it wasn't a huge big weekend, but the next night we went to Lenora's, which is a Palm City restaurant. Italian folks, you know the deal with a last name like Bonino. I'm very sensitive about Italian food. You would be stunned how many Italian food places can't actually do Italian food. It's Justin just said amen. And his last name is il, which is in no way Italian at all. It's, it's are you, I don't buy it. I I think he, it's all French.


So I, he's actually as much Italian as I am. My mother was Irish and German, but the food was amazing. Thank you for the hospitality. But here's what gets interesting. So I, I go out the same night Saturday night and I went to a Bailey Zimmerman concert and Bailey tore it up and folks thank you to the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office for providing a little blanket of security out there. And the guys, I really deeply appreciate it. It was really nice. We had so many nice people. So it means a lot to me. So there's one of my last weekend updates was our, we, why did we go to a concert this weekend? Well, Paula had bought the tickets a long time ago and it's probably our last weekend before we gotta get really start digging into stuff. So I really, really appreciate everything.


Alright, I got a big show to get to today. So obviously the big monster story, the level nine story on a one to 10 scale is what happened in the Oval Office on last week on, was it Friday? Yeah, folks, the Friday, I'm actually stunned. The v what we call VOD in the business video on demand viewing of my show was as high as it was because if you all remember, the Trump Zelenskyy blowup happened after my podcast on Friday. So obviously not being the stiggy in witches, you know, give me the eye. I I had no ability to see that was gonna happen. I mean, we knew it was scheduled, but no one knew this thing was gonna blow up.


So I was expecting the VOD to collapse because everybody would wanna watch what happened after the podcast. We did pretty well. But we got to cover some of it live on the radio and now taking it all in Bonino rule folks, this was just an unquestionable catastrophe for President Zelenskyy. Let me tell you why. Upfront, what we call bluff, right bottom line upfront. The golden rule of negotiations and or if you wanna always sound smart, like, like John Bolton says it negotiations, I don't care how you say it, I'm just gonna tell you this. Whether it's a legal case, a civil suit, a baseball player's contract, or you're negotiating for military support in a tragic war, the golden rule is this.


Know who's sitting across the table from you. And I don't know if Zelenskyy just didn't know that Donald Trump is not to be toyed with or if he did know and just took bad advice. There's a story out there. I'm applying the Bongino rule to that a group of Democrats and kind of center leaning Republicans told Zelenskyy to go in there and play hardball with President Trump. I'm applying the Bino rule to that story before I draw a conclusion. It doesn't matter though. It is your job as the president of a country fighting in this tragic war, no doubt with a an a a all too much death and destruction.


It is your job to know who's sitting across the table. He didn't clearly tried the tactic of one upping Donald Trump and it didn't work. However, astonishingly it got worse. President Zelenskyy did an interview after with Brett Bear from Fox after the blowup. And still at least appears to imply here or say directly. You, you would, you know, you, your own interpretation matters that he doesn't need to apologize to President Trump and through the and by proxy of the American people too. Check it out. Listen yourself, not hearing From you, Mr.


President thought that you owe the president an apology. No, I respect president and I respect American people. And if, I don't know, if I think that we have to be very open and very honest and I'm not sure that we did something bad. I think maybe sometimes some, some some things we have to discuss out of, out of media with all respect to democracy and to free media. But there are things that where we have to understand the position of Ukraine and Ukrainians. Alright? All right. Okay, a couple things here, a couple of takeaways. 'cause I wanna focus on not just the emotions surrounding this.


Again, I tell you guys all the time, and I don't want to be a fraud or a hypocrite or a phony, it's my biggest fear. You can't be a a spreadsheets guy. Hey man, plus ones or minus ones our people to us plus ones or minus ones. Don't get emotional and then get emotional. Obviously I'm very emotional about this topic 'cause I care about our military. I care about our $30 trillion debt. I care about preventing a nuclear war because I don't want to get dead and I don't want anyone else to get dead either. But let's try to pull the emotion outta, 'cause a lot of people are very angry at President Zelenskyy and what happened? Why are they angry? I'll make two points. Number one, he just kind of admitted what he did wrong without admitting what he did wrong. You folks in the chat, did you catch it by the way, Hailey?


I told Hailey that she know the rule. Justin, what's the rule? If you're in the studio, everything's fair. Everything's fair game. You're in the studio, you're fair. You don't wanna be mentioned. Get outta the studio. 'cause once I see you, there's no control. Even if you ask me, there's no controlling it folks. I don't even know where I was going with that. Oh, the media's, oh, you gotta interact. That's what I was gonna say, Hailey, you gotta interact with the chat. They're here for you. I know you know that, but so we stop someone here? Yeah, yeah, you gotta go. You have to interact with the chat. So M Torres 61 in the chat is obviously very upset. Shut the spigot off. A lot of people are, but for a second, divorce the emotions, spreadsheets. He just admitted what the problem was. Did you catch it? He said, we really should handle this stuff out of the media.


Whoa, veta, you let the chair flow back or something like that. That never happened. I was expecting, I was expecting the chair to stop me. I'm glad I didn't go back harder. That might have been a, might have been an incident. That might have been a great clip. He just said it. Don't handle this in front of the media, which he tried to handle in front of the media. So keep in mind again, 0.1 here. He admits that's a problem and says then I, I don't think I need to apologize. But here's the problem folks. He went into the Oval Office, the deal for the rare earth minerals deal, which was a win for everyone. Keep this in mind. The deal had already been agreed to. All President Zelenskyy had to do was go in the Oval Office.


Here I have this, what a pen is. This is a here, this is a paper made, I don't know, like 25 cent, who knows with inflation, probably $75, you know, for the last four years of that all he had to do was sign the deal. But that's not what he did. He went into the Oval Office with a deal already pre-agreed to and tried to negotiate it in front of the media while acknowledging in a later interview that he shouldn't have negotiated in front of the media while also acknowledging or saying that he didn't do anything wrong. But you did. You just said it. What was he negotiating for folks, this is important. This involves very, very serious consequences if we get all this wrong.


You, you've got a nuclear powered enemy invading a foreign country, people are dying. This is serious stuff. It's not time for sarcasm or humor or anything like that. Folks. He wanted a security guarantee from the United States, which had not been pre-negotiated. You don't negotiate that. Then in front of the media with two, with a, with a Belgian Malis and a pit bull. You just don't. President Trump and JD Vance. You just don't do that. It is incredibly disrespectful. So for all of the folks in the media, both on the center right and the left wing media that are criticizing President Trump and, and, and Vice President Vance, are you aware of what happened?


Or are you just ignoring it? Because it's fascinating how many articles where you criticize President Trump and Vice President Vance, you acknowledge that this shouldn't have happened in front of the media. It did happen in front of the media and you don't renegotiate a deal with cameras on in the Oval Office. So that's point number one. He acknowledges in the Brett Bear interview, we shouldn't have done this in front of the media, but I don't apo you can't have it both ways. You understand divorce the emotions. That was an unquestioned negative one for everyone involved with. And it was, it is without a doubt. I placed the blame there on President Zelenskyy for the reasons I just laid out.


You can disagree with him, that's fine. I still have my political opinion hat on for a couple of weeks. You're allowed to have a different one's, a free country. The second takeaway, folks, I found Avita, I don't know if you Avitas Avitas in the studio too here today after her amazing show this morning, but rumble.com/avita by the way, for her show. I found this part to be the most offensive. Now again, I'm, I'm trying to divorce the emotions, but you know, having lost an uncle that I was not alive when he died, but in Vietnam, who died heroically, you can read his story.


His name is Gregory Ambrose. He was shot in the back ing his friends. He was shot in the back, not in Tuscaloosa. He was shot in the back at a place called through Duck, Vietnam. So when, you know, heroes like my uncle and my grandfather who made it back from World War ii, but named my father John after his battle buddy in World War II died in the Battle of the Bulge. I find it a little bit offensive when a president of a foreign country, we have provided untold intelligence weaponry hundreds of billions of dollars of taxpayer money we're working for. When you come into the Oval Office and you say quote, there's a nice ocean between us.


Yeah, it's a beautiful ocean that's been crossed many times by heroic American military men, women and support personnel, many who've been left six feet under the ground, buried in graves across that ocean. So I'm really sorry man, but you going into the Oval Office and talking about a nice ocean as if the United States has been sitting on its ass for 200 years, not saving the world over and over and over again while our kids and our young men come home in body bags if they come home at all, ah, I think you should really seriously reevaluate that. That is such historical naivete to the point where it's really hard for the first time in a while for me to not be a hypocrite here and incorporate emotions into this.


You wanna talk about a minus one? There's a nice ocean between us. Did you miss the whole Reagan negotiation by the way, the entire collapse of the Soviet Empire, which decimated Ukraine, the famine. Look it up. If in case you're someone who doesn't like me and you're historically naive, look up what happened to Ukraine with the famine. That wasn't us, that was the Soviet Union. Why is the Soviet Union no more? Anybody know because of us, because of what we did, because of what Reagan did and presidents before and after. It wasn't just Reagan.


We were the ones who through significant military buildup and fighting and, and death and destruction around the world, we were the ones who did that. So President Zelenskyy, you don't have to listen to me, I'm not a citizen of your country. I'm not a political advisor. I'm not even a a political person at all in a couple of weeks. I'm just telling you, as an American citizen, you've got people out there right now, including my congressman in this district. His name's Brian Mast. He has no legs. He didn't lose them to infection, he didn't lose them to gangrene or athlete's foot.


He had his legs blown off, you know, where across the nice ocean in a foreign land by a bomb that he was trying to diffuse. So you just may wanna reevaluate that perspective. Kind of hard to get back to plus one, minus one. When I hear something like that, when I heard him say that, I'll tell you, I asked producer Jim, 'cause it was all happening live on the radio show. I said, can you rewind that? I wanna be sure he said that you have a nice ocean. As if we're, we were as if this, this country was birthed yesterday. You understand the history of this country, the heroic history of revolution against the British Empire, where the possibilities of us winning that war were 10,000 to one.


You know who our forefathers were? This is a country of heroes and patriots. Don't talk to us like we're little kids here, as if we haven't defended democracy around the world for a long time. I suggest you go back on one of these shows, I don't care who it is, Brett Bear or Bear Bread. And you don't only apologize to President Trump, but you apologize to the American people. No one wants to see you lose this war. Nobody. But there has to be some path to peace that doesn't involve the piling up of body bags. Okay, so let me just play this one too because I would, before we go to take a quick break here, here is President Zelenskyy discussing the future relationship with President Trump.


Suggesting it can be salvaged again without some kind of rap shma here and some recognition of what happened in the Oval Office. I'm not so sure that's the case, but check this out. Do you think your relationship with Donald Trump, president Trump after today can be salvaged? Can be, Yes, of course, because it's relations more than to president it. The historical relations, strong relations between our people. And that's why I always began with, to thank your people from our people.


And this is the most important and of course thankful to President and of course to go Congress. But first of all, to your people, your people help to save our people, people the first human rights, the first, this is very, very important and we are thankful and sorry for this. I mean this, we wanted very much to have all these strong relations and I very count that we will have it. There's a lot going on there. And by the way, this apology that I'm suggesting is not an apology for the sake of an apology. It's not some kind of chest puffing thing. Zelenskyy needs to understand that the American people are a very diverse group of people with different views on Ukraine.


You're asking President Trump to sell the American people on a continued vision to support you think this is the last image they want the American people to see. Come on man. I shouldn't I, I'm just one guy in a studio sitting here with a staff year of less than 10 people. Do I have to explain this to you? That's not how this works. Alright, lemme take a quick break. Get back to the show folks.


The average person, today's feeling the financial strain. Now more than ever, expenses are up, wages are aren't keeping pace and many people are finding it nearly impossible to make ends meet a little after covering the basics. It's no surprise that many are resorting to credit card just to get by. Often carrying high balances and interest rates in the twenties or even thirties. If you're a homeowner stuck in this cycle, amounting debt, call my friends at American Financing. Their salary based mortgage consultants are saving homeowners and average of $800 a month, helping you put your hard earned money back, ripple alongs. Plus, if you act now, you might even be able to skip your next mortgage payment. There are no upfront fees, so it costs you nothing to find out how much you could save each month. It's time to break free from the stress of debt. Call American financing today and take control of your financial future. 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. That's 8 8 8 9 9 4 7 6 60. Or go online@americanfinancing.net. Again, it's the.net address american financing.net. NMLS 1 8 2 3 3 4 N mls consumer access.org.


Thank you. American Financing also brought today by Beam. I've been working with Beam some time now. I wanna introduce you now to one of their new products, beams Dream capsules. The Dream capsules contain the same ingredients that come together to help give you best night's sleep. As you can tell, I'm a little energetic today. Beam is proudly founded in America, run by people who share our values, hard work, integrity, and delivering results. It's a science backed nighttime blend packed with ingredients shown to improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is a powerful all natural blend of raci, magnesium, Athene, agen and melatonin Beam's already helped improve over 17 and a half million nights of sleep, helping people across the country wake up and feel their best. So here's the deal. Beam has given my listeners the ultimate patriot discount of 47% off. Try their best of that. Try their bestselling dream capsules. Get up to 47% off for a limited time. Go to shop beam.com/bonino. Use code bonino at checkout, that's shop b eam.com/bonino. Use code bonino for up to 47% off. Support an American company. Invest in yourself. Start getting the best night of sleep of your life tonight. Thank you Beam.


Okay, so folks, there's something going on here. President Zelenskyy needs to understand, as I said before the break, that we are a constitutional republic. We are not a direct democracy. We are what a constitutional public is a form of a representative democracy. In other words, in a direct democracy, people vote on everything. Everything, you it, it, it's not a, a practical way to run a country this size. So our founders chose this other system, a republic, which is a beautiful system. We love it, but it's a former representative democracy. It also, it means however, that there needs to be the political will to do something. People in the United States voters, by the way, in both parties, more Republican than Democrat.


And you know, you know what? Cue up that Harry End thing. I'm gonna play that next go ahead order a little bit. I'll show you the polling on this. You need the political will to keep this going because this country operates by consent of the governor. So Zelenskyy needs to understand that, that what happened in the oval was a disaster. I don't care what the media says, right-Leaning media or left leaning media, there are so many people obs just go to Twitter. There are so many people upset about this. Just look on Twitter. I mean, it's not an official polling sample. I'll get you that in a second. In case you think I'm just throwing Twitter examples out there. The polling behind this is not great either. He needs to understand that he's putting President Trump in a bad position. But second, there's a threat in this too with the nice ocean thing.


I was just kind of discussing this with Aveta, what's going on here? And you're seeing with this class picture, you know, vo that if you could, the class picture of of, of President Zelenskyy visiting the EU and other European Union countries afterwards, which is, which is fine. This is not a problem by the way. This is, this is great. But the implied threat here, especially from the eu, which you've seen with Germany and others, which shouldn't happen, is, hey, you know what? We don't need, you guys we're kind of do our gonna do our own thing. Well, I I'm not sure that's the case. I'm not sure that's the case. This is a problem that's been addressed by the way, by Republican and Democrat lawmakers under Republican and Democrat presidents in the past where there's been this schism and you can look it up between old and new Europe.


They don't all feel the same way. You are going to need us and yes, we need you too. The European Union is a massive trading partner for the United States. You can't think about this with simple minds, but you've seen it, especially if you view the commentary from Germany and others and even out of France, there's this kind of implied threat that not only is there this new Europe, old Europe, but there's a new us, old us and the new us, we don't need as much. You absolutely are going to need us. But this is your backyard. That's just a geographic fact. It's not an insult to the EU countries. This is your backyard. Russia is a bigger geographic problem, location wise for you than is for us.


It's still a problem for us. We get that, but we need you to step up. The security umbrella for the United States has been a generational, you know, obviously a thing for us through NATO and other alliances, but you need the political will to keep it going. Here's CNN again, in case you think I'm making this up, this is why this apology and a a a, a repairing of this relationship, if it's even possible's, gonna have to start from Zelenskyy and Ukraine. You gotta develop the support with the American people before President Trump moves. Check this Out. Republicans on the Russia, Ukraine War, look at this, want a quick end of the war, but Russia still keeps the captured land from Ukraine. Look at this, look at the majority of Republicans, 74%, three quarters of Republicans near unanimity on that particular subject compared to just 25% who say that they support Ukraine's fight even if it means a longer lasting war.


The bottom line is this is, it's very clear, very, very clear that Republicans want an end to this war. They are willing for Ukraine to give up that land that Russia currently has. They do not want this war extended. And I think what we saw yesterday in the White House was a clear illustration of that Republican point of view. Donald Trump representing Republicans well on this issue Folks, receipts matter, okay? Evidence matters. We are in a republic. You get the point. You have to build political capital for these things. I'm not sure Zelenskyy understood that as people may have, but he made a catastrophic error here.


Here's Marco Rubio, which again plus ones, minus ones. I think he did an amazing job explaining this. Here's Rubio Secretary Rubio just about a week ago explaining why President Trump is upset with Zelenskyy. For those out there, putting out the narrative that this was a like some planned assault on Zelenskyy in the Oval Office. That's just not true. I'm telling you from multiple sources, multiple I've read publicly. By the way, that was not the intention of the Oval Office meeting. It was just to sign the deal. It was Zelenskyy who turned it negative with the nice oceans comment and then suggesting that diplomacy questioning JD Vance, vice President Vance on what diplomacy was.


Here's a, this is a week ago Secretary Rubio explaining why President Trump's upset with Zelenskyy. Check this out. I think President Trump is very upset at President Zelenskyy and I in some cases and, and rightfully so. Look number one, Joe Biden had frustrations with Zelenskyy. People shouldn't forget it. There are newspaper articles out there about how he cursed at him in a phone call because Zelenskyy, instead of saying thank you for all your help, is immediately out there messaging what we're not doing or what he's not getting. I think the second thing is frankly I was personally very upset because we had a conversation with President Zelenskyy, the vice president and I, the two three of us and we discussed this issue about the mineral rights and we explained to them, look, we wanna be a joint venture with you. Not 'cause we're trying to steal from your country, but because we think that's actually a security guarantee.


If we are your partner in an important economic endeavor, we get to get paid back some of the money the taxpayers have given close to $200 billion and it also now we have a vested interest in the security of Ukraine. And he said, sure, we wanna do this deal. It makes all the sense in the world. The only thing is I need to run it through my legislative process. They have to approve it. I read two days later that Zelenskyy is out there saying, I rejected the deal. I told him no way that we're not doing that. Well that's not what happened in that meeting. So you start to get upset by somebody. We're trying to help these guys at one of the points that president made in his messaging is, it's not that we don't care about Ukraine, but Ukraine is on another continent. You know, it doesn't directly impact the daily lives of Americans.


We care about it because it has implications for our allies and ultimately for the world. There should be some level of gratitude here about this. And when you don't see it and you see him out there accusing the president of living in a world of disinformation, that's highly, very counterproductive. The chat's going wild on this. By the way, I'm reading all your comments watching this folks, this is a masterclass interview right here. This is a huge plus one. There are two things, two takeaways from that interview, which I'm sure a lot of you in the chat caught and it, this is why this is perfect right here, this interview number one, president Trump knows that there is, there may not be the political will in this republic right now for a direct security guarantee.


Follow me here. In other words, we will put us troops on the ground. He understands for many of you, I'm reading your chat comments right now that that's a no-go. So he understands this is going to have to be messaged. That's what happens in politics. So did you hear what Rubio said there? Secretary Rubio? Well if we can engage in this joint venture where at least the American people feel like they're being paid back for their efforts with these critical rare earth minerals, which are called rare earth minerals because they're rare. What he's saying is, did you, you hear what he said there? That we have a security interest then in preserving this economic benefit which will assist both countries.


Do you get kind of the winky winky nod nod where Zelenskyy must have missed this somehow? And then the second part, secretary Rubio is crystal clear referencing quote the American taxpayer. He's telling you exactly what I just told you that if you don't understand is Ukrainian lawmakers and the president of Ukraine, that the taxpayers, this is a consent of the governed country, are ultimately in charge. And you don't understand political messaging then there's really nothing left to talk about. Brilliant interview. Sometimes it's international diplomacy in front of the camera like you just saw with Secretary Rubio.


Is Beck's conducted by saying things without saying them? Do you get what I'm saying? Zelenskyy didn't understand that. He just said it and you never got in trouble for things. You didn't say. The best advice I ever got in media, which applies in diplomacy as well. There's an exploit in it, but whatever. It's, nobody ever got in trouble for shutting them up. Okay? You never get in trouble for something you don't say major, major diplomatic disaster for him. And a lot of people, a lot of people out there were very, very proud of the, our president and vice president for standing up for the interest of our country.


Can't let that happen in our Oval Office. Quick break here. We'll get back to the show. I got more for you here, including a a GB news anchor who just one of my favorite, probably my favorite cut of the entire show. Just tears it up explaining this situation. This is great. Last break.


Hey, during tax season your sensitive information does a lot of traveling to places you can't control stopping off at a payroll, your accountant or tax repair. Countless other data centers on its way to the IRS. Any of them can expose you to identity theft 'cause all the, they have all the info on the W2, just the ticket for criminals to steal your identity. Now whether the IRS reported the tax fraud due to identity theft went up 20% last year. You need LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second and alert you to the, the threats you could miss if your identity stolen LifeLock's US based restoration specialist will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package and restoration is guaranteed or your money back. So don't let identity thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. Join now. Save up to 40% of your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK. Use promo code BONINO or go to lifelock.com/bonino for 40% off terms apply.


And our last sponsor today is guys are quick justified right there. You don't go out and buy a life jacket when the boat's already sinking and you don't buy gold when the economy's already collapsed. Clearly others are heading heating this advices gold hit all time highs the first part of 2025. It's not too late for you too. I use Birch Gold, B-I-R-C-H. It's the company I buy gold from. Birch Gold specializes in helping you convert an existing IRA of 401k into a tax sheltered IRA and physical gold for no money out of pocket. Just listen to this five star review. Knowledgeable, helpful, no pressure. That's why you go with Birch Gold. That's why they've been with me for a while. Get your free info kit on gold by texting the word Dan for the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. There's no obligation, just useful information. So with an A plus rating with the Better Business Bureau and countless five star views, text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Let the experts at Birch Gold help you secure your future today with gold message and data rates reply. So I thank you Birch Gold.


This is one of my favorite cuts of the day. Maybe my favorite in in a while. Here is a GB news anchor Matthew Goodwin. He's explaining the Trump and Ukraine situation to a BBC panel and he really seems to get what's going on. If you blind yourself, if you can, if it's possible to the subjective, I hate Trump nonsense on the left and you really try to figure out really happened, you know this, this gentleman Matthew Goodman is right, check this out. A lot of people who like to start wars are suddenly very angry with one guy who wants to stop this war. And there are people who have taken us into one disaster after another war in Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, Libya, who have spent much of today on social media attacking Trump.


What we're seeing I think is a reset of geopolitics, a reset we're seeing the breakdown of what you might call the international liberal world order, which saw 20, 30 years of one foreign policy disaster after another. And Trump, you know, I was at the inauguration in America and people around the President are basically saying, you know, they've had enough of that constant interventionism, they've had enough of Europe, by the way, again, maybe a controversial point, but Europe not paying its way on defense. And they've looked to Germany, they've looked to France, they've looked to Italy, they've looked to the UK and they've said, you know, what are you guys doing? You know, take Germany as an example.


Germany under the Greens, absolutely bonkers. Becoming more dependent upon Russia because of its ridiculous energy policy becoming more dependent upon China. And then turning around and criticizing Donald Trump when he says, we've got to end this war. I mean, I'm sorry it doesn't make sense anymore. Folks in the chat. Come on, gimme some feedback. Are you feeling about that audio video clip like I am? That guy just nailed it. You see what he's saying? Exactly what I told you before. Obviously we have an interest in what happens in Russia, Ukraine, all over the world. The United States has relationships everywhere.


The question is not do we have an interest or not. It's who has a greater interest? And this GB news guest, Matthew Goodman just nails it to Germany and other countries in the EU that is right there. Russia is there. You have countries over there that are, I mean thi this is your actual geopolitical backyard. And he mentions Germany. This is a really significant problem where you have this, the, this green movement in Germany, which has gotten away and into all these green New Deal type technologies. Many of them which require electrification of the economy, electrification of their vehicle fleet.


You see their Volkswagen struggling over there, other German companies, they get away from gas, diesel powered cars, right? And what's the problem? They require a lot of these cars, rare earth minerals, lithium and other things, which ironically they're gonna have to rely on places like China to get. So it's really hard for folks like Matthew, me and others to accept the lecture on defending democracy. When you are moving your economy in a green direction, that depends more on the ccp. Anyone dispute that folks the left in in this country and around the world is, does not.


I suggest you kinda lick your finger and see where the political winds are going because the Shatz doctrine named for Senator Brian Shatz who is a, a democrat, the Shatz doctrine of continue to do liberal stuff and just talk about it differently is not gonna work. Because doing that stuff leads to X outcome and X outcome is not good. Here's what I mean. They just don't seem to have gotten the electoral lesson that came out of 2024. Here's Governor JD Pritzker, he seems to think that messaging is the problem.


That's not what I just said to you. The point I'm trying to make is you can talk however you want about a policy. You can use whatever euphemisms you want, say defund the police. You can talk about it how Joe Biden did when he was running for office where he said, whatever. Is it reallocating funds? Talk about it however you want. In the end, it results in the destruction of local police forces. 'cause you're moving money away from enforcing crime in the street. You can talk about that all you want. Eventually crime is gonna go up. It's not a messaging problem, it's a policy problem. If I'll prove it to you in a second, listen to this clip first from JD Pritzker and you'll see how this is gonna be a huge problem for the Democrats going forward.


Check this out. Do you Think that Democrats have lost touch with the working class voters? And do you have any suggestions as to how they could potentially start to remedy that? Yeah, what I don't think is that we should change the fundamental policies of the Democratic party to move to the right, no. To try to address this. The, the problem in the last election was messaging. Honestly, we have the right position. I'll give you an example. We're for raising the minimum wage. That's your argument right now. You really believe raising the minimum wage is what's gonna alter the trajectory of the Democrat party, which lost all seven swing states. Come on. You can't be serious about that. This is not a stupid guy, okay?


Policy wise ideologically, but the guy could not be more wrong. But this is not a, he doesn't really believe this. Folks, I said I was gonna explain this. If you really believe that and you're JD JD Pritzker, right? Governor Pritzker, if you really believe that it's a messaging problem and not a policy problem, then why do you keep using, using euphemisms to describe your policy problems? Why not just talk about them directly? If the policies are so popular, then why are you so concerned about the messaging? What, I'll give you a quick example. When the MAGA crowd talks about tax cuts, that's exactly what we mean. There's no euphemisms for it.


They're not, no one talks about it like financial haircut on the marginal tax rate side and the income band, but you, no one, people don't talk like that. They say, yeah, we like tax cuts. Why? 'cause we want the American people to spend more of their money. You can message it all you want the policy's popular. It's a huge mistake. President Trump, again, has a unique way to cut through this. He put up this true social post. We should spend less time worrying about Putin and more time worrying about migrant rape gangs, drug lords, murderers, and people from mental mental institutions entering our country so that we don't end up like Europe. I mean, this is what he's not saying. Putin's not a problem. He said that many times.


He's just suggesting to you that there are issues that bleed for the American people. Meaning they feel them. They feel them every day. Like actually feel them. You know, I hate the word literally. Well, I keep saying it 'cause I hate the word so much. It's ironic that I keep saying, I hate that. I say get it outta your head. These things, they, in inflation, which has been a four plus year problem we've been dealing with, it's not gonna be solved overnight. I've said that many times. The border, which is just open border, which is ravaged American communities, these are the kind of things that are directly impacting the lives of the American people. If you really believe on the left in this chats doctrine that keep doing left wing stuff like men in the women's room and men in in girls' sports, people are gonna notice Otis.


Then this happened this weekend. This is absolutely unexplainable. These are a series of Boston officials, including the mayor. There was this attack this weekend by a suspect with a knife off-duty police officer engages. Now you would think, number one, you'd at least let the investigation kind of materialize and the facts come out. Apply the bonino rule, right? Facts matter before you made a public comment about it. But imagine being the leader of a great city like Boston and coming out in front of the campus, and your first comments are to express condolences to the suspect in the case with the knife, rather than what appears to be a rather heroic incident by people involved, including heroism by the off-duty police officer.


Your first comments are condolences for the other guy. No, this actually happened. Check this out. My condolences and, and all of our thoughts are with the family of the individual whose life has been lost. Our, our thoughts and prayers are, are with the family and, and friends of, of the individual who's been lost. So our condolences go to the individual who, who was, was, was killed tonight. Justin just said to me, Dan, you know, every time conservatives and Republicans send thoughts and prayers, which they mean we're actually thinking about people and we pray for them.


Yes, we do pray for people. I do it all the time. Matter of fact, I ask for your prayers and guidance going forward. And I'm not even remotely ashamed about that and never, well, I'm actually proud of that. I thought they didn't like thoughts of prayers. But when it comes to a suspect in the case, in a violent crime, quote, all of their condolences, that was the mayor all go to the suspect. Folks, I don't, you know, the interesting part about this show is this whole life change event happens for me is I, I I, I enjoy doing the commentary, I'm gonna miss it.


But the commentary part is an addition to the substance. The substance is just easy to find. You know, I don't need to make up what the mayor of Boston said, I can just play it like that actually happened. The guy take someone Else's, right? Right. What about the guy? You know, what about the, the off-duty police officer? I, by the way, was off duty. Didn't ask for any of this. What about that person? When everyone was going through the rundown, I'm, I said, this one's really hard to believe.


Again, going back to the, just to tie this back to Zelenskyy in the beginning, you never get in trouble for things you don't say. Maybe just best to say, we're still gathering the facts. It's a terrible incident. We will report as they come in, but here's what we know so far. Maybe just stick to that. Just an idea. Here's the Massachusetts Governor Mary Healy talking about, I mean, Massachusetts is a wonderful state. You been up there in Boston and New York, they have this baseball rivalry. But I'm gonna tell you, having worked with many Boston Secret Service agents in my last line of work, the greatest guys, you all know who you are too.


I mean, there was a crew of 'em and they were the best. Massachusetts a great state. Boston's an amazing city. But imagine being represented by Governor Healy, who is being overrun again by sanctuary city, illegal immigration policies. They support the liberals over there and then blaming Republicans for using immigration as a scare tactic. You see the fake kind of 180 they're trying to do here to flip the argument and tell you a story rather than a story. It's not a scare tactic, it's real. There are actually criminal aliens in our cities like Boston doing bad stuff. Listen to this. One of the most visible strategies Republican governors adopted during the height of the migrant crisis was sending buses and planes of migrants to blue states like yours.


Very memorably memorably, Martha's Vineyard. It was a stunt, but you could argue that it worked. It made immigration enforcement into a blue state issue, which it had not been. Shouldn't it always have been though? I mean, is it not fair to say that Democrats really did not take this issue seriously? I don't know if, I mean, I, I don't see it that way. I think democrats in Congress were the ones who time after time were pushing for immigration reform. And that's what I saw. It was a stunt. It was a stunt. What happened? I think it, you know, the buses, the buses to New York, to Illinois, to Colorado.


I think the Republicans did a really effective job of making this an issue and frankly, of scaring a lot of people. This, I, I find this, I find this line of reasoning, by the way, I don't wanna forget this. I got an Adam Shift thing coming up. It's not part of the show, guys. Don't worry about it. I just thought about it. It, I find this line of reasoning anywhere ranging from absurd to ridiculous. It was a stunned, well what was the stu, when did the buses and the Martha's Vineyard incident from Florida regarding illegal immigrants? When did that happen? Folks in the chat. Who was the president? Okay, it was Joe Biden. So I don't understand what the stunt was.


If you were so proud of the open border, you did nothing to solve that. By the way, president Trump solved in less than 30 days. Just look at the numbers. I thought you couldn't solve it if you were so proud of the open border, which you were. You publicly said one thing, but behind the scenes, make no mistake. You did everything you could to facilitate the flow of people violating the law into the country. If you were so proud of it, then I don't understand why it was a stunt to take some of those people from a congested, illegal immigrant population in Texas geographically on the border and relocate them into places where you say you want them sanctuary cities and elsewhere. I don't understand what the stunt is. I'm not trying to be an asshole.


I'm just telling you what's the stunt? Seriously, what's the stunt? You should celebrate this. Why were the citizens of Martha's Vineyard elsewhere so eager to remove people? They said they supported the stunt was only on your end, not on our end. We just highlighted what you were doing opening the border. You say you're a sanctuary city, provide sanctuary. Why should Texas have to support everyone? They don't have the resources. I said I was gonna dress this too. I, it was interesting this weekend I was sitting around and you guys see the video, Adam, Adam Schiff put out incredible. I mean you want to talk about the nerve, a guy knee deep in the collusion, hoax the laptop, hoax a bunch of documented frauds on the American people, puts out a video.


He seems very upset about what's happening with me and my career and moving on. And it was interesting. He, he took some cuts of the show. So yeah, he took some actual cuts of the show, which were, they were actually pretty good cuts too. So, you know, I, I'm just gonna say again that people reaching out that I have a show, I'm proud of the show. I love my show and I guess we have a lot of new guests today too. People apparently watching this, we get a lot of media people. So I still have a couple opportunities here to slide in some political opinions and yeah, I'm proud of my show, what we did. So feel free to use 'em. We can do like super cuts and everything like that. Maybe music videos if you wanna throw some music in there.


I'm playing some other cut for you 'cause here's another, yeah, feel free. I'm not much of a singer about it. We try. Here's Hakeem Jeffries again, this is another one talking about a leader of the Democrats, of course on the house side talking about Republicans in this parade of horribles. The only party putting out there are parade of horribles. Grandma's gonna die. You know, young kids are gonna die, diseases are gonna run rampant, puppies are gonna die, are the Democrats. But watch 'em do this euphemisms 180 flipper roof here and try to pretend it's us doing this as we repair all the damage done in the last four years. Check this Out. What we've seen from the Trump administration over the last several weeks is just a flood of unprecedented extremism and a parade of horribles that continue to be unleashed on the American people.


While at the same time the Trump administration is not focused on solving the problems of everyday Americans, we are continuing to make sure that we focus on trying to make life better for everyday Americans. Fundamentally, that's why we were sent to Washington dc We have to drive down the high cost of living. We have to secure the border, we have to keep communities safe. We have to protect our dreamers and farm workers and families. These are the things that matter. Parade of horribles what? Parade of horribles. I'm unsure. Listen, I'm gonna be candid with you, okay? Where we are, inflation is a persistent problem.


We should not do what they did to us and pretend inflation wasn't an issue and it's a Democrat and I'd be like, oh, Donald Trump did it. He's in office 30 days. I said to you before the election, and I'll say now, it is a difficult problem to solve. There is a ton of US debt out there. The money supply is rather large. We're gonna, if Fed policy is integrated with this is not an easy problem. Been totally candid with you, the border. However, yes, we still are suffering through four years of an open border and millions of people in the country illegally. The border problem, nothing's ever solved, but is as close to fixed as you're ever gonna see. Just look at the numbers. It's only been 30 days. So what parade of horribles are you talking about?


Help is coming for law enforcement. You can see with the direction Secretary, no and others are taken. Director Patel, me in the coming weeks, deadly serious about keeping this homeland safe. Ag Pam Bondi, this is how this is gonna go down. So what parade of horribles are you talking about? Only parade of horribles is coming through you. Alright folks, thanks again for tuning in. We'll be on the radio show today, it's on Rumble at noon in just a few minutes. If you wanna watch that, it's rumble.com/bonino. Make sure you give a vita's show a follow in the 9:00 AM hour rumble.com/evita.


E-V-I-T-A. She tore it up this morning. You met Hailey, I hope you liked her. You're gonna love her show going forward, launching stat. I will give you a date. I'll give you a URL on Rumble coming very, very, very soon. You can check out updates@silverlock.com. Silver LOCH. That is Haley Carina, glad you met her. And you know, I'm never late for the show, but she filled it. Anyway, that was my idea. By the way, am I a little crazy? Should I not have done that? I, I, I called Michael yesterday, I'm like, Michael, what do you think of this? He's like, ah, go for it, man. It's your show. Do what you want. Thanks for tuning in folks. See you on the radio show here in a little bit and back here. Live tomorrow at 11:00 AM Eastern Time. See you then.


You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.