
With Trump in I can finally take a breath. But one fact remains our nation is deep in debt and that debt's a house of cards that can't quickly be dismantled. The strategy remains the same. Diversify your savings. That's why I buy gold from Birch Gold, B-A-R-C-H. They'll help you convert an IRAA 401k into an IRA in physical gold. Now through Black Friday, get a free one out Silver Eagle for every $5,000 purchased. Help protect your savings with Birch Gold. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and claim your eligibility for free silver today.


Dan Bonino. Welcome to the Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino, but this person's gotta go NBC News. FBI Director Christopher A is preparing for a possible forced exit under Trump. Exit under Trump. Hallelujah. Please See ya wouldn't wanna be a I. This guy has got to go folks. I said to you, the second Donald Trump swears in I Donald J. Trump, he should just whip out a flip phone from his pocket, a star tack from the nineties that still works. Call up Christopher A and say You're fired in that Donald Trump. Only way this guy has got to go. I I can make a strong case to you that he has been as incompetent and potentially corrupt.


An FBI director as Jim Comey. And believe me, that's saying a lot. This guy is awful. This is Bylan For, it's by Ken Delan, which of course you know is a, you know, a fusion. Ken Delan, was that a Ken Delan article? Really? Oh, For Some people have asked me who I would like to see in charge of the FBI. I'm always hesitant to throw names out there, but I Cash Patel I think would be great. I think would be a great addition. Listen, Devin Nunes who led the Spygate investigation would be really good. Ratcliffe would be pretty good. Again, folks, I understand as I throw these names out there, I'm listening to you guys in the chat.


You guys matter to me. I'm well here. Someone who's in West Coast 360 Cash Patel. Listen, I love you guys in the chat, but I don't. I just wanna be clear like this is not a monarchy. If you don't agree with me, say Dan, say Screw that guy. If that guy, and here's why, that's fine. Like that's cool. There's just so many people to pick. There's not gonna be unanimity on every single pick is all I was getting at. I'm sorry if I was even a little long-winded at the beginning of the show. Now let me get to one of my listeners. Someone reached out via Facebook yesterday and said, Dan, this strategy of announcing all this stuff that Trump is gonna do by video is a huge mistake because the left can prepare. I'm here to tell you with absolute certainty, certainty, And I.


I'm not absolutely certain about much, but I'm certain about this. You are a hundred percent wrong. And I can tell you because this is not an ex post facto analysis I've said to you before in advance for years that that's wrong. The one the left already knows what Trump is gonna do. People in government who are getting pink slips, notifications your job, they're already leaking to the media. So let me be clear, And I would like your feedback in the chat here. But let me just be clear on this. People in the media, number one already know what Trump is gonna do. In fact, people all over the government are leaking. I'll give you an example. Someone leaked out the Rubio picked before Trump even got to announce it.


That's why I'm not so sure the known pick is even real. It was leaked. People already know. Second, what did I tell you about a year, two year, three years ago? Over and over again, the way you handle the first a hundred days is you do remember em Sock robots. You guys ever play that game? Where kids, am I aging myself a little bit? Now everybody's on video games, but back then they had actual games like you'd have to hit little leavers and stuff. Remember to rock em, sock em robots and they beat the crap out of each other. Me and my brothers loved that game. And if you could hit it really fast, that rock em sock robot, you beat the hell outta the other robot. That's how you do it. You gotta just keep throwing punches you send out.


The minute they're worried about Trump breaking up the international censorship regime, you send out a video about breaking up the DEI regime on universities. The minute they get upset about that, you send out Steven Miller's gonna be a deputy chief of staff. They start crying about that. You announce Tom Holman and then Rubio. The minute they're upset about that, you announce that you're gonna break up the Department of Education. This is the way you do it. Because if you noticed that they're so busy in fighting, they don't know what to focus on, they were losing their shit over Tom Holman being appointed Border C are. And basically you haven't heard anything about it in the last 12 hours because they're focused on everything else. This, you do it openly, you do it in their face.


You go rock em, sock him. Robots file style. Here's what I mean. Here's Donald Trump releasing another video yesterday. Watch every second of this. This is good about breaking up our communist university accreditors in the DEI regime. This is super important. The accreditors are what make these universities, these factories for communism and socialism. Check this out. Tuition costs at colleges and universities have been exploding and I mean absolutely exploding. While academics have been obsessed with indoctrinating America's youth, the time has come to reclaim our once great educational institutions from the radical left. And we will do that.


Our secret weapon will the college accreditation system. It's called accreditation for a reason. The accreditors are supposed to ensure that schools are not ripping off students and taxpayers, but they have failed totally. When I return to the White House, I will fire the radical left accreditors that have allowed our colleges to become dominated by Marxists maniacs and lunatics. We will then accept applications for new accreditors who will impose real standards on colleges once again and once and for all. These standards will include defending the American tradition and western civilization, protecting free speech, eliminating wasteful administrative positions that drive up costs.


Incredibly removing all Marxists diversity, equity, and inclusion bureaucrats, offering options for accelerated at low cost degrees, providing meaningful job placement and career services, and implementing college entrance and exit exams to prove that students are actually learning and getting their money's worth More in a minute.


But first, hey, you wanna get lean and take a product called Lean? A lot of people ask me, Dan, how how'd you lose all that weight? I did. I was 238 pounds. I would show you the picture I was getting a little gooey, but it's kind of nasty. So I can't do that. I'd show you the picture now where I'm a little bit more sliced and diced. but I don't wanna be like Geraldo, you know? So take lean. Some people are trying those weight loss injections 'cause the results are dramatic. They lower your blood sugar, they reduce appetite. But what are the long-term effects? They're really expensive and a lot of people don't like injections. I got a solution for you from breakout nutrition. Lean, LEAN. You wanna get lean? Try lean the studied ingredients, lower your blood sugar, help burn fat by converting it into energy and help curb your appetite and cravings. Lean isn't for the dieter with only a few pounds to lose. That's not that hard. The doctors at Brickhouse created Lean for Frustrated Dieters at me. At me. Well actually at one point with 10 pounds or more to lose, I had to lose about 20 wound up losing 30. You see it? Go look at the old videos. I'm not faking it. I Let's get you started with 15% off on free rush shipping. Add lean to your wellness and exercise plan. Here's the website, write this down. Visit take leann.com. Take LEA n.com. I'll give you a promo code. It's Dan 15 for your discount. That's promo code dan15@takeleann.com. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA then tend to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease, are not a substitute or or alternative for care from a healthcare provider.


So to the gentleman who reached out to me on Facebook, I love you. This is not a monarchy. I can't say that enough. This is a family. We don't have to agree, but I have to be firm here in telling you, you are definitely wrong. Do you see how this approach works better when you hit 'em? Rock em, sock em. Robot style. Think about this. I've been in the media business a long time. We have bino.com, A Vita writes there, Matt writes there. We've got articles there still. They have one column, they'll pretty much write a day. It's the exact same thing at the Washington Post and the New York Times. If you have one column and you're an anti-Trump lunatic, like a Jennifer Rubin, what do you write about?


Right? What do you write about that day? Tom Holman. It's a Nazi. I mean Steven Miller's a fascist. I mean they're gonna break up the university. I mean they're gonna break up the depart. They don't know what to do. They dunno what to do Do. They were still busy focused on Trump breaking up the censorship regime. They, they're worried about him firing the FBA guy. They don't know what to write about. Trust your boy. Have I led you as stray on anything? Trust your boy D bots. Trust your boy. I told you JD was the pick. Some of you didn't believe me. He was the pick. Told you to vote early. We'd kicked their ass. They weren't prepared for it.


We were gone. What did we do on the radio show? We focused on the Senate 'cause it mattered. We're up 53 seats. Your boy is not gonna lead you astray into the wilderness. Okay? This is the only way because now Jennifer Rubin's writing a piece right now, I'm probably not doing it in pen, but I used to, I didn't even learn to type till I was like in Secret Service School. I used to have to write everything down. It's true. I was like the, you know the hunt and pet guy, Jennifer Rubin right now. I was like, oh my gosh. They're going to fire accreditors. We will not be able to institute communism and universities. We're gonna lose our ideological power over the, over the young Lings.


The young Lings. As she's writing this article, she's watching this video. Here's the same video at the end. She's like, wait, wait, wait. Now she's gotta scratch the whole column out and say, holy shit, there was something even worse in this video. Trump is gonna break up the Department of Education. I hair's folks, hair is getting pulled out in chunks, right? Hold chunks like hold. You're gonna have a like a big donut around your head. Chunks are being pulled out right now here. Watch this same video. And one other thing I'll be doing very early in the administration is closing up the Department of Education in Washington, DC and sending all education and education work and needs back to the states. We want them to run the education of our children because they'll do a much better job of it.


You can't do worse. We spend more money per pupil by three times than any other nation. And yet we're absolutely at the bottom. We're one of the worst. You see, you see, man, you see what I'm telling you? They don't know what to write about. They're still busy writing about Kamala Harris sucks. Joe Biden should have got out sooner. Republicans are racist, Nazi misogynist, anti-immigrant. They're still busy writing out. They're not even done with those. They don't know what to do. Please, seriously, I was joking, but please trust me.


I promise you, I have no dog in this fight. I swear to you as my loyal listeners, I love you guys. I have no dog in this fight. I'm not looking for a job. I'm not looking for packed donations. I don't want your money. I don't want anything. I have no dog in the fight other than you and my credibility. This is the only way to do this. And by the way, these things are so fast and furious. I gotta tell you, I've had a tough time triaging the show about what to put in the show because Trump has launched so many nuclear bombs against the left and the deep state. I can't even fit it all in the show. This thing about university accreditors a big deal. Those re you have to be accredited to get federal money.


When the accreditors tell colleges, Hey, basically do commi stuff. That's why we've got communist universities. You break that cartel, you've got a whole new education system, and the Department of Education has been nothing more than an outlet, bureaucratic outlet for the teacher's unions that have screwed over kids forever. This is huge stuff. The damn bond. G Show, if you'd like to hear more, subscribe to the Dan, Bongino Show, wherever you get your podcast.