
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Ladies and gentlemen, again, this has been your home for breaking news. I here myself, so I, it's been your home for breaking news on the show regarding this secret service failure in the attempted assassination of Donald Trump. Last weekend, we have been breaking news and blowing this story wide open. I deeply appreciate you coming to the show. I wish the mainstream media would catch on. They'd be a few days ahead of the story. You saw one of the stories I told you yesterday is now again, Ms. Picked up later. It is true. Mykiss is pressuring Kim Cheadle, Alejandro Mykiss, the DHS secretary and the administration are pressuring the Secret Service director Kim Cheadle, to shut her mouth.


They will not let her talk. They won't because they know this was an abysmal failure. Now it's being reported in the media outlet again. You were 24 to 36 hours ahead of that. I gotta clarify a timeline today, and I have another piece of explosive information about this. I'm getting from the highest level of sources. I can't emphasize that enough. These are people extremely upset about what happened inside the agency, who must absolutely must fix this. Let's get to the show. I got way too much to get where again, we're live from the rnc. It's why the background's a little different. For those of you tuning in today,


hey, you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? I've been this week. I forgot my Beam dream. Trust me, I've been there. It's not about feeling tired the next day. It's about the toll poor sleep can take on every aspect of your life. There's hope on the horizon. However, Beam, send this over some emergency Beam dream. It comes in the form of beam's. Dream powder. Theresa, call Beam immediately. Please send an emergency packet. This stuff's been a game changer for me. See, when we're sleeping well, we're sharper more focused, ready to tackle whatever life throw our way. Today my listeners get a special discount on Beams Dream Powder. Their science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleep is never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause that next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all-natural blend of reishi magnesium, l-theanine, and apogen and melatonin, and help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. You wanna try Beam's bestselling dream powder beams now offering Bonino listeners an exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you Go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino at checkout. That's shop b eam.com/bonino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off.


Michael, let's go. Let's get this show started already. 70,000 people. We just started. Ladies and gentlemen, media people get your notepads. I've got a pen for you to borrow if you'd like. Get your paper pads out. Other hosts out there in the liberal media, don't know what you're doing. Take your pens out too. Conservative hosts, they actually do journalism. I'm not worried about you guys. You do your own thing. Updated information. You ready folks? There is a very serious dispute going on right now about what the role of locals versus Secret Service were. Now, let's clarify the terminology so we're not not talking past each other. When I say local law enforcement, I'm not talking specifically about Butler County, PE, Pennsylvania.


I'm talking about anyone, not Secret Service, who was a Leo law enforcement officer. Are we clear on that? I just wanna make sure, 'cause I don't want you to think I'm throwing anyone under the bus. I'm just telling you what sources are telling me. Locals could be state police, locals could be Philadelphia Police locals, could be Butler County, pa. Okay? There is a serious dispute right now going on with the Secret Service. The Secret Service knows that there were some lapses on the side of locals. There were how time out. Time out the The secrets it, it's the Secret Services Fault over a, it's their job to secure the president's life. I get that period.


They do have local partners. However, there were some significant lapses. Here's what I'm hearing. There is an actual text record, so it's not disputable. There's texts, phone texts, if you know what I mean, right? That this threat may have been recognized at about 5:01 PM an hour before Donald Trump got on stage. And there are some people telling me that there was a failure in the beginning to properly get that information out. I'm just telling you what I'm hearing and let me give you the other side. The locals and some of the Butler County officials are disputing that saying, Hey, we told the Secret Service about the threat And. they didn't do anything that is gonna come out in the wash.


Once we get these records for you and out in the public, you're gonna see via the text record who was notified when and what was done about it. I'm hearing from Secret Service sources that it was roughly a half an hour. In other words, 5 31 before they got a picture of this potential threat. Folks, again, this is coming from the top. Now, the Secret Service has a political problem right now. The political problem is serious. The Secret Service needs local partners to do protection. Follow me. 'cause this is really important. They cannot do their job without local police departments. N-Y-P-D-L-A-P-D, Philly pd, Butler County. It's not possible. The Secret Service has what, five, 6,000 agents now, or when I was there, it was like 3000 or so.


It is not physically possible to do presidential protection without law enforcement. They are not only partners, they are integral partners. You get what I'm saying? They're in a real political quandary right now and I don't feel bad for anyone. Don't. This isn't like boohoo. They screwed up, period. They don't wanna throw the locals under the bus after they appeared to throw the locals under the bus. So they're in this bind right now. Now, my advice to them, if you're listening right now, is Ladies and gentlemen, the truth doesn't have an agenda. The truth is the truth. Just tell the truth. I get it. Local partners in the future are probably gonna be pissed off and we're gonna have to mitigate a lot of that and do liaison work. But you gotta fix this thing.


So I'm hearing again that there was some communications failure, but there is, again, media people, you're writing this down. There is a text record documenting this that there was some failure to notify about the threats. Second, I have it confirmed from a source that there was no or very limited drone surveillance that day. There was no aerial, no effective aerial surveillance plan. Basically whatsoever. Aerial surveillance would've detected this threat on the roof. I've told you over and over again, I'm gonna get to this in a second, with a secret service memo that was sent to me. That's gonna prove to you that there was, there couldn't have been an air security personnel there because they changed the plan after we, we highlighted it.


There was no drone. so we can now confirm that, which is an ab, absolutely abominable security plan. One thing I wanna correct from our show, I always told you, if we get something wrong, we will be the first person to say it. Our integrity matters. We got the timeline wrong. Yesterday, there was apparently a dispute. I call it a dispute, a disagreement over putting a local sniper team on the roof where the, the assassin was there. That's accurate. The timeline, however, yesterday was off. There was not a dispute that day whether they should have been up there or not. Apparently the dispute or disagreement was earlier in the week where there was a request for that post.


And then they said this, the te, apparently the local sniper team said, listen, we're a sniper team, we're not a counter sniper team. We can do the same job from the second floor window. The secret service sadly and tragically agreed to that they left an open piece of high ground. So the timeline was off. But corrections and integrity matter, that apparently was a dispute earlier in the week, not on game day. I wanna get that out there. And again, this is from the highest level sources possible. Another thing I'm hearing from this source, there was no ladder. There was no ladder found at the scene. I don't know what you or no ladder that he used at the scene. If we have to come, if we get different information later, then something else comes up in the FBI investigation, I'll tell you.


But my sources are telling me that that is not accurate. That there was no ladder used and I'll, I'll, that's gonna be important in a second because the biggest chunk of information is yet to come. I'm not even into the, the really hairy stuff yet. So keep the no ladder thing in mind. Here's another piece of information I'm breaking on the show for you today. Apparently on July 7th, which is roughly two weeks before this thing happened, this tragedy, the shooter's phone pinged at the location, I think it's called the Butler County Farm Bureau or that area, the shooter's phone pinged at the location. You haven't heard this anywhere in the media. What was he doing?


He was doing what we call in the business pre-op surveillance. He was out there surveilling the location in advance, which is indicative of just about, by the way, every school shooter in assassin in human history. There is pretty much always some form of pre-op surveillance. Now was the subject under surveillance on July 7th. Obviously not from what I'm hearing, he did not have a protective intelligence profile. But this is big news. It indicates that this guy had thought about this in advance. It wasn't some psychic break at the last minute. Another piece of information I got this morning, the slope story is total bullshit. The dispute again happened earlier in the week about posting, but the slope of the roof, which was slight, I believe it was about seven or eight degrees, did in fact impede the line of sight from a couple of the sniper teams.


I could not get a good look at this guy. Again, not, I don't make excuses for folks, okay? I'm directly calling for Kim Cheadle to resign and others by the way. But apparently the slope of the roof impeded the line of sight, which led to this 11 second or so delay from when the shooter took his shot and the CS team took the shot and took out the shooter. I also got some details. This is insane when I think about this, about this. Apparently the CS team, a lot of misinformation out there. The counters sniper team that took out the shooter was a secret service team. The shot, Ladies and gentlemen, what I was told this morning was one of the most difficult shots that any CS team has taken in a long time.


They had obviously seconds to respond. The the, they shouldn't have had to take this shot. I mean it was a failure in advance. However, the shot, from what I heard, there was about a nine inch window they had to shoot in from about 400 yards and there was a tree in the way. And, they still got the shot off. So that part, it's interesting that, you know, I don't think the details of that have been disclosed and media people, we taking notes or you still wanna be two weeks behind this. He, another piece of information that got out yesterday that they're saying it's not accurate, but there's, I'm, I'm getting conflicting. I'm just gonna be honest with you. I'm getting conflicting stories on this. The shooter apparently never approached the magnetometer with the rangefinder.


He was seen with the range finder outside of the mag area. In other words, no one said, Hey, what are you doing with a rangefinder at the magnetometer? Doesn't absolve any, but matter of fact, it makes the situation even worse. He was sitting out there with a range finder You know and everybody, Hey, this scares a guy with a range finder but golfing. Yeah, right, right. Like what is he doing golfing? Is he bird? you know, and trying to get a burden and it's just ridiculous shooting squirrels. So, but I'm hearing from a very reliable person, and again it's a little bit conflicting that he never approached the magnetometer with the range finder. So that's important. Here's the most important piece of information I want to get out. There's a theory, and I wanna emphasize this strongly.


Please, folks in the chat, do not jump down my throat. It's my obligation to get you information. And the truth and the truth does not have a freaking agenda. Okay? Don't read into this any more than you need to. There is a working theory amongst very talented investigators. I'm not gonna say the agency that I trust. People I know personally who I can vouch for personally. There's a working theory out there that the, and I just wanna throw this out there. Paula completely disagrees and she's like, Paula is almost always right. So I'm throw that out there. But there's a working theory out there that the shooter initially intended on a mass casualty event, effectively a school shooting type event with the crowd.


It was gonna be a ground-based attack. Now they say that based on a couple of reasons, apparently the shooter had purchased the ladder or tried to purchase the ladder at Home Depot earlier in the week or once some one of these stores and never brought it to the event again. That's why the no ladder story is important. If it turns out to be true, the theory now is they gave up on the shooter, may have given up on the high ground and was gonna engage on the ground and engage the crowd. The reason they believe that is where he positioned himself with the rangefinder on the ground. There was no clear view to the stage. There was only a clear view to the crowd. So it's a theory. I'm not saying that the guy didn't wanna kill President Trump.


Obviously he tried to kill President Trump. What I'm saying to you is he may have thought that was too difficult of a target and focused in on the crowd during his pre-op surveillance. And that's why he was using the rangefinder from the ground. Well, Dan, how the did he get on the roof then the police spot him and are following him at around the five 15 to five 30 window. They're trying to get in there. Apparently at that point, the shooter recognizes the fact that the police are closing in on him. Again, this is all new information. The working theory on the mass casualty event, rather than a direct assassination, is that he went up to the roof and scaled it via this air conditioning unit.


'cause he was trying to get away from the police and realized, holy shit, what an opportunity. Now I got Trump in my sights. It is a theory. Obviously, we're never gonna find out if it's true or not, unless he wrote it down in some manifesto because he's dead. He's not around. You know. Dead men tell no tales. So it is a theory and the only reason I put it out there is because the individuals that told me this potential theory, which is important are, are people I really trust. They believe he may have been targeting the crowd with that range finder. That's why he was on the ground using it and was, and got on the roof just by some really bad luck and terrible, awful security.


He wound up scaling this roof and nobody could find him. And he's like, wow, look at this. Now I got a shot. Horrible. We even have to talk about this, but the no drone thing, I can confirm now. The no drone thing is important. I got Chris. So Chris, you believe this stuff. Like this is a folks CEO Rumble, my friend Chris, like we're rumble's breaking all the news. If you're not watching watching Rumble, I'm, I'm sorry, you're, you're, you're really three, four days behind this story. We have totally smoked a mainstream media on this. You guys really in the media should be taking notes and not being You know tools. Oh, well, Dan Bonino said, I don't like him 'cause he's a Republican. That doesn't make it not true. Now, the no drone part is important because there has been a dispute early on, again, with the Secret Service that put out what I believe to be one of the worst tweets in the history of the Secret Service, suggesting that this was the best we could do and we allocated technology to President Trump.


This is the best you can do. You don't think Iranian terrorists or others are now watching going, oh good, now we should take a shot too. Look, these guys can't even figure it out. This was the quote best they can do. And I said to you, putting out that this was the best technology you have while not having a drone up there is one of the single worst misguided tweets I've ever seen in the history of the Secret Service. Someone sent this to me yesterday. Again, you're home for breaking news. This is an internal memo from the Secret Service. Put it up on the screen please. You'll note it says on here that they are now taking a SB Air Security branch people and they're gonna start allocating them. Scroll through it, if you would, to the presidential nominee.


Well, if you're now, if the Air Security assets were satisfactory from the start, like you said with the technology, then why are they enhancing them now? Michael, can you scroll to the top and then through this, read it again folks. This is what they're doing now. They're taking Air Security branch personnel and now finally moving them to presidential nominees. Why are you doing it now? I thought the technology was there before. Apparently it isn't. Please don't lie to us. I say to former colleagues and friends, I still have in the Secret service. We failed. We failed. It's time to own it.


And the truth does not have an agenda. And keep in mind, that's that other part is a theory, it's a working theory. 'cause I don't want people taking it going, what are you saying? He wasn't there to kill President Trump. He took a shot at his head from, of course he was. I'm just telling you the opportunity, which he would've taken in a second. He may not have seen on his pre-op surveillance, and it only may have presented itself as the police were trying to track him down and he was like, holy shit, there's an air conditioning unit. I can just jump on the roof and pop 'em from there. Details matter. And I'm gonna say to the Secret Service right now, again, I need you to listen to me.


I need you to listen to me this. We're not gonna talk and we're gonna keep everything cryptic and Kim Cheadle giving everybody the silent treatment. You know. Listen, sometimes me and Paul are fight about like stuff and we don't talk for, this isn't like a dispute about what's for dinner. This is a dispute about losing the president of the United States and freaking protectees, man, it's time for you to speak up or resign. Here's a tweet from Ron Johnson. Apparently they took four questions, four questions about the, one of the most tragic political events in modern human history.


Four questions. And you basically dumped a bunch of us senators. Listen, Ladies and gentlemen, You know politicians aren't our friends. I get it. But in a constitutional Republican, a representative democracy, senators and representatives are the representatives we have, whether we want 'em or not. They represent us. The secret service director who works for us, is not answering any questions. Are you shitting me? What about the, I'm gonna get to the questions in a second. Don't go anywhere. I'm gonna show you some video too of Kim Cheadle getting Confronted And good for you by US Senators. Marcia Blackburn Barrasso last night. I think I saw Langford there. Good Confront her. That's exactly what you should be doing.


She works for us and so do you.


Let me take a quick break. We'll get right back to the show, today's show brought to you by my patriot supply.com. Hey, stop what you're doing and, and listen just for a second, folks. Listen, our rights are being taken away from us slowly. We can't trust the government anymore. They've been lying to us. You've seen it. Institutions are failing. And let me tell you something, if there's an emergency and you think these people are gonna notify you first, they're gonna take care of their own asses. You are wrong. You have a solar generator, you have water filtration, you have emergency food. Please use the company I use. Listen folks, I I'm not gonna spin your wheels. This, a company pays money to be here and talk to you. I am a prepper and I'm proud of that. You can insult me all you want. I'm gonna be prepared. The best day of my life, gee, I tell you this all the time, right? Best day of my life, you throw all this stuff out and you never need it. The worst day of your life, there's a freaking emergency and you're looking around. Do we have food? No water filtration, no solar generator, no unforgivable. Prepare today, use my friends at my Patriot Supply. They've served millions of Americans to, they're the most trusted name in survival and for a damn good reason. Here's the website. Go today, my patriot supply.com. Save $200 on their bestselling three month emergency food kit. Has over 2000 calories a day. The food lasts up to 25 years, and calories are survival. Tastes good too. My patriot supply.com save $200 per kit, free shipping included. That's my patriot supply.com. Get prepared folks. You see what's going on? Very chaotic.


Okay, let's get back to this. I'm going to again, reiterate my three big questions. Okay? Again, media people, please write these down. I heard the great Lawrence Jones on Fox and Friends this morning. I heard him bring this up and I appreciate it. Why was President Trump on the X to begin with? X marks the spot. Why did you walk him out on the stage with a threat that was recognized at what? From I'm what I'm getting. 5:01 PM when he didn't walk out till after six. Ladies and gentlemen, there is a room, write this down. It's called the holding room. It's called the holding room for a reason. We hold the president. If there's a threat, if there's a situation or a crowd control problem, the press isn't set.


You hold them there. Why was President Trump taken out of a secure vehicle, which can take a massive rifle hit and put on an open stage with a man with a rifle on the roof? This is not a difficult question. If Kim Cheadle can't answer this question, she doesn't deserve her job. Secondly, there was, now we know there was a dispute or disagreement about putting a local counter sniper or sniper post on that rooftop. They didn't do it. They put 'em in the second floor window. So if we were gonna seed the high ground with a visual obstruction, the slope of the roof, then why didn't we obstruct the line of sight? Put a campaign poster, put a satellite truck, put something.


Why didn't you just simply obstruct the line of sight? Why was there no drone? Last question. So why was he on the X? Why wasn't the line of sight blocked? And why was there no drone or area surveillance? You better not say budget. We have a $6 trillion government budget. Get your freaking, what is it called? The cranial recto, pulling your head outta your ass. Take your head outta your ass and just say, we effed up. We effed up. There should have been a drone and there wasn't. And every, we're gonna fix it, folks. The American people are forgiving. Probably not about this. I they're never gonna forget this ever. But it's your job to keep this guy alive. Can we vo this? Kim Cheadle? Guys, I asked you before this, here's Kim Cheadle last night at the RNC.


By the way, she's staying in my hotel, in my hotel, which is insane. Why is she even, he just brought up the greatest point in the world. She's answering no questions. You can see this here. US centers. I think that's Blackburn. I see Langford and Barrasso. Why aren't you? This is what she's supposed to be doing. He brought up a great point, Penn. He said this to me this morning. I gotta tell you, I'm almost embarrassed. I didn't think about it. What the hell is she even doing here? Why isn't she in Butler County, PA or Secret Service Headquarters right now doing a hot wash over what the just happened? She's here. What? Thanking sponsors or something. What the, what's going on?


Gee brought that up. This woman before the show, he can't get over the fact that this woman is here. Glad handing people, taking like a celebratory lap. Like she just You know, beat Andre the giant at the WrestleMania III or something. This is freaking insane, man. This is, again, made this show. He's, he's so correct. I, I, I can't believe I was more upset about her not answering questions. But he's like, why is she even here to answer questions? Get the freaking headquarters in a room 20 hours a day, screens everywhere, all your assistant directors and dds, deputy assistant directors, and fix the problem.


You're here freaking shaking hands, giving people high fives. We're all doing a great job. We didn't do a great, we almost get the president killed. Are you serious folks? It, it You know, it, it, it, it, it really pains me to keep saying this, but the story shockingly gets even worse. Here's a v by the way, Vos voiceover, I shouldn't use industry terms, but he's a film school guy. So whatever vo the shooter walking around the field, folks, look at this. Here's the shooter with the range finder out in the field. You think the guy looks a little outta place. Just keep looping this for a few seconds. If you're listening on an Apple and Spotify, we try to make the show friendly for audio and video, but I'm asking you humbly to skip to the, I don't know, 25 minute mark and watch this.


You don't think this guy looks at a pla out a place folks, every single post standard there, and I'm hearing there were very few Secret service post standards. My numbers, they may be one offered by one or two, but three Secret service post standards. That's it. 20 HSI Homeland Security Investigations. That's unforgivable. We didn't have secret service post standards. Every single one of them, I'm sorry, has to go up in front of Congress and has to be talked to by the FBI and say, how did you miss this? You got a guy in a field. Do you guys see that? Anyone? Chad, do you disagree with me? Seriously, in the chat? Does anyone disagree with me? That guy sticks out. I I'm done with the sword sore thumb thing. You get the point. The guy sticks out like a black swan on a lake with a bunch of white swans.


Like there he is right there. He's not with the crowd. He's using a rangefinder. Like everybody missed this. Where was the protective intelligence team? I'll let you in on a little scoop here too. We've got protective intelligence teams on the ground that go and interview threats. Where was the communications failure that this guy wasn't interviewed right away? Again, another piece of information I forgot to put out before, apparently the rifle was disassembled in a backpack. He put it together either on the roof or down there. I, I think it was on the roof. but I don't want to confirm that right away. Now this is where the conflict comes in. Next. This is gonna be a video for you. I'm gonna play for a minute. This is one of the officials in Butler Township where this all happened.


Okay? He's laying out the TikTok of the events. So Eric Bowling over there. Good man brother, good to see you. Come. Come on the show later. Sorry man. We're at the RNC. Everything's, I get so much hustle and bustle, right? It's quiet here today though, which is good for now. But I want you to listen to this because this is where the conflict arises, okay? The Butler County Township guy seems to indicate that they told the secret service early about the threat, okay? At 5 0 1, that's not what I'm hearing from Secret Service sources. Ultimately the truth is gonna come out in the wash. Why? The truth is gonna come out in the wash because there's a text record of what happened. It's all electronic. Michael queue that up.


Listen to this. And I'm just telling you the Secret Service disputing this. I don't know who I believe. Check this out. In fact, see an individual on the roof with a weapon. He Saw the shooter. He did. Your officers are on patrol. They hear that there is a suspicious person on the rooftop. What did your officers do? So our officers in the area started to converge on the building. My understanding is they did a full perimeter walk of the building, weren't able to see up on the roof. Two of the officers went to what appeared to be the lowest point from ground to roof. One of the officers actually boosted the second officer up high enough for him to grab hold of the roof when he was able to pull his head up over the roof. He did in fact see an individual on the roof with a weapon.


He saw the shooter. He did. And what did the shooter do? Turned towards him. Had the barrel point of his weapon pointed at the officer. At That point, the officers hanging on Yes. To the side of the roof? Yes. Unable to pull a gun out. Unable to, unable, Unable to defend himself. Unable. Unable to reach his radio. Any of them. Yeah. Yeah. Strictly defensive movement For him to lower his head duck lost his own grip, right? Fell approximately feet to the ground. That's a steep Drop. It's a good drop. Yes. Did he get hurt? He did. In that moment, did they realize there's a threat right now to the former president? They did. So both the boosting officer and the officer that fell were both on the radio indicating that there was an individual on the, on the roof that did in fact have a weapon.


Who did they radio. So there was a blanket tactical channel being used. Everyone heard it. Everyone that was on that tactical channel heard it. Yes. How much time between that radio communication and the gun being fired at the former president? That I don't, I don't have that information. Okay. That the reason, that's a long clip. Ladies and gentlemen, if you're watching video on demand, rewind and listen again. There are two absolutely critical takeaways from that clip. The first takeaway is him talking about the tactical channel. There is a dispute. The secret service is, is, is now, there may be just a timeline disparity that it went out at five 30.


The Secret Service official story right now, which they say is backed up by the text records. You have to dial it back to five or 5 0 1 where they first see that this guy's acting suspicious. It should have went out right away. Then what he may be saying is it went out over a tactical channel later on. But this timeline dispute is screwing everything up. Because on one hand you have the Secret Service behind the scenes saying the locals should have notified us. And then you have the locals saying, Hey, we did notify you. but it, it's not a dispute about, it's a dispute about when, not if you get what I'm saying. But the But the when matters, something should have went out at 5 0 1.


This is important. Again, I'm not giving away any secret service secrets. I would never do that. We have a cp, those military and police officers out there, You know what I'm talking about. It's short for command posts. The command post is there at the site for a reason. There's a local rep and we have radios from every entity. There is no reason the command post, even if it did go out at 5 0 1 over the radio, shouldn't have notified everybody at the scene at 5 0 1 or 5:00 PM Now, Ladies and gentlemen, what will clear that up? Anyone in the chat have a guess? Yes. The radio traffic, it's all recorded. When is that gonna come out? Folks? We can't stop dicking around.


Get this out and we'll know what happened. Did they put it out at 5:00 PM that there was a threat in the crowd that they couldn't mitigate or were suspicious about? Or didn't they? That's all they, the radio traffic and the text will tell the story. What are we waiting on? The second part is they had to climb up on the roof and had to get boosted up. Folks, when we do a site advance at a high rise, we prefer not to have the president on a floor where a fire department ladder can't reach. Because if there's a fire, we have to have a breakout window where we can get the president out if the stairwells compromised. You didn't have a ladder to access a high point.


You guys weren't securing. I mean, come on man. What the shit? I mean you, you didn't think of that. These river nats man following me. Gee. Yeah, I know you didn't have an access point to the roof. I mean guys, ladies really unforgivable you. You You know we have a breakout window and a high rise for a firetruck. We didn't have a ladder to get to the roof in case there was a threat. Shit, I got more coming up next. Kim Cheadle on CNN. CNN. Now CNN Never. Our friends CNN's asking questions now and it did.


I mean this Kim Cheadle really needs to either resign or just come clean. Big people do big things in big times. Quick break. I'll get back to that folks.


Everybody's talking about these weight loss injections. 'cause the results are pretty dramatic. They lower blood sugar And. they help reduce appetite, right? But what if you need to lose weight but you don't have the money and you don't like these weekly shots? They are expensive. Brickhouse Nutrition create a supplement called Lean. The results are remarkable. The studied ingredients in lean have been shown to help lower blood sugar, burn fat by converting it into energy and curb your appetite and cravings. I use it. Paula uses it. We love it. I'm pretty lean. Self praise stinks. But love the product. Lean is not for a diet or only a few pounds to lose. It's for people looking to lose 10 pounds or more who are candidly frustrated by other products. Let's get you started with 15% off today and free rush shipping so you can add lean to your wellness and exercise plan. The website is take lean LEA n.com. Enter my code. Dan 15. Dan one five for your discount. That's promo code Dan fifteen@takelean.com. It works. I use it. Statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA, not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, preventative disease. They're not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider.


Thank you Lean and our last sponsor today Coin Folks. I met the CEO of this company. What a wonderful guy. Really committed to the parallel economy. You know we're using these credit cards and they're making a lot of money these credit card companies and giving it to leftist causes that turn around and hurt us. What if I told you there was a company out there that's doing the opposite? Well, it's time to get the woke outta your wallet. Let me tell you about Coin the credit card. It's COI gm.com. The coin card works like every other credit card you've ever had with one big enormous difference. Every time you use the coin card. Coin donates to patriotic charities. That's right. Coin is a visa backed credit card and one of America's first credit cards billed by and four conservatives. Unlike other leading credit cards that give millions to the left, they take care of causes that love the country. The coin credit card donates to conservative charities. Just last year they donated more to several conservative charities, likely more than the top 10 credit card companies combined. Go today. Apply now for America's conservative credit card@coin.com. The spelling is COIG n.com. Be sure to select Dan Bonino and that. How did you hear about a section? That's coin.com terms apply. Go to coin.com/disclosures for full details. Thank you coin. We appreciate it.


Alright, back to the show. The reason Kim Cheadle cannot answer questions about drones, counter sniper teams and resource allocation is because she doesn't wanna answer the questions. Because if she says there was insufficient security, the question's gonna emerge. And why did you put President Trump on the X and nearly come within a millimeter of getting this man killed? Watch this. Just again, pathetic interview with CNN and how she just gets caught by CNN on this. Check this out. Was every element, every part of his, from the intelligence to the counter assault team, to the detail agents, to the shift agents, I mean every element, top to bottom of the advance in the operation was every element increased after you learned of this credible Threat.


What we increased was what we felt was appropriate for the former president and for that particular event on that day. We have been increasing the assets and the resources and the staffing that we have been providing to the former president since he was a presidential candidate. And then the presumptive nominated. That's what I can tell you. That sounds like a no. I have not seen a no at all. I'm saying that we are have continued to increase the resources that we've been providing. Well listen, what she's saying there at the end is not inaccurate. I am hearing from sources another piece of kind of breaking news, but not a huge bombshell. President Trump now has a full cat team. Kat is our SWAT team. It's short for counter assault team.


If you go back and look at the assassination video, I hate to even watch it anymore. Just reminds me, we almost lost him. You'll see on the stage after he shot two men in the black BDU uniforms with long guns. That is our cat team. That cat team does not typically work as a two man element. They're trained in four or more man elements. President Trump, I can relay to you thankfully. Now I'm not gonna give the number, but has an enhanced CAT team. So that's good news. The bad news is what folks, I think you're already picking up on it. Why didn't he have the enhanced cat element that day? That's why Kim Cheadle is having a hard time answering these questions about resources because she's gonna box herself in a corner. Oh, you enhanced it.


Why did the threat level change the day after? You see how she's she, she can't answer the question. Also, I've been informed by quality sources that the counters sniper elements are going to be enhanced as well. So let's hope and pray to our Lord Almighty that the president is safe moving forward. Former president soon to be president, I hope. But folks, this was just a catastrophic failure and he brought up a good point like we're here at the RNC folks. The Secret Service has a cadre, a pretty big mofos out there. I mean, these are some big dudes and geese said it right? They brought out the A team.


I think President Trump was like, if you're gonna bring out I I if you're not bringing out like that Jack Reacher crowd, who ironically I heard can't stand Trump but I then don't bother. Don't even bother here. Here's another colossal failure and I'm gonna give you the inside scoop on this. I have a good body of experience with protective intelligence. I worked in the protective intelligence are the secret service agents who go out and investigate threats to the president. They're called the PI Squad. Okay? I worked in the PI squad in the flagship office of the Secret Service in New York. I know a lot about protective intelligence. Okay? There's a protective intelligence asset on the scene at every site.


The PI squad goes and interviews people who they think are potential assassins or threats. Why they didn't interview the guy roaming around in the field or got to 'em late or tried to get to 'em late. Ladies and gentlemen, I have no explanation outside of abysmal failure. I'm not trying to piss you off, I promise. But I'm gonna play for you about a 22nd clip from Fox and I'm pretty sure it's gonna piss you off. There is new reporting. I did not get this directly. I'm just playing you a Fox clip. I think they have pretty decent sources too. Fox News is now reporting that the parents notified hours in advance somebody that hey, their son could be a potential problem at the site.


So my question again for PI assets is where was the protective intel? Did you miss this? Was there a call made? Was there no call made? There was a apparently a notification in advance. Take a listen. We have just learned that the Trump rally shooter, Thomas Crook's parents were looking for him in the hours leading up to the shooting we're now told they eventually called law enforcement to report that crooks was missing And. they were worried And. they also were told those parents are now being cooperative now with authorities. But they gave them the heads up that something's going on with our son.


We are worried Folks. That call's gotta be documented somewhere to law enforcement. How did the protective intelligence squad or local law enforcement, how did they miss this? Again, the security failures are so legion and epic in a bad way. It's really hard to fathom the breakdowns. PI broke down the counter sniper response broke down. The security perimeter broke down. The comms broke down. When I look at the site from a former, from an expert, a guy who's done this, I was a lead advance agent on the president's detail for four and a half years. I can't find a single redeeming characteristic about what happened that day. I'm hearing another story. This one is, again, I can't confirm this.


I'll put it out there. We'll see. I'm hearing there was a request. If so, there'll be an email to document it for ballistic glass. And I'm hearing it was turned down because the stage couldn't support the weight. That'll come out in the wash with emails too. I mean, again, another potential failure. Also, a friend of mine reached out the armor on the stage that President Trump ducked below that had the bunting on it, right? That had the patriotic markings on it. Why was it not winged around the stage if you knew the threat was coming from the right, 'cause you had a building you couldn't secure. Why didn't you have a piece of armor there? I mean it's just folks, this is like, this is so amateur hour Charlie Brown encyclopedia that I'm personally offended like, gee, he's right that the director is even here.


There is no reason for you to be here right now. Put, send the deputy director here. I know him. Send him. He can walk around. You should be in headquarters right now asking all of these questions. Why no glass? Why no wings? Why no four man cat element. How did CS miss this? How did we miss the roof? How did we miss the perimeter? How did we miss the law enforcement call from the parents? I mean, I could give you a hundred more questions. Here's another one. A CNN report. This is this. Forget this guy's named John something, but he was a New York guy for a long time. Here's a CNN report that multiple people spotted this guy with the range finder folks, why would you be at a rally, a presidential political rally with a range finder if you didn't have ill will or intentions?


If, if, if again, if I'm missing something in the chat, please fill me in. Maybe You know. Maybe I'm optically blind, maybe I'm too much of an expert and I'm not seeing this stuff. I don't mean that to be a dick. I'm just telling you listen to this. But what they have developed is a lot of the background about what happened that day. They know that he went to his employer at the nursing home where he works as a dietary specialist before this and said, I need Saturday off. I have something important to do. But he told his coworkers, I'll see you on Sunday. So he changed his days off presumably for this. We also understand that when he got to the fair grounds where this rally was being held for Donald Trump, the first thing that puts him on the radar of security people is near the magnetometer area where they're screening people in.


He's carrying in his hand a rangefinder. It's a device that looks like a small pair of binoculars, but it's used by shooters to measure the distance when they're setting up a long distance shot because he didn't have a weapon that would not have prevented him to go to go through security. But they did flag. What does he have this in his hand for? Again, an absolute abject failure. Although I will correct something. I'm hearing he did not approach the magnetometer with the range finder. So we'll see. That'll come out in emails. I wanna address something here. It's important. Everybody ready in the chat? 'cause we read the chat. 'cause you matter because the show is for you and the show will always be for you.


But Ladies and gentlemen, you're mistaken. Me for someone else. I gotta tell you, I'm a little personally offended and I don't typically say that because I'm a, it's a professional show and I try to keep it on the level. But for the multiple individuals in the chat suggesting I'm obfuscating, it was an inside job. Are you serious? You have some evidence folks. I have this thing called the Bongino rule. It's for a reason. I don't put out shit without receipts. Could it have been some inside job? It's very suspicious that this guy's social media profiles disappeared. Absolutely. Do I discount that?


Not at all. but I'm gonna suggest to you in the chat and I mean it. Maybe you find a new show. I don't say things. I can't back up. I come out today and say to you because I want clicks. Dan Bonino, former Secret Service says it's an inside job. What evidence does he have? Oh, none. He just thinks it. Who gives a fuck? What? I think we almost lost the president. It only matters what I can prove. I don't have any evidence of that. That's why I told you in the beginning of the show about the theory. It was a mass casualty event. I said it was a theory because he's dead. We'll never be able to prove it. Is it a theory?


It was an inside job? Yes. The problem is, I have zero evidence of that. Does it mean it's not a viable possibility? No, but I'm telling you, find a new show. You want people to theorize all day. It was an inside job. How do You know that? I'm, I'm just guessing that's not what we do here. I'm an investigator. I give you evidence. Everything we've said has been correct. We have been at least 36 hours ahead of the news cycle. If we get something wrong like the timeline, we are gonna correct it. but I am never ever gonna put out to you something I can't prove it is irresponsible.


I have a position here that means something. I'm a former secret service agent. If I say it, the media's gonna pick it up. What if it turns out later it wasn't and it's wrong. Oh my bad. That's not the way any of this works. I'm sorry folks, but you want that. You gotta find a different show. This is not it. 'cause then you become a clown. Like these two idiots. Michael, cue this up. This is, these are two liberals, Kara Swisher and Sky. Scott Galloway on a podcast. You wanna be them here. They are making jokes. They think this whole thing is funny. They're like, oh, is it too soon? Too soon?


It's, there's never a time to think. This is funny. Biden's got covid. That's not funny. It's not a joke. He's got covid. He, there's nothing funny about this shit. Grow up, grow a pair of freaking balls on the left and recognize that this is an American tragedy and treat it with the appropriate freaking respect. What are you a bunch of children? I'm not doing that Here you lefty goons. Listen to this shit. These two goofballs laughing it up like this is some freaking joke. Check this out. There's A ridiculous series on both sides. The worst on the right, but Don don't know if you heard, but right before Meia gave her public statement, she was heard yelling into a phone.


You had one job too soon. Too Soon. No. I like a joke. I like, my favorite joke was from someone where they said it's let's, let's hope it's not a time traveler from the future who can't shoot. It was something like that. Anyway, Oh. no, I, the truth is, I mean the, the probably the most likely conspiracy theory is the Democratic Party ordered a hit. But they used Temo. Oh, they do that for it. They used tmo and it, Oh God. Alright, we'll stop with the jokes. I think that's funny. Think it's some big freaking joke folks.


listen man, I don't virtue signal 'cause that's, that's that. That's a cheap coward. Like stunt the president of the United States. Now Joe Biden as a security detail, I was a security agent for Barack Obama and President Bush and I did my freaking job. 'cause we're not a third world republic and we don't shoot our presidents, okay? And it is never funny. It's never ever funny. There's nothing even remotely comical about this at all. Not even a little bit. This is an obscene ridiculous. And the fact that assholes on the left cannot exit their ideological bubble for five minutes and realize how grossly inappropriate this is.


Do you think it's funny the secret service failed. I've got news for you dickhead. They're protecting your guy right now, Joe Biden. And I pray to God, my Lord and savior Jesus Christ, that nothing happens to President Biden at a site. Safety wise. That's not how we do business in this country. This is the proudest country in the history of the world. We don't whack a bunch of political leaders like a bunch of freaking third world morons and animals. That's not what we do. That's never, we're never gonna, none of this shit is funny. You think people on the right out there or Lyle Biden's got covid, he get that.


That's not funny. Kind of dumb motherfucker are you man, there's nothing funny about this shit. We got a country to save. Got a bunch of ass clowns out there. They're fucking heads outta their asses. Not funny. There's nothing funny about this. And again, I appreciate the backup in the chat and I'm here for you, but I'm always here for the truth. Receipts matter man, don't ever sacrifice your integrity for clicks or anything else or for dollars or for whatever because it's all you've got. And once you blow it, once you are done and once you blow it once and you don't apologize, your show is finished.


I wanna play this. This happened last night. The left is losing their minds. Van Jones was on CNN and You know, listen, I I I have a seat. I don't agree with Van Jones on just about anything, but it's interesting how the left is now the cannibalism, Dan Bonino cannibalism theory is coming true. I told you it's only a matter of time before they start to eat themselves alive. The left can never deal with one thing. And that's the truth. The truth is what hurts the left, right? We are on the side of truth no matter what we say what we can back up and we back up what we say. The Van Jones said something obvious last night in CNN and Keith Oberman, the guy who was cries pissed. He's losing his mind all over Twitter here. He said last night, this is just a fact, folks, Donald Trump got shot, got back up and Joe Biden right now is being beaten down by Covid.


There's nothing funny about it, but this is the left talking. Check this out. A bullet couldn't stop Trump. A virus just stopped. Biden, you've got the nominees of this party getting their butts kissed, Biden's getting his butt kicked by his own party. The Democrats are coming apart, the Republicans are coming together. Hey man, that's not me saying it, that's the left saying it. Okay? That's their own words. You left East can get mad at him all you want. Keith Oberman still crying, pissed, whatever he is doing, that's fine. But political campaigns are what folks chat.


Folks help me out. There's snapshots and soundbites. I'm sorry, but that's it. They are pictures. And, they are soundbites, period. And the side by side of of, of President Biden slowly making his way up the short steps of Air Force One, apparently Ill according to them, and now he's talking about potentially dropping outta the race. I'm gonna go over this more in tomorrow's show folks. I find it awfully convenient that he left an opening for, with an interview with the BET Black Entertainment Television that if a doctor told him to get out, he would get out. And then the next day we find out he has Covid. I'm not telling you he doesn't have Covid. I'm just telling you this is really bad timing for them. And I don't see the Biden campaign making it to the, making it to the convention at this point.


I just don't. I think he's gonna have to exit and the secret service director is gonna have to go with 'em. 'cause our political cover will all be gone. Ladies and gentlemen, we've got another special tonight. Anita and the Groins, if you could put it out there, 6:00 PM local. 7:00 PM Eastern. Our guest, is it Russell? Tonight gonna be Russell Bran tonight, who's here right now? This is gonna be a banger of a show. I'm gonna be doing it with Avita. So you're gonna love that. Make sure you check that. It's gonna be one of our best. Thanks to everyone who watched the Jack Po Soc, Mike Davis show last night. Please do us a favor. We added 20,000 new followers on Rumble. I so deeply appreciate it. It is the home for free speech. The Rumble team has been doing an amazing job at the rnc. It is Rumble dot com slash bonino. Click dot follow button. You can also download the Rumble app, which we we prefer, but that's up to you.


Also, give us a follow on Apple and Spotify. Something happened the other day. Thanks to you guys. I went to Spotify and folks, I'm gonna be candid with you, that's one of our weakest platforms. We're pretty heavy on Apple, we're great on video, great live stream, right? We were the number three overall show, I believe on Spotify, which is bananas. It's totally crazy. So thank you for giving us a follow on those platforms as well. We really appreciate it. Stay here for the radio show in a few minutes. Rumble dot com slash bonino. And again, we'll be back here tonight. 6:00 PM local 7:00 PM Eastern. Thanks for tuning in. See you in a few minutes. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.