
Hey there. Welcome to VINCE. Good to have you with us on a Wednesday. We got a lot of news to get to today. A psycho socialist just won up in New York City. Well, he won the Democrat primary, so usually that means you win the general election to become mayor in New York City. We'll explore the details of that. Also today, the threat from Iran, the sleeper cell threat. To what extent is that pre in the United States? We'll get into the details with Ron Vitiello. He was the former ICE director for President Trump, and now he's back working with customs and Border protection. Big conversation ahead with him. And also what's going on with this stuff from the media where they're claiming that You know, who's great.


Iran is great. You know, who didn't debilitate their nuclear program? Donald Trump. He didn't debilitate their nuclear program. We'll explore all of the claims the media are making right now and the slam dunk fest that the Trump administration is having on the press as we speak. That's all ahead on this episode, VINCE, great to have you with us. Best damn audience in media.


This show is brought to you by great sponsors that include Express, VPN, express, VPN. You know, encryption is a very powerful defensive weapon against a whole army who wanna invade your privacy on the internet and profit off of your personal information. Thankfully, you've got the right to defend your privacy with strong encryption using an app called Express, VPN. Now Express, VPN Encrypts and reroutes your internet connection through secure servers. And If you don't encrypt your connection like this, honestly, you're exposing your online activity to a host of data brokers who can legally sell your browsing history to whoever they want. But Express VPN has made it incredibly easy to shut all of these third parties out of your life. Express VPN works on every device and can even protect up to eight devices with one subscription. Encryption is a weapon, and it's one you've got the legal right to use for your own protection, but it's up to you to exercise that, right? If you decide to take action today, you can get four extra months of express VPN for free just by using my special link. Go to express vpn.com/ VINCE, that's express vpn.com/ VINCE, and you're gonna get four extra months free. Start protecting yourself today.


Yeah, a socialist just won the Democrat primary in the New York City mayoral race. In fact, we do have this update that comes to us today from standby. I'm messing up my computer here. We've got this, this update that comes to us today from Fox News that Andrew Cuomo has conceded in the New York City, Democrat primary for mayor that's over and congratulated the a OC endorsed ma ma, this fraudulent leftwing socialist psychopath. He's Ugandan born. He just became a citizen like yesterday, and he's for, as you see there, Fox says, free childcare.


He's for buses and to, and that is free buses and, and tuition freezes. And yeah, so he ends the election with 43% of the vote in this crazy primary. And so this guy's the winner. This, this crazy person. Ani is the winner. And it's a clear sign that New York City is irredeemable and we need to figure out a way to offload it. At this point. I wanna trade New York City for Greenland. We're, we're done. There's no saving the, the, the city, it's completely over. Now, now I'm overstating the case a little bit, but this is disheartening that the socialist guy wins. And his agenda is, as you probably know by now, it's, it's crazy.


Bill Milus captured some of this so well, he points out that some of the things that this guy actually stands for includes abolishing the New York City Police Department. He wants to abolish the NYPD, he wants to abolish prisons. No more prisons. So no more cops and no more prisons. Yeah, that makes sense. So If you, If you basically said there's no more law enforcement, what you say at that point is, Hey, crime, it's a free for all. Let's just go for that. He wants to abolish medical bills. In other words, no obligations whatsoever. Be as unhealthy as you want. You never have to pay for your own medical treatment. He wants to abolish private health insurance. You know, because when the government runs things, it's great. You know, go try, try doing this in any other country where they've got socialist medicine, you understand what happens.


You get wait times, you get crappy care. You don't get seen at all that you, you die while you're waiting for your chance to be seen inside of these healthcare facilities. Yeah, let's do that. He wants to ban all guns because, You know, why would, why should you be allowed to protect yourself as mayor? Of course, hell have armed protection whether or not they have the NYPD in his world. He wants to legalize sex work because that's what we need to do. We need to make New York a lot crappier and a lot more decadent. He wants so-called safe injection sites for New York City, which is another way of saying that he wants to enable more drug use. This guy is a Batman villain who is this person?


This is something, this is something out of like a comic book. Everything he's pursuing is more chaos and more desperation for New York City. He wants to end cash bail. That's right. He wants to get to a point where these, these people are just released right after they commit crimes right back onto the streets in no time. He wants to decriminalize drug possession because more drugs are better for New York City. He wants to end sentencing enhancements to again, get criminals out earlier. And he wants to end all court cooperation with immigration and customs enforcement. And that's just a short list of what this guy stands for. He's a lunatic. He is all of the left's, most incoherent theories wrapped into one human being.


Now, the Democrat nominee to become mayor in New York City. He's also for taxpayer funded transgender surgeries. He wants to arrest Benjamin Netanyahu when he arrives in New York. He wants to enforce the international criminal court arrest in that case, even though we have nothing to do with a stupid international criminal court that again, wields no power over the United States. This is what this dude stands for. And so it leads you, it leads you to a lot of things. One conclusion, of course, that you, you come up with is like, what the hell is wrong with New York City? How much, how bad does it need to get before you reject this type of moron, this type of person who's only gonna be more destructive?


It's so crazy. It's so crazy. The Chicago Tribune was writing this week that New York City shouldn't do this. The Chicago Tribune, they've got Brandon Johnson and their warning is, you want Brandon Johnson, you want a guy with a 6% approval rating because he's running this city even deeper into the dirt. Then you bring in this guy Zordon, or whatever the hell his name is, Zon Ani. Bring him in. Make him the guy. So where do we go from here? Well, a couple, a couple pieces to this. We do have some recognition that what's what's gonna happen next is we head towards a general election, of course, but we go to the general election. And this general election is, is interesting because it could be very chaotic.


Politico reports on this this morning that, that this field of course includes the Republican Curtis Lewa, great American loves his city, and wishes it was better. But not only is Lewa running again, you've got an independent by the name of Jim Walden who's gonna be on the ballot. This is for the November general election. Also, you've got Eric Adams, the current mayor who's running as an independent now because the left hates Eric Adams. Why does the left hate Eric Adams? Because Eric Adams stood up to the Biden administration and said, illegal immigration's bad for New York. Let's not do that anymore. That's what he did. And so the Biden administration turned around and they dropped federal charges on Eric Adams.


They, they imposed federal charges on Eric Adams in order to crush him. And it was only the Trump Justice Department who said, wait a second, this is a politicized hit job. This can't happen. And so they dropped those charges, they got rid of them, the ones that were against Eric Adams and, and now, And it, they were so silly too. It was like, oh, he took upgrades on, on flights, on Turkish flights. That's the charges. That's so crazy. So the Trump administration dropped him. They said, that's a political hit job. We'll get rid of him. The left hates Eric Adams because of that, and because he spoke up against illegal immigration. And so now he's gotta run it as an independent, he's been rejected by his own party.


And, and Andrew Cuomo, Andrew Cuomo, who just lost the Democrat primary, he's already saying that he wants to run in the general election, or at least he's been indicating heavily that he's going to. So this is a crowded field. So what could happen here? Well, what could happen is that these candidates consolidate a bunch of them drop out and we get a real option in New York to defeat Zordon. That would be good. That would be a good outcome. Or, You know, I was talking to a former New York City minority leader councilman yesterday, Joe Borelli about this on the radio show, and he pointed out Curtis Leewood could have a chance here. Like imagine If you got this many Democrats, a bunch of 'em now running as independents against Zordon.


And the general election is a very crowded ballot. This could be the rare opportunity for us to see another Republican elected as the mayor of New York City. You know, Lee Elden put up some numbers when, when he ran in New York, You know, it's possible for, for Republicans in New York to do, all right. You know, you think of Republicans in New York for Mayor Giuliani is the most famous and successful example. Bloomberg had to spend an unbelievable amount of money in order to become competitive running as a Republican. So that's not what Curtis Lewa has at his disposal. But the, the advantage that Sliwa has is one name id, he clearly has it. He's been doing it forever. He is, he's a well known figure in New York politics. He loves the city, which I think is, You know, a prerequisite to actually being the mayor of the city, you would hope.


And then the other piece is the field's very crowded. You know, you got Eric Adams in there, you got, you got Andrew Cuomo in there, you got Zordon, and you've got Jim Walden, this other independent who's got a lot of money. So, You know, we'll, we'll see. So, so again, at this moment, I'm kinda withholding my final judgment about which way this should go. If all these guys should drop out or if the field should stay crowded. I'd like to hear more from Curtis Lewa about this, but, and maybe we'll have 'em on, we'll talk about it. But, but there you go. We, we, the crazy socialist is, is the guy in New York City. And I, and I'll say one last thing on the actual vote for this dude that really stands out to me that that should stand out to everybody. Look at the statistics here on who voted the votes.


The votes for Zon here come from the wealthy, the Middle class, and the wealthy in New York City. So by median income, 50,000 to a hundred thousand dollars, maam, Donny wins by 6% yesterday for over $100,000. Anybody making six figures or more? He won that group by over 13 points. Mam, Donny won. Meanwhile, Andrew Cuomo won the under 50,000 crowd by 19 points. That's the biggest margin out of those three subsets. Now, what does the story here, what does this tell you? Well, it tells you that Ma Donny is not some sort of worker's socialist.


He's an elitist jerk supported by elitist jerks. He has nothing to do with helping the little guy, and the little guy doesn't want him in New York. So, as you hear this story and, and a OC is out there pushing it, you can see a lot of lefties pushing it today that, oh, this is about fighting for the working class. That's why he won. This is a new change and blah, blah, blah. This guy was supported by the elites, by the biggest possible margin imaginable, filthy, rich. Democrats said, give give the people more chaos. This is, what do they call this? Suicidal empathy? Suicidal empathy, where you see a guy like this and he's saying, oh, I'm gonna help the little guy. And the rich people think, oh, he is gonna help the little guy.


Let's bring him in. And instead, he savages the little guy. He destroys the little guy. Socialist grocery stores. Are you kidding me? That's what he wants for New York City. And so the people who are actually fighting to get by in, in a very expensive city to begin with, very expensive city, they don't want a piece of this guy at all. They don't want their lives to be upended. They don't want their lives to be destroyed. They'd rather go with the corrupt crat. They, they, they preferred Andrew Cuomo, the guy who was putting sick people in nursing homes and getting 'em killed. They'd rather have that guy than Zoan. So that's the, that's the update today out of outta New York is, it's crazy. And it matters a lot because this is our biggest city. This is our biggest city in, in the United States of America.


And it's a clear sign that the mental illness that is liberalism is still with us. It's still in the body politic of the United States. So we've got that today. Speaking of that mental illness and, and how it's, how it's manifesting itself. The left is angry that President Trump succeeded with Iran and Israel this weekend. They're furious about this. They hate it. They hate it. And they, they've been attacking the president as long as he's been in politics. But just the, the idiocy over the last few weeks has been really, really remarkable. Let me, let me share with you what is going on yesterday. CNN whips out this report claiming that the president and his administration and the American military didn't actually disable the Iranians.


That we didn't disable the Iranian nuclear program. That this thing is, You know, it's just really only setback by a couple of months. And there's no big deal. There's nothing, nothing big going on here. And let me share with you, among the reporters on the byline on this crazy story is a woman called Natasha Bertrand. And she went on television yesterday, right away af as this story was breaking cut nine, here's Natasha Bertrand claiming that, yeah, the Iranian nuclear program, it's basically totally fine. The American military sucks at its job. Here's CNN Based on a battle damage assessment that was carried out by US Central Command, essentially looking at the images and looking at what was actually damaged. The Defense Intelligence Agency has assessed that the core components of Iran's nuclear program are largely intact, and that Iran's nuclear program has essentially only been set back by months.


Now, we presented this information to the White House for comment and White House Press Secretary, Carolyn Levitt, did acknowledge the existence of this assessment. But she said in a statement that the administration disagrees with it. She said, this alleged assessment is flat out wrong and was classified as top secret, but was still leaked to CNN by an anonymous low level loser in the intelligence community. The leaking of this alleged assessment is a clear attempt loser to demean President Trump and discredit the brave fighter pilots who conducted a perfectly executed mission to obliterate Iran's nuclear program. Everyone knows what happens when you drop 14, 30,000 pound bombs perfectly on their targets. Total obliteration now 14, 30,000 bombs.


So let's just, just, let's do some very basic math here. Let's just do some very basic math. So you get seven B two stealth bombers, they fly halfway around the planet in a tightly orchestrated and dramatically supported by, by every level of the military operation that goes flawlessly. They hit targets with precision with 14, 30,000 pound bunker buster bombs that penetrate hundreds of feet underground in a mission that they've been training for for many years. This, this concept of how do we disable the Iranian nuclear sites is not a recent development. The American military has been dwelling on this and training for this for a very long time.


And it wasn't until President Trump authorized the mission that they could finally do it. And they did it. They did it with perfection. They did it without a single shot being fired towards them. You know, If you were taking incoming fire and attempting to drop bombs, you would think, well, maybe that would be a circumstance where you may be a little bit off target. Nothing like that happened. The Iranians didn't fire a shot as these planes were entering or leaving the country. We had advanced fighter jets flying out ahead of these stealth bombers in disabling anti-aircraft systems to make all of this possible. We had submarines, nuclear submarines, firing Tom Hawk missiles into Iran to support this mission disabling, in particular three nuclear sites that are involved in enrichment and development of nuclear weapons.


Every element of this was well coordinated, well time and well done. You really think they would do a half-ass job when they arrived. You really think that mission would result in a, well, we sort of might have done something that it was a shot in the dark. It's so crazy. So of course, just beginning with that logic, it doesn't make any sense whatsoever. And so, CNN comes out with this, this reports of, of this classified information that says it could just be months before they rebuild their nuclear program. Now, a couple things. One, that what they're not telling you in this report is that that assessment is only of one intelligence agency out of 18 of them.


Yet all of these intelligence agencies, they do make assessments with varying degrees of certainty. This assessment is low confidence. In other words, that might be the case. And also it involves a range of time. Months is on the low end of a low confidence assessment from a single intelligence agency, And it stretches it up two years in its maximum assessment. And so they're, what they're doing is they're deceiving you right away with this, with this information in an effort to try and make it seem like Trump did all of this. This is very risky. And it was for nothing.


It was for nothing. The Iranians are now just months away from getting their nukes back up and running. And it's also an invitation as, as always from the establishment for we need more war, we need more strikes on Iran, we need more chaos. Settle down. Natasha Bertrand, I wanna say something about her and who she is. Not only is she a CNN reporter who's carrying water for the deep state and whoever it is who's leaking to her, but she's been a political reporter who previously carried water for the deep state. Take a look at this. If I fellas If you could pull my screen up here. This is Caroline Levitt sharing this. Remember this headline from Politico Hunter Biden's story is Russian disinformation.


Dozens of former Intel officials say, remember that story? Guess whose name is on the byline? Who was that? Who was that? Oh, look at that. Natasha Bertand. The same person, the very same person who carried water for the deep state, who the very same person who carried water for an election rigging scheme in 2020 to claim that a Hunter Biden's laptop was not authentically his, that it was a Russian op, that it was disinformation, that the Biden family wasn't corrupt.


That they weren't taking millions of dollars, that the contents of the laptop were rigged in order to steal the election for Donald Trump. This was an election rigging scheme. And Natasha Bertrand was, its willing handmaiden. That's what actually happened. And here we go again. Here we go again with this lady where all of a sudden she's telling us, oh, the Iranian mission didn't work. We need to go back to war with Iran. That's the only way to stop this. How about, no, how about, no, Steve Woff was actually involved in the negotiations for all of this, and he went on television last night. I've got some really important clips from him.


You've gotta hear from Steve Woff because he's like, this is crazy. We've got, we genuinely disabled this nuclear program. It was an amazing mission. And Steve Woff will, will give us all the details, the actual details about what went down. We'll get to that in just a moment.


I gotta thank our, our sponsors. Bone charge, bone charge, infrared sauna blanket and red light Face mask are amazing products. I love the sauna blanket. It helps me with muscle recovery. Detoxification has being been a total game changer in my life. Easy to use. You just wrap yourself up. Let that infrared heat work its magic. And I've noticed a real difference for me in how I relax and rejuvenate when and how I feel afterward. It's awesome. My wife, she loves that red light face mask. It's impressive. She uses it every night. It helps her skin's texture. This thing reduces inflammation. It creates fantastic results. It's like having a mini spot treatment right at home. Now, if you're thinking about trying these out, you're in luck. Head to bone charge.com. That's BON charge.com. Use the code VINCE at checkout and you'll get 15% off. Both of these products have made a huge impact on me and my wife and our wellness routines. I'm sure you're gonna love 'em too. Use the code VINCE at bone charge.com and save 15% baby BON charge.com Promo code. VINCE, these statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


Speaking of disease, I got a cough. I'm recovering. I don't know what this is. You know how like you start to feel sick, like you get this little something, something's going on, You know, you're like, oh crap, it's coming, it's coming. I got that like two days ago. I started feeling like this. I'm feeling a lot better now, thank God. And I, I'll just give you my, my quick rotation of things that I do. As soon as I start feeling this way, one zinc, I just start popping zinc like crazy. All the, all the zinc, I dissolve all that. Zinc two, Dan Bonino, Dan to his great credit, Dan told me, he goes, Hey, if you're ever feeling sick, especially something that's like nasal, he told me, he said, get the the red light speaking of red light therapy.


He said, get the red light nostril thing. They sell these things, these like nostril devices. You just, you literally, you just plug 'em into your face, just two, two little prongs. You turn the red light on and just blast for like, I think it's like 10 or 15 minutes. It turns off the second it's done, but whatever, it's 10 or 15 minutes and he goes, it'll nuke it, it'll nuke whatever's up there. I was like, really? That really works. He swears by all right, I'm all in. And so I think I've done it now. I think this is my third time that I've had this experience where I'm like, I'm starting to feel sick and I've popped that bad boy in it. I, I don't know. I mean, look, it's kind of non falsifiable. Like maybe my body defeated this thing on its own, but it seems to be working. Whatever it is, it seems I feel a lot better today.


I'm, I'm hacking a little bit, but either that or Dan's trolling me, Dan just trolled me into, into popping, You know, random red light therapy out my nose and yeah. Yeah, that'll work. No, I actually think it does though. I think it's, I think it's doing good. Anyway, thank you to Dan. Dan's still taking care of me. I appreciate that, bro, brother. Thank you. Okay, let me, let me get into what's going on here though. I've got, I've got Steve Woff going on television to dunk and all these crazy people who are saying that, oh no, the Iranian nuclear program didn't suffer any damage at all. It'll be back in like a couple days. Really? I don't think so. Actually, here's Steve Woff last night on the Fox News channel cut eight talking about, yeah, we devastated these things.


Look, So your your conclusion tonight, seeing what you've seen is that Iran could not resume its nuclear enrichment program within a matter of months. It's not even, not even conceivable the conversion, destroying of the conversion facility, which not a lot of people are aware of. That is, that stops the enrichment process in the beginning and it's needed to finish the enrichment process. Once you get to 90%, you that now must metalize the materials, shape it into a round ball, round metallic ball. That round metallic ball goes into the bomb without conversion.


You can't begin enrichment and you can't end enrichment in a successful weaponization that was taken out. I love Steve Woff describing how to make a nuclear weapon. I was like, well easy Steve, don't, don't give us any more details. You know, don't share too much. You know, everybody wants to make these nukes. But yeah, look, he says, look, we devastated this place. We took it out. We, we took out their ability to do the conversions they need to do. We took out the enrichment facilities, we caved in these locations. No chance here. No chance that they're coming back online in just a couple of days or weeks or months or whatever the left is trying to sell you here in order to induce you into all out war with Iran.


That's what the spirit of all of this is. How do we get President Trump into war? They wanna suck him in. And he refuses to play that game. Refuses his job was to disable their ability to make nukes. He did. Now he got them into a peace deal, check, check. And now he's trying to make sure everything works out. He's overseas right now in nato and, and even there he is having a big success. He convinced these NATO countries to pay 5% each, 5% each in their GDP for their defense spending. Because he's like, why am I taking care of everything? Why is the United States paying the bill for every single one of these countries? How does that make any sense? How about you start coughing up some money on your own?


And once again, just like you did in Trump, in term one, he's gotten NATO countries to pay more. So that's good news. But on this, this issue of, of what's going on with Iran and how disabled it is, and not only do you hear from Steve Woff saying this, but we're also hearing this morning from the president's cabinet to include people like Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth saying, yeah, no, this thing was, was knocked out. Now here's the good news, speaking of Dan Bonino, who I was just mentioning a moment ago who gave me great recommendations on nose lasers. They, they're, they're investigating the leaks here for and the FBI, they're investigating the criminal leak that's going on here. The treasonous leak of classified information that's designed not to inform the public of some pressing concern, but instead in an attempt to try and embarrass President Trump.


Yeah, that needs to stop. And so the FBI is according to top officials conducting a criminal investigation now into who leaked this and what follows after you find that person always. And it should be criminal charges, criminal prosecution for leaking this low confidence report that, again, is being released to try and to hurt the president and try and drive us into war. And no, and I don't know about you, Chad, you falling for this garbage. I mean, Come on. How could you fall for this after you've been through this? How many times, how many times these deep state operatives, what did I say? I said it earlier this week. We were talking to kt McFarland trying to assess all of this. And I, and I asked her about this, I was like, and what, what are the chances that the president has conquered the deep state problem?


'cause that's, as You know, always the big one when he was in office the first time. And certainly again, now we're seeing some of that. And she said, she, she answered like, look, it's a lot better now in terms of they put the right people in place. They got a lot of good leaders in place who are not working against the president. But you start going down that totem pole, you start getting down deeper into those organizations and there's clearly deep state actors who are there and they need to be buried out. They need to start buried out. They need to be dug out from the roots and, and, and they need to have consequences imposed upon them. So I hope Dan and Cash are breathing down their necks right now and We got real criminal charges coming for people who are leaking against the president of the United States and against the interest of the American people.


It's a big deal. Yeah. Ron Dock says Dan doesn't lie. Use the nose laser. VINCE, I feel the same way, Ron. I feel the same way. And Ron Dock is a doc, so he would know. Thanks. Thanks Ron Dock. Okay, coming up. Ron Vitiello is gonna be joining us. He is the former ice director as well as the, the current advisor. He's an advisor for Customs and Border Protection. The guy knows what he's talking about. And you wanna talk about Iran. What about the sleeper cell threat in the country? How many Iranian nationals are here? We've got some updates on arrests of Iranian nationals. We have a lot to get into. That's all coming up in just a moment on VINCE.


But first gotta thank the sponsors that includes Blackout Coffee. Thank you to Blackout Coffee for being a great sponsor of this program. John is the owner of Blackout and he is the real deal. He built blackout coffee from the ground up. He doesn't compromise, he doesn't compromise on quality, he doesn't compromise on values. This is America First Coffee and it's roasted fresh right here in the United States. There's no woke nonsense. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as You know, blackout Coffee has been the official coffee of everybody here at Silver Lock. So, You know, this is a brand that stands for the right values. And candidly, it is a delicious cup of coffee. That is, as much as I love your values, you also have to be a good cup of coffee. That's a requirement for me because I drink so much black coffee. It's ridiculous. Blackout coffee is perfect. Here's the deal. John is gonna hook you up as well. You want a good cup of coffee? Head over to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE, use the code, VINCE, that's VINCE. And you're gonna get 20% off your first order. Whether you like whole Bean ground or even instant coffee that doesn't suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE, use the code VINCE, and you get 20% off your first order. Baby Blackout coffee. Love it.


Also, sponsoring this program, and I'm appreciative of everybody who supports us, is Jacked Up Fitness, Jacked Up Fitness. Now I will say being a bit under the weather for the last 48 hours, can I make this admission? Am I allowed to say this? I feel like I'm, I'm weak for doing this. I haven't been on my Jacked Up Fitness machine and I'm missing it. I need to get back into it. I'm feeling just better enough today that I'm gonna go, I think I'm gonna get home and I'm gonna bang out like a thousand dips just to, to start feeling good again. Yeah. And in fact, the, the Jack of my Jacked Up Fitness machine has got these dip attachments just really easy. You slip 'em on and bam, you're, it's a great workout. It's a great workout. You know, more and more Americans are prioritizing their wellness and getting back in shape. Studies actually do prove that strength training does a lot to help burn fat a lot more to help burn fat than just cardio alone. And Don and the team Jacked Up Fitness, they're just the best. They've got an all-in-one home gym that's it's best in class and they've got their all new X series, which elevates this to a whole new level. You know, the Power Rack Pro X functional trainer lets you do hundreds of exercises. Basically everything you used to do at the gym, all from the comfort of your own spare room or garage. It's amazing. It really is. So convenient and, and you'll just be working on this thing like crazy. This absolutely stunning machine features a completely upgraded cable crossover system with articulating pulley arms. It gives you unlimited width combinations to hit every muscle group. And if you're new to strength training, they got a free get jacked up program. It's got full body video workouts, simply press play and follow along. So no more excuses. I'm getting fit and you should too. Let's do this together. Go to get jacked up.com. Sign up for their free training program and when you're ready to purchase your own Power Rec Pro X, use my Promo code VINCE and you will save 10% at checkout. That's get jacked up.com Promo code VINCE.


Alright, happy to have joining us now, customs and Border Protection Advisor and former acting ice director Ron Vitiello is in the house. Ron, good to have you with us, sir. Thank you for doing this today. Delighted to be on. Thank you. Obviously got a lot of work going on trying to round up all the illegals who are here in the country and trying to keep this border secured. Give us the latest, what's the most pressing thing that Customs and Border Protection is dealing with this week? Well, we obviously with events in the world, You know, the, the vigilance of the men and women of the frontline, the information that they need to operate successfully in the risky environments, which they find themselves ha, takes on a different precedence today. Right?


So we've done a really good job in a very short amount of time since January 20th, 2025 to increase surveillance activity, access, and barriers at the southwest border. That physical border is in better shape than it's ever been in my entire career. I've been around this work for 40 years. So about a 95 to 99% drop in illegal crossings at the southwest border, which gives the agents on the front line about a hundred percent more capability. 10,000 troops from the heroes at Department of Defense, standing side by side, helping gain that access to the border, fortifying the wall, and standing side by side with the agents as they do their work.


So it's very difficult for someone to cross the border now. And also the consequences are much higher than they used to be. You're most likely to be prosecuted. The acceptance rate from the US Attorney's office across the borders is about 95%. And so people get arrested, they get prosecuted in federal court, and there are two, soon to be four military designated areas along the southwest border, near Santa Teresa, New Mexico, near El Paso, Texas. And soon to come online the, the Barium Goldwater range in Yuma, Arizona. So if someone is unlucky enough to note, not notice the signs that those are being marked out as military areas, they'll cross the border illegally be charged with that.


And they will be also be charged with crossing into a military designated area without permission of the commander. That's a felony offense first time. And so If you cross the border now, you're likely to be apprehended, you will most likely be prosecuted, and in either case you will be removed back to your home country quite quickly. Wow, that's fascinating. So I, I know that when you enter the United States originally, If you, If you illegally enter for the first time, it's considered a civil violation. Once you do it again, it's a felony illegal reentry. But what you're, what you're stipulating is that the more areas we designated as military protected areas in the border, we actually increase the chances that you're gonna be slapped with a felony immediately, regardless of when you illegally enter, right?


Yeah, that's correct. It is a federal crime as well. So the immigration system is set up on the civil administrative style, but it is a federal crime to cross the border even the first time. And then If you do it again, of course it's a felony. And then now on top of that you have the felony, if it's in, it's in one of the designated military areas. And so that has reduced traffic in, in dramatic ways. Mexico is now the single largest contributor to illegal migration at the southwest border. It has not been that way and probably over a decade. And so things are a lot better at the physical borders, especially in the southwest border. Increased activity in the northern and coastal areas 'cause the agents have more time on task to to be out there.


That's true on the southern border as well. And then we're helping ICE in the interior with the largest deportation efforts ever. We've got about 600 people in Los Angeles since the, the disruption there. And so we're continuing to advance and yeah, and so you think about, You know, I worked in the interior for a couple of years early in my career and we made a lot of arrests. But now If you get arrested, it's really, really hard for you to come back. There's no more revolving door at the border. The nonsense of the Biden chaotic border is over and now we're moving on. It needs to be su sustained. There's still more work to do, but it looks pretty good so far. Okay, so the word has clearly gotten out. I mean, there are so many foreign nationals who are not even trying to take a run at our border anymore because they know that it is pretty airtight.


Who's the kind of person who's still making a run at our border at this point, given the limited number of even attempts? What kind of people are trying to get into the country at this at this point? I feel like it varies. It's people who are not informed about the consequences that they face. I also think it's people that you might not have a different opportunity in their lives or they're probing. You know, the cartels are probably regularly sending people to see if they can find out where the weaknesses are. One thing I forgot to mention also, like in the interior of the United States, people are now required to register, if they're in the country illegally, they have to register with DHS. And if they don't do that, they're subject to criminal penalties, including financial fines. And then there's also the CBP Home app, which has been converted from the nonsense of the Biden administration.


So people can go into that application, they can raise their hands and ask for assistance to obtain a travel document, travel arrangements, and even a stipend if they go home voluntarily. Let's talk about the threats that are inside of the country right now. We heard from the borders are Tom Holman over the weekend, that over 1200 Iranian nationals were not only in the country, but released into the country by the Biden administration. That doesn't include the god aways of which there are over 2 million that came in during the Biden era. We just can't tell who's here and who's not. Give us a picture of the Iranian threat as you're aware of it that exists in the United States today.


So level said, we all know that Iran, for at least the last 50 years, has not been a good influence in their own country. You know, the mullahs there, the Islamists, they haven't helped that country at all. You know, the proud Persian people are suffering under their regime, but they've also been a malign actor around the world. Gaza, Lebanon name, Yemen name, the place they're, they're trying to disrupt it. And so that includes the United States, as you said, You know, several thousands of arrests at the southwest border of people from Iran that the secretary himself, Myorca said that 85% of everything that we caught at the southwest border during the Biden administration was released into the United States.


And I'm quite sure there is at least a handful, if not more, You know, hundreds of people from Iran who have been sent here directly to malign and disrupt like they do in other parts of the world. And so the entirety of the US law enforcement community, including the front and line state and local, have been informed that because of what's going on in the world, especially with Iran, that we need to be more vigilant. We're sending out information, the teams in, in many of the cities are focused specifically on this threat, but it is a threat. And so people need to be vigilant and they need to be aware and they need to, You know, talk to their state and locals or the FBI, the D-H-S-H-S-I, if they see something out of the ordinary in their communities.


And so we are focused on that, we're focused on the intelligence that helps us do that and then find the folks that were released into the country over the last four years. So I know that the DHS, the Department of Security released some guidance over the weekend indicating concern about threats that Iranians pose both in the form of cyber attacks as well as here in the United States domestically. So you, are you telling me that like customs and border protection agents, border patrol agents as well as ice officials are, were they given guidance on, hey, you need to be on the lookout specifically for Iranian threats? Yeah, so we're, the interior operation, the largest deportation effort ever in the US was focused on the worst of the worst because of the things that are happening in the world.


You know, Iran was always on that hot, the the top part of the target list, their number one for the next couple of weeks until the cessation of the, the military actions and the threat is, is relieved around the world and certainly in the us Yeah, they, they're, they're on the radar of all the frontline that's out there contributing to the deportation efforts. We did just get an update this week that ICE has arrested 11 Iranian nationals who all had criminal records or suspected terrorist ties here in the United States. They've been living here illegally and one of the Iranian nationals, lemme see, one immigration, sorry, ICE agents arrested a US citizen as well as alleged, who has alleged to have harbored one of the Iranian nationals and threatened to quote, shoot ice officers in the head.


A, according to the Department of Homeland Security, so clearly ICE as you, as you point out, Ron Vilo is making a commitment to arresting these Iranian nationals and starting with the threats who are here. My guess is that that's gonna continue 100%. Like I said, they've moved, they've moved to the top of the list as far as targeting the worst of the worst along all over the country. And you'll, and you'll notice in those reports, it's not just Los Angeles, it's not the big cities. There's small towns in Alabama, Mississippi, et cetera. So these, that this risks, the risks exist all over the country. And so the, the, the frontline knows full well how to do this work and they're engaged in it on behalf of the American people in making America safe again.


I wanna ask you about the risks that ice agents and border patrol agents face here in the United States. And it's not just from the illegals that they're attempting to take into custody. There are a lot of Democrat officials who are framing these very law enforcement officials as the bad guys. We've got any number of people to include the leader of the Democrats, Hakeem Jeffries in the house, saying that there's something villainous about ice agents wearing masks as they do their jobs. Can you reflect on that for us? Ron Video, you, you ran ICE for a time, you're now of course working as an advisor for Customs and Border protection. What do you make of these democrats who are consistently attacking law enforcement for again, merely doing its job?


This is a very concerning aspect of the culture. You know, the in, in media today, the cops are sometimes the bad guys or they have to do terrible things to do their jobs. And the people in the house like Hakeem Jeffries calling out agents who were doxed, whose families were threatened in the United States, who are facing a 500% increase in assaults since January 20th, 2025, and him somehow calling them the bad guys. You know, IE exists based on legislation that was passed in the United States in the aftermath of nine 11. It was created on behalf of the American people to take these threats out of our communities as CBP was, was constructed to protect us at our physical borders, land, sea, and air.


And for politicians like Hakeem Jeffries to call them the bad guys, just tells you kind of where we're going in society. You know, this is a guy that has been in the house, I'm gonna guess he's been there a dozen years or more, You know, he funds ice, he, he puts money, You know, in appropriations bills and votes Yes for them, You know, to paid his salaries of those men and women to pay for the equipment that they use to pay for the detention centers and the immigration courts. And somehow it's not legitimate when Donald Trump is in charge. But all of those times and all of those bills and all of the votes that he took was legitimate. It's, it's, it's wrongheaded as he would say. And, and we deserve better leadership in the United States. But, and it's not merely that they're offering some sort of criticism of the way a particular law enforcement action is done.


The, these Democrats are referring to ice officers as Nazis, Eric Swalwell and the mayor of Boston, Michelle Wu, Tim Walls, the former vice presidential candidate, Minnesota governor. They're saying things like these ice agents are the Gestapo that they're, that they're Nazis. I mean, Ron Vello, this is on a completely different, and I would say disgraceful level than merely criticizing a singular decision about how to conduct law enforcement. I, I agree with you. They should be condemned for those words. And if they really wanna reflect on what, what actually is being done by these frontline per they at great risk, they're going out and trying to find criminals and illegal aliens that are across the country doing terrible things to Americans.


We see the record of people who are in the country illegally and commit criminal acts. And, and those politicians standing up for them is not only contrary to to law, it's a disservice to the, the frontline. It took an oath for all of us to protect us all. And so yes, they deserve our condemnation. You know, the left is trying to succeed in this propaganda that coming across the border illegally is somehow not a crime and is somehow not in the, in is somehow in the interest of the United States to ignore that activity. Well, guess what happens when you ignore that activity? You get a hell of a lot more of it like we did when Joe Biden was the president. And it's not good for our society overall. It's not good for the sovereignty of the United States, And it causes other problems within the society.


And these propagandists, including these politicians, should know better and how the law works and they shouldn't take the frontline to task for merely doing their jobs. Okay, so what, here's the thing that I want people to take away from this, and If you could add some character to this color to this, I'd appreciate it. Because you mentioned a 500% increase in assaults on ice officers, which is horrifying. I know border patrol agents for years have already to had to deal with the problems on the front lines when they're trying to protect our border. They're constantly under threat from all sorts of attacks. You know, what does this mean in real life for these, these ice agents? What are they dealing with? Because it seems to me like, You know, these Democrats, they stand up in front of microphones and they say these ridiculous abhorrent things about ice of agents who they don't know and whose lives they're upending.


What does that look like in real life, Ron Vello? Well, it makes what is already a dangerous and risky profession a lot harder to do. You know, they're, they're giving license for the Antifa types and the radical activists and the people who want to get in the way of legitimate law enforcement activity. So these agents have to stay in bigger groups. You've, we've had, we have to see them cover their faces to do their jobs in the United States. It makes a dangerous job much more risky for them. And, and it's, it's unnecessary. These are laws that are on the books. They have been for decades, this frontline swore and took an oath for us to do the work that they've been assigned. And they do it with great restraint.


They do it with great professionalism, but we want 'em to be safe. And these politicians need to tone down the rhetoric or change the law. They have a choice here. Guys like Hakeem Jeffries can set the agenda in the house, at least on his side of the aisle. He shouldn't be taking to task the frontline who are just doing their jobs. He should be taking to task the radicals in his, including him and the words that it they use to describe law enforcement professionals in the United States. He's awful. He's a, he's a malignant dimwit that guy. And he really should be more careful, but of course he won't be. Let me ask you about mass deportations in the, in the likeliness that we're gonna see an uptick in the pace there. That's clearly the President's goal. That's Stephen Miller's goal. That's Tom Holman's goal.


They wanna get to 3000 minimum deportations a day. We heard from Holman recently that we're up past 2000 a day now. Can you give us a sense of the progress towards that and then what difference that big beautiful bill will make to assisting in that effort? So I think the efforts to scale up the addition of the CBP resources, all of that is to the good. They're still a little bit limited on the number of detention beds that are available. And that matters. You take in too many people, you don't have enough place to put them. That's always a challenge for the men and women of the front line at ice. And so they're gonna scale up these operations, they're gonna continue to do more. It really isn't a numbers game. They really wanna work on the threats as they go down.


But we all do want them to scale up and do more. That will require resources. So when you talk about the bill that's being contemplated now in the Senate, it will sustain what we've done on the physical border. It will add infrastructure and access to the border. And in the interior it will give ice more flexibility with the detention beds that they need. They'll be able to put more teams out on the ground. They'll be able to en engage in these 2 87 G agreements all over the country, which they've greatly increased, but they can put fuel on that fire to continue to do it well and scale up so they can do more. Yeah. And the 2 87 G programs being local support for immigration enforcement, which is really helpful. You know, as opposed to sanctuary cities, which is a complete disaster.


You know, ICE officers are a part of this package. The, the goal is to increase the, the size of ice dramatically again to pursue these mass deportations. What's the status of recruitment for these agencies? How, how have things changed in terms of morale and how many people are actually applying to get these jobs nowadays? Yeah, well I've never seen morale higher at CBP on the front line. They've finally been given the tools that they need to succeed. They always knew how to help better control the border and hold people to account for illegal entry. And, and so they are, the morale is way up. Recruitment has doubled in CBP I'm sure it's the same for ice. And as these resources come forward in the, in the bill, they'll be able to do more of that.


So recruitment on the, on the federal side is up. It certainly is at CBP, we're eager for that. We need more boots on the ground. Ice needs mu many more boots on the ground for them to continue to be successful in these operations. Okay. And then lastly, as it relates to border protection, the bill also includes multiple layers of border barriers across the navigable portions of our border. Meaning, in other words, every navigable portion of our border will be, will have a barricade as soon as this bill is passed. And, and, and we can get it constructed. That'll be in the form of pedestrian barriers and barriers in the water, in the Rio Grande, all sorts of things.


How much of a difference maker, sir, will that make to have those layered barriers to try and to prevent people from getting into the country? Everywhere the wall is placed, You know, is put down is part of the enforcement zone. It, it, it allows the agents to work safer. So walls work. The agents know what the data proves out for it. And so adding barriers to the river, adding pedestrian barrier on the land border, having two barriers in some locations, what it does is it slows down, it makes the people who are gonna continue to try and cross make a different calculus. You saw this tunnel that they've, they've discovered in San San Diego area before it was completed, exit in the us It forces the smuggling, cartels, the criminals and the bad guys to make other means to try and cross the border.


So they'll try to go over these barriers, they'll try to go under them, they'll try to come out into the flanks in places like Brownsville and near San Diego, California. But that gives our agents more time, more capability. It's an anchor for technology across the border. And so it just makes the border safer for them to operate, makes them more effective. And it causes the bad guys to have a different calculus. They just can't walk across the border and when they're confronted, run back into Mexico. So these barriers are not in and of themselves the final solution, but they do help anchor what can be done more successfully over time in a lot of the geography on the southwest border, And they're a durable policy. It's a lot harder to get rid of a wall than to just, You know, rescind an executive order or something.


So that that means the Democrats are, are in charge again. It's gonna be harder to get rid of that big barrier that, that big beautiful barrier that'll come outta that big beautiful Bill Ron Ello. Thank you, sir. It's so nice to talk to you again and appreciate your update on a very important mission. Good to talk to you today. Thank you. Ron Ello is great. He's just great. So that, that was wonderful. Thank you for that. Okay. While we were chatting here, also happening overseas, the president of the United States has been doing a press conference standing alongside the Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth, as well as the Secretary of State, Marco Rubio. And he was just asked moments ago by NBC's Kelly O'Donnell about this ridiculous report suggesting that the, the, the American military didn't really take out the Iranian nuclear program at all.


And here's how things are mixing up overseas right now. Here we go. Here's another one. Hello sir. Thank you very. We got 'em all today. Okay, So Mr. President, you talked about expecting some on the ground assessments at four O and other sites. Yeah. Now here, here Is that here Israeli and us. It's, It's been obliterated Kelly, it's been ob, it's obliterated. What is your message then, sir, to the intelligence community when they present reports? You're not disputing the DIA report. You're just, They presented a report that wasn't finished. We're talking about something that took place three days ago. I understand. That's our Assessment. The report was done. So what days ago? Wait a minute.


Yes. They didn't see it. All they can do is take a guess. Now If you take a look at the pictures, If you take a look how it's all blackened, You know the fire and brimstone is all underground because it's granite And it's all underground. You don't show it. But even there, with all of that being said, the whole area for 75 yards around the hole where it hit is black with fire. The group that's run by this gentleman, in fact, you may want to talk about it for a second 'cause we're gonna issue a report. And I think it's not even a very exciting report at this point. It's been obliterated. Totally obliterated. And they did a report, but it was like, If you look at the dates, it's just a few days after it happened.


Understood, sir. So they didn't see it. They said it may be very severe. Understood. Do you have a message for the intelligence community though, in terms of unvarnished information getting to you that it's not, I don't really have a message. I would say issue the report when You know what happened. I wouldn't say that it could be severe or maybe not. They used the word severe, prosecute The leakers. It could be severe or maybe it's not. And briefly so people like you picked up and said, oh, it's not severe. We're just going for the, the report was not a, a complete report. Yeah. The message was probably wait till You know the answer before you, sir. Did You not? Yeah. Have a public component to your zelensky meeting for a tactical let Says answer the, Let him answer This question.


Hello Mr. Secretary. Yeah. There's a reason the president calls out fake news for what it is. These pilots, these refuelers, these fighters, these air defenders, the skill and the courage it took exactly. To go into enemy territory. Exactly. For 36 hours on behalf of the American people in the world to take out a nuclear program is beyond what anyone in this audience can fathom. Right. And then the instinct, the instinct of CNN, the instinct of of the New York Times is to crap on it. Is to try to find a way. Yep. To spin it for their own political reasons. To try to hurt President Trump. That's right. Or our country. They don't care what the troops think. Yeah. They don't care what the world thinks.


They wanna spin it to try to make him look bad based on a leak of course. Or push back into the war 20 leakers. And what do leakers do they have agendas and what do they do? Do they share the whole information or just the part that they want to introduce? And when they introduce that preliminary, A preliminary report. Yep. That's deemed to be low. A low assessment. Yeah. You know what a low assessment means? Low confidence. Low confidence, yeah. In the data in that report. And why is there low confidence? Because all of the evidence of what was just bombed by 12 30,000 pound bombs is buried under a mountain. We're done with that shit. Devastated and obliterated. So If you wanna make an assessment of what happened at four, oh, you better get a big shovel and go really deep.


Yeah. Kelly. 'cause Iran's nuclear program go deep, is obliterated. And somebody somewhere is trying to leak something to say, oh, with low confidence, we think maybe it's moderate. Those that dropped the bombs precisely in the right place. Exactly. Know exactly what happened when that exploded. And You know, who else knows Iran? That's why they came to the table right away. Because their nuclear capabilities have been set back, back beyond what they thought were possible because of the courage. Right. Of a commander in chief who led our troops, despite what the fake news wants to say. But you're not disputing the report said what it said. Even though it was initial. Oh My gosh. The report said what it said And it was fine.


It was severe, they think, but they had no idea they shouldn't have issued a report until they did. Well, no report was actually issued at all actually. This was just, this was classified intelligence. These were early assessments. This is one of 18 intelligence agencies. And is it was done with low confidence as Pete Hegseth so eloquently described. Just now you want an actual answer to that. Kelly O'Donnell, grab a shovel, go to Iran, dig your way in and see If you can find anything. Let us know what you see. The Iranians don't come to the table unless things are beaten to hell there. And that nuclear program has been set back dramatically. Another great update that just happened as we were speaking with Ron Ello.


Amazing to see, nice to see strong American leadership overseas right now at nato, forcing other countries to spend some more money to defend themselves. So we're not constantly coming in to save a bunch of deadbeat countries on a day's work. It's Wednesday, which means good things are happening. Great to have you with us as always. On this edition of VINCE. I'll be back tomorrow with another one. If you'd like to see more today, rumble.com/ VINCE, you can find me noon to three Eastern Time doing the radio show. If you wanna find that on your local radio station, that's the VINCE show.com. And look up your local listings. Again, always great to be with you. The best damn audience in media.