
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. Oh my gosh. If there was ever an example of the Bonino rule, holy Moses, was it yesterday with this tragedy, this plane crash? Guys, I can't tell you go, go. Do me a favor. Before we even start the show, everybody out there, one of X is one of my favorite platforms for News X Truth. I love 'em. I'm on there all day. Just go and put Bongino rule in there. There's seriously 20 to 50 tweets of awesome Bonino show.


And I mean awesome P one listeners correcting people on who was the pilot, who wasn't the bonino rule? Just wait a bunch of people, not you because you guys are smart. Okay? A bunch of people got out ahead of the thing and made fools outta themselves. This bonino rule thing is not, I don't even wanna call it the Bonino rule, I just wanna call it like a life rule. 'cause I don't wanna take credit for common sense. You I'm, yes, we're gonna talk about a story. The Bonino rule is not, don't talk about a story that's stupid. It's just don't draw any conclusions for about 24 to 72 hours until you have the entire spreadsheet of facts or a good amount of them to do that.


Man, I, I can't thank you enough for stopping a lot of people and protecting them against themselves on X for this thing. The look we found a pilot, it's, it it, ugh. You know what I'm talking about? If you've been on X I'm not even gonna get into it. The Bonino rule will never fail you. It will never fail you. You don't have to be first, you don't, but you do have to be right. You do. Your credibility will only be built up over time. I promise you. I got a big show for you today folks. Trump said what needed to be said yesterday. If you don't want to hear it, vote for someone different next time. Don't vote for a MAGA person 'cause that's not the MAGA movement going forward.


Yeah, DEI is a cancerous curse. And you know what? There is the only time to talk about, it's when people are paying attention. You don't wanna hear it. Today's show's not gonna be for you, okay? I'm just telling you right now. We got a lot to talk about, including Cash Patel up on the hill yesterday tearing it up. Just like I told you,


Hey, lately I spent night after night tossing and turning, waking up exhausted, feeling like I was falling behind on everything that mattered. You know what happened? I started taking Beams Dream powder. It works for me. It's Run A Beam is proudly founded in America, run by people who share our values, hard work in integrity and results. It's a science backed, healthy nighttime blend packed with ingredients shown to improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day like I feel today. Dream is made with a powerful all natural blend of Reishi, magnesium, altheine, apigenin and melatonin Beams already helped improve over 17.5 million nights of sleep helping people across the country wake up and feel their best. So here's the deal Beam's, given my listeners the ultimate patriot discount of 47% off. You get it? You guys get that? I get it. Okay, you get it. It took a while for something. Try their bestselling dream powder and Get up to 47% off, not 48 47 for a limited time. Go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino at checkout that shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino for up to 47% off. Get a good night's sleep. Support an American company. Invest in yourself. Get the best sleep of your life.


Alright fellas, gotta hit that bell today. Let's get started on this Friday. Listen, there's a lot to talk about so let me get right to it. Number one, Ladies and gentlemen, I'm just gonna state this categorically, you don't like it. This is the wrong show for you. That's okay. It's not an airport. You don't have to announce your departure. I love you if you're here, but If you choose to leave, it's okay. DEI is racist, DEI is a cancer, prove me wrong, let me say it again. DEI is racist, it is a cancer. Prove me wrong. Okay? You can't folks, you cannot engage in hiring. You cannot engage in the promotion process in the admittance to selective colleges and training programs based on skin color.


If you do it, you are engaging in a racist practice period. I can't help you If you think otherwise. I get it. I have said it. I have spoken out against it. The store, this country has a a tough really rough history with race from slavery to the Civil War to Jim Crow. That is our history. We screwed a lot of things up. Like every country on earth did okay? We did our best to fix it. Millions of people died and marched and did everything we can to get to a society that judges people based on merit. And we have made an enormous amount of progress. And I am damn proud of the country I live in. I am ashamed that some people in the past engaged in that behavior, but I'm proud of the people who fought against it.


And those are your ancestors too. You should be damn proud of being part of this place. And I am not gonna stand idle while people go back and drag us back to a place where we say, do you have the appropriate amount of melanin in your skin? You do not. Well that job isn't for you. We are not doing that. What is two thumbs gonna fight that all the time. This guy, we're not doing it. Forget it. DEI is racist. And yes, this is the time to talk about it because the government, a lot of corporations, universities, academics, people all over the United States have dug into society and embedded this cancer everywhere and you damn well know if you've been a victim of it.


You know what it feels like to have busted your ass and not gotten promoted or not gotten a job because you didn't meet some BS quota that had nothing to do with your skills. And here's the real rotting cancer of DEI and I'm glad Trump brought it up yesterday and I hope he brings it up again. Even the people who air quotes benefit from it are victims too. No they're not. Yes they are. Because you know what it does? It breeds animosity where people start to say, wait, did that guy get this or that woman get that because she checked some box and not because she worked as hard as I did.


What do you think the person who gets passed over thinks You think they're happy about that? Is that what you want? A bunch of miserable people pissed off that they lost their job, they lost an opportunity or they lost a raise because they didn't have the right melanin in their skin or sexual orientation. But that's, that's complete crap man. DEI is racist. I am glad we have a country with strong civil rights laws where If you engage in any racist activity that guy's not hired 'cause he's black or Hispanic, then your dumb ass ignorant, stupid ass deserves to pay.


We already have laws against that. The way to remedy this isn't to flip the script on it. New York Times already blaming Trump. Trump Blames D EI and Biden for Crash Under His Watch. Ladies and gentlemen, has it ever occurred to the New York Times that Donald Trump may know something about what happened and the circumstances? I'm not telling you DEI was the cause of this. I am telling you that DEI has embedded itself into the government so that you can't eliminate it as a cause. I wanna, I wanna give a shout out. I gotta get these videos, but this is important. I don't usually like monologues this long without some kind of video show formats, but this is super important.


I got a clip of the exchange later, but not this specific part. Greg Gutfeld is a very, very, very insightful guy on Fox. I've known Greg for a long time and don't mistake his sarcasm and humor. Do not mistake that for any kind of like lack of depth. Greg said something yesterday on the five that was absolutely brilliant to Jessica Tarloff. He said that DEI is the mirror to identity politics. Whereas the left will use identity politics, racism as and for they will blame everything on racism.


They lose an election, racism, voter id, racist police behavior and racist without any evidence at all. That's true. Every single thing is due to racism despite an ability to produce a shred of evidence that a lot of what they say, I'm not telling you all of it, But a lot of what they say is true. Greg was brilliant. You know what he said? He said, you know it's funny how D EIS become the exact opposite. It's like a mirror for them. He's like, DEI, did you ever notice with the left? They're so proud of DEI but it has nothing to do with anything. Helicopter crash with an agency A TCF. FAA RE runs air traffic intro openly proclaiming DEI is the way forward.


Oh no that had nothing to do with it. They don't know that yet. Military lack of readiness and lethality DEI. Oh that had nothing to do with it. That had nothing to do with it. I'm gonna say to Greg brother, absolutely brilliant point that I'm not gonna steal because I will appropriately credit you, but I'm gonna use often and make sure you get the credit. Brilliant point. Racism's the cause of everything on the left yet DEI is the cause of absolutely nothing. Here was one of the upper level deputy director types at the FAA back in 2023 talking about their push.


This is in the Biden years for DEI, which is racist period. There is no argument about that pushing for DEI in the FAA, which is responsible for things like not having aircraft collide in the air. Don't listen to me, listen to them. Check this out. Hi, I'm Brad Mims, deputy administrator at the Federal Aviation Administration. We are looking for the best and brightest to join us as air traffic controllers. We need a diverse group of air traffic controllers to bring distinct perspectives to handle the ever-changing aerospace landscape.


I'm calling on students and alumni from HBCUs, Hispanic serving institutions and tribal colleges to apply now to become air traffic controllers. I don't want anyone interested to miss out on this amazing career opportunity. Make sure you complete your full application during our application window. The short application window ends on May 8th. We need a diverse next generation air traffic workforce with people from all backgrounds. So apply now. We don't need any of that shit.


We don't need any of it. You know what? We need good people who can keep aircraft from colliding and exploding in the sky. And by the way, Mr. Mims, I believe it's not there anymore. Isn't it a little racist to constantly insist that people who are not white are incapable of meeting the same criteria as people who happen to be white? Isn't that racist? Yes it is. DEI is racist, period. There is no arguing it.


You are judging people on characteristics unrelated to their job skills based on race, gender, sex, sexual orientation, L-G-B-T-Q-I-A-I PC two plus. It has nothing to do with merit. Don't get people killed in the skies. None of that stuff has anything to do with anything. Here was one of Biden's nominees to run the FAA at the top. Now listen, I don't expect these guys, sometimes managers have different skills. I mean, was it the guy who ran Coke or something at one time, went in to run Apple?


I mean he did a good job. Sometimes people have different skill sets. However, I expect you to know a little bit if you're gonna go and run the FAA. Here's Biden's, one of his FAA nominees at the time who doesn't seem to know a lot about like air traffic, which would kind of be a big deal for the Federal Aviation Administration. I'm just, I'm just throwing that out there. Check this out. So Mr. Washington, can you quickly tell me what airspace requires an A DSB transponder? Not sure I can answer that question right now. That's, That's okay. We'll just keep going. So that's a, that's a pretty important part. So what are the six types of special use airspace that protect this national security that appear on FAA charts?


Sorry Senator, I cannot answer that question. Okay, So what are the operational limitations of a pilot flying under basic med Senator? I'm not a pilot, so Can't, but obviously you'd ever see the f Federal Aviation Administration. So any, any idea what those restrictions are under basic med, quickly? Well, some of the restrictions I think would be high blood pressure. Some of them would be It. It's more like how many passengers per airplane. I see how many pounds in different categories and what el what altitude you can find under. So, and and then amount of knots. It's under 250 knots. So it's not having had anything to do with blood pressure. So can you tell me what causes an aircraft to spin or to stall?


Again, Senator, I'm not a pilot. This is not fun. I'm, I'm not. Michael brought up a great point. I applaud him on the third jump cut there where at least gives it a shot. He's like, I think it's like blood pressure or something guy's like, no, it actually is a, it's like weight of the plane and distribution away minute, but could try blood pressure, whatever folks. This guy, I don't know this guy. I I, I'm, I'm not gonna be an asshole to him. The, the guy could be brilliant. I don't know. The guy could have been in the widget space before, been the greatest widget maker ever. I don't know. The point is he just didn't know anything about aviation for the Federal Aviation Administration.


Like I, I kind of, I don't, I don't know. Like maybe do a little homework first. Well, I mean, I'm just asking you, you know, where else would this satisfy you? If you were a shareholder, shareholder in a company, you won't say 7% of a billion dollar company, right? They're ready to hire some new, bring on some new board member. Don't you want 'em to know a little bit about the company before he gets under only in the federal government? Is this okay because of the third party payer problem, the government is spending money on other people with other people's money. So they don't care about the cost and they don't care about the quality 'cause they're not buying anything for themselves and it's not their money.


Here's Fox News headline. Fa a's diversity push includes a focus on hiring people with severe intellectual and psychiatric disabilities. Listen, it's serious time, okay? This is a hard segment for me. I I have a rather large family on my mother's side. My grandmother was Irish. Well there was a lot of 'em. She had eight sisters. We have a really big family. We've dealt with a lot of issues, a lot of struggles. I've dealt with a lot of this with people very close to me. I'm gonna leave their identities out. But it's a serious problem and I do not mean at all to make light of it.


But folks, I can tell you from dealing with people extremely close to me who have had psychiatric disturbances, let's say, and disabilities, you do not want them. There's not a reflection on their character. It's a problem. A lot of it's genetic. You do not want them doing air traffic control. Where a mistake means people die in a lot of 'em. When Donald Trump said yesterday, this is common sense. It should be. Now Of course the media wants to paint Donald Trump as callous and hard and attacking people, which he did no such thing.


I want you to ignore that like you did the bloodbath, hoax, debunk it and move on folks. These are not the positions for people who have these kind of issues that they're getting through in their lives. People's lives are at stake here. Do you understand? This is common sense? And I mean it, it is sense that's so common that because Donald, if anyone else said it other than Donald Trump, it would make sense. This is insane. Here was that segment I talked to you about. Now I'd left the part out with Greg 'cause I addressed that myself. But here is the queen of the curve.


Jessica Tarof again, who, what, what I find amazing about our segments on the five is, whereas Greg will just, do you ever see Greg? Greg will just sit back. I I can't get enough of the five. He, he maybe has some notes in front, but he'll just sit back and take it all in and extemporaneously go back at Tarof. Did you, I want you to watch this from now on. Tarof is always reading from notes. It's some focus group or Democrat operation that gave her these talking points. Do you ever notice? She's always reading from her notes. Watch. This is what she does all the time. She gives you some focus group tested talking point a Democrat, fed her about this thing.


Here she is again trying to blame Trump. Guy's been in office, what, 10 days when this happened? Nine days. Listen to this, A moment to be talking about those things. And there is a moment to just be a consoler in chief. And I thought that CNN's aviation expert, Pete ine put it well, he said, what he said is not only unprofessional, unprecedented inconsiderate of the status of the investigation, but's frankly unhinged this DEI policy was put. Do you agree with that? That you, you agreed that was unhinged what he did, I think coming out and the first part when he was reading off the prompter was correct. Whoever wrote it, if it was Steven Miller or someone else, that's, that sounded like somebody who was actually thinking of the families, of the people who had just passed away.


And then he had a campaign rally in the middle of what should have been a somber occasion. And these DEI policies were put in place in 2013. He had every opportunity through his first administration to revoke them. Good luck if they thought they were terrible Queen, She's been given the talking points, she's reading the notes. And again, these people are such frauds that it's really hard for me to take. This is not the time for this. The same losers on the left when there is a school shooting and kids' bodies have not even been brought out of the school are immediately condemning say it happens.


God forbidden Florida, a farmer in Idaho who has a handgun because he has a handgun, he's guilty too. And you're faulting Donald Trump for going up there and saying, Hey, we got a problem. This tragedy just happened and we're moving on this right away. Unreal. If you haven't seen that whole segment, encourage you to listen to it because again, reads from the notes, focus group tested talking points only. Not a single extemporaneous creative thought, easily debunked by Greg, Jesse, Dana and elsewhere. I got another exchange coming up.


There was a Tucker Carlson clip when he still had his eight o'clock show on Fox showing you that this problem, and by the way, she's like, oh yeah, this lasted through the Trump administration. This stuff has lasted forever. 'cause the left keeps suing over it. It's unbelievable how they stick to these talking points and people just don't fire back. Really Trump's a DEI supporter. Are you sure about that? Didn't you guys sue endlessly over this stuff? He has been trying to schedule left federal employees to get rid of unnecessary dead weight in the federal government that's not pulling her weight for years. Did you miss that? Of course she didn't miss it. It just wasn't on her talking point sheet. That's why she's the queen of the Karen.


That's why I respect for Harold Fords, and at least he has an independent thought Once in a while, I got this video from Tucker coming up next in case you, which I, I know it doesn't apply to you, but if you're a liberal watching today and you think, oh my gosh, this is a new problem. I mean Donald Trump, no, no, this isn't a new problem. This is an ongoing problem. Trump and Republicans, the good ones have been trying to fix forever. I'll be right back to that Quick break.


Hey, If you own a carry or carry a firearm for protection, you need to join an organization I've been with forever. The U-S-C-C-A people like you and me can't risk it. Imagine rotting in prison. It's happened just because you used the gun in self-defense. You've seen it in the headlines. If a good guy with a gun defense himself or others, he's probably more likely to get locked up than the actual criminal. Even with the new administration, the justice system, especially in a lot of these liberal states, is absolutely no friend to gun owners like you. That's why I've been a member of the U-S-C-C-A for years. And right now the U-S-C-C-A has given away a free concealed carry and family defense guide and the chance to win $1,200 to buy a firearm or any gear you need to protect your family all a hundred percent free. You can get it when you visit u sca.com/dan. Please go today. Protect yourself. You're gonna learn how to detect attackers before they see you. Equipment and training basics, how to responsibly own and store a gun in a whole lot more. It's a 58 page guide loaded with valuable information. Visit uscca.com/dan. You'll get instant access and a chance to win $1,200 to buy the gear you need. Go to uscca.com/dan now. uscca.com/dan. Great organization. I've been a member for a long time. Check 'em out. Thanks Uscca.


All right, back to the show. You think this is a new problem folks? The left that's so eager to say DEI had nothing to do with this. You don't know that I admitted to you in the beginning of the show. Why? No, it's the, it's the sole reason we had this aircraft tragedy. I don't know that. I don't know that yet. The Bonino rule matters, but I'm not closing off the possibility either. Here's a Tucker Carlson clip from a while ago exposing the FAA for prioritizing racist DEI over merit and people die when you do that. Watch this. A Biographical questionnaire whose purpose was not hiring skill controllers.


In fact, the more skills you had, the fewer points you got perversely. But instead, the point was ensuring the hiring of people who were of the right race. It was insane, Of course. Dangerous. Yes. And it sparked a major reaction. Now the Department of Transportation says it is ready to revise those policies in the name of public safety. Stephen Bradbury is the general counsel of the Department of Transportation and he joins us tonight. Mr. Brad, thanks for coming on. Well, thanks for having me on. Tucker. So I it's, it was a pretty simple story and I think the fix is pretty simple. Can you assure our viewers that air traffic controllers will be hired solely on the basis of relevant criteria? In other words, how good they are at air traffic controlling and not on the basis of a relevant criteria like their appearance.


That's right. We are making a change to no longer use that biographical assessment that the FAA has used since 2014 and that you featured on your, There were Trump people battling this stuff. This has been going on for a long time, folks. Or you can believe Jessica Tarloff, who's had a frequently correct herself on the air for nonsense. You wanna believe the truth or queen of the Karens, they've been fighting this crap forever. People are gonna die. Here's NBC news. Of course, Republicans pounce how right fling, right wing influencers turned airplanes and airports into culture war battlegrounds.


We didn't do it. Dip shit, you guys did it. Nobody thinks airplanes and airports are racist. We're just exposing you guys for being racist for running airplanes in airports with a racist policy. Don't blame us. David Ingram. A source of constant litany of BS out of NBC. Here's Jackie Heinrich at Fox on Twitter. New York Times control tower Staffing was not normal during deadly crash. FAA says maybe if they weren't so focused on DIE, maybe you would've had enough people in there to prevent 67 Sno souls from being snuffed out.


The controller on duty was doing a job usually handled by two people. Collision between the jet and the helicopter killed 67 people. Bodies are still being recovered. Give us the 67 people back. Unscrew yourselves, man. Why is this only acceptable in government? Because again, they don't care. The government steals your money to pay other people. It's not their money and they're not even buying anything for themselves. The only reason they may care about this is because DC lawmakers fly outta Reagan and don't wanna die. It may be the only reason you get some change out of this.


Folks, this is just disgusting stuff and we, if we don't rip this DEI racist crap out rooting branch and we're not gonna have a government left, you are breeding and watering seeds of mistrust and people really start to get bitter at other people when they feel like they lost out to someone else. For all the wrong reasons. We already have strong EEO and civil rights laws in this country. It is illegal to discriminate based on race period. It's not extra illegal. It's illegal now you think you're gonna find a sympathetic year If you go to the media and say, I have proof.


Proof of anti-black, anti-Hispanic, anti-Asian racism. The media will jump all over that story. You have legal and PR avenues to handle this. Now the solution isn't a system-wide overhaul where we then discriminate against an entirely different group of people. Asians in colleges, white men in work thought this was fairly obvious. Okay, we're gonna switch gears here for a second and listen, get ready. What do we got? 138, almost 140. That nice crowd today. We covered nicely yesterday. Our audience got a little bit, we were still number one. Thank you by far. But still the Trump presser.


I think understandably, some people watch cable watch us on demand later. I may lose some of you here and I'm gonna say that in advance. I hope I don't, but I'm making an executive decision. Folks, this minute's about this, this segment is about economics. It's about a minute 30. It's from a guy I really liked as Peter St on. You should follow him on X. He does a lot of great videos on economics and he makes 'em digestible. Three minutes or less. You will learn so much. I love economics. I'm passionate about it. There is a massive proposal out there by Donald Trump that is going to interest, even If you listening right now. Go. I hate economics. You won't hate this. Donald Trump, right? Even Justin. Listen to this one. This one I'm telling you, this is a game breaker.


A to break the game wide open. If Donald Trump can convinced the Republican Congress to get rid of the income tax for a system of tariffs instead, Ladies and gentlemen, the economy will absolutely explode like you have not seen. Since the Reagan years may be bigger, the explosion of capital and investment in the United States and the basically $30,000 or so raise a lot of people are going to get will absolutely blow our economy up like you've never seen before. I want you to watch this St Orange video. It's about a minute and 30, but man does he lay it out about what exactly this would do.


It's worth your time. Please listen, check this out. Donald Trump Is doubling down on completely repealing the income tax, replacing it with tariffs on foreigners, the left who uses the income tax to suck the blood from the American people on behalf of giant corporations and pink haired child mutilators are popping their little heads. Now, during the campaign, Trump had repeatedly mused, what if we just get rid of the income tax and abolished the IRS. The left was not taking him seriously because like politicians say all kinds of stuff when they're trying to get elected. But now with the election safely under his belt, Trump is not letting its go. In fact, he's doubling down. And it addressed to a major GOP policy retreat in Florida.


Trump ran through the history of the tariff, how America was much richer as a country when we funded the federal government, not off the blood, sweat and tears of the American people, but off foreigners in the form of tariffs. Of course, that golden age ended in 1913 with the left's victorious imposition of an income tax that was virtually promised as only hitting the top 1%. But today, Of course hits everybody. Now I've talked about the tariffs for income tax trade off, but in short, If you get rid of the income tax and replace it with tariffs, you're looking at a one and a half trillion dollars net decline in federal taxes. So you would need Elon's Doge to cut spending in return.


You would massively raise income, raise economic growth and lower inflation. I've estimated the average American household would see something like a $30,000 rise in annual income. That's about 40% and it comes to about $2,500 per month. About half of that would come from the taxes. You no longer pay the other half from higher economic growth. Since we would no longer be taxing work or entrepreneurship. Folks, that's one of the best minute and thirties you're ever gonna hear. Can you imagine what an extra 20 to $30,000 a year would do for you? Do you have any idea? That's life-changing money.


Life-changing money a year over 10 years. You're talking about the value of many of people's homes. 30 k in your wallet. Now I will say one thing, there would have to be massive wasteful government spending cuts, which is what we want because in the beginning there's gonna be some dislocation. And If you wanna understand the math, it's very simple. Wall Street Journal, Don Luskin has a good piece about this. This is why the income base, in other words, the amount of United States total income, we tax on the income tax is 25 trillion. Throw that piece up If you could.


So we're taxing $25 trillion of income, okay? So you get a percentage of that. The United States government, okay, if we're gonna tax only imports and tariffs, the base is a maximum of 3 trillion. So in other words, they say that means a 10% tariff would have an effect roughly equivalent to a 1.3% increase in personal tax rates. What I'm getting at is there, there are things we do have to fund. We have to pay interest on our national debt or no one's gonna lend us money. Again, we have to fund our military. You know, we have a bunch of seniors on social security who spent their whole lives. We can't just say, Hey, screw it, you're all gonna die. We can't do that.


It's gonna take a while to wind down all this spending. However, this may be Donald Trump's most bold, brilliant idea, yet he would transform the entire country if he did it. If we had to graduated down and graduated up tariff. My gosh, could you imagine? What'd be like to not have to deal with the IRS? Again, I know some of you like economic segments, some of you don't. I'm just telling you, you want the United States to be twice and three times as rich in five to 10 years. You do that and you'll watch what happens. This place will freaking explode $30,000 when you imagine what you do with that quick break, I wanna get to Cash Patel.


Yesterday so much happened during that hearing. I told you cash was the guy. This guy is kicking ass and taking names. I never let you down with my picks. JD Vance Cash Patel, these are your guys


and we've all seen the headlines. Cyber attacks on the grid, drones in the sky, violent attacks on Americans. The ugly truth is no leader, no system. We're gonna protect you from every emergency you wanna be standing in line in emergency waiting on government food, good luck. You're gonna starve to death and so is everyone around you. When crisis hits food's the first casualty, everybody panicked buys too. Not me. I'm prepared with My Patriot Supply. I have a four week emergency food kit multiples for every member of my family. What's in it? About 2000 calories a day and a hundred percent of your daily value of 12 essential vitamins and minerals. The food will keep you strong when every meal matters in an emergency. My Patriot Supply foods are packed and ultra durable, heavy duty pouches. They can last up to two and a half decades in storage. Right now they're offering $50 off their four week food kit. Get more than one. Go to My Patriot Supply dot com now and grab yours for $50 off. Don't put this off. Now's the time to prepare, not after an emergency. That's My Patriot Supply dot com for your four week emergency food kit today, My Patriot Supply dot com


and our last sponsor today is MyPillow. Listen, I used to wake up sore from head to toe. I used to whine about it all the time. Now, for the first time in years, I've been sleeping great 'cause I changed my pillow a while ago to a MyPillow. I love it. It's, I sleep so comfortable on it. I have no more neck pain. You'll get a standard classic. My pillow for wholesale prices only 1488. But it gets better for a limited time. They're gonna offer their entire classic collection at wholesale prices. Get queen size my pillows for just 1888. Upgrade to a king for only a dollar mark. Get the body pillows for 29 88. I love that by the way, because my shoulders and multi-use my pillows for only 9 88. You're so sure you'll be satisfied. They offer a 10 year warranty and a 60 day money back guarantee plus all orders over $75 ship absolutely free. My pillows offering an amazing deal in the classic MyPillow collection. So go to mypillow.com, click on the radio podcast square called 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2 or go to mypillow.com. Use promo code Dan to get these unbelievable offers. Once again, that's 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2. Or go to mypillow.com and use promo code. Dan. Don't lose another night. A good sleep. Thank you MyPillow.


Okay, getting back to the hearing yesterday, folks, I told you Cash was the guy I know Cash. Personally, I don't let my personal relationships get in the way of my show. I owe you better. I'm just telling you who Cash is personally is who cash is publicly. Cash is a good man. Cash has been the victim of all of this deep state BS that's happened. And I want you to know this. People forget this. You guys ready? Don't ever forget Devin Nunes and Cash Patel, Devin Nunes and Cash Patel. If it wasn't for those two, you would know absolutely nothing about the collusion hoax. You wouldn't. They were the ones, there's two guys. Others got on later. They were the two guys who cracked this thing open from the inside and because of that their lives were turned up, turned upside down.


Cash knows what it's like. Cash also knows the dirty details. Behind January 6th, Ladies and gentlemen have told you a thousand times, I wish things would've went down different. Okay? I'm not gonna sit here and tell you everything was great that day. No, no, that's not what happened. But there is zero question right now. Zero that what happened that day. The full story's never been told. Whether it's been the mobilization of the National Guard. Federal involvement in that day I know happened. And in addition, the identity of the pipe bomber, someone is hiding a deep, dark secret about what happened on January 6th. This is the real reason the left hates cash.


Patel, by the way, here he is addressing the National Guard and who was called and WEM going the left doesn't want this story out there 'cause they wanna look like, oh, we're clean of all this. We had nothing to do with anything. Oh really? Check this out. What were you doing on that day? On that day? Specifically responding to preparing to mobilize and deploy the National Guard Once we got the lawful request from the local converting authority, which was the mayor of DC and the speaker of the House. Now, how many days in advance were you working to prepare the Department of Defense to help secure the capitol? On January 6th Days in advance, Senator, we were in the Oval Office on an unrelated national security matter with the President of the United States. The Secretary of Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and myself and the president authorized up to 20,000 plus National Guardsmen and women to secure any security measures necessary related to the Capitol.


So we were moving to the fullest extent of the law before the requisite request came from a local governing authority days ahead of time. And while you were chief of staff at DOD, how, how many times did DOD approach Capitol Police and ask if they needed National Guard assistance? I believe those letters are documented. Numerous instances and and numerous of those instances, they were, those requests were shut down. Now, am I correct that the capital sergeant at ARMS said assistance was unnecessary? That's correct. Senator. Who did the sergeant at Arms report to The Speaker of the House?


Speaker of the House. Wasn't that Pelosi folks? They just don't wanna tell you the whole story here. You want a really quick, simple, easy pro tip on how to never look like a liberal, foolish, hypocritical piece of garbage, filthy, far left communist Democrat. Just tell the truth. Yeah, man. January 6th went down this way. I got a lot of objections to a lot of things. I have a lot of objections to you lying to me too. You're telling me Nancy Pelosi knew nothing about the security situation at all. Cas Patel is telling you on the record, after being sworn in, there are memos documenting this.


They're not telling you the full story because they don't want to. I don't care what all I'm going to tell you is the damn truth. If you don't like the truth, this show's not for you. It's okay. Why do you wanna be lied to all the time? This is the real reason. They don't want cash around. Here he is responding up on the hill to these absolute BS Democrat attacks on this man's character. Cash is a good and decent guy. I've been around him quite a bit. Cash is one of those guys. I'm gonna tell you right now, when you pick up the, he's like Pete Hegseth, secretary Hegseth.


Now you call this guy up. If he doesn't get back to you, he'll call you immediately. 'cause he's in some kind of meeting or something every single time. Here he is yesterday on these Democratic attacks against him. Check this out. If the Best attacks on me are gonna be false accusations and grotesque mischaracterizations, the only thing this body is doing is defeating the credibility of the men and women at the FBII stood with them here in this country. In every theater of war we have. I was on the ground in service of this nation and any accusations leveled against me that I would somehow put political bias before the Constitution are grotesquely unfair And I will have you reminded that I have been endorsed by over 300,000 law enforcement officers to become the next director of the FBI.


Let's ask them, Mr. Chairman, You know what's fascinating too? If you're a piece of garbage, progressive commie leftist, what's the first thing you're doing right now? If Cash Patel was a Democrat nominee, you guys know what's the first thing you're doing? Oh, that's definitely racist. You're going after the brown guy. A hundred percent. A hundred freaking percent. Why am I not doing that? Because it's not true. The Democrats don't. The Democrats are many, many of 'em are racist, but that's not why they're going after cash. They're going after cash because of what I just told you. He's gonna uncover the full January 6th story. He's gonna stop the FBI weaponization of power, which the left loves and that pisses him off.


But I'm not a lying piece of garbage progressive commie. It's definitely racist. Cash, by the way, was targeted by a weaponized government. Ladies and gentlemen, don't forget your history on this edutainment, right. Here we go. Educational Entertainment, cash Patel and Devin Nunes were ruthlessly targeted phones, taken investigations subpoenas because they uncovered scumbag. Adam Schiff's, absolute fabrication of a Russian collusion, fairy tale, which destroyed our country for four years and still is rippling through international politics.


He was targeted himself. Can you think of a better guy to run the FBI than a guy who's been on the other end of federal government Weaponized justice system prosecutions. Listen to this, Senator. This may be one of the scenarios that most uniquely qualifies me to take command at the FBI, having been the victim of government overreach and a weaponized system of justice and law enforcement. I know what it feels like to have the full weight of the United States government barreling down on you. And as the Biden Inspector General determined those activities by the FBI and DOJ were wholly improper and not predicated upon law and facts.


I will ensure if confirmed that no American is subjected to that kind of torment, to that kind of cost financially and personally. And most importantly, I will make sure that no American is subjected to death threats like I was and subjected to moving their residences like I was because of government overreach, because of leaks of information about my personal status. If confirmed as FBI director Mr. Chairman, you have my commitment that no one in this country will feel that pain. Two things, and I don't wanna make this story about me, but it is my show and I feel the need to inject this into it. Number one, notice how cash talks about how they made the process financially painful for him.


Folks, that's a real thing. Cash is not a multi multi quadrillion error. They, they endlessly put this guy through legal hell in an attempt to do what they did to Donald Trump. Make the process punishment. Okay? That's why he mentioned that second cash had to move. I never told you this, it's not the only reason, so I don't wanna exaggerate or be ridiculous, but one of the reasons we got outta here too and had to take, 'cause I mistakenly, my address got public. I made a political donation one time and I put down the address rather than a PO box. And it was a, it was a disaster. It just turned into a mess. We had people showing up at the house. I had some crazy guy show up.


I had the Martin County Sheriff had a look. I mean, it turned into a total train wreck. Folks, guys showed up all the time. This is not folks, it's not me. I'm not a, I'm, I'm not a fake tough guy. How many times I get attack, I got arthritis in every bone in my body. I, I don't know if I got fight my way out of a wet paper bag anymore. The Karate man thing is a joke. Okay? I don't know karate or nothing anymore. Okay? If you're lucky, we'll fall on the ground and maybe I'll remember some Brazilian jiujitsu, but I'm not even sure. Okay? It's about my family. I got a family, I've got young kids, okay? This is not when this happens to you. And knock on wood, God forbid it ever does.


It's not about you. Yeah, I'll shoot you If you come to my house really in front of your kids. You gonna do anyone? Yeah, if I have to, I have to. Believe me, that's the kind of thing you want. That ain't me. But a dead body in your house every time you walk by your kitchen, you gotta think all that guy was bleeding out of it. Is that what you want? I don't want that. Nobody knows better than cash. Now let me show you the, this is my last one with cash, but I wanna show you the most pathetic part of yesterday's hearing. It has nothing to do with cash. It has everything to do with this scumbag. Adam Schiff, who folks, he is not the dumbest member of Congress. That's a OC. The dumbest male member of Congress is obviously Dan Goldman the most corrupt, evil, demonic member of Congress.


I have zero doubt while Senate side now, but Congress in general is Adam Schiff. You will never meet a bigger scumbag in your life. This guy does not have a shred of human dig dignity. His DNA is composed of only evil pairs. This is evil personified. This is a guy who was exposed. He's questioning Kash Patel who exposed him lying about the biggest political scandal of our time. A fake collusion, fairy tale that destroyed the country for years. Adam Schiff, remarkably, I think should be in prison for some of the stuff he did is a United States Senator got a promotion.


'cause liberals love these evil demons, right? Schiff has the balls to start attacking Cash Patel for trying to help out some people involved in January 6th and then has even bigger balls to talk about how Cash Patel should do due diligence. Diligence. Oh, I got a due diligence segment for you coming up. But listen to this exchange first. This guy makes me sick. Check this out and, And here you did no diligence to find out whether people you were associating with. Now the president of the United States in song were convicted of attacking police officers.


Is that who we want running the FBI? I want you to turn around. They're capitol police officers behind you. They're guarding us. Take a look at them right now. Turn around. I'm looking at you. You're talking To me. No, no, no. Look at them. I want you to look at them If you can. If you have the courage to look them in the eye, Mr. Patel, and tell them you're proud of what you did. Tell them you're proud that you raised money off of people that as that assaulted their colleagues, that pepper sprayed them, that beat them with poles. Tell them you're proud of what you did, Mr. Patel, they're right there. They're guarding you today. Tell 'em how proud You are. That's an abject lie. You know it. I'm proud you. I've never, never, ever accepted violence against law enforcement.


I've worked with these men and women as you know. No, you accepted it entire. You gl entire life in song, entire life. And I did not make a single dime out of it Song. Well, let me let, how About you ask them. Lemme ask you this if I have their backs. Let's see about that answer. Lemme ask you. This Guys a scumbag guy. The biggest piece of garbage, evil demon we have in the United States Senate. The fact that this guy was promoted in the state of California is a war on the ass of humankind. What Adam Schiff did to this country is a disgrace. He's a documented buffoon liar and he's an evil demon That is all this guy is. He's a disgraceful, disgusting human being. He's talking about cash due and due diligence. You mean the due diligence he did when he put together the Nunes memo with Devin Nunes and exposed you for being a scumbag?


You mean that by the way, did you do due diligence? Justin and Michael reminded me of one. They're like Dan due diligence. Wasn't Adam Schiff the guy who got pranked by two Russian comedians? 'cause he didn't do Russian due diligence pretending they had fake pictures of Donald Trump naked. I was like, oh my gosh, that happened, didn't it? No. Maybe I said, remind me. So they pulled this clip and it turns out this is real due diligence. Adam Schiff, dumbass, listen to this. She got compromising materials on Trump after their short relations. Okay? And and what's the nature of the coma?


Well, there were pictures of naked Trump. Okay? And so Putin was made aware of the, the availability of the compromising material. Yes, Of course. Okay, well thank you very much. We will be back in touch with you through our staff to make arrangements to obtain these materials for our committee and and for the FBI and and I appreciate you reaching out to us. This piece of human garbage shift was the top Democrat on the Intel committee and didn't even have the sense to do due diligence and say, Hey, is this really compromat or a couple of Russian comedians making me look like an a-hole?


Listen, people get burned all the time, folks. It happens. This was an easy one. Due diligence. Good for Cash Patel, folks on Gino Army, I need you here. I'm gonna move on a second. I got another clip here coming up about the Brandon Johnson, probably the second or third worst mayor in America. They're are worse. But I'm gonna ask you again as a favor. Please, please, Bonino Army. Send another email to your senators. I don't care what state you're in, it doesn't matter. Respectfully worded or else it does no good. Please support Cash Patel.


We do. We are constituents. Thank you for your time. Very simple. It matters. They listen. I know you guys are hardcore voters who never miss an election. They are going to look you up. These people do not wanna get primaried. They do not wanna engage in a close election. All they wanna do is stay in power. Republicans, Democrats, all of them, please send that email. This is politics is an, is a participation sport, not a spectator sport. I need you to do it. Please. It's a critical vote. We don't get this guy in at the FBI. You're never gonna get any answers at all. You wanna see, did I not tell you guys go, we the show not over.


But I'm like, we are not ending the show without playing this. If you live in a city like Chicago or Los Angeles with Karen Bass. So I think right now is probably the worst mayor in America. Brandon Johnson from Chicago is up there. Maybe it's a tie for number one. I don't know, maybe they split the gold medal. There are so many awful liberal city big mayors. It's really hard to keep track. I mean it's no point in even keeping a checklist. It'd go on forever. It'd be like the board of Democrat hoaxes. We've been, Trump's been in office 10 days. We're gonna need a new board soon. But Brandon Johnson's asked a simple question about ice raids in the city of Chicago. He's like, Hey bro, you know, didn't they just pick up a guy like some hardcore criminal who was like, you know, terrorizing your city, you gonna help out about that?


Hey man, that's not my job. People in Chicago get killed, raped, murdered. I mean, it's not like I have anything to do with that. No. Oh yeah. Listen to yourself. Check this out. Tom Holman showed up in Chicago and within 24 hours found a convicted sex offender who has been living in our city since 2009. Flouting the sex offender registry. If he can do this, why can't you? Because that's their job. That that is their job. The federal government, their job's not to keep Chicago safe, to make sure that individuals who are undocumented, who have been charged with convicted of a crime, it is the federal government's responsibility to do their part and uphold the law.


Our local police department, along with our public health department, along with our other sister agencies, are working to build a better, stronger, safer Chicago. And as we've stated repeatedly, those critical investments, you continue to see the results of those investments as violent crime continues to fall in Chicago. Thank you very much Folks. This is the liberal ethos. This is why I wake up every morning like many of you and thank my Lord and savior Jesus Christ, that I am not dumb enough to be a liberal. This guy is running on. Be a liberal Bria progressive. Big government's gonna solve all your problems. Reporter presents him with a problem.


You know, you have all these criminals who are in the country illegally. If you were just to cooperate with ice, ice could go in the jails and get rid of him. What's his response? Now? My freaking job, bro. How do you live in this? We're on on WLS in Chicago on the radio. How do you live in this city with this moron? Are you even interested in results? Like, Hey, I don't wanna get raped or killed or murdered or home invaded. This is your guy. This is the best you can do. Pull up that Lucian tweet. By the way, here's Bill Eugen from Fox. You wanna see what results look like when your government's run by Donald Trump and not this idiot in Chicago per sources border patrol just recorded 582 illegal crossings at the southern border with not a, with a, not a single one of the nine sectors hitting 200.


Well, what does that mean? Malian says, good reporter here. I've never seen anything this low in all of my border coverage. The numbers were already flat low in Biden's final week. 'cause they were flying everyone in with the CBP app. But even with that, they bounced between 1200, 1400 illegal crossings a day. But the numbers have fallen off a cliff since Trump took office last three days. 6 65, 7 3 1 5 82. That's what results look like, bro. That's what happens when you've got a guy in charge saying, listen, Federalists 51, if men were angels, they're not. Unfortunately, we need a little bit of government as little as possible.


But if we're gonna run this place, one of our jobs is national security. You are not entering the country illegally on my watch. What happens? Wow. People get the message. They stop coming here illegally. This isn't hard to figure out, man. This is who Democrats really are. You know what? Go to this Jesse Waters, Tim Wall snitch line thing. I, this is another one. I'm sorry I can't leave without playing this folks, it's Friday. I'll have you on the radio here in a few minutes, so we'll be back with you for the next three hours If you wanna watch on Rumble and locals. However, it's Friday. So I wanna leave you in a little bit of a good mood and sometimes even clips like this that highlight how genuinely awful liberal Karens are.


This is kind of funny to listen to Get out of liberal cities as soon as you can. The liberal Karens, you're living around hate your guts. They are big government like Soviet style. If you, they will report against you in a minute. Read the read Soans the first circle. They will turn you in as soon as they can when they get back in power for the gulags. Here's a segment on Jesse Water Show. This Minnesota under Tim Walls had a snitch line during covid for people not wearing masks. Listen to all the losers calling it I a little. This guy had a shield mask. This really happened. This is not a joke. Check this out.


One parish was giving communion in the parking lot, inspiring someone to write nothing in. The Bible says they should risk their lives and the lives of others just to receive an offering. Hundreds of others just sent in pictures of children playing outside without masks. Here's six kids playing basketball. Super spreader event. Here's another one. And If you thought the emails were bad, get ready for the voicemails. One woman called to report people jogging without masks. I rode my bike. I was not wearing a mask. Past groups of people jogging from CrossFit, they were groups of four and five.


They weren't wearing masks. They were not social distancing. I wasn't wearing a mask on my bike either, but I wasn't riding with people and I was trying to stay away from people. No businesses were safe either. Oh, folks, this goes on. That segment goes on for like five minutes. You know what, Justin just put some interesting, he's like, you know that woman sounds like tar. Was that Tarloff grad people? I, I don't. I don't think so. I don't think so. I'm just putting out I don't think it was. I'm reasonably It's a joke. It's a joke. It's a Greg. I mean, tip line. Listen, so someone went out. One of 'em sounds like Joey Reeves. Is that Joey Re Folks get outta these liberal cities as soon as you can.


These are your neighbors there. I lived in them my entire life. New York City when I grew up was not like this. It transformed. Get outta these places as soon as you can. Move to Florida, move to Texas. Only if you're a conservative, you're a liberal. We're closed. There's a passport. Check at the border, you're not gonna make it. I'm very sorry to tell you that. Thanks so much for tuning in folks. I have a small favor to ask you. Please download the Rumble app If you wanna subscribe to Rumble Premium. The programmatic ads are not in the show. The live reads are, but you won't have to deal with any ads. So Rumble Premium is fantastic. Love it. Please download the Rumble app. It is free. Or go to rumble.com/bonino. Give us a follow. And If you could help us out on Apple Podcasts and Spotify, it would mean the world to me.


Just search The Dan Bongino Show there. Give us a follow on those platforms as well. Helps us stay on the top charts, people. Discover the content that way. Thank you so much. See you on the radio show here in Rumble in a few minutes. And back here on Monday at 11:00 AM Eastern Time. See you then. You Just heard The Dan Bongino Show.