
In these crazy times, there's peace of mind and security. But think about this. You're not financially secure. If all your eggs are in one basket, gold and silver can be an excellent way to diversify your savings. Through my friends at Birch Gold Group, you can own physical gold and silver and attack sheltered retirement account. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and receive a free no obligation information kit. This is the one thing you can do to help secure your family savings. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Message and data rate supply.


Dan Bonino. Welcome to the Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino. Trump goes out and talks to hostile audiences. He'll talk to anyone anywhere. He doesn't need a focus group. He doesn't need cue cards. He'll talk to anyone and people respect it. I'm not saying any politician can get away with what Trump does. They couldn't. I'm telling you right now, don't try to replicate his strategy because it's not gonna work. But you think Kamala Harris, do you really believe this? You know, it's, it's preposterous to even think of, but Can, you imagine Kamala Harris subjecting herself to an extended interview from conservative journalists in a way like that, that Trump is doing to these liberal black journalists. I'm gonna put an offer out there.


Folks from the bonito army. I need a favor. Go on X Tag the Kamala Harris account. Cut this clip If. you have to. I am promising her on my honor a fair interview. I will not interrupt her. I'll even give them the questions in advance. I'll give them 10. They can pick five. How about that? Kamala Harris is willing to come on my radio show and do a just a 18 minute interview or so. I will, I will let them pick. I'll post 10 questions. They can pick five. I guarantee you she won't do it. Trump does. Little time. Trump goes anywhere.


Urban Radio, country Radio, national Association of Black Journalists South Bronx, which Kamala Harris going, she won't do it. So let me say Trump's the bad guy because he talks to people who would be his natural ideological opposition. A group of journalists, black or otherwise who don't like him and what he's the one to be Pilly. 'cause he said the truth. Kamala Harris has said multiple times different things to different people depending on where she thinks she can get power from. Of course, this thing was a big W. Anyone telling you otherwise is full of shit. That's why Ellie Missile's flipping out. He was Trump yesterday.


Here's how the thing opens up. The lady goes after him right away. Question number one, after delaying the guy for a half an hour and then blaming him for their delays, which by the way, no one even knows if that was intentional or not yet. I don't trust journalists at all. Here's Donald Trump just absolutely wrecking these journalists. Check this out. I won the case. And I got very little publicity. I didn't notice a, B, c doing any publicity on it. George, we come to extensively. Sir, I'd love to move over onto different topic. I I didn't notice you do any publicity on it at all. I won the case. The biggest case, this was, this is an attack on a political opponent. I have another one where I have hostile judge. Sir If, you don't mind? I'd love to judge. We have you for a limited time, sir. I'd love to move on to different topics.


Excuse. You're the one that held me up at 35 minutes. Just so you mistake, You understand how this stuff, the American people generally hate journalists 'cause they're liars. Just go out and look at any public survey on what even Democrats think. There's a substantial swath of Democrats that don't like journalists. They see Trump as the hero in this. It's amazing how many people think this was a net negative for him yesterday. They don't understand at all how he came out of this with a Triple W more in a minute.


But first, look, most of us aren't trying to become elite international athletes, but who doesn't wanna feel strong, healthy, and end of day with some energy left in the tank That's not happening without good nutrition. That's why I take Field of Greens. It's whole organic fruits and vegetables. No extracts, no lab made stuff. Just one scoop a day gives you simple real nutrition. Field of greens feed your body with fruits and vegetables medically chosen to support your heart. Vital organs and immune system. I feel a difference when I take field of greens. I've been using it for a long time. Here's some improvements. I've seen steady energy throughout the day. No afternoon crashes. My sleep is better. Even my stomach feels better. Field of greens is my go-to for getting the nutrients I need. Even on those bad eating days. I'm sure you love field greens, but If, you don't. You can return it for a full refund. I got you. 15% off your first order and free rush shipping. Visit brick house nutrition.com/dan and use promo code Dan. That's promo code dan@brickhousenutrition.com slash dan brickhouse nutrition.com/dan.


Here's one more clip. And I. Want to get to something else? And our best asset right now is Kamala, who's a total faking a phony. He absolutely crushes this race baiting journalist trying to again falsely defame this guy as a racist. He has no evidence of that at all. Do Donald Trump has shown nothing but a history of being kind to people of all racial and ethnic groups. They just making this up. No one ever said this in the past when he wasn't a Republican. They made it up and no, he doesn't have to take it. This is exactly how you deal with these buffoons. Watch this. You have used words like animal and rabid to describe black district attorneys. You've attacked black journalists calling them a loser, saying the questions that they ask are stupid and racist.


You've had dinner with a white supremacist at your Mar-a-Lago resort. So my question, sir, now that you are asking black supporters to vote for you, why should black voters trust you after you have used language like that? Well, first of all, I don't think I've ever been asked a question. So in in such a horrible manner, the first question, you don't even say, hello. How are you? Are you with A, B, C? Because I think they're a fake news network. A terrible network. And. I. Think it's disgraceful that I came here in good spirit. I love the black population of this country.


I've done so much for the black population of this country. That is exactly how you deal with these people. Folks, the woman was not asking a question. So Donald Trump has no obligation whatsoever to answer her non-question. If she's going to make a political statement, then Donald Trump has every single moral and ethical right to respond with a statement of his own. That was not a question. It had a question mark at the end, but it was, it was a declarative statement. I think you're a racist and here's why. None of that's any evidence whatsoever of him being a racist.


Again, people make mistakes and do things. I'm sure he wish he could take a lot of his stuff back. There is zero evidence whatsoever. Any of those false defamatory statements she made are actually a basis for a racism charge. She's just making it up. Nobody. Nobody paddles right back pickleball style than Donald Trump. And folks listen to me. Our best asset right now is Kamala. You think that comment yesterday about race and everything is gonna damage Trump. I'm telling you, you're reading this all wrong. You can say all you want racist race. You've said it so many times, no one's listening. That's not the point he was making.


He was making the point that this woman is a total phony. She goes in front of liberal groups and she's a straight up communist. She goes in front of middle class union workers and she pretends to be a moderate Democrat. Does she not realize that X and rumble and YouTube and truth and Facebook, these clips live on forever? She just said this stuff, Ladies and gentlemen, a few years ago, not in the Halon days of 1964, here she was just a few years ago in this short clip. 'cause she's such an environmental lunatic, one of these green New deal cow farting people.


Here she is implying that young people shouldn't have children. This is how crazy this woman is. She's our best asset. Her watch, I've heard young leaders talk with me about a, a term they've coined called climate anxiety Period, right? Which is fear of, of, of the future and the unknown of whether it makes sense for you to even think about having children. Whether it makes You is I don, I don't. Are you justifying the end of the human race over foe climate anxiety and fake, fake apocalyptic predictions about the end of the earth that your left wing lunatic friends have told you the Dan Bongino Show?


If you'd like to hear more, subscribe to the Dan Bongino Show wherever you get your podcast.