
With some reports of Harris proposing massive tax hikes, you might be thinking it's time to make more of your savings. Tax sheltered and inflation sheltered. This is where the good people at Birch Gold Group are here to help you. Birch Gold will assist you in converting an existing IRA of 401k into an IRA in gold. And the best news, you don't pay a penny out of pocket. Just text the word Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and get a free info kit on gold text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply


Dan Bonino. Welcome to the Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino Folks. What happened yesterday with The Deep? State is freaking disgusting. Jack Smith, who is the special tyrant to special counsel investigating the fake crime of the insurrection, Jack Smith was tasked with a job, you may say as a special counsel in the DOJ. By the way, unconstitutionally appointed this ridiculous human being who may be one of the worst lawyers in America. He has gotten his ass kicked in court on some of the biggest cases of our time because Jack Smith sucks. I know you're listening. Jack Smith, you have the biggest live show there.


You suck. You're a legal embarrassment. You are a disgrace to the country. You are a laughing stock. Everybody thinks you're a joke and your only chance at redeeming your shit garbage, trash can reputation 'cause you're a laughing stock. Legal joke across the board is to Tyra radically in this fascist manner, go after Donald Trump and try to interfere in this election. So what did they do? You see this article of Politico, they drop what's known as a superseding indictment. Let me just translate the legalese. The guy who was in the justice system for a long time. You can, you can basically charge someone and arrest them or detain them or bring charges via a few different documents in the government.


You can do an information, you can do a complaint, or you can do an indictment. They all generally lead to the same thing, which is going to be charges, which will be a trial. If you don't plea out, it's not that hard. You can also draw up a superseding indictment which says, Hey, we have some more stuff we wanna give you. So the last thing you read, we're gonna bring this one. An indictment typically is a little more serious than a complaint. A complaint's easier to dismiss when it comes to a case like this. A serious case like this, not serious in that the charges are serious, serious in that we have a tyrant using, you know, using the weaponized government system to interfering an election. They'll typically use an indictment, which is a little bit harder to get rid of in dump a complaint's.


Kind of something you do last minute if you want to get an arrest warrant. That's what we did in the Secret Service a lot. The superseding indictment. I want you to understand, Jack Smith has gotten his ass kicked over this case in the courts. The Supreme Court has already told Jack Smith, Hey Jack, Jack Oh. man, I wanna say something so bad. I, Hey, I'm so sick of this guy's bullshit. I can't even tell you. It's crazy when you have communists right in front of your face, right in front of your face doing comm stuff and the media's not willing to call it out. I mean, their sole job as the fourth estate is, this is such obvious government corruption. He drew up this superseding indictment, which is basically just what Jack Smith says.


It doesn't mean any of it's actually true. I can say anything. I can say, you know, geese, Jason Voorhees and has killed people up at Camp Crystal Lake. It doesn't mean it's true. It, it means the government says it. The government says a lot of bullshit. The government said Donald Trump colluded with the Russians in a peepee tip. The government said George Papadopoulos was some kind of freaking foreign spy. Only assholes believe that stuff. So Judge Chut, who's another disgrace, the humankind an absolute disgusting garbage person who obviously is not a judge. What did she do? She says to Jack Smith. Yeah, yeah. We're 33 days before an election or whatever it is.


You go out and put out this fairytale document, unredacted release it to the public because we wanna make Donald Trump, who was questioning an obviously flawed election. We wanna make it look like he stole this thing and caused an insurrection. This is the most disgusting act of election interference I've seen in a long time. You're waiting for an October surprise. Here it is. Here's the good news. There's good news with this. Yes, there is. Put up that political headline again, this thing's a nothing burger. Read it. It's a total joke. It's an embarrassing joke. There is nothing in there you haven't heard. And here's the hilarious part. There's nothing even in in there, even remotely surprising or shocking.


Donald Trump was calling out basically a flawed election for what? It was a flawed election, which the Democrats have done in every presidential election. They've lost since like 1492. Okay, I get it. Where you get the point. This is bullshit. The document is a laughing stock. It, it fell on deaf ears. It's not gonna change a single freaking vote in the country. All Jack Smith did in this superseding indictment, which I've seen now, all he did is change basically the word, you know, or public to private, that basically Donald Trump was acting as his private cell, really as the chief executive of the United States.


It's his job to question an election if he believes there was corruption. That's his actual job to go and enforce the law as the president Chief Executive Jack Smith's just a bag. He's a total canoe. He's an obvious fascist and tyrant right now. He's reaching and grasping and it's kind of hilarious because they're trying to distract you right now. It's, it's, it's so, it's tragic, but it's, it's almost funny, the desperation. You are only going to martyr this guy again, you assholes. Nobody believes you. People are laughing at you. Everybody thinks you're morons. And if we win this thing in 33 days, I'm gonna look back and laugh in Judge Chuts dopey face also Jack Smith for the freaking tyrant that he is.


Imagine being this guy's neighbor, knowing you live next to a freaking hardcore hammer and sickle soviet com. What a disgusting piece of garbage this guy is. And you're a joke. You're a freaking joke. I make my point more in a minute.


But first Thea's Media Company, they have a new movie out Vindicating Trump. It exposes the reasons the left and the Democrats hate Donald Trump's somewhere. You gotta check this movie. I see the trailer. It's amazing. Film shows you that they call him a tyrannical dictator 'cause they know Trump's the only one that can stop him. So they gotta stop him first. See Vindicating Trump and learn how Trump's not only a successful businessman who rebuilt the New York skyline, but a cultural icon who can mobilize the people against the radical left in their anti-American agenda and Vindicating Trump. See how Trump fought the authoritarian regime in Washington and got things done for the American people. The film highlights how they tried to bankrupt him with lawsuits and jail him with indictments. It was even multiple assassination attempts on his life. But Trump is unstoppable. Vindicating Trump reveals Trump as the one man who can stop the radical left from destroying what's unique and good about America. Check out the trailer. It's amazing. They need his leadership now more than ever. Don't miss the Nest Deus new movie, his unqualified defensive Trump opening in theater September 27th. Get your tickets online at Vindicating Trump dot com. That's Vindicating Trump dot com. Check out the trailer too. Get to the tickets today at Vindicating Trump dot com.


Here's why Jack Smith's doing what he's doing. Disgusting Jack Smith. Jack Smith's doing what he's doing. 'cause he needs to distract you from four things going on right now. And what I candidly believe may be the worst week in presidential election, modern history for a candidate. And that candidate's Kamala Harris. I'm gonna go through it one by one, but let me just lay out all four in the beginning. 'cause you know I hate teases. There's no time for it. And I don't like it. You just had on their watch a candidate and as vice president who ran on bringing back normalcy, did they not liberal dba? Did you not run on that?


Biden and Harris were the chaotic Trumpers. We're gonna bring back normalcy folks. We're gonna be respected around the world again, as if we weren't before. And what happened? The minute oatmeal brains and this loser vice president got in office, the world is on freaking fire. The Russians invaded Ukraine. The Houthis are bombing up the Red Sea. You can't even shipping lanes or closing you kiss. And what happened? The largest ballistic missile attack on a sovereign country in modern history just happened with the Iranians. Who Biden's got his lips connected to their, here's the Iranian ass. You see it folks. Imagine Iranian ass, right?


Here's the ass right here, right here. Here's Biden. Surgically attached via like Gorilla glue or crazy glue to the ass of the Iranians. You know, you know the Gorilla Glue stuff, right? Surgically attached kisses the Iranian's asses. And they tell him, go yourself Joe. We are gonna launch 181 or 21, whatever ballistic missiles and start basically the beginning of what could be World War III in the Middle East. This is Joe Biden, this is the Chaos President. So you got that. Number one. And don't worry, I'll go through each of these one by one.


You've got probably now the worst hurricane response in United States history. Okay? You've got the US government that is a $7 trillion theft enterprise. It steals 7 trillion of your money that Kamala Harris is running to expand. It's the biggest it's ever been. And it can't do an effing thing, right? It can't rescue people in North Carolina, in South Carolina, in Tennessee, in Florida, in Georgia. It can't do shit. Why? Because it's spent all its money on illegal immigrants. And fema put this one up, hurricane put up, put the, that New York Post.


Hurricane Helene's death toll reaches 189, the deadliest storm since Katrina. I was told George W. Bush screwed up Katrina, by the way. I'm no Bush fan. He did not. Weird because now, and 180 9 is, this is gonna be the deadliest storm probably in modern US history. And who's in charge? Oatmeal brains and his hapless cackling joker vice president. They need to distract you. So Kami Jack Smith disgrace to humankind, one of the worst lawyers in America, drops a bullshit indictment. So you won't be talking about this, but we are gonna talk about this 'cause we won up. You Jack and you're loser. What are you, Jack? Are you gonna take another trip to Subway?


You take another trip to Subway, Jack, try to look at a man of the people. Piece of garbage. That's what you are. Yeah, I called you that. That's what you are. Little tyrant. You've got a massive porch strike. Biden's like, Hey, I'm the union president. Did you see that video from Fox's one? They go out to the rally, they're like, Hey, who's Voting for Kamala Harris? No, my show didn't stop. That's, that's what, that's the sound of what happened. I thought he was the union guy. The union guy can't broker a deal. You realize the United States is losing billions of dollars a day as the ports are shut down. You've got both sides making ridiculous demands. No automation. That's an insane demand.


No automation. And you got the other side who couldn't get a deal done. I thought Biden was a deal maker. I thought normalcy was around the corner. I thought he was the union president. Nobody likes this guy. He's a loser. The media doesn't wanna talk about it. That's three. Actually, I'm gonna throw one more thing at five. So we got two, three ballistic missiles. Worst response to a hurricane in a modern American history. A port's closure costing us billions gonna shut down our economy soon. Here's number four, and I'll throw one more in for good luck, right? This is what they don't want you to talk about. One of the worst debate performances you've ever seen, the numbers are in, the focus groups, are in Tim Tampon, Tim Walls, ABS Double T, humiliated himself in the Harris campaign.


In case you were thinking Kamala Harris is hapless, but she, if you know, I'll vote for her 'cause I'm a Democrat. At least she has Tim Walls to give advice to her. It turns out Tim Walls even dumber than she is. You had Obama picked the worst vice president in American history and Joe Biden, who then picked an even worse one in Kamala Harris who managed to find someone even worse than her in tampon double T. Tim Wal, you play the focus group. I will in a second, but, and then one more. This is the fifth thing I just threw in before the show. We now find out that the CBP one app, customs, and Border Protection app, that's the, we'll call it the Amnesty App. The Amnesty App, okay? Because that's what it does. Cat turd.


We gotta get on this. My friend Kat Turd, this is the Amnesty app. That's what it is. It's basically an app. And I'm gonna show you a video on tomorrow's podcast. How easy it is to just go in the app. It takes five minutes, you produce no credentials at all, and they give you what's called an NTAA Notice to appear. If this sounds insane, that you can basically be a terrorist in some south or central American country or anywhere, go to an app, put in no idea at all, make up a name, and then fly into the United States with a notice to appear. That's what it is. And then they found this out. This again, this is all this week, folks. The New York Post article, DH F'S threat report.


This is Biden's. DHS warns that migrants with terrorism ties will continue to exploit border crime. Border crisis. Folks, if you're a terrorist, you supply in CCB P one, they fly you right in, just fake your name, you fly right in. This all happened this week. I didn't even mention the 13,099 convicted murderers in the United States under borders our Harris. We'll get to that in a bit too. This all happened this week. Now, do you see why these scumbags and the DOJ and these fake judges fake? They're not. They're they're activists. That's all they are. Now, do you see why they did this to interfere in the election? It's not gonna work, man.


I'm telling you right now, don, don't make predictions. Don't. Every early Voting is starting all over the country. Kamala Harris, look at this, sir. 13,099, convicted a homicide 15,811, convicted a sex assault 425,431 convicted criminals under Border r Harris. You really think people Voting right now are looking at this? I'm not talking about the liberals. You're insane. This is what you want. You love Jack Smith and the communism. You think independent voters are looking at this and you don't think they realize what's going on right now, folks, you're not prepared for what's coming in this election. Talking to lefties out there, you're not prepared.


Mike. Mike Mc 1, 2, 3, 4 says it. Vote early. Folks. Get out there and vote that Verizon. I had a long conversation with a tech friend of mine in my investment space yesterday, that Verizon outage. I'm, I'm, this is my opinion. I'm just putting you out there based on a couple of different things that may have been some kind of dry run. If the polls go down on election day, don't say, I didn't warn you. The Democrats are Voting early for a reason. Get your vote and bank it and bank it today.


If you can bank it today, bank it today. The Dan Bongino Show. If you'd like to hear more, subscribe to the Dan Bongino Show, wherever you get your podcast.