
Hey, Vino Army. I'm Haley Caria, host of Nightly Scroll with Hailey. VINCE will be on in just a moment, but I wanna invite you all to join me at 6:00 PM Eastern time, every weeknight to come scroll with me and the rest of the homies. But don't worry If you miss it, you can always find the show after it's live on any of your favorite podcast platforms when you search nightly. Scroll with Haley. I'll see you there.


Hey everybody. Welcome to VINCE. Always so good to have you with us here on the program. I've got a massive, massive show for you today. We have a very consequential nominee that President Trump is trying to get through the United States Senate right now. His name is Ed Martin. This is one of the biggest and most underappreciated stories in the entire country. I'm gonna break down everything that's going on, the Republican senators who are set to betray President Trump's voters and what this will mean for the country. We've got a lot to get into, a lot of news happening. We've got some big things at the White House going after gain of function research.


I'm telling you, this is a massive, massive show today. You don't wanna miss a moment of it. Great to have you with us. As always. If you're watching live, that's on rumble.com/ VINCE. Yes indeed. You can watch us live. Get involved in the chat there. We've got so many people already there. If you're listening to the podcast right now, I encourage you to get in on that chat at some point and join us here. But this is gonna be a very, very big show today. So buckle up. Here we go. We we're gonna talk about all that.


First, I've gotta concentrate on our sponsors, which make all of this possible so we can get these important messages out. You know, debt doesn't just show up one day. It builds little by little credit cards, car loans, medical bills, and then suddenly you're juggling all the payments and you're feeling stuck. I get it. But here's the good news, you're not stuck. You just need a reset. At American Financing, they help homeowners like you every single day. They use your home's equity, and they roll that high interest debt into one simple, affordable payment. They're saving homeowners an average of $800 a month. No judgment, no pressure, just real solutions that actually put you back in control. Just imagine breathing again, sleeping again, knowing that your future is yours to shape. It starts with one call. It only takes 10 minutes to get started, and there are no upfront fees, so it costs nothing to find out about how much you can save. If you start today, you may be able to delay your next two mortgage payments. American financing's, salary based consultants are ready to listen and ready to help. So take back your peace of mind with American financing. Call American Financing today at (888) 879-6460. That's 8 8 8 8 7 9 64 60 American financing.net/ VINCE NLS number 1 8 2 3 3 4 NMLS consumer access.org.


Yes, yes, yes indeed. Somebody says in the chat, oh a lot, Azteca. Good morning. I don't have a seatbelt. I like your style, but if you've got a seatbelt, buckle up today because I need to talk to you about Ed Martin Fellows. Put, If you would put this photo of Ed Martin up that I have on screen right now. It's not the best photo of Ed Martin that's available, but it is a photo of Ed Martin that's available. It was posted by Politico. There he is. It was posted by Politico in an article designed, I think, to attack Ed Martin, which is why they, they try and choose a photo that's not very flattering of you when they post these things. If they're trying to hurt you, photo selection is a choice, but there he is. He's the acting US attorney, ed Martin for the, for Washington dc.


And President Trump wants this guy to be the permanent guy, the Senate confirmed guy. But the clock is ticking everybody. The clock is ticking to make him the permanent US attorney here in Washington DC And let me just emphasize to you why this is so completely important. Ed Martin is not a mystery. Ed Martin is a conservative. Ed Martin is a man who believes in law and order. He's a real attorney with a real sworn obligation to uphold the Constitution of the United States and bring about a piece, especially in the District of Columbia where there has been nothing but chaos under left wing rule.


Ed Martin is a supporter of you. He's a supporter of me, and most importantly, he is a supporter of the Constitution. As I said, his predecessor in the role of US attorney in Washington DC is a fellow called Matthew Graves. Matthew Graves is the US attorney who did everything that he could humanly do to destroy the lives of January 6th. Defendants while Joe Biden was in office, thousands upon thousands of prosecutions coming out of one US attorney's office, the District of Columbia, to destroy the lives of people who voted for Trump and didn't vote for Biden. That was it. They wanted to crush any support for the President and they were using January 6th defendants to do it.


So that's what it used to be. In this DCUS attorney job, I need you to understand how important it is. This job is not like any other US attorney job in the entire country. DCUS attorney. That job involves prosecuting local criminal offenses in your nation's capital. So normally in other states around the country, you have state's attorneys, you have Commonwealth's attorneys, you have state prosecutors who handle those cases. In the District of Columbia, you have A-D-C-U-S attorney who handles local arrests. So when cops place the handcuffs on an adult who commits a crime in the nation's capitol, it is up to the US attorney in the District of Columbia whether or not they're gonna pursue a prosecution against them.


Now, there's all sorts of reasons that prosecutors will not pursue further prosecutions after an arrest. Maybe they think the evidence isn't strong enough to hold up in court. That could be the explanation. But by and large, if a prosecutor is supporting law enforcement in an environment where you want peace, you need to prosecute crimes. When cops catch criminals, it's a very straightforward piece of math. You know what Matthew Graves did? The guy who was crushing the lives of January 6th people, he didn't prosecute. In fact, 67% of all arrests in the district went un prosecuted under Matthew Graves. That's the way the left handles all of this.


That's the way the left handles it. Meanwhile, what is Ed Martin doing? Well, lucky for, for the country. I was on the phone this morning making calls to a bunch of sources about what's happening with Ed Martin here and Ed Martin has been a 180 degree change from left wing, the left wing prosecutor who was running the US Attorney's office in dc. So Matthew Graves didn't prosecute 67% of the arrests ma under Ed Martin right now acting US attorney, he is papering that is prosecuting 65% of all arrests in the District of Columbia. This is a massive change.


These are law enforcement sources telling me this this morning. 65% of all arrests now finally being prosecuted, that is a radical change to in the, in the correct the direction here. And so this is a guy who needs to be in this job. M Dany says, okay, get to the point, VINCE, you're getting too long-winded. What's the hold of? What do we need to do? Settle down M Dan, I'm getting there. I need people to understand something though. You need to understand how good this guy is and why he deserves your support, why he deserves your support. So President Trump names him, the Acting US Attorney on day one.


Day one, and he's been here since then. And, But that his time is running out the clock is running out on that Acting US attorney position at 120 days. He is done. That puts us at May 20th. If May 20th arrives and this man is not confirmed to be the guy, well then he's out. And right now there are United States senators who are trying to prevent him from going the distance from getting through. This is giant among them. Adam Schiff is leading the charge to block Ed Martin from becoming the nominee Adam Schiff in his capacity as a Democrat senator.


Now, quite unfortunately is, let me, let me pull up gentlemen, will you put this up on screen? Here's Adam Schiff. April 1st has placed a hold on Ed Martin's nomination to be the DCUS attorney. CBS is referring to this as a controversial choice. President Trump's controversial choice to be the top federal prosecutor in Washington DC. Ed Martin faces an uncertain future as a Senate Democrat plans to put an indefinite hold on his nomination, Martin a Stop the Steal Advocate. Okay, that tells you something. And a former defense attorney who represented Capitol Riot defendants that would be January 6th people, is Mr.


Trump's nominee to be the US attorney for the District of Columbia. And Senator Adam Schiff, a first term Democrat from California, plans to hold his nomination amid a growing number of controversial statements and decisions made by Martin. Okay, so Adam Schiff is starting the blockade, but he is not alone as of today. I have learned that it is Tom Tillis, Republican senator of North Carolina, who is doing the most among Republicans to block the advancement of Ed Martin to stop him from moving forward.


Now, Tillis is not doing this in a public way. Tillis is doing this in a snake-like behind the scenes way. Tillis is using procedural efforts behind the scenes to run out the clock on Ed Martin to prevent him from becoming the Senate confirmed US attorney for the District of Columbia. That's what's happening right now. Now I've noticed that there are conservatives who've been in his comments lately on social media telling Tillis, confirm Ed Martin and I can. And I encourage you to join them in that effort today.


Get in touch with Tom Tillis, especially If you are a North Carolina resident. Make that phone call to his Senate office and let him know that you are watching and you want Ed Martin to be confirmed to this role. Ed Martin is a patriot. If you're the kind of person like me who wants accountability for the people who break laws in this country who've committed violations of the law under the prior administration, and you wanna hold them accountable, you need a US attorney who stands ready to do that. When Ed Martin arrived at the DCUS attorney's office, just as the acting US attorney, it instantly caused chaos among the deep state entities that were working in that office.


He began firing prosecutors who were terrorizing January 6th. Defendants prosecutors who were working in that office who disagree with his focus on going after street crime and holding criminals accountable began quitting the office. That's instantly an A a a a massive improvement. Ed Martin has also done things like sent a letter to Chuck Schumer. You remember Chuck Schumer, of course, the leader of the Democrats in the Senate demanding that he account for his threats against United States Supreme Court Justices while standing on the steps of the United States Supreme Court. Ed Martin has asked for an explanation from Chuck Schumer for that not a small deal.


When a, when a US attorney sends a request, explain yourself as Chuck Schumer threatens the United States Supreme Court. And of course you knew what happened Afterward, afterwards, there were attempts on the lives of Supreme Court justices to include an assassination attempt on Brett Kavanaugh outside of his home. So yes, it makes a lot of sense for a US attorney to ask Chuck Schumer to account for himself here. Ed Martin has done that. Ed Martin has done that. Ed Martin has also reportedly begun probing the pardons that Joe Biden threw out under the autopen arrangement.


Ed Martin has been requesting information from Biden officials about the decision to issue pardons to people like Biden's entire family, Anthony Fauci, Liz Cheney, the whole lot of them, and whether or not Joe Biden was even competent enough to actually issue those pardons in the first place. Ed Martin has been doing this as acting US attorney. I am telling you right now, this is precisely the guy that we want in this job. And at the moment, people like Adam Schiff and Tom Tillis are trying to stop the president from getting what he wants. And this is the thing that we want for our country.


Now let me pull up the president of the United States because last night on truth social, he is pulling up, he, he posted this item that you need to see. He said, ed Martin is going through the approval process to be the US attorney in the District of Columbia right now, according to many, but in particular Robert F. Kennedy Jr. His approval is imperative in terms of doing all that has to be done to save lives and to make America healthy again. This is a passion for Ed more so than for almost anyone that I have seen. One of the reasons I was so successful in winning the 2024 presidential election is my commitment to health and helping to make America healthy. The cost of the chronic disease epidemic has gotten out of control over the past four years of the Biden presidency.


We are going to take our country back and fast. Ed Martin will be a big player in doing so, and I hope that the Republican senators will make a commitment to his approval, which is now before them. Ed is coming up on the deadline for voting and if approved, he will not let you down when someday in the future, you look back at your vote for Ed Martin, you will be very proud of what you have done for America and America's Health Make America great again. Now let me dwell on the value of this truth Social post. This is not merely President Trump's public advocacy for his nominee. It's not merely that, although it is. There are reports this morning that President Trump is calling all of these United States Senators one would assume Tom Tillis among them saying you have to get Ed Martin through.


But that true social post, did you notice the theme of it? The topic of it in it, the president is emphasizing that it is RFK Jr who is pushing for this and he is doing it on the, on the basis of health Make America healthy again. Now, what would the US attorney in Washington, DC let's just think this through, what does the US attorney for Washington DC have to do with the MAHA agenda? Why would Ed Martin as US attorney in DC be involved in Make America healthy again? What would that be about? Well, the job of a prosecutor is to prosecute. So if there are people who have violated laws related to America's health and RFK Junior is calling for a prosecutor to be in position, you know what RFK wants?


RFK wants to make criminal referrals to this guy. He wants to hand off criminal referrals to that US attorney so that he can actually do something with them. Now, what kind of criminal referrals could RFK be making? Well, we just did a whole show last week. If you haven't seen it, go back on the VINCE podcast, check it out. We did a whole show last week that there are tens of thousands of children missing in the United States of America who have been subjected to sex and labor trafficking and that that RFK is unwinding the criminality that is going on there. So RFK, this is just an educated guess, but among the things that RFK JR is gonna want to refer for prosecution, it could be the violation of all of these children that was aided and abed by the Biden administration that imported them into the United States.


So that would be good for a prosecutor, wouldn't it? To take care of, yes, it would. And Ed Martin is the kind of guy who absolutely hates when children are victimized and wants to crush criminals. Who would dare victimize a child? He's the perfect guy for it. Additionally, were there crimes committed by federal government officials related to Covid? That's critical. And RFK Junior is right at the center of getting to the bottom of this coming up. I'll show you some of the clips from the Oval Office yesterday as they go after gain of function research, the president forbidding any of this risky gain of function research happening in foreign countries from happening any further, no more funding for that, he says.


But in the midst of all of this going after the criminals responsible for Covid and all of the ensuing chaos that came after that, well, that may be a role for Ed Martin as the US attorney for Washington dc. So RFK Junior is now getting involved in advocacy for that, telling the president this guy has to get through. Not a small detail. Don't miss that element here. Don't miss him. So there's that. There's that. So again, what I'm learning today, law enforcement sources are thrilled with Ed Martin. It has been a radical change in Washington DC because he's actually prosecuting criminals. He's actually prosecuting people who commit assaults on police officers, which is not something that the US attorneys were doing before these left wing US attorneys were downgrading assaults on police officers as nothing more than simple assaults.


Ed Martin doesn't play those games. He prosecutes you for assaulting a police officer if that's what you do, if that's what you do. And so that has been a radical change. The cops in DC love Ed Martin because Ed Martin supports them and makes sure that the risks that they're undertaking are actually worth it because the criminals that they catch, they've gotta be prosecuted. That's the only way you stop all of this. And we're coming up on the summer months and the crime gets even worse in the summer months. And if we don't have a good US attorney in DC in place, it's gonna be a total disaster. A total disaster. And so, so Tom Tillis, I'll just give you this note before we, before we take a quick break for our sponsors just to tell you how this this show gets funded and, and we appreciate that.


But here's where, here's where I am with Tom Tillis this morning. We have reached out now to Senator Tillis and asked him to Come on this program, and I've given him carte blanche. He can Come on this program, he can Come on the radio show. But I want a conversation with you, Senator, you have an open invitation right now to join me on either the podcast or the radio show. Let's have this conversation. Why are you blocking Ed Martin right now? Why are you getting in a way in the way of a guy who's been a radically, a dramatically improved prosecutor for the District of Columbia already? He's proven himself as DC US attorney and he's ready to do great things as the permanent US attorney, as the Senate confirmed us attorney for Washington DC Why pray?


Tell, are you blocking Ed Martin? The least that you can do is justify to the American people and especially the voters in North Carolina, why you are getting in his way right now. And I'm off offering you a big opportunity to Come on this program and explain it, or to Come on my radio show and explain it. Tell the nation why you're blockading this guy, why you're in league with Adam Schiff, how you found yourself on the same side of the aisle as that guy who has committed so many horrific violations of the obligations of his office in order to advance a cruel political agenda. Why are you on his side? I'd love to know the answer and I stand ready to ask you in person


Ummour than a moment. There seems to be something happening with our farmland here in the United States that's not getting enough attention. Reports say the Chinese companies, Chinese companies have been buying up hundreds of thousands of acres of US farmland. It's also said they're trying to take control over critical supply chains. Things like fertilizer, animal feed, farming equipment, why it appears they're tightening their grip on global food production. And if things go south, we need to be ready. This is why I trust My Patriot Supply. You know, they're America's largest emergency preparedness company right now. When you purchase their four week emergency food supply, you're gonna get four free 72 hour food kits, an extra 12 days of food absolutely free. That's four weeks of delicious meals that last up to 25 years delivering over 2000 calories per day. Shipped fast and free. We can't control what China does, but we can control how prepared we are with My Patriot Supply. Go to prepare with VINCE dot com today and you can claim your 12 days of free food with qualifying purchase shop now at prepare with VINCE dot com. Prepare with VINCE dot com. Alright, so Tom Tillis, not the first time he's done something like this, by the way, during the Trump administration, Tillis has been a part of the efforts to strip President Trump of his ability to fight back in this trade war, to strip his tariff powers away.


How does that help North Carolina? How does that help the furniture industry in High Point? How does that help anybody in our country? It's working against our interests. And so Tom Tellis, I think he has a lot to answer for, and I'd love to be the guy to ask him some of these questions. So again, we have requests out now with his office as, as at this hour, at least from the moment we went live. I haven't heard back from him yet, but the second we do, we'll let You know. This is a a very, very big deal. Yeah, that guy, that guy that's Tom Tillis and the, and up there a better photo of Ed Martin than the one I started with today. But there's Ed and and there's my mug, You know, in some random photo we took down in Florida.


Yeah. So to, so Tom Tellis has a lot to answer for now, tell us not alone here among the other senators who are issuing some concern here. Texas Republican Senator John Cornyn Martin, apparently once Deri derided him as soft first, which is a good way to describe John corny for supporting a bipartisan gun safety bill. That's how CNN describes it. That would be a gun grabber bill. So is in, in summary, let me just let, let me just tell you what the truth is of this stupid c and n piece that, oh, Cornin supported a bipartisan gun safety bill that would be a gun grabber bill.


And Ed Martin said, well, you're soft for doing that. You should have never done that. And so now Cornin is saying that Martin is quote, controversial and corny would like a hearing, a, a confirmation hearing for the US attorney in dc This is designed to try and slow him down and defeat him. This, this, that should not happen. There are US attorneys in DC there are no confirmation hearings. They handle this behind the scenes through questionnaires, phone calls, and then they just confirm the US attorney for DC they don't have Senate hearings. That doesn't happen ever. And John Cornyin is apparently looking to gum up the works here to try and stop Ed Martin from getting through. So you have that CNN continues in other past comments. Martin referred to Utah, Senator John Corny as a supposed Republican and a traitor.


Oh, you see, now it's personal for voting to extend the deadline for ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment. Yeah, that's the, that's the crazy amendment that the left has been trying to advance for years so that women can be drafted into the military idiots. He said, Alaska Senator Lisa Murkowski pretends to represent conservatives and deserve to be primaried. So he is just been telling the truth a lot. And he praised the potential censure of Maine Republican senator Susan Collins because she voted to convict Trump in his second impeachment trial. Martin also said that Kentucky Senator Mitch McConnell was part of a swamp fix who became rich from their work in government. So Ed Martin just keeps telling the truth over and over and over again.


And that's why these rhinos in Congress are trying to stop him. That is what's happening right now. Now there's a, there's other elements here that you should hear. I've got some audio for you. Let's see if I can pull this up in, in, in just a moment, fellas. Hold on. So in CNN has highlighted this, this is a way to destroy his nomination. But I'm here to tell you that I love that he said this. Let me get the audio here. Every, It's not been Charged. Let me standby by. I I don't, I I apologize. This is a bit on my side of the aisle. This, this, this tech work. Lemme pull, pull this to the correct spot. Here we go.


All right, so here he is. Here's Ed Martin, he's talking on his own podcast. And in this audio he's saying that people who have misused their power to go after Trump need to be prosecuted for an organized crim criminal conspiracy. That would be a Rico violation. Fellas, take a listen to this. Listen To this is there is a path the US House could use its power. They could grant immunity to witnesses to bring them in. They could redo the select committee's, fake hearings, fake report, all the fake that they did, they could do now and bring it flooding forth. They could find out who the pipe bomber really is.


That's known by somebody, the pipe bomber who left a bomb in front of the Democrat headquarters and the Republican headquarters on, on at six o'clock on January 5th. And the, at one o'clock on January 6th, the two pipe bombs were discovered and became a predicate for locking down everything. Yes, here's my point. The Democrats are doing something systematically. It's not accidental. Byron Donalds the Congressman is right. It should be charged under Rico. It's a conspiracy. But the dem the Republicans, in order to prove that they have to go back and break down January 6th and they have the power to do it. Yeah. Okay, so that was some time ago. That was over a year ago.


Ed Martin saying on his own podcast that Hey, we need to prosecute these guys. We need to get to the bottom of all of this. And If you, if we find evidence of a criminal conspiracy, it needs to be charged as a criminal conspiracy. And this guy is, he is not, he's not a reckless talker or thinker. He qualifies every statement he makes with you. Find evidence for it first, meaning it actually occurred and then you prosecute it. You don't make up a crime. That's what the left does. You find the crime, you find evidence of the crime, and then you prosecute it. That's what Ed Martin's been saying, a Rico conspiracy. Now, CNN is holding that audio that I just played for you against him. Look how crazy he is.


He wants to go after Trump's political opponents. No, no, no. He wants to go after people who violated the law. Additionally, I've got another piece of audio for you here, bear with me. On in March of last year, 2024, he was talking about the corruption within the FBI. Now, again, CNN is using this against him. They're acting like he, he's committed some sort of crazy violation here. So here we go. Let me cue this up. Here we go. This is the audio. This is Ed Martin talking about corruption within the FB else Here. Here's that they're telling us the truth. But here's what I'd say. If the FBI really can't find out what happened, it's because somebody more power, either the FBI's corrupt, which I, I'm not willing to say yet, or someone bigger than the FBI has made it.


So you can, they can't figure it out. Think about that. Yeah, think about that. So there is, there's a lot of corruption going on here. And this is, so Ed Martin has been very focused on this January 6th pipe bomb stuff. And getting to the bottom of that, this guy, I'm telling you, If you like Cash Patel at the top of the FBI, If you like Dan Bonino as the deputy director of the FBI, If you like, the Justice Department picks that the president has been making in order to gather all the string to do this the right way and to prosecute people who actually deserve it. You desperately want Ed Martin in position.


This is the guy, he's a patriot. He's a patriot, and he needs to be in that job. And so that's what's happening. And he also, this is, let me fellas pull this up on screen. I'm gonna, I'm gonna show this NPR thing to people. Now, a top federal, this is NPR headline Top Federal prosecutor in Washington, previously defended January 6th. Rioters, NPR is using the fact that a lawyer represented clients as a weapon against him. Now, I don't care who you are. If you commit, If you are, if you're an Axe murderer in the United States under the Constitution, you are entitled to a legal defense.


It doesn't matter who you are. And here you have NPR attacking Ed Martin for defending January 6th people. That's insanity. This is a reason to support Ed Martin, not to attack him. And yet that's what NPR is doing. That's what he is doing, what they're doing. And then lastly, on this Ed Martin thing, I've got, I do, I do have a mountain of information in front of me and I'm trying to make sure to hit all of it with you today. As of this morning, there's a, there's a piece in Punch Bowl news, which is a, it's a DC publication.


And it says right now that Ed Martin, the Ed Martin confirmation at this hour remains in doubt even after Trump weighs in is the claim. Fellas, I'll, I'll tighten up a little bit here so you can see it. Even after Trump weighs in Ed Martin's troubled bid to become US attorney for the District of Columbias. In real doubt, after the Senate Judiciary Committee announced it wouldn't consider his nomination. This week, late Monday, Senate Judiciary Committee, Republicans noticed an executive business meeting for Thursday that does not include Martin's nomination. That is a choice, ladies and gentlemen. If they have a Senate judiciary meeting scheduled for Thursday, for Thursday, that doesn't include Martin's nomination, that is a procedural choice and Republicans run that committee.


They're not putting Ed Martin on the calendar on purpose because they're trying to run out the clock on this guy. They want him to go to May 20th so that he's no longer the US attorney. And let me emphasize something that the great Charlie Kirk is emphasizing this week, and that Senator Mike Lee is emphasizing this week about all of this. Do You know what happens if Ed Martin is no longer the US attorney? If, if the clock runs out on him on May 20th, if the clock runs out, judge Boberg gets to pick his replacement.


That's right. The DC federal lunatic Trump hating Judge Boberg, who is trying to take control of the nation's immigration policies, gets to appoint a US attorney in lieu of, in the event of a vacancy. If Ed Martin acting US attorney of DC is not confirmed by Senate Republicans before May 20th, radical Judge Boberg gets to choose his replacement. Charlie Kirk emphasizes if the Senate GOP doesn't confirm Ed in the next two weeks, we will have a Trump hating US attorney in the nation's capitol. The Senate must confirm Ed Martin right now, that's Charlie. And then there's this senator Mike Lee weighing in on this as well.


Do you want Judge Boberg choosing Ed Martin's replacement? If not, encourage your senators to confirm Ed Martin. Ed Martin, the clock is ticking. May 20th is now officially two weeks away, 14 days from now. Every single one of these senators needs to be called and told support Ed Martin and get your colleagues to support Ed Martin. Mike Lee shouldn't be the only senator who is saying this in public. People have to be out there right now. So call your own state senator for one and tell them please support Ed Martin and tell everybody else in the, in the Senate to do the same thing.


And then part two is, is the Tom Tillis component. Tom Tillis, I am told by sources, is the single biggest impediment right now in the Republican party to Ed Martin getting this confirmation. This guy, he needs to do it and he needs to be reminded that people are watching. That's what needs to happen. So whether that's on social media or contacting his senate office, that has to happen and he has to explain himself. He can't just do this. He can't just let this like happen behind the scenes. This is, this is what they try to do. They wanna do it outta your sight. Senators do this all the time. Members of Congress do this all the time. If they're gonna do something that you hate, they try and do it as quietly as possible so you don't notice. And Tom Tillis is undertaking that effort right now.


He opposes Ed Martin, he's trying to block him. He's using procedural efforts to get it done. And it, it's a disaster. And I talked to Senator Marsha Blackburn earlier this week. We had her on the radio show and she gave me, unfortunately, a troubling answer when I asked her about the state of the Ed Martin nomination. She gave me an answer that basically consisted of, well, You know, we've gotta support the President's agenda. This is not verbatim. I'm just remembering, remembering off the top of my head. We gotta support the President's agenda, whether it's Ed Martin or somebody else. She said, And it, and, and when I heard her say or somebody else that really hammered home just how on the rocks this nomination is right now. So thank you for letting me take you through that.


I I it's super important that this Ed Martin nomination get through. You have to know about it. And one of the things that I, I get here a lot from this amazing audience is people want action items. The action item today is get Ed Martin across the finish line. You know, he's a guy who supports cops, he supports law enforcement. He supports prosecuting actual criminals. He's a radical difference in a good way from DC control of the US Attorney's office. And it is way past time that he has this job on a Senate confirmed basis. So that's the update there. It's a, it's a really big one. In a moment, I'm gonna go down some of the other things that are happening, especially in DC because we need to, we need to get illegals outta the country.


The president yesterday was announcing that they're gonna start giving illegals a thousand bucks a person just to self deport, You know, rather than the many, many thousands of dollars it costs to go and catch somebody and then take them outta the country. They say how we just cut you a check for a thousand bucks. You take this now, get out of our country. Get out of our country. The president saying that and DC Mayor Muriel Bowser did not look happy about it. I've got that coming up on the program. Before we get there, I wanna thank our sponsors, the, the great sponsors who make all of this possible. There seems to be something happening with our farmland as I, as I told you before. And so in other words, that's the wrong thing to share with you right now.


Right now I do wanna talk to you about Lean Lean's awesome. Are you a yo-yo dieter? Do you diet lose weight, then gain it all back plus a few extra pounds. It's dangerous. Studies show it can actually increase your risk of heart attack, stroke type two diabetes and other health problems breaking free of your yo-yo diet pattern. It's a main reason doctors created Lean. Lean is a supplement, not an injection. And you don't need a prescription. The science behind Lean is impressive. It's studied natural ingredients, target weight loss in three powerful ways. Lean helps maintain healthy blood sugar. It helps you control appetite and cravings And it helps burn fat by converting that fat into energy. Listen, If you're tired of losing weight and then gaining it back, lean was created for you. Let me get you started. You can get 20% off. Just enter the code VINCE twenty@takelean.com. It's incredible. That's Code VINCE twenty@takelean.com. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. And it's not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider.


Yes, indeed. And as You know, we go from lean and we talk about your wellness. Let's also talk about your fitness journey. How are you doing with your fitness? You know, as more and more Americans have begun making their health and fitness a priority, I've done the same thing. Fitness is has always been important to me, but like a lot of people, I fell off the wagon. I just wasn't as focused on as it should be. But in the last year I've gotten a lot more focused on it and I, I realized how important it is to my life and how it important it is to yours. Studies prove that strength training's more to help burn fat than cardio alone. And as we age, it's critical to maintain muscle mass and bone density. And this is why I'm so pleased to be working with Don and the incredible team at Jacked Up Fitness. Their commercial grade, jacked up Power Rack Pro is the ultimate all in one home gym system that really lets you get a full body workout right in your own spare room or garage in your basement, wherever you can set it up. It's got a cable crossover system, an integrated 200 pound waste stack. It's got a Smith machine that allows you to do hundreds of exercises. Everything you used to do at the gym you can now do at home. Yeah, it's funny, I still have my old gym membership. I haven't canceled it yet. I mean, one of those contracts where If you cancel it, you still have to pay a fee to close out the balance of your contract. I gotta figure all that out. But one of the things I've been thinking about a lot lately, 'cause I've been using my Jacked Up fitness machine, I used it this morning And it to to great effect. I loved it, is I do wonder if the guys at my old gym are thinking that I just stopped going to the gym if I was one of those, like, oh, he just showed up for a couple months and then he, then he gave up like everybody does. And so the only reason I'm gonna go back is both to cancel my gym membership and to tell them, fellas, I don't need you anymore. I've been working that at home with the Jacked Up Fitness machine. If you're new to Strength training, their Get Jacked Up program has full body video workouts too with fitness trainers, Kim Lyons and Clark Bartram. They're awesome. You simply press play and you follow along. No more excuses. I'm doing this. You should do it too. So let's do it together. Go to get jacked up.com, sign up for their free program. And when you're ready to purchase your own Power Rack Pro, use the promo code VINCE and save 10% of checkout. That's get jacked up.com promo code. VINCE? Yeah baby, let's get jacked up.


Yes indeed. Mike Crackle. Mike Crackle. Is our mic cracking today? Tell me Florida. Is the mic cracking? It is cracking a little bit. That's weird. Well, I blame, let's see, let's, let's do this. The cer let's, let's roll some dice to see who we blame today. Who do we blame? It's Tom Tillis's fault. Justin jumped in before I could say Justin, it's Tom Tillis's fault. He said really good. Anyway, so sorry about the yes. So when you guys are calling Tom Tillis to tell him to confirm Ed Martin also tell him please fix Vince's mic crackle. That would be really good. I'm Crackalackin, somebody says, and I appreciate that.


Hey, let me jump into what President Trump is doing. This is one of my, this, I think it's my favorite video of the day. I love this video. President Trump in the Oval Office yesterday signing a number of health, health related executive orders. And just before that he did a big announcement that the NFL draft in 2027 is coming to the National Mall. And standing next to him was the, the reviled NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell. And on the other side of him, the reviled mayor of Washington dc Muriel Bowser, listen to President Trump talk about self deportation and how he's trying to pay illegals now to get out of the country. Take a look at this. But what we thought we'd do is to self deport where we're gonna pay each one a certain amount of money and we're gonna get 'em a beautiful flight back to where they came from.


And they have a period of time and if they make it, we're gonna work with them so that maybe someday with a little work they can come back in if they're good people, if they're the kind of people that we want in our company. Industrious people that could love our country. And if they're not, they won't, but it will give them a path. Look at her to be coming, You know, to coming back into the country. Look at her. If they miss that limit, they're gonna be taken out of our country and they never have. Look at me, they will never get a path to come back in. She's biting her lip and it'll be a much tougher process. And it's called self deportation. She's showing her tongue. And by doing that, You know, you're talking about so many millions of people. She's heavy breathing By doing that.


We have, by the way, we've taken out thousands of, of tariffs. She's shifting drug lords. What we've done is looking around amazing. And it said Tom Holman and Christie Nom have done an incredible job. They really have done an incredible job, but it's a, it's a hard job. So we're gonna have a self deportation really trying to Hide her face with her hand now Deport themselves out of our country and we'll work with them and we're gonna try and if they, if we think they're good, they have, oh, I love it. You know, the people we want in our country, they're gonna come back into our country. We'll give 'em a little easier route. But if they don't work and if we take 'em out after the date, look at her then wants the end.


They're never coming back wants and that's the least of the problem. Say they're gonna have. Yeah, please. Isn't that the best? That's my favorite video of the day. I, I love watching how uncomfortable Mayor Muriel Bowser of Sanctuary City, Washington DC is shifting around so uncomfortably as Trump just says, simple, we're gonna have you self deport, we're gonna have you self deport. Yeah. The Trump administration, I think in a stroke of genius is saying, yeah, we'll give you a thousand bucks If you leave. Now I know one of your first reactions when you hear this is like, why are we giving a thousand bucks to an illegal alien? I'm telling you, You know, how much money we save if we cut a check for a thousand bucks, if we don't have to bang on doors, if we don't have to send in teams, if we don't have to go arrest people, if we don't have to, put them through deportation proceedings, find lodging for them, put them on flights, all of that here, real simple.


You get out of the country, we give you a thousand bucks. That's the plan. That's what we're gonna do. Way, way cheaper. A dramatic cost savings for the American people. And this is the kind of outside the box thinking I like, is the President pursuing that? And here you have Muriel Bowser just going absolutely crazy, absolutely crazy right now. And I couldn't ask for a better scene. I love that. I love seeing that. As I mentioned, the president also signed some executive orders yesterday, including one of them ending gain of function research in these risky foreign countries. And all it's doing is killing people. Take a look. Here's the president yesterday. The first relates to gain of function research, gain of function.


Research is a type of biomedical research where pathogens are adulterated viruses or adulterated to make them more potent or to change the way that they function. This exec, many people believe that gain of function research was one of the key causes of the covid pandemic that struck us in in the last decade. What this executive order does, first of all, it provides powerful new tools to enforce the ban on federal funding for gain of function research abroad. It also strengthens other oversight mechanisms related to that issue and creates an overarching strategy to gain a function research overarching strategy to ensure that biomedical research in general is being conducted safely and in a way that that ultimately protects human health more.


It's a big deal. It could have been that we wouldn't have had the problem. We had a lot, a lot of people say that, sir, if we had this done earlier. Thank you. Okay, I think I just saw it in the chat. I think Cheerio detected it Stop all gain of function research. Now let me, let me emphasize something about this executive order, and I'm not against it. I love seeing what Trump did here. But that executive order stopped gain of function research in risky countries. In other words, countries, adversarial countries or countries with terrible standards is where they stopped it.


They didn't stop it domestically, they didn't stop it. In partner countries who we consider to be good faith actors, gain of function research should be stopped entirely everywhere. And reportedly, the daily caller reported that there was a bigger executive order that was being considered by the White House, but they went with a little bit more of a limited executive order here that only stopped it outside of our borders at in some of these risky countries. They should go all the way. I'm encouraging the Trump administration to go all the way today on this and to, and to add more to that executive order because it is really, really important that we get to the bottom of this and, and this gain of function research.


I've said this for years now, and RFK Junior reiterated this yesterday. It has never, let me, let me explain what gain of function is. It's a euphemism for making viruses more dangerous and deadly inside of a lab. That's it. Gain of function. What function, the function to hurt you. That's what they're talking about. An RFK junior described really well yesterday that this is never once helped humanity ever, which is of course why it should be stopped everywhere and not just outside of our borders. Take a look. Here's cut six RFK Junior yesterday. It's, it is a kind of weapon that always has blow back. There's always bad news.


And the justification for this kind of weaponry was, and these kind of research was always that we have to do this develop vaccines to, to counter future pandemic in all of the history of bio, of gain, of function research. We can't point to a single good thing that's come from it. And today I commend President Trump for his courage and his vision in ending us bio weapons research. And It has never once helped humans. Never, never. Now, of course, You know what this is, why would they, why would we be funding research like this?


Why is the United States spending money to create viruses anywhere? Why are other countries spending money to create viruses at all? It's sold to the public. Like it's to our benefit. Oh, we can use this to predict the next pandemic. Well, that's of course never happened. All it's done is create pandemics actually time after time after time, big dangerous, destructive viruses that have run rough shot over the planet turned out to be creations of various governments, including the United States. So no, this research hasn't helped us. In fact, it's threatened us on a routine basis. What I, I think it's safe at this point for all of us to conclude what really, what's really going on here is this is the Manhattan Project.


These are governments out of the site of their own people or to the extent that it's in your site, telling you it's a good thing. Who are creating weapons to use against their enemies. That's it. So these are operations to try and create deadly viruses to kill people so we don't have to send weapons to do it. That's what's been happening all over the place. So let's bring an end to that. Let's bring it, let's not only, not only for ourselves, but any other country who's doing it. Let's bring an end to that. There's all this attention placed on denuclearization and stopping countries from attaining nuclear weapons.


I gotta be honest with you, the biggest fear, one of the biggest fears I have is that our adversaries get control of a dangerous virus that can wipe out our entire population. It's one thing to go to war and exchange bullets with a country. It's another to just drop a virus in the middle of them. And perhaps you're, you never figure out who is responsible for doing that. It's a big deal. And so bringing an end to this dangerous research is super important. There were a lot of good people who were in the Oval Office yesterday, not just RFK Junior Jay Charia yesterday. Cut three said this is a historic day. This is, this is a historic day. The, the conduct of this dangerous gain of function research, which aims at taking pathogens and making them more virulent, more transmissible in humans.


Many scientists believe is responsible for the Covid pandemic. The, the conduct of this research does not protect us against pandemics, as some people might say, it doesn't protect us against other, other nations. What it, what it does is it, there's always a danger that in doing this research, it might leak out just by accident even and cause a pandemic. Any nation that engages in this research endangers their own population as well as the world as we saw during the Covid pandemic. Yeah. This proclamation makes it so that most sciences actually has no, closes, no threat to human populations. The vast majority of science will go on under this as normal.


But the, the fraction of this research that has the risk of causing a pandemic, harming every single person on the face of the earth, we're gonna put it, this, this proclamation, this, this executive order puts in place a framework to make sure that the public has a say. That if the, if such a risk is being taken, that the, that only scientists alone won't be able to decide that. That in fact the public can saying, no, don't take this. Yeah, no. Well, I'm here to say no, I don dunno about anybody else. I'm here to say no, no more of this. Anywhere. Anywhere. And yet it's still, it is, it is still happening. It's still happening. Marty McCarey, great guy, FDA guy, I've interviewed him many times.


I looked, I, I look forward to interviewing him again. Marty McCarey said yesterday cut four, that COVID itself was created this way And it was entirely preventable. It's unbelievable to think the entire nightmare of Covid was likely preventable. And you had good instincts early on. Mr. President, in suggesting it came from the Wuhan lab that is now the leading theory among scientists. It was five miles from the hospital where it first broke out. So it's crazy to think that this entire nightmare was probably the result of some scientists messing with Mother Nature in a laboratory with technology exported from the United States that is inserting a fur and cleavage site.


So I hope this does some good in the world. P thank you for doing it and Exactly, exactly. Now President Trump himself, of course has been saying this for years. He was attacked as a racist for saying it. Here's President Trump yesterday saying, yeah, COVID that leaked out. Here he is. Cut five, take a look. It Can leak out like from Wuhan. And a lot of people think that, I think I said that right from day one it leaked out whether it was to the girlfriend or somebody else, but scientists walked outside to have lunch with the girlfriend or was The girlfriend. It's always the girlfriend. That's How it leaked out in my opinion. And I've never changed that opinion. So it can leak out innocently, stupidly, competently, but innocently and half destroy the world.


That's right. That's right. Mr. President, it's as the president. There are I think three leaks. BSL three of BSL four labs, our highest rated laboratories almost every week. There's no laboratory that does this right. There's no laboratory that's immune from leaks. And this is gonna prevent those kind of inver leaks from happening in the future and endangering humanity. The covid outbreak cost 20 million lives and cost the world at least $25 trillion. And this, yeah. So Let me just stop here. R-F-K-R-F-K is saying something that justifies why they need to expand this executive order to all gain of function research.


He just said there is no lab, no, that was as unimpeachable as it gets. No lab that is stopping these leaks. These leaks are occurring no matter what. So let's stop it. How about that? How about stopping the gain of function research entirely here so that that would be a very big and welcome change if they can get that done. I like what RFK is up to here and I've saw some people in the chat pointing out, this is why we need Ed Martin confirmed as US attorney in DC absolutely get this guy confirmed so he can prosecute the demons who made all this happen in the first place.


That seems worthwhile. And RFK is pushing Fred Martin to be confirmed, I suspect for that very reason. Another piece here, the, the president also signed an executive order to increase domestic production of drugs. You know where we get drugs right now. Do You know where all these pharmaceuticals come from? China disproportionately, they come from China, India too. We get a ton of drugs from India. Our domestic manufacturing has collapsed now under President Trump. It's some of it's coming back. AstraZeneca announced this week that they're gonna do more drug manufacturing here in the United States for critical drugs, but it's not moving back quickly enough. Here's the president trying to spur that along with a big executive order yesterday.


Cut seven. Increasing domestic production of drugs for the United States so that You know, our national security isn't imperiled. Many actions that you've taken so far in this administration, sir, are related to Onshoring manufacturing and onshoring supply chains. One of the most important supply chain issues we currently face as a country is our pharmaceutical supply chain. This is an executive order intended to promote domestic manufacturing of pharmaceuticals. It streamlines the permitting processes that go into building domestic pharmaceutical manufacturing sites. It centers a lot of the environmental permitting process, which is quite significant within the EPA.


And it takes other actions designed to ensure that we're bringing pharmaceutical jobs and pharmaceutical manufacturing back to the United States of America. Okay, good. That's what it's all about, right? Very important. So it's a combo. It's a combo thing here. This is about American jobs in American, You know, just the dignity of work and thriving American communities. There's no question about that. But this is a critical national security issue. Where we are, depending on our signature adversary for the wellbeing of our country. What? So China's buying up American farmland. China's controlling access to drugs, China's taking over everything.


Why are we doing that? Exactly. That's an act of betrayal to our country for any US official leader to support that. President Trump looking to reverse that. And here's something I didn't know. Marty McCarry announced this yesterday. Do You know that when it comes to drug manufacturers that the government only does surprise inspections of drug manufacturers in the United States? That is, they make it harder for American drug manufacturers than that we do on foreign drug manufacturers. We have American inspectors who go to foreign drug factories, but they do it with appointments. They set up in advance, Hey, we're coming.


We're gonna be there. We're gonna do an inspection. They don't do that in the United States. They do surprise inspections of American manufacturers. Why are we treating drug manufacturers overseas better than we're treating American drug manufacturers? Take a look. Cut nine. Here's Marty McCarry explaining. We have had this crazy system in the United States where American pharma manufacturers in the United States are put through the ringer with inspections and the foreign sites get off easy with scheduled visits. While we have surprise visits in the United States while a scheduled visit is no inspection. So we are at the FDA delivering on this promise in the president's executive order and switching from announced to surprise inspections overseas.


We're also not gonna have our inspectors hanging out for three or four weeks. They're gonna get in and out and we're gonna do more inspections with the same resources as a result. Yeah, exactly. What good is a surprise inspection overseas? How does that do anything? That does nothing. You know, If you tell, If you tell somebody, Hey, we're coming to look for contraband in two weeks. If we're we're coming to look at like how crappy your process is in two weeks, well that gives you two weeks of time to get ready for them to show up so you can hide everything. This is like the kinda the ridiculous weapons inspections that the UN pretends to do. Oh, we're coming in to see if you're working on your nuclear weapons. When are you coming in a month from now. Okay, thanks. Thanks for letting us know. Can't wait to see you. We will have the treats ready when you get here.


What it is. Time to move everything, which is what, of course, what always happens. Crazy. Really crazy. All right, so big item today. Confirm Ed Martin. Call Tom Tillis. Call your senator. Get Ed Martin through the United States Senate, essential to the President's agenda, and it's essential to the wellbeing of our country. This guy's a patriot and he should definitely be through tomorrow on the program. So much more to tell you, including any updates on whether or not Tom Tillis is gonna join us. I hope he does. I really do.


Thanks as always, to the best damn audience in all of media, appreciate you being with me here. I'll be live later. rumble.com/ VINCE for the VINCE show Heard nationwide on radio stations everywhere from 12 to three. Look forward to talking to you then.