
All right. Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host, Dan Bonino. Oh, we walked in this morning and they were like cobwebs in the studio. I saw Michael out there. He had like a little broom. You know, a little, you like getting cobwebs off the door. You had the WD 40 on the hinges. The doors open there like, like the rust on the doors. Dust off, dust off. Keyboards. It wasn't even dust. It was like concrete. The dust had hardened so much they were hitting the keys like this just to get the keys to work. Dirt. Dammit. We haven't been off this long in a long time.


Hope you guys understand. Been a long year. I'm only human. You know, I got health and family to worry about. So I appreciate your understanding. We were definitely off for a bit. I got a cool weekend update for you, a ton of stuff to talk about. January 6th, I told you it was gonna happen with the January 6th bomber and it happened and everybody who doesn't listen to my show act surprised they released a new video. Yeah, new video, new folks, new video. I love when you that I told you it was gonna happen with so much stuff to get to. I'll tell you where I was and everything that went down over New Year's. Cool stuff.


Hey, the Ultimate Sleep Refresh for the New Year Beam's Dream Powder, Get up to 45% off for a limited time. Get some sleep. Shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino at checkout.


Still a little bit on Spain time, which is actually good because I'm super alert 'cause there's six hours ahead. So for me it's like midday right now. So I'm ready to rock and roll. Probably a little too wired up with the Blackout Coffee combo. Hey, it's often said


Freedom isn't free and it's true. Freedom has to be defended. But online freedom, it's not free either. It too has to be defended by a certain technological force Encryption. Strong encryption can protect your right to privacy online and defend you from hackers and spying. How do you get this encryption with Express VPN? It's an app Express VPN that reroutes a hundred percent of your online activity through secure encrypted servers. I use Express VPN when I travel, which got back 'cause the same encrypted connection protects me from hackers that'll try to steal your sensitive data. Like passwords and credit card details over sketchy public wifi shuts out foreign governments that might try to censor or spy on my activity. Express VPN Open up their service to professional auditors as well as independent security experts to evaluate their claims about privacy policy and their trusted service technology. It never stores user data 'cause it can't store user data. It's private by design. So if you wanna join me and defend your online freedom, get express vpn, you can use my special link to get four extra months of express VPN for free@expressvpn.com slash bino. That's ex pss express vpn.com/bonino. Protect your privacy today.


All right, fellas, for the first bell of the new year. Gosh, that's a great sound. It is good to be back. Thank you to everyone in the Bino Army for reaching out during the break for are those interested? I do a weekend update on Monday. I thought about doing it today or not because of everything going on, but we were gone for so long. I just wanted to tell you what was up. We took a trip over to Spain. We went to Barcelona and Madrid. I took my wife and my daughter and we went with my friends of Nies, the orthodontist and another friend of mine, another dentist friend of mine. And we had a blast. I'll tell you first I got a couple pictures though. Spain is an absolutely beautiful place. I, You know this.


This is Montserrat where we were above the clouds there. If you've ever been to Montserrat, there's a monastery there and it's basically, it looks like a serrated knife edge mountainside. It's in the Catalonia region of Spain. It's incredible. There's of course the Ani crew, the the orthodontist and me and Paula and my daughter. I mean literally above the clouds. It was pretty cool. So we had a blast up there. You scroll through these, that is passe. Degra, one of the famous streets in in, in Barcelona. Probably not a good idea to take pictures in the middle of a street with cars coming, but whatevs, it's, I'm Dan Bonino and I'm always doing things I shouldn't do. Anyways, Paula and a pick. This was the one of the famous parks in Spain, the park.


It's a Gaudi's, one of the famous designers over there at Gowdy Gould Park over there. That was pretty cool. There's the dentist guy too in there with us. That's the whole crew. That's the famous cathedral. The segreta familia. Absolutely amazing. I haven't been to Vatican yet shamefully, but I gotta tell you, this church is pretty fantastic. That was an amazing thing to see. And You know, you get close to God. I got to pray there and all. It's cool. Always ask for Jesus's forgiveness there. So that was a pretty awesome side. There's me and Paula. Paula looking like a smoke show as always. I really just threw that in there because she looks really hot. I could have taken that picture in my kitchen. So there you go. Next picture. There's Paula and me on New Year's Eve partying like a freaking eyes wide shut without all the debauchery.


However, if you see the masks on, we were probably, I don't know, we were, that was, I don't know, two o'clock in the morning or so. So we were having a grand old time. It was like a Brazilian themed party in the hotel we were staying in, which was pretty awesome because they had like that conga dude. But we banging it up and I was like, yes, this is the best party. You gotta party with the Brazilians. So we had fun. There's the ani there again with the masks on, so you probably can't tell. And that was a park in Madrid, which was really cool. They had like Egyptian ruins there as me and Paula again. We needed that tri and her had been through a lot. And then, oh, that was Montserrat again. That's the monastery in the background. So I, yeah, that was it. A couple pictures for you. You know, I'd just tell you, I, there was an awesome vacation, had a blast, but it was tough to to to come back after so long.


'cause I got sick on the second to last day. And for all the doctors out there, any doctors in the chat, I need your help. Second to last day of the trip, my wife and the family, they're going to Toledo. We call it Toledo in Ohio. They have a Toledo in Spain. It's a beautiful city. I get super sick. I wake up, I can't go. I miss Toledo altogether. I only saw Barcelona Madrid, right? But I wake up in the morning, I feel like I've got the black plague, like I'm gonna die. And I'm like, oh my gosh, I gotta fly home in two days. I'm gonna ruin this trip, get everybody sick. How the next day I woke up feeling absolutely fine, by the way, just for the doctors. There no GI symptoms at all. It definitely was not neurovirus or anything stomach related at all. I wasn't sick that way. I felt like I had the flu.


So luckily I had this travel pack of stuff and I woke up the next day and I felt fine. Is there any such thing as like a 24 hour bug that's not GI related? It's the weirdest thing. I woke up the next day, I felt absolutely fine. I flew home. No issues at all, no fever, no nothing. What the hell? But it ruined one day of the trip, So I missed Toledo. But coming back, it's so much easier. The time change I got back, I was right on track pretty much right away once you see your home again. It was good to see my dog too. I miss my dog. Lucy was hanging out with our, the, the, the guy, the family we use, but she, she likes hanging out with her buddy over there. So that was my big weekend update. Hope you're cool with with me going through that. We had a good time.


I did miss a lot of the news. I thought hard about doing a quick couple videos about all the stuff going on. So I changed my mind because I wanted to make sure I gave it its proper time. So let's get the actual content part of the show started. First Washington Post story. I wanted to get to the, the Twinkies case in New York is a freaking disgrace. Folks, this judge merch on is an embarrassment to humankind. He's an embarrassment to the country. He's an embarrassment to the cosmos. He's the judge in the fake New York case. He is absolutely committed to having Trump right before his now two week away inauguration discussed only as a convicted felon.


Let me be clear about this. It is a fake case with fake charges, with a fake judge, with a fake justice system in the state of New York and the city of New York. The case is an embarrassment. Of course, the judge has upholds Trump's felony conviction, wants to sentence him, but doesn't plan to order jail time. This is done for one reason because the media and the left always wanna tell you a story, not the story. And a story they wanna tell you is the first convicted felon president. That's the only reason the case is bullshit. It's always been bullshit. You know that. I know that he's not a convicted felon. He's a victim of the deep state. Those are not the same things. Okay?


This was a joke of a i, it's, and I wanted mention it first because it's been on my mind all week how this judge Mehan really folks, this guy should be under investigation for allowing this trial to go on for his jury instructions. And everything he did to subvert the justice system is disgusting and this country will never be the same after what they did. Not only that, but I start getting all these emails, I, it was a bit of a time change. Again, Spain is six hours ahead. So I start getting all these emails from friends like Dan, you called it again. I said I did. What happened? What did I do now? Because Michael, our batting average is 1000, what is it again?


One, the Blackout Coffee timeout to celebrate our batting average of yes, 1000. I told you that the January 6th bomber case where a pipe bomb was planted at the DNC where Kamala Harris was on January 6th and nobody in the media wants to talk about it. I told you when Donald Trump won, did I not go back and find the videos yourself? That there are gonna be people in the FBI who are trying to protect their jobs and they're gonna start releasing information now about the bomber, which was an inside job? No question in my mind. It was clearly some Democrat operative trying to stop Republicans from questioning the January 6th, 2020 election.


I told you insiders were gonna start releasing information because they wanted to cozy up to the Trump team and they were gonna say, it's new video. How is it new video? Didn't you guys know when January 6th, 2020 happened? It's not a trick question. These guys are confused. I'll give you a hint. It was on January 6th, 2020. But that's, that's, that's, that's, that's But years have gone by. I said it's January 6th now 2025. I mean that was four years ago.


So how is this headline accurate? A B, C news FBI releases new video information in the hunt for January 6th pipe bomber. How is it new video? How is it new video folks? It's not new video. People in the FBI are trying to save their jobs right now. You gotta understand something. Okay? I worked inside the government for a long time. A lot of the people in the upper levels of the FBI, they're making good money folks. They're making probably 160 to $200,000 a year with bonuses, which is good money.


That's well above middle class money. Like well, well above middle class money, okay? People are, So I just wanna, I'm gonna try to read the chat a little bit, see what you guys are up to. This is good money. They don't wanna lose their jobs. A lot of these guys and women out there that are working in the FBI, they have no other career potential outside of the FBI because they're gonna be stigmatized to their attachment to this case. And a lot of people aren't gonna wanna touch them. They need to hold onto their jobs. So now you're seeing all of a sudden, oh, new video surfacing. Look at this now. Julie Kelly, who we u we, You know what Jim, we should get her on the show today, by the way, in the radio show, Julie Kelly put out this tweet, more evidence of doctorate FBI pipe bomb video.


Here's the side by side of two different cameras from the DNC security system. Watch the the frame rate of these two clips and you're gonna see we're gonna play this on vl, that these are clearly not the same video folks. It's the same, maybe the same camera, but it looks like these videos as Darren Beatie and Julie have been talking about for a long time, were doctor, for some reason this is supposed to be the person who planted the bomb. I'm telling you there is no way they don't know who this person is. Folks, what are they hiding? I have a source. Listen, this is where you keep this running for a minute. If they've seen this video and the guy's on his cell phone, right?


How the hell look? You see there's a not the same video. Why are they hiding it and saying it's new? Because there's no doubt in my mind they know or have a good idea who this person is. They just don't want you to know who it is because when you find out it is not a MAGA bomber, but a Democrat or anti-Trump connected person that was trying to create a scandal about an attempted assassination of Kamala Harris, it's gonna blow the doors off the media. That's been lying to you about this too. Folks, a source told me a long time ago, stop the tape here and play, pay very close attention to this. A source told me a long time ago who was there on January 6th working as a federal agent.


So don't tell me there were no federal agents in the crowd working because he was one of them. He sent me a freaking selfie of him in the crowd on January 6th. He told me they were closing in on who this alleged bomber was, right? And that mysteriously a couple days afterwards, they were all told to stand down, do no further investigation on this. He was there, they were working this thing. There is zero doubt. They know who this person is. They just don't want you to know who it is. Folks, these people are all worried right now that we are 14 days away from a new and experienced Trump coming in there with four years of equality, body of experience under his record as a prior president ready to come in and take every single stone and turn it over.


And they know jobs are at stake and reputations are at stake because I'm telling you, they can't delete everything. There are people on the inside. It may be a small number, but there are assuredly people on the inside who they may not be good or bad people. I don't, I'm not saying either way. They just wanna preserve their jobs that probably have thumb drives full of information. Getting ready to say, are you gonna fire me here? What if I help you out? Here's this. That's exactly what's gonna happen. Oh, you wanna fire me? What if I help you out and I expose Joey bag of donuts there at the FBI, who was involved in this coverup? Here's the thumb drive. That's why you're starting to see things like this.


This is not a coincidence. Watch this video of deep state goon hack comedy. John Brennan, who called Trump every nasty disgusting, filthy name in the book. Watch Brennan in a recent interview say, ah, You know what? This transition team, ah, it's not so bad. They're trying to save their reputations. They don't have a lot of time left two weeks, watch this. Now he's Taking place in a more serious and professional fashion than happened in 20 16 20 17. Because you have people like Marco Rubio who has been named to be the next secretary of State who is well steeped in these issues and also takes them very seriously.


And I know that there is engagement between the, the, the Biden Department of State and the incoming Trump team Folks, do you see what I'm talking about? We always bring receipts on this show. You are, you knew this January 6th thing was gonna happen. You knew that there were going to be people inside the government deep state that attacked Donald Trump, that were all of a sudden gonna turn and start to say, oh You know what? Trump isn't so bad. He's not Hitler, he's not a Nazi because we told you they're trying to protect their jobs. Don't attribute, don't attribute to the majority of these people Characteristics that overly complicate the narrative that that over.


I said that to you. There are people who just want their jobs. They don't have any other career potential. They've got bills to pay. They may be deep state hacks, but before they're thinking ideology, they're thinking, how do I pay my ConEd bill to keep the gas on in New York? I've seen it. I've got friends in the transition team who are contacting me. By the way, there are a bunch of people lying to the Trump transition team right now. The Trump, they know it. They're not being taken, You know, they're not being taken by surprise. They're prepared for it, but they are lying. There are FBI folks. DHS folks, secret Service folks. They are lying to the Trump transition team about the status of where they are, what they're doing, reform efforts, all of it.


Do not trust the FBI and do not trust the secret service either or any of these government entities until there is a full change in management. I'll show you what I mean in a second. Another thing I've been telling you about the inaugurations coming up, we're two weeks away, folks, I'm really hesitant to talk about this, but I feel an obligation to put it out there 'cause I don't have any other avenue to do it other than you guys in the Bonino army. I don't think the Secret Service is prepared. And I think the Secret Service along with the FBI are lying to this transition team. This transition team knows it and unfortunately there's nothing they can do until they formally take power in two weeks.


But when they take power in two weeks, Donald Trump is gonna be sitting there exposed that the inauguration, this drone thing has me freaked out, made a lot of news this week when they get to that too. There is a bunch of stuff I don't think I forgot about the Sean Ryan. They got so much to get to look at this. Two pages full of stuff. Take off a couple weeks. A lot of stuff builds up. Quick break. We'll get back to that.


Hey, we're in crunch time right now. A new administration will be sworn in soon. But as great as that is, it could also mean our enemies have days left to stir up trouble. That could mean a cyber attack and I didn't even plan to spot this. You believe that that could mean a cyber attack, an invasion, a drone strike, or god forbid, a nuclear strike. So until the long-term bureaucrats are outta DC I'm not taking any chances. That's why I have an emergency food supply for my Patriot Supply. And you should too. Right now they're offering a hundred dollars off their three month emergency food kit. The kit contains 2000 calories per day for three whole months. I have a kit for every member of my family. It's plenty to get you through a prolonged emergency. All my Patriot Supply food kits last up to 25 years in storage. They come in rugged weatherproof buckets. Go to my patriot supply.com right now and order your three month emergency food kit and get a hundred dollars off. I got an emergency food supply in my house for every member of my family because your safety and security are worth it. Go to my patriot supply.com, order your three month emergency food kit now and get $100 off. Once again, that's my patriot supply.com. My patriot supply.com Go today. Don't wait. Emergencies hit. You don't see 'em coming. That's why they're emergencies. Check it out today, folks.


I tweeted this and it went nuclear. Can anyone look up this tweet? See how many impressions they got is over a million. I mean, I just tweeted out the other day, January 4th, this was on, this is what was on my mind. I I want you to know, I was still on vacation. I didn't get back until the next day. And this is bothering me so much that I felt the need. This is was the one substantive tweet I put out in like a week and a half or so because it's on my mind and I'm so worried about President Trump's safety and he, I I'm convinced they got the wrong people in the rear. That that 2.3, 2.3 million, okay, even so this thing went pretty nuclear. It says assassination attempts by drone should be on everyone's radar. Everyone's radar.


Gary Oldman the professional style. Everyone, everyone, everyone quote, we're in perilous territory and liars and frauds in our government aren't being honest about the threat. So a source reached out to me. This is where this is coming from Now. I have been covering the drone threat to establish B graffiti so you don't think I'm full of shit. Okay? I wrote about the drone threat in my book, the Fight I wrote 10 years ago. The, the threat specific to presidential security. It's a threat for our military and everywhere else, but it's actually easier to combat the drone threat in a war, in a foreign war zone than it is home because you have, let's just say things to worry about here that are easier to mitigate in a war zone.


The drone threat is freaking real. It's not coming. It's here. I have been writing about this forever and folks, my fear is that we're gonna have a Pearl Harbor moment. That we had an idea that the enemy at the time the Japanese were gonna attack and we weren't prepared. The thing about this threat in contrast to Pearl Harbor is they've already been Pearl Harbors jump ahead to the USA today thing. You know Nicholas Maduro, who's an obvious scumbag in Venezuela, but that's besides the point for now. They already, the, there was already a drone attack on him. There was, yes, in 2018 Venezuela drone attack.


Here's what happened with Nicholas Maduro. You've got an inauguration coming up. So I go, go back to my tweet a second. This drone threat is real. And what's worrying me is that there are people in the government, in the protective entities, the secret service elsewhere, that are briefing people on the Trump that are not being honest about how unprepared they are for this threat. I'm not telling you they're doing nothing, I'm just telling you they don't have a full grasp of the threat and they don't wanna say it folks, this is real man, and this is going to happen. It is.


Whether it happens in Times Square or someone else, it is going to happen. And there are people in charge who have wasted time on DEI bullshit. They've wasted time targeting Americans with MAGA hats, moms for Liberty, pro-lifers targeting the evil white supremacist around every corner. And they have not thought through the threat of a swarm of drones taking out a crowd of people or taking out one of our protectees with an inauguration right around the corner. And Donald Trump not able to do anything about it 'cause he's not in power for two more weeks. You think the Secret Service is prepared for this Washington Post?


Carol Lenning, who I'm, I'm not a huge fan of, to be candid, but her article's not wrong. This has been covered. I want to, I wanna just show, I mean, Susan c Crabtree and others have been talking about this forever. I've written about it in my book, but she wrote about it and she's, You know, it's good. Anyone who can bring attention to it. Washington Post, years of an action on the crisis at Secret Service set the stage for Trump shooting in Butler. It's a long report. It's worth your time. It's in the newsletter today. bonino.com/newsletter. If you would like to subscribe, it's free. Please read the, read the article. It's, it's, it's accurate. It, it talks about one of the biggest problems in the secret service right now.


They don't have any experience. Quote an exodus of veteran agents over the past 10 years forced the secret service to rely on less experienced agents. Recruits with five years or less than the job made up 13% of the workforce in 2015 this year they make up 40%. Folks, listen to me. The Secret Service is kind of like, I don't mean on aptitude, achievement, intellect, anything like that. I just mean on general job logistics. It's like being a surgeon. You simply, any doctors, any surgeons in here, we got what, 148,000 people, 24 minutes.


That's a nice crowd by the way. Consider it's a Monday we've been out. Thank you Bino Army. Much love as always. I would put my hand to my heart but my elbow don't work. I heard it in Barcelona getting off a bus and it's killing me right now. My right elbow. Any doctors in here, You know better than anyone. Tell me if I'm wrong. There is no replacement. If you are a surgeon for experience none, you can't watch a Rumble YouTube video, you cannot talk about a surgery. You have to do it. Things go wrong in surgeries. My friend's a surgeon, my buddy Steve, brilliant guy, this guy's been a surgeon for 25 years.


He does head and neck plastic stuff. He's seen everything he's seen deviated septum. So deviated doesn't even look like a nose anymore. Okay? He's had a fix. Other surgeon's problems. There is no, there's no backup due experience. The secret service is the exact same way. Folks, I'm gonna tell you something. I was not, I don't, I don't have to talk about myself. I'll talk about other people, other great agents I saw great. I mean you could send them on the most dangerous trip ever and they'd magically find a way to secure it. They'd secure things no one else could do and they would think of such clever solutions, these guys 10 years minimum on the job minimum.


Hundreds of hundreds of site advances, lead advances, total fubar scenarios they got out of before they realized to not get in them. The Secret Service doesn't have these people anymore. The people they have don't know much 'cause they haven't done as much. Even the just the news people are warning about this Carnage from the sky. Experts warn a terror drone threat to us after New Orleans. Folks, it brings us to the latest viral news story. The security threat to the United States is real. The Secret Service isn't ready. The FBI isn't ready. The FBI is is still covering up the January 6th.


They haven't even thought about security threats in the way they should be. The United States when I was gone, this happened. I'm gonna cover 'em in the in the order. I think they're both devastating of course, but this one has the most, I think open questions at this point. This cyber truck explosion, which was an obvious, a viral news story for all the wrong reasons in front of a Trump location in Las Vegas. Here's the incident. You probably seen this a thousand times folks, I know a lot of you have been looking for my take on this. If there was ever a Bonino rule story, this is, I keep this playing for a minute. So according to a story being told now, and I use those words deliberately 'cause I'm not sure it's the story yet.


I'm just telling you a story. Now, a Green Beret on leave with apparently some mental health issues, parks this cyber truck in front of a Trump location. You see an explosion and you'll notice afterwards you'll see, gosh, those look like fireworks. That's because they are Now I have some real questions about this folks, and you should too. The first question is, if this guy is a, a Green Beret, which is no indication that that is in fact a lie and that is the guy in the car, I, I'm, I'm not ready to kneel down and close out this football game on this story at all. You can accept whatever you want.


I'm waiting till I absolutely have all this stuff confirmed. If it is the guy and he is a Green Beret, I know quite a few Green Berets, one of them very closely, very closely. You're telling me that he couldn't figure out how to put a bomb together and used fireworks like it was like a 4th of July special instead, doesn't sound right to me. Sounds like he was trying to draw some attention or make some kind of a statement rather than actually engage in any kind of significant terror attack.


But what kind of statement now after this story comes together, and by the way, it is alleged in a story that he shot himself. Another open question and folks in the chat, this is where you guys, this is another big open question. Number one, why rig a car to explode that way with fireworks? Okay, second, it's alleged he shot himself with a 50 caliber Desert Eagle folks, a 50 caliber desert Eagle. Who the hell don't shoot yourself ever. Number one rule of The Dan Bongino show folks don't get dead.


Especially it's the new year. We gotta remind ourselves don't kill yourselves. Okay? Probably a good thing. But people who kill themselves generally don't shoot themselves with a high powered 50 caliber desert Eagle, A 22, A 38. It's almost like no one wanted identification records and wanted to make sure teeth and everything else weren't intact so that there was a full trying to keep this somewhat not gross as early in the morning. So there wasn't gonna be a full accounting of what, who that person was. Folks, none of this story makes sense and I would strongly, strongly encourage you to throw the penalty flag and apply the Bongino rule.


We'll talk about this story, but I'm not drawing any conclusions or believe in a damn thing until I hear from reliable pieces and sources on the inside that that's even the guy. Now there was a gentleman, Sam, is it Shumate? He went on the Sean Ryan show, an excellent podcast and basically lit the world on fire with some a, a story about an email that he got that may or may not be from this alleged suspect in this case. I'm gonna get to that in a minute and I'm gonna show you how it ties to the prior story about drones and you'll see why I did the show in this order.


It's not by accident. The secret service story and the drone threat are absolutely related to this. I'll show you what I mean coming up in a second last sponsor. We'll get right back to it.


Hey, if you're a red blooded American exercising your Second Amendment rights, I have the solution for you. They sent one of these to me. I love it folks, listen, if God forbid there's a threat to your house, your property, and your family late at night in your house, you're gonna get up groggy. You wanna be fumbling for keys to get to your firearm or something else, you're not gonna get there. You need instant access. Stop box USA. They sent me one absolutely fantastic. I'm very careful with my sponsors. We don't need new sponsors. We choose them and this one's a great one. Many storage options force you to fumble with keys or gamble on a battery that might fail when it matters most. You only get one shot. That's why stop box USA engines. You need the Stop Box Pro, a game changing patented push button locking system that's all you do opens. It's entirely mechanical. If there were been any electrical failures, batteries, keys, nothing instantly accessible when you need it means you could be ready even in dark or under stress crafted with glass reinforced polycarbonates as tough as it is secure for a limited time only our listeners are getting a really amazing deal. Not only do you get 10% off your entire order when you use Code Bunge, You know at stop box usa.com, but they're also giving you a buy one get one free for the Stop Box Pro, what they sent me. Absolutely love it. That's 10% off and a free stop box Pro when you use Code bonino@stopboxusa.com. Discover a better way to balance security and readiness with stop box. Use what I do. Really incredible. Check it out.


And our last sponsor today is, oh Birch Gold. They back this year. We love birch Gold. Increased tariffs on our trade partners, tax cuts and regulation change. Learn why gold is a viable diversification tactic now more than ever, You know, a big fan of gold Birch Gold's the only company I trust in buying gold forever. It's releasing its ultimate guide for gold and a Trump year with a forward by Don Trump Jr. You know how to printing all this money all the time. Get your free copy, learn about Birch Gold, text my name Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 and they'll send it to you. Here are the facts. The national debt's exploding, folks, You know it. Just look at the numbers. Interest payments on the debt are exploding too. Gold is still one of the best hedges against the weak in dollar diversify A gold birch is the company I use. Convert an existing IRA of 401k into a tax sheltered IRA in gold. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free copy, the Ultimate Guide to Gold and the Trump Ear. It's no obligation. There's only information with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau and thousands of happy customers. You can trust Birch Gold too. So text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply. Thanks Birch Gold, we appreciate it.


This is the clip I was talking about folks. It's about the cyber truck bombing. An email that this person, it's alleged to have received from the, from the alleged bomber in the case and involves UAPs, unidentified aerial phenomenon and drones. I'm gonna play it and I'm gonna tell you what I think and I want you to be the judge too. Listen to this. So this email came in on December 31st at 10:42 AM That is Tuesday. He said, in case I do not make it to my decision point or onto the Mexico border, I'm sending this now. Please do not release this until one January and keep my identity private until then.


First off, I'm not under duress or hostile influence or control. My first car was a 2006 Black Ford Mustang V six for verification. What we have been seeing with drones, he puts that in quotes. He says, drones is the operational use of GDIC propulsion systems powered aircraft by most recently China and the East coast. But throughout history, the US only we in China have this capability. Our opin that's operation center, our opsin location for this activity in the in it is in the box below. China has been launching them from the Atlantic from submarines for years. But this activity recently has picked up. As of now it is just a show of force and they're using it similar to how they use the balloon for S second and ISR, which are also part of the integrated comm system.


There are dozens of those balloons in the air at any given time. The so what is, because of the speed and stealth of these unmanned aircraft, they're the most dangerous threat to national security that has ever existed. They basically have an unlimited payload capacity and can park it over the White House that they wanted. It's checkmate US government needs to give the history of this, how we are employing it and weaponizing it, how China is employing them and what they, and what the way forward is. China is poised to attack anywhere in the East Coast Folks. I don't know if this email is really from the person who is in that cyber truck or not.


I, I don't know that, I don't know Sean Ryan personally, but I know people who know him. He's an upstanding guy with impeccable credentials. I have no reason to believe he would not have vetted his source. However, there are again some allegations out there that the subject in the case in the supposed to be in the Tesla truck, his signal account changed after he died, which is nearly impossible to do when you're dead because you're dead. So it's kind of hard to change your signal account because you're dead and You know what happens when you're dead, Michael, any idea you holy shit you, you die.


So muscles and brain tissue and neurons don't work. So I have a few questions about this. Number one is this guy some kind of a patsy, was this guy a vehicle for someone else to get outta message? Was this guy even the one in the cyber truck who sent that email? I'll assume it's real, but who sent it? Was it sent from this guy? If this guy's email is real and it is from him, did he have the kind of access to this UAP program? He says he does. I like to apply Occam's razor, keep it simple stupid in cases like this. Now I'm gonna say one thing and why this email interests me and fascinates me.


And again, bonafides matter. I encourage you to listen to my back back catalog of shows. If you think I'm making any of this up, the body of what's in that email, I don't know who it came from or how accurate it is. I'm telling you, however, the allegation that China is hovering over our skies and watching us and they're doing it as a show of force is absolutely true. I've been saying it for three years because a source I trust, who I know has access to information for sure has already told me, and I've been talking about this forever. That China, the balloon and all this, they don't care if we see it.


You are meant to see it. China is telling us, here's what we can do now is this gravitate propulsion system or whatever you say tic propulsion system. Is this technology real? I don't know. Would I be stunned if it was No, but there is zero doubt in my mind that China is surveilling sensitive locations in our United States. You can say it's a psyop all you want. I'm telling you, the people telling me this are on the MAGA team. They're not saying every single thing you see in the sky is a Chinese drone. It's not. Some of it's recreational.


Some of it's mistaken for airplanes, some of it's just aerial phenomenon people, they see a star in naked view. That happens. But a huge chunk of this unexplained stuff is absolutely China spying on us. There is zero doubt about that. Their ISR capabilities in the United States are not made up people. Some people telling you it's a psyop are telling you that because that is in fact the psyop to get you to not pay attention to the China threat. I'm not telling you we're going to World War III tomorrow. Anybody needs to panic. Nobody's saying anything like that. I'm just saying you can't trust these people and our government to tell you an honest take because they don't want you to know how behind the ball we are.


I'm hoping to get to tomorrow the vault typhoon story. Where another story I warned you about, the story about China infiltrating our telecom system and our critical security with computer-based viruses is a real story. China hacked our entire OPM system. I got a letter in the mail. Hey man, your personnel records were hacked by the Chinese government from your time in the Secret service. It's real. It happened. I'm not telling you that we should be gin up World War III or nuke in anyone. You know, I'm not an interventionist in that sense, but this threat is absolutely real. Now, on this case, a bunch of people reached out to me and said, Dan, but the FBI already confirmed the email about the drones with that Sam Shumate was talking about the show on Ryan Show.


That's not what this clip is about. They're talking about this different manifesto, the alleged driver of the cyber truck alleged or story so far. They're talking about a different manifesto. This is a short clip, but this is not about the email. I think a lot of people were confused here, check this out. Yeah, so in in terms of the so-called manifesto that's circling or circulating online, we have strong evidence to suggest that it was the subject that wrote it, but we haven't conclusively proven that yet. And that evidence relates to other evidence that we're finding that we're able to compare that lead us to believe it was in fact him who sent it.


Let me just say again, I don't trust the FBI as far as I can throw 'em, okay? Period. Until they establish themselves as a premier investigative agency in the United States and operate with integrity at the top. I don't trust anything. However, that's, they're not talking about the email. There're talking about a separate manifesto. Okay, I just wanna clear that up. Now, why don't I trust the FBI? Because the FB i's not trustworthy. You had this, you horrific attack another soft target attack Bourbon Street in New Orleans where some freaking lunatic takes his truck, drives it down the street and mows people down.


This is a precursor to what's coming with drones, by the way. So don't tell me I didn't warn you. I'm warning everyone this. You're gonna see this with drones soon. The FBI gives a briefing afterwards from this just pathetic agent after they find a all kinds of indicators of terrorism at the scene. And here's what the lady says immediately they're wondering why the FBI has zero credibility with the American public in the most disgusting politically correct press conference you're ever gonna see. Check this out. Patrick Said We'll be taking over the investigative lead for this event. This is not a terrorist event.


What it is right now is they're improvised explosive devices that was found and we are working on confirming if it's a viable device or not. It's not a terrorist event. Folks, I'm gonna play for you the video now, just for a second. Pretend you haven't seen this video yet. You are in a law enforcement school and you're playing an investigative game to kind of hone up people's investigative skills and the game is terror attack or not? Okay, pretend You know nothing about this at all. Play this on VO voiceover here. Here you're gonna see the car of the terrace.


You see this white truck? So it's driving down, getting close to Bourbon Street. You see the white truck moving along, moving along, it's gonna make a right soon. You're gonna see a police car now blocking the street but not blocking it fully. Just blocking it enough but not enough where the car can't take, oh look, a right turn around speeds down the street and hits the gas down a crowded street that is clearly supposed to be closed off because the police are closing off the street with their lights on and then hits the gas. So you, you see that? Then you see this going down the street. Oh look, intentionally looking to hit people down the street. Wait one more time with that one if you would.


Now you are in school trying to hone your investigative skills. Terror attack or not with no additional information on now. Terror attack or not first, yes. Terror attack. No, I think this was just a guy with a DWI. It did, did Gee said it right. It looks pretty freaking terrifying. Of course it's a freaking terror attack, folks. The FBI has disgraced itself again, I promise you if that truck, thank you Joe. Man, this chat's lighting up today. 184,900 people here.


What a crowd. Thank you. Coming back on a Monday, of course it's a terror attack and you and I sadly know that if there were a MAGA flag on the back of that thing, that that same agent would've been out there or some other agent and likely would've said something completely different. The FBI would've sent out some headquarters person to say this was a white supremacist MAGA terror attack. If we do not uproot this P-C-D-E-I culture folks, we are not going to have a country because the drone attacks, the soft target attacks, the sh the firearm attacks, the truck attacks, the car attacks will continue.


This is not a new thing. Technology to kill unfortunately is getting better. And the technology to keep up is always a step behind. And the people that are supposed to be keeping up with it are 10 steps behind. Here's a perfect example. What the, is the FBI doing here? They are at a press conference indicating that the subject in this case had some ISIS related social media posts months ago. What were you doing man? Were you investigating Moms for Liberty? Maybe people protesting in an abortion clinic. What the hell were you guys doing? Are you ever gonna stop a terror attack? You just pitched us on this horseshit line that you needed to reauthorize FIA to spy on Americans because you needed it to stop these attacks and you can't stop shit.


You can't stop anything. And then when a terror attack happens that you didn't stop, you say it wasn't a terror attack. And then you tell us how there were signs of a terror attack before. Watch this Online platform proclaiming his support for isis. There were five videos posted on Jabbar's Facebook account, which are timestamped, beginning at 1:29 AM and the last at 3:02 AM and the first video, Jabbar explains, he originally planned to harm his family and friends, but was concerned the news headlines would not focus on the war between the believers and the disbelievers.


Additionally, he stated he had joined ISIS before this summer. He also provided a will and testament. Oh folks, he was posting about this stuff. So just to be clear, you are being spied on right now and your metadata's being collected from your phones, your computers, your tablets and everything. Although you've done nothing wrong. C completely contravening the Constitution and the fourth Amendment, by the way, in the Fifth Amendment to your due process rights, everything. And yet a guy actually posting on social media about ISIS manages to mow down and murder people in a terror attack.


And then our junk leadership at the FBI pops out in front of the camera. This is not a terror event folks. Cash Patel, please cannot get in there soon enough, please. And why are we in this security nightmare? A drone threat. We're not prepared for vehicle based attacks. We're not prepared for isis Al-Qaeda, Islamist terrorist attacks. We're not prepared for. Why? Because of people like this. Look at the media coverage of the cyber truck thing. Look at this. Tesla cyber truck catches fire outside the Trump Hotel and really catches fire as if it was some kind of freaking mechanical problem.


A guy set off a bomb dumb asses. The gas tank, the, yeah, the gas tank, right? And the Tesla get, that's a good point, Jess. It's definitely the gas tank. A lot of you're out there like, isn't there? Yes, that's the point. One dead after Tesla. Cyber explodes outside Trump folks, it didn't just explode. These people are clearly trying to make an example outta Elon Musk and not the actual bad guy. And then this happens after this New Orleans terror attack, which happened at the, the football game. Was it the Sugar Bowl down there? The Allstate. CEO. So we've got the media and corporate America that cannot get us out of this DEI political correctness nightmare that's causing these security problems.


And what happened? The Allstate CEO decides to humiliate the entire country. His company and everyone who knows this guy, I guess 'cause they're a sponsor of the event. And he puts out this statement that airs that sounds like he's blaming us and not the bad guy. Who the hell wants to hear ship like this from this piece of garbage? Check this out. Welcome to the Allstate Sugar Bowl Wednesday. Tragedy struck the New Orleans community. Our prayers are with the victims and their families. We also need to be stronger together by overcoming an addiction to divisiveness and negativity. Join Allstate working in local communities all across America to amplify the positive, increase trust and accept people's imperfections and differences.


Together. We win. Okay, lecture time from Dan Bonino. Everybody sit down, grab a cigar, maybe a brewsky and listen up. When in doubt, if you were a corporate CEO and people have just been murdered in a terrorist attack, here is a very important rule. You ready? Write this down. You got a pen? You know what? I'll write it down for you here. Let see if you can read this, folks, this is genius. I spent a lot of time preparing this. Can you guys read this? This is a really, this is bold. This is like a really profound or forward lesson.


It says, shut the fuck up. Just shut up. Nobody wants to hear from you. Just shut the fuck up. Nobody wants to hear from you, bro. Eh, imperfect imperfections. A dude just ran people down and murdered people's children's dads, moms friends, coaches, bosses, employees, friends. They wanna hear from you about our imperfections. Shut the fuck up. Nobody gives a shit. You sell insurance.


Just shut up. Shut up, shut the fuck up. You sell insurance. Just shut up. Just sell insurances. Fuck up. Go and sell insurance. Shut your mouth. Your freaking soup cooler, your gum holster your oxygen. CO2 ventilator, Love insurance Key.


That may be the funniest thing you ever said. Key just said to gr folks, if you missed it, this is the, this is why we're in a new studio. These guys are gonna have mics. Key said, he's actually so glad that this guy commented because people really love insurance CEOs these days too. They, they're at the top people. They, it's like your priest, your rabbi, and definitely insurance CEOs. A hundred percent. Shut the fuck up. Nobody wants a hearing. Who told this knucklehead that America needed an emancipation proclamation from him after a terror attack.


You're not in good hands with Allstate. You're just, that was a great pointy. That's it. I, when I, when a terror attack happens in the United States, the first thing I think is I really need to hear from an insurance CEO. That's definitely what I need to hear from during a football game, during a football game about my imperfections. You know, what our imperfections are that we didn't get this guy locked up and, and, and potentially given a death penalty before he killed us. Oh man, I'm so tired of listening to this crap. Let me put you in a little bit of a, in a good mood though, because I don't wanna, I don't wanna leave it without talk about this. I got a bunch of stuff. I didn't even get to all this other stuff.


A lot of good stuff happened. You know, this parallel economy is exploding, right? It's all, everything from true social to DJ t to Rumble. I don't know if you guys missed it, but Rumble had an amazing week. The crypto based company, tether and Rumble, they invested 775 million into the company. 250 million, which is gonna go into Rumble Coffers in order to grow and expand everything we're doing. I want to thank you for supporting Rumble for supporting the company To the shareholders out there, I wanna thank you very much. Some of you held on and, and just you knew we had a bigger vision and we do. This is a huge step forward for the free speech economy and I'm very grateful for everything you guys did for the company.


And I'm just telling you, I'm just an investor there. I'm not a manager. I don't speak for them, but as an investor, I can speak like any other free citizen. I'm telling you right now, I'm pushing hard and I know the management, they, they really have plans for a huge, huge, huge company. It's not just video between the Rumble ad center and the server business. It's just a really big vision for this company. And the future is bright. So much so that there's a near billion dollar investment. So that's such great news for this. And then some more great news, if you are a local subscriber, which is where you can get the full radio show on Rumble, I am working on with the Rumble team. Now a transition where you're gonna get access to Rumble Premium, it'll be the ad free for embedded ads for Rumble that are in the show.


The live reads are always gonna be part of the show. 'cause we're on multiple platforms. Apple, Spotify in here. However, there will be no embedded ads on Rumble Premium. So subscribe to Rumble Premium and if you're a local subscriber, we're working on transitioning you over so you get all that stuff. So Stay tuned for that. I had a cool video about that. I have some cool videos on my locals account too for subscribers for me overseas in Spain I did for you guys. So if you wanna check that out here. I wanna end on a good note. Folks. You know how much we love Jessica Tarloff on our show, ladies and gentlemen, we gave her an official title. Jessica Tarloff is Queen of the Kerns. If there was ever, I didn't even realize you guys recorded that.


I usually leave that for producer Jim, but it's very good. I love the voice that actually sounds like producer Jim, queen of the Karens gets wrecked again by Judge Janine. We're in this security nightmare because of an open border. Jessica Tarloff apparently doesn't get it here. Check this out. Well, we actually have a, a huge change in the amount of people that are getting into this country and the number of deportation. So we now have the lowest number of border crossings that we've had in four years going back 20. Yep. But they're flying them in across their border. If you get a free flight, you're, They're, it's not true. And we've removed 700,000 that they're just flying them in without. Yeah. They are the without Background checks. That's, it's not, Wait a minute, you think they're flying them in and they do background checks on them?


Yes. I I do think that you get a background check From where, from Chile, from VE Venezuela, what's Going with Mexico and Central America and the amount of cooperation that's been going on right now with the, You're telling me that Haiti, Guatemala, Venezuela are giving us background Checks. I have been telling you this forever. I've been overseas on foreign advances many times folks, they do not have a background check system. In an overwhelming majority of these countries like we have in the United States, you really believe they have an NCIC type system in a lot of these countries that are sending some of their people here. Are you crazy background check yet she actually believes this is hilariously stupid. By the way, more breaking news.


The winning continues. Justin Trudeau communist disgrace OUTTA Canada is resigning now, which is absolutely fantastic. The winning continues. 2025 is gonna be a great year. Happy New Year to everyone. Thank you for supporting Rumble. Thank you for supporting The Dan Bongino Show. I have a request my first one of the new year. I ask every day because I need you guys. Folks, I don't have the big backing of corporate media. It's just me and my awesome crew here in the new year. Please start off the year by going to Rumble dot com slash bonino and clicking that follow button, it is absolutely free. If you subscribe to Rumble Premium, you won't have to watch any of the embedded ads. It is an ad free experience outside of the live reads.


Please go to Apple and Spotify as well. Give us a follow I I really appreciate it. I asked respectfully, apple Podcast and Spotify. Look for The Dan Bongino Show. Give us a follow there too. Helps keep us on the charts there. We got a big year ahead, we've got some new content. Get ready to launched. Some new shows coming. Big, huge things ahead. I promise you guys are gonna love 2025. Happy New Year. See you on the radio show here for a little in a little bit on Rumble and then back here. Live tomorrow at 11:00 AM Damn. It's good to be back. I'll see you tomorrow. You just heard the damn Bon Gino show.