
With Trump in, I can finally take a breath. But one fact remains, our nation is deep in debt and that debt's a house of cards that can't quickly be dismantled. The strategy remains the same. Diversify your savings. That's why I buy gold From Birch Gold, B-A-R-C-H, they'll help you convert an IRA 401k into an IRA in physical gold. Now through Black Friday, get a free one ounce silver Eagle for every $5,000 purchased. Help protect your savings with Birch Gold. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and claim your eligibility for free silver today.


Dan Bonino. Welcome to the Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino Enjoy. all of this folks, here's M-S-N-B-C that for two days has been sucking in. This is, here's my, my coffee. But they've been sucking in massive amounts of copio. They're like, they're drink it up. Drink the copio because they just can't take it that they f this thing up so bad and they are totally incapable of reading the America they claim they live in. Check this out, American issue. An apology to all of those states that we have not mentioned. It's not our fault, it's the founding fathers.


Yes, they decided on this thing called the Electoral College, which interestingly no other country in the world decided to copy. And because of that, in presidential terms, in effect on nights like this, it, you have a right to think that. It feels like no one cares about your vote if you're in California or if you're in New York. And when you think about how enormous a force that can be in voter suppression, there may be nothing quite like it. Holy shit. Are these people stupid? Do they not understand why any of you guys history buffs? Justin, Mike, Michael Michael's, he knows everything. Michael's like, Michael's got like a 5,000 IQ or something.


He's like a Stephen Hawking over there. So this guy knows everything My, we send him like math problems. He's like, oh, look at me. Smarty guy knows everything, right? He's like an Excel spreadsheet in his head or something. The Electoral Co. You wouldn't have a United States without it, folks. It's called the United States. There's a second word in that. The original states were like, we're not joining this union if you're gonna pardon my like, fuck us over. So the states, Michael, am I crazy? During when they were drawing up the constitution and the rules, they were like, Hey man, I don't wanna do what New York wants.


We have our own interests. How are you gonna protect our state? Because if all the population centers pick the president, then you're gonna F us over. And it's the United States. It's not the folks, it's, notice what I said, it's not the United people of America, it's the United States. They all have their own thing going on. Florida's got interest. New York doesn't have, we have a big lake in the middle called Lake O. If you are in New York going, I don't give a shit about Lake O. Exactly. Why would you? I do. It's if it overflows, it's gonna fuck the whole state up. It's not your problem, it's mine.


That's why we are the United States. So the founders said we can't elect the president on a popular vote because then these Wyoming, North Dakota, South Dakota, more reasonable. You get the point over time, they, they're now densely, not densely populated states. Their interest wouldn't be protected. It's the United States dumbass. You wouldn't have one without it. It's the only reason we have a United States and a constitution. One of the biggest issues holding up the drafting of our founding documents was how to pick the president. There was someone who wanted Congress to pick the president, but you had separation of powers, issues. Some wanted a monarch and they were like, screw that.


We got away from that shit. Others wanted the popular vote. So states were like, we ain't doing that. New York, California picked the president more in a minute. But


first, for those of us holding our breath for the past several months, we can exhale. Work can finally be done on the major issues this country's facing one of the most significant, our crushing national death. The fact is our nation's deep in the red that that's a house of cards that can't quickly be dismantled. So the strategy remains the same. Diversify your savings. That's why I buy gold from birch gold. So many things are out of our control, out of our president's control. It's important to have a safe haven for your savings. Birch Gold Group, my gold company will help you convert an IRA of 401k into an IRA in physical gold. And the best news doesn't cost you a penny out of pocket. So text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Get your free info kit. Plus right now through Black Friday, you'll receive a free one ounce silver eagle for every $5,000 purchased. Help protect your savings with Birch Gold. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Claim your eligibility for free silver today. Message and data rates apply,


man. Are you people stupid on the left, there would be no United States. You idiots. Gosh, you gotta have this. Now watch this. This is the tweet I showed you before. This is classic. You wanna talk about the biggest like self-owned set of tweets of all time. This is all over Twitter. Yesterday, even this woman, Pam in Florida, she ran for office was tweeting. So, so here are the numbers. Turnouts for the last elections from 2004 Presidentials, right to 2024. You have one, two, 1 million in 2004. Follow me here because I'll read 'em out to you if you're listening on audio. 1, 2, 9. In 2008, in 2012 we had 126 million 20 16, 120 8 million, 20, 2150 5 million.


We've never had more than 129 million. So in twenty twenty, a hundred fifty 5 million. Then in 2024 it's right back to 1 29 again. So lefties are like, Hey, nothing strange about this at all. And then some other guy rides, damn y'all, maybe we really did steal the election in 2020. This is, if there was ever a John McClain, you know where I'm going with this. Anyone know where I'm going with this in the chat? If there was ever a John McClain, Bruce Willis, diehard run, welcome to the Party pal. This is it. You wonder why a lot of Republicans are like, you wonder why we're kind of like, okay, so you got this pandemic thing. You do a mass mail-in ballot election for the first time.


Not the first time we've seen mail-in ballots, but a mass mail-in ballot election. Because gosh, your kids show up, everybody's gonna get sick and die from covid, which turned out to be hysteria. Okay? So you get a mass mail-in ballot election. You got states like Pennsylvania that randomly change the rules at the last minute. You've got the emergence of these drop boxes all over the place. All of a sudden something like what, you know, 20 million, close to 20 million new votes show up. 18, 20 million new votes show up, they don't appear again. And liberals are like, man, where do all those 18 million votes go? I don't know, man. I have no idea this, if there was ever a vindication day, this should be it.


And the greatest irony of all is Sean Davis said this. He was a guest on my radio show yesterday. And I I, I've thought about this often. If 2020 was a clean, fair election, like they said, I believe we would've won the greatest irony of all folks. They'd already be done with Donald Trump. They'd be done with 'em. Donald Trump would be leaving office in January, hopefully in a successful second term. And they'd be done with 'em, never have to deal with 'em again. He would've been termed out. And because of this anomaly and what I believe was a huge scam in 2020, now they got four more years. And if JD goes on and wins later, you could have 12 more years of the Trump dynasty. It's amazing how liberals, they, they they only, I told you all the time, like liberals are full of shit.


Nothing they tell you is real. Everything is bullshit all the time. If you question elections, you're an election Deni. They're questioning the election now. Oh, but we're not election deniers only. You guys are here. I wanna show you this one too. Here's the view yesterday. This is how pathetic and disgusting the left is. I said to you yesterday, do you think there's going to be a minute of unity or self-reflection? There will be a few. There'll be like the Harold Ford Juniors and the not crazy Democrats. If you've seen Harold on the five, I've met Harold personally many times. I'm telling you right now, you're not gonna convince me otherwise. 'cause I know this guy personally, unbelievably genuine, nice guy.


My father is a Republican but really likes the five. He met him at the the Patriot Awards. And Harold could not have been nicer to my dad. He's a genuinely good guy in the green room. Harold's just a Democrat, an old school Democrat with different ideas. You're not gonna get me to change my mind. I would never vote for Harold. Harold would never vote for me. But that is an infant decimally, small part of the Democrat party. I promise you that is gonna look back and go, what the did we do wrong? Or some do Very few, but some, most of the Democrats, I promise, are going to actually get crazier because they cannot blame themselves for their failings. They cannot possibly look in the mirror and go, we really suck. Here are the ladies in a view like it wasn't us.


It was definitely social media. We gotta look into banning this stuff, man. It said they can't do it. They cannot acknowledge they are the bad guys. They can't do it. Watch this. Thank Well, it would help if we could regulate social media. 'cause one of the biggest defenders is DC and Congress have not been able to do one thing in regard to the rogue corporations. I'm gonna Get any better with, with Elon Musk. Now in the, in the administration, I want, I want Folks, these are all over the place. I'm hoping to end the show with one of these today too. From M-S-N-B-C and similar clip. This is all they can talk about censoring people, booting Elon out of the country, pulling his government contracts, putting people in jail, weaponizing government, they cannot look in the mirror.


There are some, I'm not gonna bullshit you. There are a very small number of Democrats that are starting to realize they've got a problem, not even close to it. And they're afraid to speak out. They are afraid to speak out because they know the crazies. Like these losers will come after 'em. The Dan, Bongino Show. If you'd like to hear more, subscribe to the Dan, Bongino Show, wherever you get your podcast.