
As the lame duck, the president's dead set to fulfill his agenda before leaving Office Translation, we might be in store for more money Printing and soaring inflation is gold. The answer to protect your savings in retirement, well, to find out, get a free info kit from Birch Gold Group by texting the word Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Don't let inflation wreck your IRA or 401k. Secure it with gold text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free info kit from Birch Gold. Message and data rate supply, Dan Bonino.


Welcome to the Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino. It was ever the need for the bell today, fellas. Today is it The Bongino rule is in effect. Everybody, please, I'm asking you to not stand down, but just stand easy for a moment. The Justice Department, Merrick Garland, Lisa Monaco, Christopher Ray, basically all the people roped into Russiagate, Spygate, and every major hoax of the last six to 10 years, right? Are again telling you Russia, whenever they scream, Russia, you should scream Braveheart style.


Hold, hold. Remember with the spikes of the, the horses. Everyone hold as always, I like to give the bottom line up front. So, we can provide layered context for the show. There are two critical points I'm gonna make that are triage wise, the most important, and then three more. But these two you need to take away right away. The press conference yesterday claiming Russia's interfering in the election trying to help Donald Trump is clearly a plot to tar conservative voices in anticipation of the campaign of the, of the election.


Them roping in, I'll give you an example of what they did. They roped in guys, I know, I, I know Benny Johnson, I know Tim Poole. I don't know Lauren Chen well, we met one time at a a, a conservative review thing. I don't even know if we met him. I mean, But I, I don't know her that well. I don't know Lauren Southern. I mean, I know who they are. But I know Benny And, I know Tim Pool. They, the Lauren Chen stuff is different. And again, these are all allegations. Everybody's obviously entitled to due process, especially from this government. This is obviously a plot before the election to get you to distrust conservative voices.


I'm seeing it already, ladies and gentlemen. The Bonino team. So, we and By, the way this is a, I I'm hesitant to even say this 'cause it comes off like a when did you stop beating your wife? Answer to a ridiculous question that wasn't even asked. But because I know, and I'm seeing it already, every conservative on Twitter with a following is seeing it this morning. The liberals needed something prior to an election because they're losing and they know they're losing the fake Kamala Harris AstroTurf bullshit is over. The polls are turning. Donald Trump put in a fantastic performance last night on the Hannity Town Hall. They are in deep shit, and they know it.


They need a Russia hoax so that everyone can respond to a conservative on Twitter and say, what folks? You guessed it. Oh, are you paid by Russia two? That's the only reason they did this. Go look at my Twitter feed folks. I'm an investor in Rumble, okay? We do not take money from outside investors in Bonino, Inc. Do you understand that? Our we are the advertisers are ads You know their ads because they're freaking ads. We do not take money from external funders who fund this show.


It is funded by Bonino Inc. And the President You know who it is. It's bonino me. We do not take money. I'm I'm, you guys wanna take money? That's fine. I'm not like trying to pile on anyone. I I it's not my business. We, I am an inve. I give money, I invest money in places like Rumble. Rumble is banned in Russia because Rumble is a free speech platform. And some jerk wads in Russia wanted us to pull down content And, we said, and they said, you're banned here.


So it's kind of funny to see asshole liberals who are the dumbest mother on the planet. There's no close, there's no close. Say there's liberals and like speckle toad, sloths. That's how dumb they are. I like, are you Russian too? Yeah, yeah. I I'm a big Russian stge. I I'm banned in Russia. Did you, did You know that dumb asses? I invest in a company that's literally banned in in Russia, you stupid mother, but do You. see how it already works for them? Because Merrick Garland and Joe Biden know for a fact their followers are as dumb as a box of rocks.


They put this thing out there and go, Hey, Dave Rubin, Benny Johnson, Tim Pool, they're Russian hinting. They're Russian stooges. And yet if you actually read the indictment, which dumb ass liberals will never do, it says clear as day that they had no idea who these funders were. Folks, you have problems with them taking money from investors. Fine, you, you, you are entitled to an opinion. I know these guys, I've been on their shows. If you think these guys are Putin STO agents, I'm sorry, you're as dumb as the liberals.


Should they have done more due diligence? I don't know, folks. That's not how I run my business. That's their business. But if you think these guys are Russian stooges, you're outta your mind. And the government doesn't either because If, you read the indictment. Some of them said they weren't even contacted by the DOJ By. The way this is all information coming from the same FBI and DOJ that has lied to you in the past. So 0.1, this is a plot to diminish conservative voices. Every conservative from this point on on social media is gonna have some dumb ass, dumb as a box of rocks liberal comment on Facebook or Twitter.


Are you rushing to, they're not gonna mention the fact that the governor of New York, Eric Swalwell and Diane Feinstein, three of the most powerful Democrats in the country at one point, right, have all been in credibly accused of being complicit, being complicit in a Chinese Communist party effort to infiltrate their operations. No one's gonna mention that. Meanwhile, the indictment here says, these guys didn't know anything about it, but yet they're guilty. Go read the Twitter 20. Are you master too? Yeah, Russia, we're banned in Russia. You dumb sons of bitches. You're so stupid.


You are so dumb. It's like I thank the Lord every day. I'm not a liberal. I mean it. Here's my second point, and this is something a lot of people need to be concerned about the allegations and they are allegations by a corrupted FBI and DOJ. Keep that in mind. The Bongino rule is in effect, I have drawn no conclusions. And, you shouldn't either. Lauren Chen is entitled to due process like anyone else. She is accused, accused in all caps in the indictment. It's out there. So we've got a cover it.


So accused of taking some Russia connected money to start this media company to recruit conservative influencers, Benny, Tim Pool and others to basically get pro mu Russia messages out there. They're accusations. That is all they are from a already corrupted enterprise. Keep that in mind more in a minute.


But first, hey, time is our precious commodity, most precious commodity. I've heard from so many of my listeners who've asked about advice about how you can spend time wise. I even wrote about it in my book. You wanna improve yourself in the people around you. So why I'm really stoked about Hillsdale College, I use them. They're fantastic. They're offering more than 40 free online courses in the most important and enduring subjects. You can learn about the works of CS Lewis stories in the book of Genesis, the meaning of the US Constitution, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, or the history of the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale College online courses all available for free. That's right for free. I personally recommend you sign up for ancient Christianity. It's an 11 lecture course. You'll study the inspiring stories of Christ as apostles, the faithful ones who are at the first four centuries of Christianity. You'll learn the arguments of key early Christian apologists who defended the Christian faith in the faith of persecution. The course is self-paced. You can start whenever and wherever. Enroll now in ancient Christianity to discover the improbable, miraculous story of Christianity. Go right now to hillsdale.edu slash bonino to enroll. There's no cost and it's easy to get started. That's hillsdale.edu slash bonino to register hillsdale.edu slash bonino.


But I'd be remiss as a former federal agent to not warn people at, given these accusations are other people. I'm not accusing anyone specifically. I want to be clear, are people working with the feds right now to try to ensnare other conservative influencers into this alleged alleged operation? I'm just gonna say this, be very careful who you're emailing and be very careful who you're talking to and be very careful that you're not talking to someone working with the feds on the other end of the line You know what's interesting as when, when, when PP Hoaxers who were higher up officials in the DOJ when they were spying on Donald Trump, when they inadvertently say the quiet part out loud, here's an Andrew Weissman tweet if you think I'm crazy By.


The way that you better be careful who you're talking to on the phone or anyone else. Here's Andrew Weissman, the the Bob Mueller guy. He was Bob Mueller's chief lieutenant. This guy is one of the biggest Russia PP tape hoaxers out there. He tweeted this out last night. The new DOJ charging documents raise a curious question. DOJ charges two lower level employees of a Russia front company, but despite providing chapter and verse about the complicity of the two founders of that company, the founders are not charged. My suspicion based on DOJ experience is the founders were charged a while ago under seal and flipped.


IE are cooperating with the US government. Now you may say, why would Andrew Weisman write that? He's not trying to help you folks. This guy hates you. He's trying to again, confer to his audience that the Russia gate thing is real by saying, look, they got these people on the inside, the Feds working undercover, this big network. What he doesn't realize is he's inadvertently saying that this may be a Fed op and may have been a federal government op the whole time. Who's over there? Justin? Is this making sense? This whole thing? Ladies and gentlemen, this is why I told you, be very careful.


These are accusations from a corrupt federal government and allegations only. I would not be the least bit surprised if this entire thing was in fact started by the federal government in an effort to rope in conservatives, not an investigation that caught conservatives. I don't know. It's early and I'm applying the Bonino rule, but I'm begging you to please give these people their due process and the benefit of the doubt until this corrupt federal government can produce actual hard evidence. And, we see it from a trusted source and it's not Lisa Mona Merrick Garland and Christopher Ray.


You can't trust a single thing. These people say Top two takeaways. This is definitely a plot to tar every conservative voice out there with the Russia label. 100%. Number two, are people working with the federal government and was this a fed op from the start? Those are the two biggest takeaways. I wanna make three more subordinate points almost as important folks, if this was an operation to help Donald Trump, which I don't believe it was.


Wait, now you're getting confusing. Dan, you don't think this was No, I don't. I think this was an operation to sow chaos. I think the feds so eager the corrupt federal government to create a new Russia hoax. Actually, this is, I can't believe I'm saying this took Vladimir Putin's bait. I'm almost sure of it. You think these people are stupid dangling this Russian money? Did You see the pitch deck they put out to some of these conservative influencers? It's like go to Cernovich's feed, read. It's, it's, it's written in like third grade language.


I believe this was a baiting operation. Vladimir Putin does not care who wins. Vladimir Putin cares about what? Us losing us. You mean conservatives? No, I mean us meaning the United States. Vladimir Putin cares about one thing and one thing only chaos. And what happened? The federal government took debate, ran with this story. Putin knows they're gonna do it because the Democrats need a Russia hoax for the media. Is everybody following me? I hope I'm not confusing here. Vladimir or Putin knows the Democrats are dumb asses. He knows liberals are dumb as a box of rocks.


He knows the left wing media is dying to run a story about how conservatives are in the pocket of Putin. He knows that will cause national division and people not to trust elections and violence in the streets after the election. That's all the stuff he wants. That's what Putin wants. He dangles this thing out there, this Russia media company thing. Of course, the feds bite on it. They run with it rope in some conservative influencers who You know, I mean, didn't do due diligence against it, right? Whatever allegations. But he did not want Donald Trump. He wants chaos.


Here, I'll prove it to you. Here's Vladimir Putin in an interview he just gave, just gave perfectly timed right with this indictment where he gives his endorsement for the election. I thought he loved Donald Trump That if we can name a favorite candidate, it it was, it used to be Joe Biden, but now he's not participating a in the election campaign and he recommended all his allies to support Ms. Harris. So that is what we are going to do.


Wait, screw is weak. I told you to play the Putin video where he endorsed it's Trump. That's sick of these guys couldn't find him. Why? Why couldn't you find it? Because, because it's not must have just clicked. The wrong video. Must have just clicked the wrong video. Michael said. He's just, he's like, I'm new here. I've only been here six months or so. It's a, that is generous, sir. Maybe four. Why would Vladimir Putin now? 'cause I'm not a dumb ass liberal. Let me tell you right now in advance, I don't believe Vladimir Putin wants Kamala Harris to win. Vladimir Putin wants whoever to win.


That's gonna cause the most chaos. Trump Biden Harris, he doesn't care. He cares about chaos. Vladimir Putin waited for the US media to take debate. Run with this. Russian wants to help Trump and to cause maximum chaos. He perfectly times a oppressor, which he doesn't do that often, saying he endorses Harris. Believe none of this. He's a KGB agent. It's the American press that's given this guy, the, the wind in his sails. He's laughing You see him in that clip. Can we get a still of that? He thinks this is hilarious. This guy thinks this is funny.


His goal is chaos. He doesn't give a shit who wins as long as the United States loses and there's chaos after the election bank on it and the American media and the left just ran with it. I wanna make one last point. I'm gonna take a quick break. Look, look at his face folks, look at this smirk. He thinks this is hilarious. I'll take my word for it. Watch this. Still shot By the way Lauren Chen, who is alleged, alleged to be some conservative influencer taking money to support Trump.


If you look at her Twitter feed, her tweets are, some of them are out there trying to knock Trump. What kind of op is this? I got two more points coming up. This was, but take remember this. Point three. This was not a pro-Trump operation. It's a pro chaos operation. Just dumb ass liberals are too freaking stupid to see it. Liberals just don't be stupid. Please don't be stupid. The Dan Bongino Show.


If you'd like to hear more, subscribe to the Dan Bongino Show wherever you get your podcast.