
As the lame duck, the president's dead set to fulfill his agenda before leaving office Translation, we might be in store for more money Printing and soaring inflation is gold. The answer to protect your savings in retirement, well, to find out, get a free info kit from Birch Gold Group by texting the word Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Don't let inflation wreck your IRA or 401k. Secure it with gold text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free info kit from Birch Gold. Message and data rate supply.


Dan Bonino. Welcome to the Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino Folks again. I told you, you know, what does Aunt Jane say? Folks? Aunt Jane was my godmother. I loved her. Obviously my mother's sister, she was one of the best human beings I ever met. She passed, unfortunately, but I loved her to death. Do you remember what she said? You P ones Daniel self praise stinks. She used to say it all the time. 'cause when I was a kid, I could be a little arrogant sometimes shock her. She's like, so praise things, but I just don't ever want you to think you're wasting your time here. Gallup. Gallup. That's no huge friend to Donald Trump. I mean, it's a polling outlet. They have no reason to put this out if it's not true.


Nearly identical percentages of adults rate Donald Trump and Kamala Harris favorably in Gallup's latest September 13th poll during which the candidates debated for the first time, September 3rd through the 15th. But matter of fact, more of them raid Donald Trump favorably. I I, I, all right. Forget it. Whatever. You, you get the point. I've said it a thousand times. I just I, I feel like I owe you something and you're, again, two weeks ahead of the news cycle. That debate changed. Nothing. Folks, the soundbites and the pictures and the snapshots coming out of it were awful. Kamala Harris looked like an idiot. Everything she said was debunked within five minutes of getting off the air. Listen, I'm a little worried about the election, however, and although I think a lot of things are going in our direction, one of the reasons I, outside of the psychology of talking about red waves, meaning I, just don't wanna talk about a red wave.


Number one, because there's no good that can come out of it. If there's a red wave that's gonna happen, great. You talking about it is only gonna incentivize people to not vote who are gonna think they don't need my vote. There's a red wave coming. There's nothing that stop talking about it. But from a technical, forget the psychology a second. From a technical sense, the reason I, I'm having an issue with the red wave talk is folks, they are going to cheat. Now, I think, from what I've heard from election experts, I'm just giving you what people say I trust, who are hardcore conservatives who study this, cheating in really poorly controlled voter integrity states.


Listen to what I'm gonna tell you. This is coming from them is about one to one and a half percent when it's bad. Because if you're gonna vote for someone, you gotta make sure that someone doesn't show up. A lot of these people doing it, they can't make it obvious. They gotta try to make it appear like it's organic. So say it's one and one, say it's two, whatever. In a lot of these swing states, I believe Donald Trump is probably up two or maybe more so I believe we may even beat the cheating. However, they are gonna cheat folks and there's no doubt in my mind they are fighting the save act, which would do one simple thing. It would stop people who are not authorized to vote illegals from registering to vote.


The Democrats don't wanna do it. Occam's Razor. Why would the Democrats not wanna stop illegals from voting? Anyone in the chat? Yes, because they want illegals to vote more in a minute.


But first, folks, everybody's talking about those weight loss injections. 'cause the results are really dramatic. They work by lowering blood sugar and reducing your appetite. It's really simple. But what if you don't have any, a lot of money for these shots? They can be expensive and you don't like injections. That's why Brickhouse Nutrition's doctors created a supplement called Lean, LEAN. The results are incredible. I can personally vouch, I lost about 28 pounds on it. Over the course of a couple months, the studied ingredients in lean have been shown to help lower your blood sugar and help burn fat by converting it into energy and help curb your appetite and cravings. Lean's not for the diet, only has a few pounds to lose the docs. At Brickhouse, they created Lean for Frustrated Dieters with 10 or more pounds to lose. Again, I can personally vouch for people Ask How I lost weight. That's how you can get started with 15% off today in free rush shipping, add Lean to your Wellness and exercise plan. Visit take LEA n.com and enter code Dan 15, Dan one five for your discount. That's promo code Dan fifteen@takeleann.com. These statements of products have not been a value by the fda. They are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease. They're not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider.


Here's Speaker Mike Johnson who could be doing more on this, obviously, but I still wanna play it. He's obviously the speaker of the house. I'm worried about their efforts to get illegals to vote. He makes a good point here. There are congressional races in the country that were decided from, you know, by 200 votes. Do you have any idea how many illegals are in the country right now? Check this Out. What's happening around the country right now is that the millions and millions of illegals who have come across that border since the borders are Kamala Harris and Joe Biden open it wide, is that some of them are, are trying to register to participate in in the election. Many of them, we, we know six or seven states have already done their own audits. They've proven you've got thousands and thousands of illegals on the voter rolls right now.


And here's the problem. You know, if you have just a small percentage of those millions of people that try to participate, you can throw the outcome of the election. You can throw the, the outcome of who has the majority in the house. I have a colleague who won her seat in Congress in 2020 by six votes. I've got another Republican colleague won his race by about 250 votes. It's easy to throw these things off and you could even affect the outcome of a presidential cycle depending on where all those illegals are participating. Some of these swing states are a real concern. So we have to make sure that before someone registers to vote, they prove that they are a US citizen because that is existing federal law. Believe me, I we read the chat.


There's no point in having it if you're not gonna read it. The whole point of a live show at 11 is the interactivity. I get your anger. I am a hundred percent with you. I've had actual verbal jousting events with the speaker on the air about FISA and other issues. I'm playing the clip because that aired on CNBC. We can't just air stuff that happens on Fox and Newsmax and OAN 'cause I wanna see what the other side is. Hearing folks, they're hearing this, they don't care. They are going to cheat. If not, they would try to prevent cheating and they don't wanna prevent cheating because they know they're in real trouble. Now, the why, folks, they wouldn't be so focused on this making such a transparent effort to steal another election if they weren't worried.


Here's the good news, again, for the thousandth time, maybe the 2000, this is no excuse to get into Red Wave talk. We're not gonna do that here. However, I'm telling you, they are hiding something big with Kamala Harris. I can almost guarantee you her internal polling, which is probably legitimately weighted, not weighted heavily towards Democrats because they wanna know where they are. I can almost guarantee you internal polling indicates Kamala Harris is in real trouble. That in other words, without cheating, she really has no chance. Why do you think Trump's in New York, folks New York? There is something.


These two teams know Harris's team looks nervous, their interviews are terrible. They're EC clips surfacing every single day of a radical communist ideas and nonsense. They're in real trouble. This one surfaced yesterday. Every day a new bombshell comes out in an ordinary campaign where there wasn't a fully hacked in communist media and 10 million illegals in the country. This candidate you're about to see loses the national V election by the national vote, popular vote, excuse me, by five points and loses the election by over 300 electoral college votes. This would be, it would end your campaign, but because it's Kamala Harris and she's protected this, just found its way into social media.


Here's a clip yesterday that surface of Kamala Harris with Gavin nuisance out in California. How does this make you feel if you're a gun owner, she's threatening to come into your house claiming she has the right to do that, to basically check up on you and your guns. Kamala Harris. Because if you owe this loser who's never had a freaking job in her life, who is a genuine imbecile, anything, she wants to come into your house, don't listen to me. Listen to her. Check this out. Responsible Behaviors among everybody in the community, and just because you legally possess a gun in the sanctity of your locked home, doesn't mean that we're not gonna walk into that home and check to see if you're being responsible and safe in the way you conduct your Affair.


Have you heard from, Michael said it right in one show. You know how many, how many civil rights and constitutionally enshrined, God-given rights, right? Can we abolish in one show, first Amendment, second Amendment, fifth, fourth. I mean, this is who she is. This would be a deal sealer in any other campaign. Gun owners, hunters, people who are even remotely interested in self-protection would be like, wait, wait. What the hell do you th you, you think you have the right to come into my house and check on me? Are you nuts? You moron? Weren't you like Montel Williams date one time if you ever had a real job, the hell outta my house?


Are you crazy? But because the Pretorian guard, communist media is protecting her amazingly, she still has her head above the electoral waters. Here she is doing an interview with a group of friendlies the other day and says, it's hard to say the dumbest thing of the campaign cycle. 'cause almost everything she says surpasses the last level of stupid. Here she is ridiculously claiming when they came into office, Biden and Harris, that the unemployment rate was the highest since the Great Depression folk. Gee, can you put the chart up first? The Bbl S chart. Here's from the Bureau of Labor and Statistics folks.


The unemployment rate in the Obama administration, if you go back and actually look, was far higher than the post covid, the post covid Trump unemployment rate, which was rebounding. By the way. Nothing this woman tells you is true. Here's the clip. This is utterly absurd. Everything she says is bullshit. Everything. Watch this. Are They better off now than they were four years ago? Four years ago when we came in, we came in during the worst unemployment since the Great Depression. This thank you to the guy.


And was that a vet? The beard, I'm sorry, I don. We, we, we, sometimes we grab stuff and I forget who it's from my, my fault on it, but great job. That is a great job putting this clip up right next to the national. The unemployment rate for Obama was 9.8, 9.1, and 8.3. The unemployment rate. Post covid. Post covid folks, not even post covid, but still Covid going on. But I mean post like really was 6.3 and going down dramatically. She's just making this up. The unemployment rate in the Great Depression reached 25%. The woman is an idiot. Four years ago when we came in, we came in during the worst unemployment, since the Great Depression.


She just made that up. There's only two answers to this. She either made it up or she's a genuine il. The Dan Bongino Show. If you'd like to hear more, subscribe to the Dan, Bongino Show, wherever you get your podcast.