
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. Yeah. Yeah. Another banger of a news day today. This is like a, it's like a, like a Rolling Stones concert or something where they just keep like rocking out the hits every single time. I mean that it, ever since the election, do you feel like it hasn't slowed down? You know, gee and I have this, we have this thing we talk about whenever there's a slow news cycle and we feel like we, You know, I'm not, we don't fabricate news stories. I'm not the New York Times, right? We have this thing we call like it's another Joe Rogan thing. Do you remember when Joe Rogan and the Spotify thing happened?


Remember Spotify? They had like that fight over content. Remember that key? Nothing was happening in the news cycle at all and that was like the only thing anyone talked about for two weeks that remember that that is not now we are leaving content on the table every day just since yesterday. Massive breaking news about what's going on with Facebook. Everybody hold, Hold. You ever see Braveheart? Hold, Hold. Don't jump in either direction. Don't do it. Don't do it. Your boy, Dan, what do I say all the time to you?


Do not get emotional about this then you're like a leftist. Be transactional. All we want is plus ones and minus ones. That is it. Don't jump on me. This is awesome. Facebook's our best friend now. But also it's silly to jump on the fuck Facebook. This is the stupidest thing ever. Hello? I dunno. Hold, hold. Just hold. Karate man holds 'cause the karate man is patient and he only feels pain on the inside.


Hold Like the karate man. I will not steal you wrong. I have gone through the mat on this free speech thing with my money, my blood, sweat and tears and my entire reputation. We're gonna talk about that a lot going on, including the greatest piece of video ever. Kamala Harris presiding over her own political demise, which was just fantastic yesterday. I love it when coms lose. Alright, let's get to the show.


Hey, a lot of us are trying to get our finances in order and start the year off right. There's some great news for homeowners. Interest rates have dropped that are now in the fives. If you've been buried in high interest card debt, credit card debt, now's the time to break. Free American financing. Yes, American financing. Use them. They can help you access the cash in your home to pay off your high interest debt that's crushing you right now. Last year, their salary based mortgage consultants help consumers save an average of $800 a month. It's like giving yourself a $10,000 raise. What a way to start off the new year and if you start today, you may be able to delay two yes, two mortgage payments. Call American financing today, write the number down, 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. That's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60 or visit them online. It's a.net address, not a.com, it's american financing.net american financing.net NMLS 1 2 3 3 4 NMLS consumer access.org. A PR for rates in the five, starts at 6.458% for well qualified borrowers called 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60 for details about credit costs and terms. Thank you American Finance.


Alright fellas, for the second show of this amazing New Year. I'm gonna get into this in more detail in a moment, I promise you. However, I just wanna start with this and then I have to dig into this seismic, at least announcement by Facebook, which we're all holding on what we need to talk about. 'cause it could be A BFD could however you need to see this. 'cause this is one of the greatest pieces of video ever here is Kamala Harris announcing she got smoked in the presidential election. She's of course still the vice president, so she presides over the counting of the electoral votes. So, so great said, it's so great.


And here is the eruption from the crowd of Republicans as she announces Donald Trump Has basically smoked her at this election. This is wonderful. Check this out. The votes for president of the United States are as follows. Donald J. Trump of the state of Florida has received 312 votes. Kamala d Harris, Kamala d Harris of the state of California has received 226 votes.


Glorious, just glorious to watch that was it? Is she the first female vice president to preside? I think she is. I think she is. To preside over her own electoral defeat. I love When they call her madam President. She's President. Cheers. Cheers to that Justin Madam President is president. It's the only madam president she's ever gonna get. Yep, the Last time. Cheers to that one. We love you America. You did the right thing. God bless you Patriots, for not only showing up and voting but bringing how many people with you? 10 karate band style, Total karate man style, defeating the single worst presidential candidate of any party in modern or not so modern American history.


Now let me get to this. I'm gonna get back to, I got a ton to get to today by the way, including the, the show is titled about the January 6th bomber case because one, I'm not letting it go. And two, there's been explosive new information and as always, deep state specialist dissector of the deep state, Mike Ben, one of our favorite commentators, dropped the bombshell yesterday about some J six bomber video that I'm gonna get to. And what I told you years ago is correct. It's the biggest scandal of our time. Your boy's not wrong, but I do wanna get to this first, 'cause this just caught me off guard this morning.


I wake up this morning, I'd heard some rumblings that something big was coming out of the Facebook. I'm gotta tell you where or why, but some people had told me, Hey, there's some things happening at Facebook. Ladies and gentlemen, Facebook is still a very big social media platform and it is an enormous vehicle for getting our message out. There is also no doubt that Facebook via third party fact checkers and others has targeted political voices, largely conservative. Zero doubt about that. Okay? It is the single dumbest business strategy I've ever seen. Why you would tell people 50% of America that identifies as Republicans, maga, libertarian, conservative, and the other brands that fall under the kind of conservative Republican umbrella.


Why you would tell 50% of America, Hey, go to our platform, enjoy it, spread it around and recommend facebook.com and Facebook the app to people and then say, but if you do, what we're gonna censor you was yes, the single dumbest business strategy of all time it appears, appears that there's been a U-turn and a change in direction. We're trust but verify people. So hold. So I'm watching Fox this morning sitting there getting a workout and it was a killer, by the way, probably shouldn't be doing dips through my bad shoulders, but I'm doing some dips and I'm pumping them dips out. I'm like, yeah baby, this is a pectoral minor. Big time pump here. And I look over and I see a Facebook executive, Joel Kaplan, who I'm pretty sure I remember when I worked inside the Bush White House with the Secret Service.


He works at Facebook and he's on Fox and he makes this announcement that Facebook thankfully is getting rid of the communist fact checking program and is not going to deprioritize political information anymore. Here the guy out, we'll see what he says. Don't please don't get emotional about this. Huge mistake. Check this out. If you're making big changes, does that mean you were doing something wrong before? Look, this, this is a great opportunity for us to reset the balance in favor of free expression as Mark says in that video, what we're doing today is we're getting back to our roots in free expression. There's a a number of changes we're making, but if I could and just highlight three, yep.


First is as, as you heard, we're eliminating the third party fact checking system well-intentioned at the outset, but there's just been too much political bias in what they choose to fact check and how, so we're just scrapping entirely. What? Okay, what do you mean? You mean you the fact checkers, you set up your but they're yours FactCheck, right? Well they, so the idea was they're independent fact checkers, but they've just been too biased. And so what we're gonna do instead is adopt a system like X has of community notes. So we're just gonna rely on our own community of users to provide people more information about what they're seeing and we think that's gonna work for, so give us an Hold. I'm already being, let me, if we said that Elon wins again.


Larry Red one in the chat. Flag lover. I don't believe Zuck, don't believe the Facebook Bs j Seneca. I I listen folks, I get it, I get it. Well who says this? I never use Facebook Pink puggle. I get it, I get it. I don't want to, this is really super important. We discuss this folks because in the digital future exchange of informa, gosh, don't mess this up Dan. This is super important. I've dedicated my entire life to free speech. No more dicking around. I'm not being sarcastic here. Karate man, funny time is over.


If you don't have free speech and the free exchange of ideas, you cannot possibly have a republic. That's what we are. We're not a democracy, we're a republic. You know that I'm, you don't need a lesson from me on civics. You cannot. It is not possible to have a republic without the ability to speak and advocate for your ideas. The whole idea of a republic in contrast to a direct democracy is we elect people in a republic to advocate for our ideas. If we can't tweet to them and respond to their Facebook posts and say, Hey, the guy I just elected, Congressman Joey Bagga Donuts, because I can't vote on that issue.


But you can, your position is stupid if I can't do that. You don't have a republic, you have an oligarchy or maybe a dictatorship or a communist regime, but you sure as shit don't have a republic. Facebook, whether we like it or not, it doesn't matter what we like don't get emotional is the most popular social media vehicle in the world. It has billions of users. If we can't speak on there, we lose. Now let me just throw the gauntlet down to anyone out there challenging my bonafides out there and I'm not suggesting it's you at all, but there are people listening to the show and be like, are you defending Facebook?


I'm defending nothing. I'm defending plus ones and minus ones and that is it. I'm not emotional about this. I'm passionate but I'm not emotional. There's a difference. Nobody has been attacked on a platform more brutally and I don't mean violently obviously. I don't wanna be dramatic than Facebook hitting me. Ladies and gentlemen, we were the number one Facebook page in the world on any given day for eternity. The New York Times and Washington Post, it hates me, wrote articles about 'em. One of 'em is called Look this up right now. Anita, put this link in the chat if you can go to New York Times the New York Times and put, here's the title, I'll read it slow.


I want you to read this article in case you think I'm bullshitting you. Right wing pundit draws a lot of who's, who's like WHOS on Facebook. Put it in now. Right wing pundit draws a lot of who's on Facebook. It was a New York Times article echoed later by the Washington Post about my page being beating everyone on Facebook, the New York Times, the post CNN Fox, everyone, Facebook crushed us. So anyone out there saying, Dan, I think you're giving these people too much credit. You don't have any skin again, no ski in the game. I had the most ski in the game. I would throw numbers out there, but I don't wanna make this about money.


We were destroyed financially on that platform destroyed. If anyone has a bone to pick here it's me. But I'm not emotional bro. I'm not. I'm passionate but I'm not emotional. I hope you understand the distinction I'm making and it's not irrelevant If Facebook is going to come out and say we f this thing up, we are going to give conservatives and MAGA people a platform to speak freely. I don't want you to promote it. I just want you to get the fuck out of the way. Can I pardon the life? Just get the fuck outta the way.


Let my listeners go to my page and say, I like this guy's stuff. Send me more. That's not you promoting anything. That's them asking the platform to send me stuff they like. Just get out of the way. Then we should say great development. I don't trust anything I'm you get, you deserve no applause for this. We will watch what happens. And if you do that and I start seeing more conservative content I like on my page, on my page when I see the results, then You know what? Then maybe I'll say, okay, nice, but they deserve no applause for this.


I wanna be clear. We like it, we want, we are gonna verify this, but it reminds me of the Chris Rock segment. Remember the Chris Rock segment about being a dad. When people brag about taking care of their kids, I take care of my, you supposed to take care of your kids. You are a platform that people go to use to get information they like. Why would you tell people that like conservative information on Facebook? You are not allowed to have conservative information. It's the single dumbest business decision I've ever seen. But if they're going to make a U-turn, then it's up to us to keep their feet to the fire.


No applause here. No nothing, but I'm just asking you not to go in the other direction either. I've seen too many false prophets in this free speech space. Too many we've been burned before. We may get burned again. Facebook may say this and then there's a covid thing tomorrow and they're back to like you can't post about masks. I'm begging you to be transactional just like we are with politicians. Don't get emotional about, oh that guy gave a great speech about conservatism. Good. He screwed you over the next day. Don't do it.


This has to be followed up by action. Here is a good first sign here. Dana White from the UFC who has been an outspoken champion for free speech. I like Dana a lot. Disclosure because you're owed that I have a relationship with Dana. We're not best friends, we don't go out for coffee, but we've met a couple times. That's about it. But we spoken and I know in personal conversations that he means what he says about free speech. I wouldn't lie to you something like that's not what we do here. This show doesn't have authenticity, it doesn't have anything Dana's been appointed to the Facebook board. Company's called Meta, but You know, you get the point.


Here's Dana White in a segment. You guys may remember from a while ago talking about the idea about speaking freely. So again, we're gonna verify all of this before anybody gets any kind of attaboys over at Facebook, but this is a nice first step pointing this guy onto the board, check this out. But like You obviously give a long leash to your fighters about You know what they can say when they are up there with a UFC microphone and you are getting into territory of homophobia, transphobia like is there I don't give anybody a leash. Well, I'm saying you A leash. I'm like Free speech gonna control what people say.


Gonna tell people what to believe. Gonna tell people I don't fucking tell any other human being what to say, what to think. And there's no leashes on any of 'em. What is your question? I was asking that question. I'll move on though. Yeah, Probably a good idea. You you. That's ridiculous to say. I give somebody a leash free speech brother. People can say whatever they want and they can believe whatever they want. You want that guy on the board or you want a bunch of commies? Nobody's getting any outta boys folks. You supposed to take care of your kids. You were supposed to be a platform, but please, I'm gonna ask you one last time, do not fall into the trap of the left wing emotions game where we get into the emotions of it.


Alright, I I, whenever you're talking about your education, you sound like a dickhead, so I'm asking you for some dispensation in advance. Okay? One of the few things I learned in psychology, undergrad, grad school, I learned a lot. I took neuropsychology, it was good stuff. Learned about like the nucleus accumbens and So I was pretty cool. I didn't learn shit in undergrad, okay? Because I took more theoretical crap. But one thing I learned that was pretty powerful is people who get lost focused on emotions when they should be focused on problems and problems when they should be focused on emotions. I'll give you an example. Someone dies in your family and a year later you can't get past it. You're focused way too much on the emotions rather than the problem that the person's dead, they're not coming back, okay?


They're not coming back. And then people focus on the emotions like, oh this promotion at work's gonna be a lot of responsibility and they're stressed out for weeks. Rather than focusing on a problem like how do I mitigate the stress and prepare myself for the promotion? Do not focus on emotions when you should be focusing on the problem. The problem is steering us in the face. Facebook is the world's biggest platform for information exchange. Facebook censored us now they're saying they won't. Now we have to verify and we have to use it to advance our agenda. Just like the liberals use it to advance theirs. There's nothing wrong with that as long as they stick to their word, please don't get emotional. That's what liberals do and that's why they got burned.


They got emotional about Trump instead of handling their problem, not ours. What did they focus on? They we hate Trump. Put 'em in jail instead of handling the problem. Why do Trump voters not like us? Don't make that mistake. I got a lot more to talk about. I'm gonna show you how the left still can't get outta their own way on this and we could take advantage of it and take quick break and I'm gonna get back to this. I'm gonna show you how the left is handling this information. Why we have an opportunity here folks.


For over 10 years, Patriot Mobile's been America's only Christian conservative wireless providers standing behind their service and their values as a company. Their example of putting the cause ahead of profits, I'm proud to partner with them right now. You can get their every Friday matters special today. Patriot Mobile. It's giving away a brand new smartphone when you make the switch. Patriot Mobile offers exceptional nationwide coverage, giving you access to all three major networks without your dollars funding the left. When you switch to Patriot Mobile, you're supporting a company who believes in free speech, religious freedom, the second amendment to sanctity of life and more. The 100% US based customer service team makes switching easy. Keep your number and for a limited time get a free smartphone. Go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot and use promo promo code Friday. Again, that's a free smartphone. Offer his eligible only with the promo code. Friday limited time offer until supplies run out. Terms and conditions apply. So join me and make the switch today. Patriot mobile.com/dan patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot


also sponsored today by ladies and gentlemen. It's a new year You have weight to lose. A lot of us do. Here's what you can do for me. No company in America aligns more with making America healthy again and the movement than PhD weight loss. They've been with us a long time. PhD Weight Loss is a nutrition company I've endorsed for over a year now on my radio show. Producer Jim from the radio show can ask him, reach out to him on Twitter. He is. JJ Verde dropped over 50 pounds in a short time using it. He looks amazing. Kept it off by the way. Everyone's blown away with PhD's approach and Jim's results. PhD weight loss helps tackle the real problem. Fixing what you eat with accountability and support starts with a simple phone call with a nutritionist, a real person that creates an easy to follow plan with a weekly target goal for you. They send 80% of your weekly foods to you at no extra cost and every week you do a weigh in call with your nutritionist, get help dropping all the excess fat weight you can do it. No workouts, no more yo-yo dieting. You won't, you won't fail and it could be fun, easy and fast. Be healthy again. It all starts with a simple phone call. Visit my PhD weight loss.com, that's my PhD, weight loss.com. Be healthy again. Weight loss results vary per individual consult with a medical professional. Thank you. PhD Weight loss.


All right, back to the show. So the left is freaking out about this folks. Why? Because the left is full of shit. You know, I would say to Facebook people, the biggest mistake you ever make ever made was believing that the left is sincere about boycotts. They're full of shit. The left has been eating a Chick-fil-A forever despite protesting their religious stance and staying closed on Sunday. Okay? The right when they boycott is for real. So it was a huge mistake buying into their bullshit. Here's what you get from the left. This Axios piece about the appointment of Dana White to the to the meta board, mark Zuckerberg moved further in the direction of maga. This is hilarious. Maga, all he did was say we're not gonna censor people when he appointed three white men.


Three. It's like, I can't get over how like the melanin content. Leave that out for a second. The melanin content of your skin. These people can't get past it. He went maga, he appointed three white men, including Trump friend Dana White to the made board, meta board of directors. Folks, these people cannot get out of their own way. Do you understand my emotions? Focus versus problem focused issue. The left has a problem. You know what the problem is? Everybody fucking hates you. You suck. They hate your identity Politics, they hate your defund. The police, they hate your open borders. They hate your inflation.


Justin Trudeau got his ass kicked up in Canada. Joe Biden got his ass kicked. Kamala Harris got his ass kicked. You lost the Senate. They've got a problem. And what are they focused on? The emotions. We hate white people that they can't stop. This is why they will continue to lose. We have an opportunity here. That opportunity will be lost if you make the same mistake they do and you get emotional. I hate Facebook. Fine, fine. We all should what they did to us. That's not the problem right now. Problem is getting our message out because we're dealing with these losers.


I told you I get back to Kamala Harrison, I gotta get to the January 6th bomber story. So moving on here, that's, we're gonna be covering this a lot this week, folks. Speaking of messaging, Facebook, X Rumble, even screw tube. They were all important for us to get our message out because if we don't, the left's message is gonna win because it'll be the only one people here. And the left's message yesterday during certification day for now certified, oh my knee, yes. Certified President Donald Trump and Vice President JD Vance certified. That was a total flex right there. Certified is that.


Now we're back to normality because the Democrats have always been about law and order. They've always been about the peaceful trans Shit about that's hilarious. You have you losers on the left have challenged every single election in this century that you've lost every single one presidential election. You've challenged every single one and you were the defund the police bureau. Now you're the party of law and Order. Listen to Kamala Harris yesterday. I'm so sick of the posturing and virtue signaling. You don't have to accept any of this. The Democrats deserve no credit for anything.


They would've challenged yesterday's election if they didn't get smoked so badly. Here's Kamala pretending they're now the party of law and order. Get them outta here. Check this out. Obviously a very important day, and it was about what should be the norm and what the American people should be able to take for granted, which is that one of the most important pillars of our democracy is that there will be a peaceful transfer of power. And today I did what I have done my entire career, which is take seriously the oath that I have taken many times to support and defend the Constitution of the United States, which included today performing my constitutional duties to ensure that the people of America, the voters of America, will have their votes counted that those votes matter and that they will determine then the outcome of an election.


You should be accepting absolutely none of this message because it is bullshit. La ladies and gentlemen, they have challenged every single election in an unethical and immoral manner that has happened in this century. The only reason they didn't challenge this one again, and this is the only thing you should be discussing on this topic. You guys on the left would've called this thing Russian collusion. If you didn't get your ass kicked as bad as you did, period. Folks, they're full of it. They need narratives out there. And the reason Facebook was valuable to them in the past is they got their story out there with it's like us in a courtroom without ever being able to cross examinee them.


The January 6th narrative to them was important. Why? Because Republicans are the party of law and order. They always have been. Republicans are the party of process. Republicans are the party of the constitution. Donald Trump said Go March peacefully and patriotically. I encourage you to just listen to the speech. We have been resolutely, resolutely, verbally, openly, passionately, anti-political violence from the start. I dedicated my entire career to witness secret service. I protected Democrats and Republicans. Don't challenge me on that. I don't like any violence. Whether it happened on January 6th or February 4th, it's the left that's been full of shit.


Here's Hakeem Jeffries just the other day claiming that they're not the party of election deniers. Oh really? Ladies and gentlemen, receipts matter. Check this out. It's Okay. There are no election deniers on our side of the aisle. Exhibit A in this courtroom proceeding, which we had Matlock around is yes, Hakeem Jeffries. That's so crazy. They have no election deniers on their side. Really? Hakeem Jeffries, you mean the same guy? Same guy. Here's a quote. The more we learn about the 2016 election, the more illegitimate it becomes.


America deserves to know whether we have a fake president in the Oval Office. He even used the hashtag Russian interference. That is so weird. It is so weird. Justin, that sounds like election denial. Kinda weird, kinda strange little. It's amazing how the left wing media where, by the way, where are the fact checkers now? This is how bad of an idea fact checking was. But where are the fact checkers now? How does this guy not get 75 pinocchios for this? There were no election deniers on your side. Do we need to run the video again? 24 straight minutes on RNC research of Democrats denying elections.


These people are full of shit folks and we deserve an opportunity to cross examinee them because we are right and the evidence are their own tweets. Here's Hakeem Jeffreys again yesterday. You see how important the January 6th insurrection narrative is to them to keep alive? They don't believe it was an insurrection. They believe it was a riot. They keep saying insurrection 'cause they're trying to distract you from their sorted history of election denial Antifa, BLM, and defund the police. That's why. Here's Hakeem Jeffries disgustingly making comparisons again to Pearl Harbor from January 6th.


This is just gross. Check this out. January 6th, 2021 is a day that will forever lived in infamy. You think he used those words by accident folks? Pearl Harbor and January 6th have absolutely nothing in common. I don't like what happened on January 6th. I wish it would've happened differently, but no one, nobody has focused more on the untold story of January 6th, the federal involvement, the bomber case rather than me. Nobody, Julie and Darren as well. But no one more maybe as much, but no more.


I got more in this coming up next. I'm gonna get to the J six case, I promise. Also big news with Mike. Bens an incredible piece of video, but I just wanna ask this question coming up next. What's an important one, ladies and gentlemen? Is the Democrat party on the verge of collapse? It's a serious question. Maybe not long term, but in short term, they're in really, really a bad place. And it's not just me saying it, it's Democrats Stand by. I'll show you what I mean.


Last break folks. I used to wake up sore from head to toe. Now for the first time in years, wake up feeling great. Why MyPillow and a good night's sleep? You'll get a standard classic MyPillow for wholesale prices only 1488. But it gets even better for a limited time. They can offer their entire classic collection at wholesale prices. Okay, queen size, my pillows for this 1888 upgrade to a king for only a dollar more body pillows for 29 88 multi-use pillows for only 9 88. You're so sure you'll be satisfied. They're offer a 10 day warranty, a 10 year warranty, excuse me, and a 60 day money back guarantee plus all orders over $75. Ship absolutely free. MyPillow offering an amazing deal on their classic MyPillow collection. So go to MyPillow dot com, click on the radio podcast square or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2 or go to MyPillow dot com and use promo code Dan to get these unbelievable offers. Once again, that's 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2 Or go to MyPillow dot com, use promo code Dan. Don't lose. Don't lose another night's of good sleep. I love their pillows. They're pretty amazing. Check 'em out.


We love MyPillow and our last sponsor day.


If you own or carry a gun for protection like I do, you have to do what I did, which is join the U-S-C-C-A. People like you and me can't risk it. You don't wanna rot in prison 'cause you use a firearm and self defense. You've seen that headlines, A good guy defends themself with a firearm. They find themselves the one in prison where the criminal's laughing at them and runs free. You don't need that in your life. Even with the new administration, the justice system's, not a friend, a gun owner, especially in liberal states. It's why I've been a member of the U-S-C-C-A for a long time. And right now the U-S-C-C-A is giving away a free concealed carry and family defense guide and a chance to win $1,200 to buy a firearm or any gear you need to protect your family all a hundred percent free. How do you get it? Go to this website, uscca.com/dan. You're gonna learn how to def detect attackers before they see you. Equipment and training basics and how to responsibly own and store a gun and a whole lot more. It's a 58 page guide loaded with incredible information. Go to uscca.com/dan, you'll get instant access and score a chance to win $1,200 to buy the gear you need. Go to uscca.com/dan, do it today, check 'em out.


Okay, back to the show. This is an really interesting segment from Fox. This is a Democrat state senator saying what a lot of Democrats are talking about behind the scenes from some very good sources of mine. They are very concerned that the demographic destiny they thought was working in their favor for a lasting Democrat majority is actually turning against them. They are afraid that Hispanic voters, black voters, union voters, working class Americans, even a bunch of college educated males and sometimes females are moving in a direction away from the Democrat parties. They get more radical and that if the math didn't work in this election against what they cons, what they considered a beatable candidate, Donald Trump, I don't consider they did that.


It may never work. Ever listen to this. I believe that in history we are seeing a major inflection point. The complete collapsing of the Democratic party. This party refuses to recognize that it has lost its way. It's a chapter, it's, You know, gone with the wind and basically we are seeing the end of this. Whether a new party emerges that will wait to be seen. Well that's not good. Politico with this headline, new research shows the massive hole that the dims are in. Even voters who previously backed Democrats cast the party as weak and overly focused on diversity and elites.


Folks, they can't change. They can't change. They may when it gets bad enough, but clearly it's not. I just showed you the Axios headline about Dana White meta a plates, three white men. This skin color has nothing to do at all with why they were appointed to Meta's book. They could have covered as a news organization. Instead, they covered as a DEI class. They can't stop because why? Let's rewind to the beginning of the show because they're emotional when they should be focused on problems. Don't make that mistake. That is how you get your ass kicked in politics, transactional spreadsheets.


You're a plus one or a minus one. That can change on any day. You get a congressman you hate today. Don't get emotional about it. Don't, I had a laugh. I, I'll throw an example out there in Casey again, do you think I'm full of shit? Someone tweeted the other day, Tom Massey disappointed me. A definite minus one. What he's trying to do with his speaker's race or was, I have no idea. I've invited Tom Massey in the show a thousand times. I've spoken positively about him when he is done a plus one. He's a huge minus one lately. But Tom Massey's been good on the January 6th bomber case. I'm not emotional about it. Someone said, oh my gosh, why does Bonino defend this guy? I defend nothing.


I defend outcomes. I defend no man up there. I defend the outcome. I need an outcome. I need the identity of this January 6th bomber to become public. So You know what? I know it's a freaking insider and if he helps us get there, I'm not emotional about it. That is it. The Democrats cannot stop shitting in their own diaper, but we have our own problem too. We've got people who again, are focused on the emotions too on our side.


Here's a Breitbart article about Sununu, the governor of New Hampshire. You know, soon to, You know, former governor, he doesn't like Trump at all. Here he is still going in an interview. Trump Has Definitely Not Changed the Republican Party. This is on our side. This is a guy who's stuck with the emotions. What are the emo Explain to me in the chat what's going on here? He doesn't like Trump emotional, so he can't see the problem that the Republicans have lost black, Hispanic and union voters for years. That's the problem. Trump fixed the problem. He's not focused on that. He's focused on the emotions. I don't like Trump. He has Definitely Not Changed the Republican Party. We have our own knuckleheads.


Don't do it man. We will reform this system. We will reform it because we're not insulated for media scrutiny when we do dumb shit. You've got conservative podcasts like this calling out our own side. Are we not put up the Breitbart headline again? Is Sununu from New Hampshire a Republican or a Democrat? He's a Republican. You notice how we call out our own people? I just did a thing on Massey. Good part, bad part. The Democrats don't do this. They are totally insulated from the truth. It's why they will never change here. You wanna see it live. They live in a fantasy land.


They never challenge their own stupidity. Listen to this segment. This is a good one. It's a CBS segment on Biden's obvious cognitive disorder that anyone with a functioning medulla oblongata saw anyone. But the lesser, no biden's fine, biden's the best he's ever been a fantasy. Yet there are people who still believe it. This lady calls that out on the CBS segment, but that's not the important part. I want you to listen to the end of this where Bob Costa, who I I know who used to not be crazy, is still going to the mat with this. Well, You know, Biden said he was sick during the debate, kind of like insinuating, You know, maybe he's not as crazy.


This is nuts. Check this out. One the Things we also do in the year end correspondence round table is dig into what was undercover or under reported Jan Undercover under reported. That would be to me Joe Biden's. Obvious cognitive dec decline that became undeniable in the televised debate At the presidential debate was Donald Trump Un unquestioned. And You know, it's starting to emerge now that his advisors kind of managed his limitations been reported in the Wall Street Journal for four years and yet he insisted that he could still run for president. We should have much more forcefully questioned whether he was fit for office for another four years, which could have led to a primary for the Democrats.


It could have changed the, the, the scope of the entire election. Yet still incredibly, we read the Washington Post that his advisors are saying that he regrets that he dropped outta the race. You know, that he thinks he could have beaten Trump. And I think that is either delusional or they're gaslighting. President Biden has said repeatedly, he was sick during the debate June 27th in Atlanta and he's always been fine and he leaves fine. That is his position, the position of many of his top aides as well. Even though there is that reporting, Robert Costa, Do you believe this guy at the end, the evidence is right in front of your face that Biden stole a car. He's in the car, he has no paperwork for it.


The owner of the car saw Biden steal it. He got pulled over. The cops have him. He basically sits there in the car and is being interviewed on video. Costa's like, well, he may not have stole the car. Why? Because he said he didn't steal it. You're a freaking journalist, bro. He said he was sick. Has he been sick for four years? Have you watched him stumbling around, forgetting the name of his Secretary of defense? What does he call him? Gee, the black guy. The black guy guy over there. That guy over there. He calls his Secretary of Health and Human Services. Javier Baia.


He doesn't even know the names of people he is giving awards to. He forgets where he is and oh, he basically said he was sick. So that's good enough for you. Did you miss this one? You got that thing with him calling up. Here he is losing his mind. Well, again, when someone asks him a question about being too old, what does he do? He goes back to what he always does, screaming and yelling like a lunatic with frontal lobe dementia. Bob Costa, did you miss this? Check this out. By Being the oldest president, I know more world leaders than any one of you ever met in your whole goddamn life. This guy folks has an anger issue based in some form of a psychopathological disease.


Frontal lobe dementia, is it Alzheimer's? I don't know. I don't think it's Alzheimer's. I think it's more of a frontal lobe dementia type case from what friends of mine have told me. I mean, we're not as doctor. It was obvious. This is why you will always be better than the other side and why the fact checkers and that awful Facebook program insulated them from the truth. You realize during Covid, we were the ones trying to protect the left against themselves. We said to them, wear a mask or don't. It's your business. I'm just telling you it's not gonna protect you. You went out thinking you were safe. We didn't.


We took precautions. Imagine wearing a condom that never, ever works and the left telling you, Hey man, go out and use it. And every woman you get you give a disease to or you get the, you get them pregnant. You shoulda listened to us. We told you that brand don't work and you didn't listen. We tried. You were too stupid. By the way, here's a great response. This is short, but here's Trump on Biden's claims that he, he would've beat him if he stayed in the race, which is freaking hilarious. Check this out. Hey look, I wish him well. He had a chance to do it in the debate and that didn't work out too well for him. That was, I guess, the reason that really led to his downfall.


You know what, Trump Has been remarkably gracious to. Joe Biden, who continues to screw up the country and destroy the transition efforts by doing things like pulling medical healthcare bankruptcies from credit reporting, which by the way is gonna make credit more expensive for you. Eliminating offshore drilling, which is gonna basically hike oil price Biden's basically screwing up the entire country in the last two weeks and the stuff is not gonna be easy to overturn. Alright, I wanna get to the most important story today. Forgive me for leaving it to the end, but I wanna make sure I give it its due folks. The January 6th pipe bomber story, which has now exploded because now as predicted, the FBI once Joe Biden lost and they knew they weren't protected anymore by their Democrat benefactors.


'cause the FBI is now an exclusively political organization. We're gonna change that with Cash Patel, but it is the FBI has predicted is now releasing information, claiming its new video of the bomber who planted the bomb at the DNC on January 6th. How its new video that was recorded four years ago, literally four years ago, is a mystery to all of us because it's made up. It's not new. They've had it the entire time, but the video appears manipulated, appears dramatically manipulated, and I'm going to tell you why. So we put the bottom line up front because it is the biggest political scandal the FBI is ever gonna deal with, including collusion and spygate.


The FBII am absolutely convinced, knows the identity of the person who planted that bomb. I've told you this many times. The person who planted that bomb was definitely an insider. It was not an anti-Trump person. It was someone planting a bomb to create a narrative that crazy MAGA people are trying to assassinate Kamala Harris because the bomb was planted at the DNC where she conveniently was, she wasn't at the capitol on January 6th entire day. No one's been able to explain that. So the FBI released new video, must have taken him a while to doctor this, and the frame rate seems manipulated. Now, I don't wanna get overly technical.


We're gonna play this video. This is from the great Mike Bens. He's at Mike Bens cyber and you need to follow this thing. You'll notice that the glasses the guy had on that, it appears, if you look at this thing through various lenses, the video, and if you're listening on Apple and Spotify, please watch this on Rumble, it appears that they manipulated the eyes with a horizontal blur bar so that biometrics and AI type features would not be able to identify this guy. You notice you can't see the eyes or the glasses. They also appeared to manipulate the frame. Rate the frame. So how do I, it's pretty easy to explain.


If you play a video at a normal frame rate, it may be certain amount of frames per second, right? Where the human eye processes in its continuous motion, when you start to see choppy motion in those old multiplex cameras, You know the guy moves like this, like a robot. If you're listening on Apple and Spotify, it's because the frame rate is so slow that it's only catching intermediate motion. It appears the FBI deliberately slowed the frame rate down. Now, why would they do that? It appears they did that. And if you watch Ben's video, which we're playing here, you'll see that it makes it easier because if you have 10 frames per second rather than a thousand and you're gonna edit out the eyes in the video, then ladies and gentlemen, you only have to edit out 10 frames and not a thousand folks.


They know who this person is. They just don't want you to know who this person is. I am absolutely certain this is the biggest political scandal of our time and that the FBI has been hiding a massive fake assassination plot to shut down the questioning of the 2020 election. They know it's gonna come out, the second cash gets sworn in and they're trying to get ahead of it now, but they're releasing information slowly because the second they put the unedited video out, You know the ex twittersphere and all the conservative investigators out there are gonna go to town are gonna find this person.


I wanna just, I want you to remember everything they did to hide from you. What happened that day? And these are all facts. The January 6th committee that was supposed to investigate this and this assassination attempt, the January 6th committee doesn't even mention the pipe bomb attack in their report. It is only mentioned in the appendix. How do I back myself up with that? Open the report yourself and look for it. You will see it nowhere. That's strange, right? Adam Kinzinger, Benny Thompson, Liz Cheney, they hate Donald Trump. Why wouldn't you bring up in your report an assassination attempt on his opponent?


Kamala Harris, or at least in that race was the vice presidential opponent. Why wouldn't you mention that? That's not in there anywhere? And when Tom Massey questioned Benny Thompson about it, Benny Thompson freaked out. Oh, you look into it. We didn't look into it. Really? You didn't. The Secret Service texts that day when they evacuated Kamala Harris 'cause a bomb was found of all disappeared. The Secret Service to this day claims. Oh, they disappeared 'cause we were doing a technology transfer and we magically lost them. I'm telling you from a source that stories total bullshit, that the devices were not taken on January 6th.


They were taken months later and the new devices had all that information wiped out. Somebody's hiding from you, secret Service communications about that day, and I'm telling you what they are. It's someone in the government telling the secret service to stand down and not investigate this because they knew it was an insider. What else happened that day? The frame rate and the video, the frame rate we already discussed has been manipulated and there's camera footage from that day that's mysteriously missing. Cameras that were focused where the bomb was planted were mysteriously moved away.


Why? It's almost like someone knew a bomb was gonna be planted there and they told someone in an ops center, maybe the jock or elsewhere, Hey, move those cameras away. We can't have this on video. You think I'm done? No, I'm not. The phone records of the bomber who is on the phone, on the bench, everybody knows that specific triangulated signal. They have the number, they have it. They know who it is. The FBI told the public that the phone records were corrupted and that they couldn't decipher them. However, after the Donald Trump election win, the phone company came back and said, eh, it's not exactly true.


The phone records aren't corrupted. They know. Here's one last thing and there's more. By the way, there's a lot more. Kamala Harris has been covering up what she's been doing, what she was doing at the DNC that day. She never talks about it. If she mentions it, she mentions it in passing and she alludes to the fact she was at the Capitol when she wasn't. Why not just say, oh my gosh, I was almost assassinated by MAGA terrace at the DNCI was just on some phone calls. Why not? She covers it up because she doesn't want you asking questions about who did it. Folks, Mike Bens may have come across something incredible.


This video is one of the most amazing things you're gonna see if that blurring of the eyeballs is intentional and the FBI thought we'd be so stupid that we wouldn't find it, and if that was intentional, that's obstruction of an investigation. Destruction of evidence. People belong in jail. Jail. We're done with administrative fines, folks. Cash is gonna be in charge soon. Cash is a totally different animal. We've known cash a long time. He's a no bullshit guy. I want him to get to the bottom of this. We need cash in there now more than ever. He did an interview with Glenn Beck a little bit ago. This is the guy coming in to lead the FBI talking about another scandal too.


That sums up this whole show about Facebook, the intelligence community fact checkers, all hiding J six narratives, covid, all this stuff. Cash knows that that's the problem. Here he is talking about the CIA Gina Hasell and the role in a massive covid coverup when it comes to the origins of Covid, another enormous scandal. Check this out. So I already told you what we did when we briefed Trump on the originations and what he did based on the intel we had at the time. Then enter Fauci in the media. No, no, no. The Chinese would never do this. It's not about No, no, it didn't come from that. Then the wet bat thing came out and some other goofy whatever, right?


Okay. What did we just learn six weeks ago? Gina Hasell as director of the CIA under Trump authorized six case officers and intelligence analysts to be paid off so that they would change their assessment on covid originations. Correct? That's not a Cash Patel thing. That's CIA. That's a CIA. Yeah. Institutional decision to spend taxpayer dollars to lie to the world where Covid came from because it fit the narrative that Fauci and the media wanted out there along with Gina Hasell. 'cause she didn't want Donald Trump to get the credit for reading the intel right and making the hard right decision.


You see why so many people are afraid of cash. It's not just the pipe bomber, it's not just COVI. It's not just the targeting of pro-lifers and moms for liberty by the FBI. Cash was a figure involved in both the legal side, the intel side, and the DOD side and the Trump administration. He understands it all. The CIA and our own government, if you dared speak out that covid may have been some bio weapon from China. You were censored despite the fact that you were likely correct and our own CIA had a role in targeting you folks.


The misinformation and disinformation has been coming exclusively from the left. By the way, thank you to my man Trash Discourse, who I love on Extra. Sent me a nice dm. I check him sometimes. He said, banger show today. Thank you. Love your account. Awesome. Appreciate that. Misinformation is the exclusive domain right now of the left. You're on the right and you say something dumb and full of shit. We're gonna call you out too. The left never does that. I wanna end with this one. This is glorious. This Scott Jennings has been tearing it up on CNN. He's been, he's been doing a great job over there. Don't know him, never met him, but good for him. He's a plus one for me. I don't get emotion about anything. Here he is on CNN.


This is what the liberals and why they believe dumb shit. Here's a dumb ass liberal talking head on CNN sitting there talking about how the Trump tax cuts were only for the rich, despite the fact that she could just look it up and see that that's a made up fabricated story. Watch Jennings just wreck this woman. Check this out. The Trump tax cuts. Obviously Democrats are going to fight that tooth and nail. It's not just something that exploded the debt. It's also something that is really symbolic for Democrats of giving all the benefits to extremely wealthy people while the rest of us suffer or don't get anything. Jessica, if I may just one. Yeah, go. Community note. Go ahead. Note for the record, the Trump tax cuts cut taxes for virtually everyone who pays taxes.


It wasn't just a tax cut for wealthy, everyone who pays taxes got a tax cut. Extending these tax cuts would be tax cuts for everyone who pays taxes. And so this was like a, a, a one of the biggest lies told about the bill when it passed in the first place be. But there's, but there is verified absolute verified reporting from numerous reputable news sources that virtually everyone who pays taxes got a tax cut. That's what Republicans stand for. Go ahead, Christy, did you wanna jump in there? The wealthy yacht, by far the biggest share of that, Scott, as You know. No, everybody. Everybody who pays taxes got a tax cut. Of course Jessica's lying and she's a moron or a liar, but she could be both. And Jessica in that segment could have just, what's with Jessica's by the way?


Is this the like sub queen of the Karen's, You know, with the other Jessica? Like she could have just looked it up, which I did. Took me all of about 27.2 seconds, maybe less. Here's Investipedia, which is not a political site. What is the Trump tax cuts? Well, the top rate fell from 39.6 through 37, so they got a 2.6% tax cut. The rich, the rich folks, the 33% bracket dropped to 32. They're pretty rich. They got a 1% cut, the 28% bracket still doing okay, but upper middle class, it's many of us. 28 fell a 24 4% cut. Here's the middle class cuts, 25 to 22 3%.


The 15% bracket, the 12 3%, the lowest bracket remained at 10 and the 35% group was unchanged. Some of you just look at the numbers by far the biggest tax cuts went to the middle class. Now she could have just looked that up, but because they're absolutely resolutely committed to bullshit all the time, they live in a stupid bubble and that's why they lost the election. Some of these smallest tax cuts actually went to the wealthiest. The biggest ones went to that chunk of middle class voters, the Queen of the carrier. What is with the Jessica's? I love Jessica by the way.


It's one of my favorite names. My favorite cousin's name is Jessica. Love Jessica. Not the wrong with that. Just saying my name's Dan. Whenever you look up the name of people, people hate Dan's usually number one. So I sympathize. I totally get it, but I'm sorry. Queen of the Karens Tarof has some competition with another. Jessica, what is Joe today? Ladies and gentlemen, please support Rumble. Big things coming. $775 million investment from Tether. We're moving into crypto market, the ad market, the video market, the server market. Huge things folks. We're all about you we're the customer. The app, download the Rumble app, Rumble dot com slash bonino as we can find my exclusive video content. It is free. Watch at video on demand anytime. Join us for the live stream at 11:00 AM please download the Rumble app and follow my account.


It is free. Click that follow button. Give us a follow on Apple and Spotify as well. We really appreciate it. See you on the radio show here on Rumble in a little bit and back here. Live tomorrow at 11:00 AM See you then. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.