
Welcome to VINCE. Hey, The Left pro illegal alien. Craziness continues. They would like to set murderers free. Who's going on in Newark, New Jersey. More lawmakers need to be arrested. By the way, we've gotta send a clear message to these idiots that this kinda lawlessness just can't be abided. I'll be talking, coming up with Trisha McLaughlin. She is a spokeswoman for the Department of Homeland Security, and I'm gonna ask her straight up, will there be more arrests of these Democrats? Stay tuned for that. Also, speaking of Democrats and migration into the United States, did you see that there is one group of foreign nationals that absolutely can't come into the United States?


White people? Yep. It's as simple as that. All ahead on VINCE, we'll talk about the details today. Crazy day, as always, great to have you with us. Gotta thank the sponsors.


Today, this July, there's a global summit of Bricks, nations going on in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The block of emerging superpowers includes China, Russia, India, Iran. They're all meeting with a goal of displacing the US dollar as the global currency. They're calling this the Rio Reset. Now, as Bris nations push forward with these plans, global demand for US dollars could actually decrease, and that would bring down the value of the dollars in your savings while this transition won't happen overnight. The so-called Rio Reset in July marks a pivotal moment when brick's objectives could move decisively from theoretical possibility toward reality. Learn of diversifying your savings into gold is right for you. Birch Gold Group can help you move your hard-earned savings into tax sheltered IRA and precious metals. Claim your free info kit on gold by texting my name VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8 with an A plus rating with the Better Business Bureau and tens of thousands of happy customers. Let Birch Gold arm you with free, no obligation info kit on owning gold before July and the Rio Reset. Text VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Today. Data and message rates, they do apply.


Yep, yep. The Left. Once again, exposing themselves for the cruel biggets that they are. It's really, really disgraceful what's going on. Hey, thanks to everybody who watched the Ed Martin interview yesterday, the Interim US attorney for Washington dc. Got a lot of really good reviews on the Ed Martin interview. People liked hearing from Ed and if, if what I'm hearing serves correctly, you wanna hear more from him? Do you wanna hear more from Ed Martin? Would you like regular updates from the director of the Weaponization task Force at the Justice Department? Yes or no? Are you into that? Are you into that? Because if you're into that, then I'm into that and we'll keep doing it. I think that'd be great.


I, I think it'd be nice to have Ed Martin show up with some more frequency. Yes, please. More Ed Martin? Yes. On Ed, yes. More Ed? Yes, yes, yes, yes. Okay, Mr. Ed, we'll come back. Ed Martin a great conversation with him. He did post about our conversation. He posted it on social media. Yeah, look at that. The chat's going wild for Ed. I loved Ed yesterday. Ed Martin himself, all of a sudden has become very active on X or if anybody's been following his US attorney account. But he did post yesterday, late in the evening. My phone was blowing up. It was just Ed Martin retweets over and over and over. Thanks for having me on, VINCE, in my new role as the weaponization C are, and the DOJ pardon attorney, I intend to expose the bad actors and bring healing to their victims, which is great bad actors exposing bad actors and bringing healing to their victims.


That would be really nice, wouldn't it? And bringing healing means bringing consequences. So for those of you who are like me, it is, it's one thing to get these kinds of verbal updates, which is what we want. We want transparency. This is what Ed is promising. I'm gonna be the transparency guy, bring all of this out. But we need consequences. We need prosecutions. And I am praying, I'm praying, and I'm urging, and I'm browbeat to the extent that that's necessary, our government into making sure that that actually happens. So I, you and I are on the same team on this. We want consequences. We want the FO portion of FAFO, ed Martin there to deliver. Also, neat to hear him talk about working with Dan Bonino as they're going after the January 6th pipe bomber case.


Have you noticed how quiet Dan has had to be? Dan is kind of offering some of these sort of general encouragement that they're working on things, but he keeps saying, look, you're just only gonna trust the action here. I can tell you until I'm blue in the face about what we're doing, I can try and give you words of encouragement. But you know what? You either trust me or you don't. We're gonna show you with action. So I believe these guys, I'm here to tell you, I believe these guys. Yeah, there you go. Worm nerds says, I'm with you, VINCE, enough talk. We wanna see you rest. Me too. Me too. Because We got, we have a situation here where these Democrats are breaking the law and have gone for many years in this hierarchy system where they don't face consequences. It's not hypocrisy as You know, it's hierarchy.


They're just in a different cast. They get to do things that the rest of us don't. At least that's been the way it's been going on in the country. But now what you're seeing is multiple judges have been placed under arrest for violating immigration law, for aiding and abetting illegal aliens, trafficking them in the United States. We're watching as elected officials like the Mayor of Newark, New Jersey, was just arrested for blockading federal law enforcement, trespassing on federal property. And possibly, and this is what I asked Trisha McLaughlin coming up from DHS, possibly a couple of these Democrat members of Congress. 'cause I don't know, you saw the video, right? You watched it yesterday. I played it here on the program. I watched it. And I'm sitting, sitting there going, they're assaulting this federal law enforcement.


They're shoving these guys around. They're hitting them. They're striking them. And yeah, these guys are tough. And, and some weak chick is hitting them. And You know, under, in, under normal circumstances, If you have some lady whacking on you, you're just like, okay, all right, enough lady. And you just shove 'em off and you go about your day. You try not to escalate too much. But there's no question, if this was a conservative woman striking a federal law enforcement official in on January 6th, shoving a cop, You know what happens to that lady? She gets thrown in jail for years. She gets the book thrown at her. So there's no reason that these Democrats should be above the law. How many of these lectures have we gotten from them about nobody is above the law. Nobody is above the law. Alright. Damn straight. You are not above the law either.


Then that's the, that's the standard here. And it should be. So put some cuffs on these guys. I'll ask Tricia McLaughlin about this coming up. What's going on with these democrats? 'cause they did, they struck those, those federal officers. Now the chaos outside of that Newark Detention Center continued. It did continue yesterday as you got a bunch of these crazy people, these like fake religious leaders, they have to be fake. This can't be real. There's priestesses and all sorts of people dressed up in ridiculous clothing, locking arms and blocking immigration enforcement blocking this detention center in Newark. Take a look here. We'll start with, with cut one.


Here's the left's pro, illegal alien insurrection. Hey, hey, which side are you on my people? Which side? They're singing these songs. Look At this, where they get those outfits of spirit Halloween. Where'd that come from? There was a priestess and they're blocking traffic. Look At that snowflake that get shoved.


Oh no, that was not hard. Shove, get outta the way Psycho. They were doing all sorts of, they're blocking ambulances from getting in and out of these buildings, which of course, if an ambulance needs to get in and out of a building, usually it's because somebody is in distress. So these people are not advocating for the, the people in need. They're just doing this narcissistic act of nonsense standing out there acting as if I, I love in, in their minds, they play act like they're stopping the Nazis or something, that this is the moment they're stopping Hitler. And meanwhile, what they're advocating for, as You know, inside of that detention center, the overwhelming majority of the people who are being held there in Newark are convicted criminals, convicted of things like murder and rape.


And they're now being deported from the United States of America. This is just a stop along the way. And so you get a bunch of lefty hippies standing out there going, release these guys. Release them. I love them. In fact, speaking of the goofiness of this love expression, check out this woman, it is a, it apparently a busload of illegal aliens. And she is holding up a sign for them, telling them how much she loves them, how much she loves them. This is how preposterous things are getting, take a look at at this. Here we go.


She's blowing kisses. What is she doing? I think She has a signup that says Love with a heart on it. And they're still blocking the fence. They're blocking federal law enforcement. So this is a crazy woman who's, who's out there raising up a little sign that she got at Home Goods or whatever, And it says Love on it. And she's holding it up to the window. I love you. I love you. You know what? It's probably better that those doors stay locked for your sake.


It's pretty, it's probably better that these guys aren't getting outta that van murderers and rapists. I love you. She's expressing this is crazy. How much Whoopi Goldberg do you need to consume to come to that conclusion? How much M-S-N-B-C do you need to watch? How much You know, soothing from Rachel Maddow? Do you need to receive before you walk out there and you're like, oh yeah, I'm on the side of the murderers. Psychotic, what were happening? Psychotic. And then of course, all the fake priestesses and like the people dressed up like they're bishops or whatever, standing out there acting like they're doing something decent, when of course they're advancing something really bad for the country. Really bad. You want, you want peace, you want safety, you want prosperity, you want a, a good wholesome country.


Eject the people who are violating our laws and hurting Americans. Really straightforward. Not, not that long ago that was common sense until The Left, got ahold of everything. Here's more cut to here's these fake religious leaders blocking immigration enforcement. Take a look here We pause for a second. Can you pause? Can you show, can leave that screen up? I dunno if it's possible to leave the screen up. Look, look what's going on. So this is like your standard issue, lgbtqia plus left wing, incoherent nonsense.


I wouldn't be surprised if there's a Ukrainian flag in there somewhere. But look, you, the one lady right here in the dead center is wearing a rainbow flag stole over her shoulders, which of course, as You know, I can tell you instantly has nothing to do with God's promise not to flood the earth. Again, in the Old Testament and everything to do with this idea that gender is a social construct, that flag doesn't represent godliness. It represents the idea that we are God, that we can reinvent gender in all of the rules about our humanity on a moment's notice, on a whim. And, and so what that represents, and again, I'm making a lot of snap judgements here, and for good reason, because I, I know with confidence, I'm right about this lady that what she represents is not a religious perspective, but an anti-religious perspective.


And it, it is, it is really grotesque to see these people dressed up as if their advancing the spiritual wellbeing of anybody, when in fact what they're doing is adding a lot of chaos to the country, which, You know, and outta that chaos comes a lot more evil, which is, which is the opposite of what we want. So it's, it's crazy. It's, it's really crazy to see this. Yeah, it's godlessness. That's exactly right. Little, little Lady Joe, thank you. It represents Godlessness. And, and there it is on display. Really, really disgraceful stuff. So that, that's what The Left is doing for illegal aliens who hurt Americans in our country right now.


But additionally, we have a, we have a new thing developing as we speak. And it's that the president of the United States, president Trump has decided to open up refugee status to africaners, to white South Africans who are under threat from the regime they live under. And they're under sincere threat in South Africa. In South Africa. They have been going after white farmers for some time. We got a lot of developments on that this year alone. For, for instance, earlier this year, the, the government passed a law and that was signed by the South African president saying that yes, that land can be seized.


Take a look at this. I've got this BBC report up on my screen. South African president signs controversial land seizure law, controversial. Why is it controversial that land can be seized? South African President, surreal OSA, has signed into law a bill allowing land seizures by the state without compensation, a move that has put him at odds with some members of his government. Black people only own a small fraction of farmland nationwide. More than th 30 years after the end of the racist system of apartheid, the majority remains with the white minority. This has led to frustration and anger over the slow pacer of reform. So in other words, just take the land from private property owners, just seize it.


That's the government law. And it's consistent, by the way, with all of the behavior of, of what's going on in South Africa. Do You know that the South African constitution outright endorses racial prejudice? It does. South Africa has an Orwellian constitution. An Orwellian constitution. Diana Shaw wrote about this for the Hoover Institution a while ago. And she writes in her piece, there is one final feature of the South African constitution, which may have prompted Justice Ginsburg to sound the VLA trumpets on its behalf. It contains a startling reinterpretation of the meaning of equality after beginning Section nine by declaring that everyone is equal before the law.


Everyone is equal before the law. It claims a qualification is introduced, quote, to promote the achievement of equality. Legislative and other measures designed to protect or advance persons or categories of persons. Disadvantaged by unfair discrimination may be taken. In other words, it is permissible to reverse the direction of discrimination. The law and the courts can favor the previously disfavor in the name of ultimate equality. Now, this was written in 2012. This piece, this is before the popularization of the phrase equity was going crazy. And this gets back to kind of that Abram Kendi School of thought here in the United States, which is the answer to past discrimination is present discrimination.


That's the plan. In other words, racial discrimination is the answer to racial discrimination. Not good. This always ends in chaos. And so the, the Constitution of South Africa, the constitution of South Africa endorses racial segregation. That's happening now, what else is happening in South Africa? Well, over time we've seen thousands of farm murders. Farm murders, that is people who own and work on farms are being killed. And as you just heard, in that land seizure law article that I was citing, the overwhelming majority of farm owners in South Africa are white.


And in fact, there is a, a, an insatiable effort to displace these owners of these farm owners. And that includes from a political leader in South Africa by the name of Julius Malema. Julius Malema, he's the party leader of the EFF, which is the economic freedom fighters, economic freedom fighters. And he does these rallies where he gets out with thousands of voters and he says, shoot, to kill, kill the boar. The farmer take a listen. This is again, this is a communist party. This is the fourth biggest party in South Africa in a parliamentary system.


He's a member of parliament and he is one. And he's the leader of this communist party in South Africa. Shoot, To kill the, the farmer. The farmer Kill the boar. The boar is another word for Africans, which are descendants of people. Of, of the Dutch, which have been African's. People generationally have been there for over 400 years in South Africa. And what you have at being advocated here is their death.


What you have here being advocated is their death. And some people have taken Julius Malema very seriously to the point that they've not only killed white farmers, but they've mutilated their bodies as a sign to others of the consequences that await them. So there is a real problem going on in South Africa, no question about it whatsoever. So earlier this year, president Trump said that farmers would be eligible to be refugees in the United States. These South African farmers, given the threat to them. Now here is President Trump explaining why he's granting asylum to South African farmers. Take a look. Here it is cut for the President of the United States Because they're being killed and we don't wanna see people be killed.


Now South Africa leadership is coming to see me. I understand sometime next week and You know, we're supposed to have a, I guess a G 20 meeting there or something. But we're having a G 20 meeting. I don't know how we can go unless that situation's taken care of, but it's a genocide that's taken place that you, people don't wanna write about. But it's a terrible thing that's taken place. And farmers are being killed. They happen to be white, but whether they're white, white or black makes no difference to me. But white farmers are being brutally killed and their land is being confiscated in South Africa and the newspapers and the media, television, media doesn't even talk about it.


If it were the other way around, they'd talk about it. That would be the only story they'd talk about. And I don't care who they are. I don't care about their race, their color. I don't care about their height, their weight. I don't care about anything. I just know that what's happening is terrible. I have people that live in South Africa, they say it's a terrible situation taking place. So we've essentially extended citizenship to those people to escape from that violence. And come here. This brings us to the images that We got yesterday arriving at the Dulles Airport. This is in Virginia, just outside of Washington. DC We get these images of these white South African refugees arriving in the United States, waving American flags.


Take a look at cut three here from Dulles International. There's, now you see, of course, the wa the American flags adorned on everybody. Everyone's holding these American flags, waving them, small children. A lot of smiles on faces. People grateful to be here in the United States, posing for this photos. These photos as they come off the plane, arrive in the United States of America. That's what happened to Dulles yesterday. Now this is a perfectly nice looking image. Everyone seems happy. It's nice to see American flags being waved. Not other foreign flags being waved, which unfortunately The Left often celebrates when You know foreign nationals come to the United States and wave flags. You see in the foreground of this image, there's obviously a woman who's must be describing to them next steps now that they're here.


This is, that's a non-controversial image, or at least you would think that that's a non-controversial image. In a moment, I'm gonna share with you the, the way The Left is reacting to those images. Again, very sweet. Nothing even that interesting going on other than President Trump has ex extended refugee ability to them. And here they are. Hold on though. Wait until you see what The Left is revealing about itself right now in just a moment.


First, I've gotta thank our sponsors and and extend my appreciation to them for keeping this program going. Delete me. Makes it easy, quick, and safe to remove your personal data online at a time when surveillance and data breaches are common enough to make everybody vulnerable. It's easier than ever to find personal information about people online, having your address, phone number and family members names hanging out on the internet that can have actual consequences in the real world. And it makes everybody vulnerable with delete me. You can protect your personal privacy or the privacy of your business from doxing attacks before sensitive information can be exploited. Delete me. Get control of your online data. Seize control of your own life. There's too many companies trying to take advantage of you. Don't let them anymore take control of your data. Keep your private life private by signing up for Delete Me Now at a very special discount for listeners and viewers of this program today. You'll get 20% off your Delete Me plan by texting VINCE 20 to 64,000. That's the only way to get 20% off, is to text VINCE 20 to 6 4 0 0 0. That's VINCE 20 to 64,000 message and data rates may apply. Yes indeed. Thank you. Delete me.


Okay, we've got, we've got The Left going crazy about this. I've got a lot of examples of this. They're, they're, they're having a conniption fit. All of a sudden there's a certain category of refugee that's totally unacceptable to be welcomed into the United States of America. Let me give you just a, a sample of this. I'm not gonna play the full thing 'cause it goes on forever, but it's already being described as a five minute struggle session on M-S-N-B-C. Take a look. Here's cut five MSNBC's freak out over a couple dozen people from South Africa. Coming to America Has virtually halted refugee admission in America for people fleeing war and famine in places like Sudan and the Democratic Republic of Congo back with Rick Mark and Eddie Rick Stengel.


Yes. It's so deeply and morally wrongheaded and repulsive. These are the descendants of the people who created the most diabolical system of white supremacy in, in human history. Apartheid. They're not directly responsible for it, but it was a system that actually moved, but they Punished Black people off of the ar arable land. So they inherited the land that the black people had to give up. It was called, called forced removal. So they had it coming called a ban to stand policy. Had it coming. They had moved black people out of the cities and farmlands into these remote areas of, with non arable land. I mean, it was just one of the most worst processes ever.


But what has happened? So this goes on, you Can stop. I don't need it anymore. This basically, this just keeps going and going and going where they, they say, look, You know, whatever violence is being afflicted on these guys, whatever deaths are even happening. And by the way, they're not even happening. There's a lot of denialism going on. Here's just pretending like this isn't going on at all. You know, it's not happening. And if it is, they deserve it. That's the M-S-N-B-C take on all of this in the last 24 hours. And You know, they're just going on and on about it. And they're not alone. It was also happening on CNN where they're going crazy. This is Ashley Allison, take a look at this. I'm gonna, I'm gonna show you this Where I think it is.


80% of this Is Ashley Allison and Scott Jennings. Take a look at my screen here as these guys are going on. Oh, okay. So If you think about the history of South Africa, it being an, an apartheid system where I think it is 80% of the population that are black Africans only own 4% of the land. That is because they were put in shanty town. Once again, they're offering justifications for killing the white farmers. That is what she's doing here. This is a permission structure And moved into areas where they had no rights. And so 35, 30 plus years ago, they went through a relu, the apartheid system ended and they reformed their constitution under the great leader of Nelson Mandela To bake in racial discrimination.


I just went over those details And that allowed for a racial reconciliation, one that this country has yet to do. But South she, she, like some of her colleagues in the media, some of her left wing Marxist colleagues, they hate the American constitution. They prize the South African constitution because it includes racial discrimination. Africa Did it, and they reformed their constitution. And part of that is that the people who are native to that land deserve their rightful land back. That is not what the africaners actually want to have happen. The africons have been in that country, their, their ancestors for many, many, many generations over 400 years.


And you're gonna hear her say in just a moment, they need to go back to their home country, whatever that means. By the way, here in the United States of America, black Americans and their ancestors have been here for over 400 years. You don't tell people to go back to Africa. That's insane. They're American and these South Africans are South African. And yet notice what The Left is doing with this story, Which are the white Africans and so who are not originally from Africa, who colonized South Africa also. And so that is what they are saying is discrimination. Now if the Constitution in South Africa is discriminatory, they have their checks and balances in that land just like we do.


And that is for them to, so if the africaners don't actually like the land, they can leave that country. They are, they're leaving to come here. No, they can leave. And these refugees are coming here. They can actually leave and go to where their native land is, which is probably Germany Or are you against them coming here? Holland? Probably. Holland, yes. Are you against them coming here? I'm against the hypocrisy of this administration. No, that's not the question. The question is, are you against in coming here, if if there was actually a genocide happening like there is in other places in Sudan, in the Congo? I would not, I'm not opposed. Okay, so now denialism is taking place. There's no genocide, there's nothing bad happening. It's crazy. And I mean, there's a lot going on here. One of them is that well go back to your native land notice of course with The Left, that this is, this is an invented timeframe.


Always, always. No one is indigenous to anywhere. If you go far enough back, if, if we really wanna go do this game with humanity, If you wanna set the timetable all the way back, go back to where you came from, if that, you're gonna basically say wherever our ancestors originated from, we're all from Africa, every one of us all the way back. Go back to where you came from. All right, everyone crowd in. Let's go back to the, to the cradle of civilization. The, the whole thing is so crazy. These are just sort of intellectualized euphemisms for justifying racism. That's it. That's all we're seeing playing out.


It's wild. And let me, let me finish here with a point that I wanna make sure to dwell on for a moment. She goes on, if I can fellas, we can finish this video up. She goes on to say that white South Africans can't come to the United States, but there are other people, there are other people who I'm happy to allow into the United States. Those are the illegals that Biden was importing in the first place. Take a look at this. Ready? Here we go. For Congolese and for the Sudanese to come to Africa, just like I'm not opposed to Venezuelans and South Americans coming to America. If they are fleeing and looking for asylum, what I am against, against, but just 50 people, you're against. What I'm against is not If they're fleeing or looking for asylum. Now, how did illegal aliens gain access to the United States?


Up to 20 million of them, according to the Trump administration, under Joe Biden. How did that take place? Well, the answer to that is routinely foreign nationals would show up at our border, they would cross it illegally. They would turn themselves into border patrol and they would claim that they had a credible fear in their home country deserving of refugee status here in America. A credible fear that was enough. In fact, that was what they were coached to say by the people who were trafficking them in. Now routinely what happens is people who begin that so-called asylum process then never return for any of their follow-up appointments after they've been released into the United States.


It's a game, it's a scam. Most of the illegals who were coming into our country were dispensing with their identification papers south of our border. They would have IDs that demonstrated their real names and their real countries of origin, and they would drop those papers south of the Rio Grande cross into the United States, and then claim they had a credible fear in their home country. And they couldn't return that they deserved asylum. Now, The Left not only bought that hook line and sinker, they didn't care that this was obviously lies. They just welcomed people in. And here's the reality of of refugee law in the United States. Refugee law is not some sort of open ended. Anyone can come here if they feel like they want to be in America.


I don't really wanna be in my home country, therefore I get to become a refugee. That's not the way it works. In fact, refugee law is very specific about what it takes to qualify as a refugee, what it takes at all to qualify as a refugee If you wanna live in America as a refugee. Lemme pull up this for you. Standby. Here's the the way that that U-S-C-I-S Immigration Services describes what's even allowed, okay? Under United States Law refugee is somebody who is located outside of the United States, is of special humanitarian concern to the United States.


One, two demonstrates that they were persecuted or fear persecution due to race, religion, nationality, political opinion or membership in a particular social group. In other words, protected categories. They have to not firmly re be resettled in another country already. And they have to be admissible to the United States, meaning they're not terrorists, they're not gonna break our laws. There's nothing to indicate that they shouldn't be here. They're not a public safety threat. And a refugee does not include anybody who is ordered in, cited, assisted, or otherwise participated in the persecution of any other person on account of race, religion, nationality, membership in a particular social group or political opinion.


So having read all of that to you, the qualifications for what makes somebody a refugee, these South African refugees who are coming to the United States, they line up perfectly what the types of people who would be extended refugee status to be Welcome to the United States. That is not the case with people who are pouring in from Venezuela and Guatemala and Honduras. You don't get to come to the United States just because You know you're gonna make more money here. You don't get to come because your country's not as safe as the United States is. Is you like to live in a safer country. It's not merely a matter of preference. Oh, I'd prefer to live there, therefore I can become a refugee. No, you need to demonstrate that you have a credible fear of persecution on account of your race, religion, nationality, or political opinion.


That's what actually has to happen as a predicate to making you a refugee here. And so what The Left has done with the asylum program is they've used it as a fast track for foreign nationals to pour into this country without once pausing to admit that it's a gigantic scam. But the second actually qualified refugees show up on our shores at Dulles International and they've got the wrong skin color. The Left pounces. Now what is that? If not brazen, racist bigotry more. In a moment we'll be joined by the DHS spokeswoman, Trisha McLaughlin. Lot of lot to talk about with her in terms of The left's behavior, whether or not we're gonna see some Democrats arrested.


I wanna know that. Just a moment, we'll talk about it.


More and more Americans are making their wellness and their fitness a priority. Again, studies do show that strength training does more to help burn fat than cardio alone. And as we age, it's critical to maintain muscle mass and bone density. And that's why I'm pleased, very pleased to be working with Don and the team at Jacked Up Fitness, their commercial grade, jacked up Power Rack Pro baby. It's the ultimate all in one home gym system. And it lets you get the full body workout that you need right in your own spare room or garage. It's got a cable crossover system, an integrated 200 pound weight stack, a Smith machine. It lets you do hundreds of exercises, all from the comfort of your own home. You don't have to go to the gym, you have a gym at your house. I have the Power Rack Pro. I love this thing. I'm hanging on it every day. The cool thing is, because I have such easy access to it each day I'm measuring my progress. I can see how many more pull-ups I can do. I can see how much more weight I can lift. I can feel the difference. As I'm doing these different techniques and trying to target different muscle groups, it's been a massive game changer for me. It's gonna change your life too. If you're new to strength training at all, well this is perfect for you. You can get their Get Jacked Up program. They've got a full body video workout, bunch of them led by celebrity fitness trainers, Kim Lyons and Clark Bartram. You simply press play and then you follow along. No more excuses. I'm doing this. You should do it too. Let's do it together. Go to get jacked up.com, sign up for the free program. And when you're ready to purchase your own Power Rack Pro, use the promo code VINCE and save 10% off at checkout. That's get jacked up.com promo code. VINCE? Yes indeed. Love Jacked Up Fitness.


Also love Blackout Coffee. Where's my coffee this morning? Woo. Blackout Coffee baby. You know, I don't just slap my name on anything, although my name is slapped on this cup, I slap my name on products that I truly believe in. Blackout Coffee. I truly believe in Blackout Coffee is A delicious and B patriotic. Now take your pick. It could go the other order If you like a Patriotic B Delicious, but that's why I love Blackout Coffee. The owner is John. He loves America and he built America First Coffee, blackout coffee that is, which is America First Coffee from the ground up. He refuses to compromise on quality or values. It's roasted fresh right here in the United States. No woke nonsense. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as You know, blackout Coffee has been the official coffee for everybody here at Silver Lock. So You know, it is a brand that stands for the right values and it's such a delicious way to start my day every day. Here's the deal, John is hooking you up. You can head to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE, use the code VINCE, that's VINCE. And you're gonna get 20% off your first order, whether you're like hold bean ground or even instant coffee that doesn't suck. Blackout coffee has you covered, support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE and you'll get 20% off your first order.


Alright, joining me now from the Department of Homeland Security, Tricia McLaughlin is here on VINCE. Tricia, thank you very much for joining us. Huh VINCE? Thanks for having me. Of course. Department of Homeland Security remains very busy. I've seen some good immigration numbers that is, our border is far more secure than it used to be. What's the latest on that? Absolutely. We almost have full operational control of the border that's in just about a hundred days under President Trump and secretary. No, We got about 95% border crossings down. And VINCE, what does that mean for the American people? Not only does it mean that we don't have masses of illegal immigrants trying to flow into our country, but it also means that our border patrol has more resources and they aren't stuck at these processing center processing people.


And instead they're actually able to go out, go after the bad guys, go after the drug traffickers, drug mules, human traffickers and cartels that are trying to infiltrate our country. So I understand that last month, April, that there were very few people who even attempted to get across the border, relatively speaking. And of those just a handful were actually released into the country, I think. But all of those were very unique circumstances. Do I understand that correctly? Yes. God aways have absolutely plummeted. I think that the world is just really hearing the message of President Trump and secretary, no. That you need to stay out and, and If you don't, we will find you.


We will arrest you and we will deport you. So, so illegal aliens, of course, are being rounded up all across the country and are being brought to various detention centers, including as we've seen this past weekend in Newark, New Jersey. And that's been the, the scene of a lot of Democrats who have been trying to stop the deportations of these illegals and, and also trying to stop law enforcement from doing their jobs that led to the arrest this weekend of the Newark Mayor. And I understand DHS has been contemplating whether or not Democrat members of Congress also need to be arrested for their actions this weekend. What's the latest on that, Tricia? Yeah, VINCE, just to set the scene here, we've made about 150,000 arrests since January 20th, and we need more bed space.


And fortunately we reopened Deta Detainee Detention Hall and, and that's where this scene really went down. We've seen multiple protests here, but I think the American people should know who actually is detained in this detention facility. It's MS 13 gang members, it's known terrorists, it's rapists, murders, child abusers. These are the worst of the worst that are being, being held in this detention facility. And yet there have been multiple protesters, including Friday. Really, things got out of hand as multiple members of Congress and the mayor stormed the detention facility gate and actually got to the first security checkpoint, breaking the law, but also trespassing.


So there was an arrest by the mayor. And then those members of Congress, we've also revealed body cam video of them, body ramming, body slamming, striking law enforcement officers pushing, shoving, it's really unacceptable behavior for members of Congress, but to anyone who is assaulting a law enforcement officer. So among those was a, a congresswoman in a red jacket that everyone saw, Lamonica MacGyver who was shoving, pushing striking members of federal law enforcement. As of today, to my knowledge, she hasn't been arrested for that. Is there any hesitancy on the part of DHS to arrest members of Congress specifically?


Is there, is there a political consideration here? Everything is still on the table. VINCE, I'm gonna leave it to the Department of Justice to make any announcements there. But we take the safety of our law enforcement incredibly seriously. If any civilian had attacked a law enforcement officer or stormed a detention facility, they would be facing justice. So and so the, the Democrats are still trying to block that detention center. They spent the day yesterday doing that as well. I saw a number of people dressed up as if they were some sort of faith leader or something. They had linked arms. They're singing, they're, they're telling the pe the illegals on buses that were being brought to the detention center, how much they love them.


You know, what, what, what consequences are there, if any, if, if you're blocking federal law enforcement from doing this job? VINCE, I'm not sure If you saw this either, but there was an ambulance that was trying to get into the facility because somebody was suffering a, a medical issue and, and that ambulance could not actually enter the facility to get that person the help that they need. And I would love to ask these protestors, who do you want out of this detention facility? Is it the MS 13 gang members, the child rapists, the murderers, or what heinous actor do you want out of here? Because President Trump and secretary no are trying to lock these heinous actors up who are terrorizing American communities and why do you want them out back onto American streets to hurt Americans.


And, and that Newark facility, as you've laid out a couple times, it, the majority of the people who are being held there are guilty of these types of violent crimes. No, Yeah, about fi 75% are convicted criminals. Okay. So that's who The Left is, is defending right now, I know that some time ago, secretary no had indicated that if you're here illegally in the country, you have an obligation to use the CBP Home app as it's now called to register. Say you're here and begin the process of self deporting from the United States of America. How much have you seen people do that deport themselves from the country?


It means we've actually gone even farther. Just last week we announced a new program where these illegal aliens, they're not only offered free flights to leave the country, but also a thousand dollars stipend to restart their life in their country of origin. So we are really giving these, the incentive for them to leave now and that's gonna save American taxpayers about 70% because in arrest and deportation per person, per illegal immigrant costs about $17,000 versus through this program, it would be about $4,500 per illegal alien. But the alternative for these illegal aliens, if they don't take that thousand dollars, take that free flight and self deport.


Now the alternative is they will be fined $1,000 a day, they will be found, they will be arrested, they will be deported, and they will never be allowed to the return to the United States. So we are hoping to see these self deportation numbers go up, but right now we're in about the thousands In the thousands right now. Okay. And so in the once, once the clock runs out on the generosity of the United States here, will we see, I I think You know, secretary Noam kind of indicated this to me last time I talked to her, that we are gonna see sort of increased enforcement action going on in the country. You know, that sort of the mass deportation images that, that should, should be ensuing.


What do you think we will see on our television screens coming up? A few weeks ago you saw Operation Tidal Wave out of Florida where we were deputizing state and local law enforcement to make these immigration arrests. And we're gonna continue to do that around the country. You're seeing that right now in Massachusetts and in Houston, you're gonna see that more widespread. So I think that those are just a preview of what's to come. So really the safest option, not just for our law enforcement, but also for these illegal aliens, is to leave now, take advantage of the United States taxpayer generosity and get outta here so you have the possibility to return the legal right way and ha maybe come back and live the, the American Dream.


And what about sanctuary cities? What is the, the Department of Homeland Securities relationship right now with these sanctuary cities? Are you seeing any more receptivity to being able to go in there and get illegals out? They have hamstrung ice officers. I will absolutely say that, but we're working hand in glove with the Attorney General Pam Bondy to see what repercussions can be made. We, these sanctuary cities have become a safe haven for these very vicious gangs like MS 13, like Trend UA that maim rape and kill Americans for sport child pedophiles. We're noticing that from these cities. They're just flocking there and we need a way to get them out and we need, You know, these detention facilities to actually abide by our lodging.


So once they are released, they're not going back into the American communities. We can actually deport them and get them the heck out of this country. And, and are there still people being deported to both Guantanamo Bay as well as El Salvador right now? Yeah, absolutely. Guantanamo Bay, we have a couple hundred detainees there, hardened criminals. We'll, we will continue those flights and there will be more flights to Sea Cot to that Center for Terrorism in El Salvador. Mostly those are Title eight authorities. As You know, those Alien Enemies Act has been paused for now. But the American people should know that we're not resting on our laurels. We're not depending just on the Alien Enemies Act.


We have deportation flights going every single day, and we're not gonna let activist judges and this historic number of injunctions stop us from delivering on the mandate that they gave President Trump to secure our border and secure our homeland. Lastly, one other question for you here, Tricia. I want to ask you about Fentanyl. I know that Fentanyl is at the center of the President's concerns about stopping threats to the country, certainly as it relates to both our southern and northern borders. And in his conversations with China, what, if anything, has changed about the flow of fentanyl into the United States during the first a hundred days or so of the Trump administration? We've seen the seizure of Fentanyl up 54% in our US Coast Guard has really been unleashed to really help and seize those deadly drugs before they get onto American soil.


That is a top priority for secretary, no for President Trump. And we know, I mean, all of us come from different communities that are impacted by this deadly drug ravaging communities. And we are dedicated to stopping this. A hundred thousand Americans die every single year. It is part of what this invasion of our country has done. Yeah, that's for sure. All right, Trisha McLaughlin, thank you very much. I know you're busy at the Department of Homeland Security. Thanks for spending some time with us. Thanks for having me, VINCE. I always appreciate Biden Trump administration officials, Biden, I'll get to him in a second. Trump administration officials realizing the importance of this audience, stopping by and giving us an update on what they're up to.


So we'll keep doing that. Of course, lots more of those coming up. Speaking of Biden, now that Joe Biden is well out of office and is, is no threat to Democrat power anymore. The media feel like very comfortably that they can tell you all about his inability to think or or even do the job as President of the United States. But what's what's going on here is quite a few things. So Jake Tapper has written a book alongside Alex Thompson, two of them. Jake is a CNN guy. Alex Thompson is an Axios guy. They share the byline on this new book and he's, they're now doing the media tour where they're explaining what was going on with Joe.


And this morning Jake reveals that that Biden was so bad that the White House at the urging of the White House doctor was on the verge of sticking him in a wheelchair in order to start doing events going forward that they needed to get him off of his feet and into a wheelchair. Take a look here, Jake Tapper this morning on CNN detailing the need for the wheelchair for Biden Western Lensman pulling the clip, as he often does, take a look. I'm curious about what his advisors were saying at the time as you look at this, as you reported out this book. So the White House physician, Dr. Kevin O'Connor, was telling White House aids that President Biden's deterioration of his spine.


The degeneration was so significant that if he fell one more time, Do you remember the White House doctor coming out and telling us in public that Biden was in this perilous of a place? I don't, I remember a lot of propaganda things coming out from the White House doctor. And then remember the, the, the Biden White House refused to let the doctor even go out to the press briefing. So the doctor knew at the time that this guy may be wheelchair bound imminently, That he might have to be in a wheelchair and serve in a wheelchair for his second term. But everybody pushed off the notion that he used a wheelchair until after the election. This is all part of a larger hole where the Biden, They should have put him in a wheelchair we would've never known anyway.


Right? I mean, is there any historical precedent for the press covering up the fact that the president of the United States is actually in a wheelchair, any at all? Has that ever happened? Oh, that's right. FDR that's precisely what they did. They hid the president's condition from the American people. Why wouldn't they do it again now? Oh, that's right. It's because independent media are now available. To tell you the truth, White House tried to hide the extent of his deterioration, both physical and cognitive as much as possible. In fact, as you, we all know, we all saw as his shuffling gate got worse and worse from 2003 as we saw to 2004, as We all saw, They started putting aids around him as he walked to Marine One, the helicopter.


That was to kind of hide from public view how bad his gate was. Oh, how bad his Was. Oh my gosh. As we all saw, yeah, we all saw this. Well, how come CNN wasn't talking about it relentlessly Fucking was his shuffling. And also in case he stumbled again to make sure somebody was there. And this is just of a piece of an overall campaign to try to conceal from the American people. The extent to which the president was really struggling to do his job. The lousiest concealment campaign ever devised. All of us knew that Joe Biden was failing in terms of his health and other things, but specifically in terms of his health. We all knew it. What kind of coverup was this? It was just the people that were working in the White House, the pe, the press, Jake Tapper, CNN.


They're like, oh, I don, we have no idea what's going on. Lack of health. That's a deep fake, that's a cheap fake. They told us he's, he's perfectly fine fit as a fiddle. Now as far as the lies that are being told, take a look at this. Here's Jake Tapper saying that everyone around, everyone around Biden was being lied to, that this was one of the deepest, darkest secrets of the Biden era. You, You have an entire White House press corps though, following him around. And, and I'm just curious as to whether or not this kind of trying to hide what was happening with the president at the time had an impact on the Press Corps.


Like why didn't we hear some of these details? Why didn't we hear it from what they actually saw? And, and why Wasn't the press telling us about this? What could it be? Did they just not detect it? What happened? She asks as if the, we all don't know the answer. It's because he was a lefty. He was the head of the Democrat party and the media was rooting him on and they were covering up his condition, dealing with Trying to get information. Well, Alex Thompson and I were on the case as were lots of other reporters trying to figure out what was going on behind the scenes. But the bottom line is the White House was lying not only to the press, not only to the public, but they were lying to members of their own cabinet. They were lying to White House staffers.


They were lying to Democratic members of Congress. Oh my gosh. This is the reason we didn't know it is because they were lying. Think about the chart of the people who knew that Joe Biden was in miserable condition and the people who didn't ready. Here we go, Joe and Jill know. Joe might not know 'cause his brain doesn't work, but Jill knows. And then a couple of people around them. And then outside of that, they claim that there's this whole constellation of political elites, the press and political operatives, cabinet members. They had no idea that Joe Biden was demented. Meanwhile, the whole rest of the country knew. So it's all of us and Joe and Jill, and then this little group of of elites who have no idea whatsoever.


That's what Jake is trying to get you to believe here. Yeah, it was just a really sophisticated coverup operation. There was just no way of knowing Donors about how bad things had gotten. And in fact, Alex and I started writing this book after the election of 2024, and we spoke with more than 200 people. This, by the way, that that little piece of information, we started writing this book after the election, is the way for Jake to absolve himself of knowing something that he didn't tell you before the election. Oh, I didn't really start the investigation till after the election was over. Why, why did you wait until then? Most Of whom, almost all of whom were Democrats and almost all of whom wouldn't be honest with us or wouldn't be candid with us until after the election.


And then after the election, we found out all of these things. Oh my gosh. That when you looked at what was going on with President Biden at the time, it, So all of these Democrats, did I hear that correctly? So all of the Democrats you spoke with prior to the election, there's a culture of deceit going on in an entire political party, and that network spends all their time attacking Republicans and Jake just revealed to their audience. Yeah, Democrats were just lying like crazy. So there was just no way to report this out, Sir. Wouldn't be candid with us until after the election. And then after the election, we found out all of these things that when you looked at what was going on with President Biden at the time, it probably doesn't surprise you. The, It makes a lot more sense now.


I, when he was falling off of stages, falling downstairs, falling upstairs, getting led around by the Easter Bunny, wandering away not knowing where to go, needing stage direction needed to be dragged off stage by George Clooney and Barack Obama. All of a sudden, I'm putting the pieces together. I'm starting to think this guy wasn't with it at The time extent to which he was deteriorating. But now we have anecdotes and facts about what was really going on behind the scenes with details that Democrats wouldn't share with us until after election day. Little gum shoe reporting finally got to the bottom of that epic saga. Holy cow. That's brazen. That is brazen. Oh man. And now they're profiting off of it.


I'd like to know what the advance on that book was as Jake uses the dwindling audience of CNN to sell books. Guess what we just found out? Joe Biden, his cognition was broken. He was non-comp Memphis. Does this open up any other follow on questions by the way? So if you're willing to admit this much now in order to get a book out of it, what else does that tell you? Were the pardons legitimate? If the president wasn't competent to be president, if he was in such a fragile state, were all of the pardons of his family. Legitimate was the pardon of Anthony Fauci legitimate was the pardon of all the January 6th people legitimate.


Maybe they should open up some new lines of reporting. Maybe your inquiries should extend, but why do I get the feeling that they won't? Why do I get the feeling that you are right now only doing this because you think that there is no negative impact on Democrats because if it took actual, If you actually started going down that road and looking at the use of the auto pen to pardon everybody because Biden couldn't get his hand around a pen to sign the pardons and could have get his mind behind it in the first place, what could that possibly mean for those Democrats, those rhinos, all the people who received those pardons, what could it mean for them?


I don't feel like they're gonna dig in. In fact, I know they're not. No, they just have some books to sell. That's where they're at right now. Thank you as always for joining us on VINCE. We've got hopefully another big show for you tomorrow. I, we've always got a big show for you, a lot of great guests coming up. I'm still pursuing some of the, some of the biggest interviews on the planet and once I land them, they'll be right here on VINCE. Great to have you with us. Follow me on the radio show, national Radio Show, 12 to three. If you'd like to watch it online, you can watch me. I do it on video rumble.com/ VINCE or go to my new radio show website, the VINCE show.com and you can find your local broadcaster and listen to the radio program there. Be sure to follow me on social media.


I'm always posting updates there, always getting into a little bit of trouble there and as always, very grateful to have you with me today.