
Have you seen the news from some economists forecasting of depression by the year 2030? Some are even forecasting that Social Security and Medicare are headed to hit a breaking point. Our national debt and cost of living continue to rise. We can have a big problem, help protect your family's future with gold. From Birch Gold held in a tax deferred, IRA. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Get your free copy, the Ultimate Guide for Gold in the Trump era with a forward by Donald Trump Jr. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Message and data rates supply. Dan Bonino, welcome to The Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino. Only people who love crime are the freaking criminals


because that's where they make their money from the crime because they can't do anything else. Sounds like a lot of our corrupt politicians. Here's Steven Miller again. You really wanna be on the wrong side of this. Take Dame James Carville's advice Democrats. I know you won't, but don't just stand there, do nothing. Check this out. We are talking about performing a basic anti-fraud review to ensure that people are not engaging in large scale theft of federal taxpayer benefits. I mean, for example, we pay billions of dollars a year in child tax credit payments to illegal aliens, billions with a B.


So these are systematic programmatic reforms that we're talking about here. Okay? I'm about to blow your minds with a seg. Ah, maybe a little dramatic. I don't wanna be over the top and hyperbolic. I hate exaggeration for effect. However, this is a segment that has fascinated me forever. 'cause I'm going to prove to you that cutting government criminal fraud, waste, garbage, junk payments, overspending, you know, missing account transactions, missing payment fields, this is so unbelievably popular that even people you think would support excessive government spending. Democrats, no, they're liberals. Yes, radical Democrats.


Yes, there is a huge chunk of the Democrat Party. Let me, I'm, I'm being too verbose. We can steal a bunch of Democrats votes if we win this argument. I know that sounds crazy and I promise I'm about to back up What I say with receipts, opinions are bullshit. All that matters is receipts. I'm gonna back it up for you right now. Donald Trump, if he continues with Elon and for four years, cleans out this government mess and saves a couple trillion dollars over four years or more, he is going to steal a huge chunk of Democrat voters and could leave office. One of the most popular presidents in modern times could.


Okay, back it up. Big claims like that require what? That's right. Folks in the chat. Big evidence. So here it is. You ever wonder why Bill Clinton, obviously a Democrat left office at close to 60% approval? Ladies and gentlemen, bill Clinton, there was actual biological evidence of him committing sex acts in the Oval Office. It's not funny, but Bill Clinton, didn't he lose his law license? I mean, bill Clinton is on video. You could play right? A odd did not have sexual relations with that woman. And then what, a year later?


Well, you know, had sexual, I'm sorry, bill Clinton left office. Look it up with high fifties, low 60% approval. Do you have any idea how high that is in a country? That's basically 50 50, meaning a lot of Republicans liked what Bill Clinton did. A good chunk of 'em and a whole ton of Democrats did. How is that Bill Clinton between Rose law firm, whitewater? You know, how many scandals him and Hillary had? Hillary care blows up. Why did he leave office? I'm gonna tell you why right now, and I'm gonna put the numbers to back it up here is Bill Clinton, in his own words, talking about how important it's to make government more efficient and cut the Fed Bill Clinton, the Democrat.


Check this out. First, I'm ordering a reduction of the federal bureaucracy by at least 100,000 positions. Over the next four years, at least 10% of these cuts must come from senior management. These cuts will make our government more efficient and more effective. The government is full of dedicated people whose hard work is being choked off by our own bureaucracy. Second, I'm ordering each federal department and agency to reduce its administrative as opposed to its program cost by 12% over the next four years. With better planning and innovation, we can make better use of the money we already have in many agencies.


Overhead is too high, red tape is too thick, and the day-to-day operations of the agencies have not been reexamined in a very long time. More in a minute. But first, have you seen the news from some economists forecasting a depression? Not a recession depression? By the year 2030, we could be in a perfect storm. If social security and Medicare hit a breaking point with a largest generation hitting retirement. Smaller workforce usually means a smaller tax base pair that without growing national debt and rising cost of living, we can have a really, really big problem. So what are you doing now to protect your family for the future? Well, gold has been a safe haven in hard economic times, and Birch Gold makes it easy to diversify a portion of your savings into physical gold.


Birch Gold will help you transition an existing IRA or 401k into an IRA in gold and it doesn't cost you a penny out of pocket. Help protect your future today. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Get your free info kit on gold and a copy of the Ultimate Guide for Gold in the Trump era with a forward by Donald Trump Jr. There's no obligation, only information. I buy my gold from Birch Gold. You can trust 'em too. Text my name Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply folks, this guy engaged in a sex act with an intern and lied about it. I under oath in the Oval Office and he left office with 60% approval. Why?


Why? Well, I'm gonna attribute this to Bill Clinton's efforts. Let's be clear. Let's be absolutely clear. So there's no misinterpretation. Bill Clinton was a Democrat and will always spend like a Democrat. Newt Gingrich and the Republican Congress pushed him into some spending controls. But to be fair to history, bill Clinton signed the budgets and it happened. We're not gonna lie about stuff like the Democrats. The Democrats used to celebrate the mythical Clinton surplus too. Here is a Democrat congressman from Colorado, Michael Bennett. The myth, I say the mythical Clinton surplus, 'cause you've heard it a thousand times, right?


That Bill Clinton ran a government surplus. I'll get to that in a second. But Democrats used to realize that people don't want governments going into piles of red ink. Here's the Colorado. These are quick Colorado Democrat, again celebrating the Clinton surplus. Check this out. I want to paint a very brief history for you, because I think it's worth remembering this contextually. When Bill Clinton, a Democrat left the presidency, he left behind a surplus. Okay? He didn't leave behind a surplus, but you get my, you see what I'm trying to get at here? The Democrats are not stupid. They fully understand that the very rational, reasonable, educated American voter is not interested in endless piles of government red ink.


So much so that that Democrat, Michael Bennett is celebrating that Bill Clinton ran the mythical surplus. Here's Margaret Hoover, a pretty mainstream Republican. She's doing an interview, Robert Rice. We don't need to hear from him, but here she is too. You know, again, not some far right MAGA person or whatever like that. Not that that's even a fair characterization, but you get the point talking about the mythical Clinton surplus. Check this out. You served in the Clinton administration, which of course was the last administration with the help of a Republican Congress to achieve this historic budget surplus, Okay? There was no Clinton surplus, so I'm gonna make two points for you. It seem contradictory here, but they aren't.


The first one. A Democrat, bill Clinton left office with unbelievable approval ratings despite a multitude of scandals. I'm telling you, because of his efforts to trim government, which led to a pretty decent growth rate while he was in office Point number one. In other words, if Donald Trump does the same thing, we can steal some of those Democrat voters and carry that over, hopefully into a Don Trump Jr. Eric Trump or JD Vance's presidency. Next, we can steal so many Democrat voters on the spending issue. I know it sounds crazy, but it's, they used to run on this.


And the second point I'm gonna make is the Clinton surplus is a myth, and I don't want you to fall for it. It is a yes. Government spending was much lower, no doubt about it. Newt Gingrich and Clinton did a decent job on that. There was never a surplus. This is one of the biggest but most persistent lies in politics. Bill Clinton and Newt Gingrich did a decent job on spending, period. Full stop. That's not open for debate. There is a great article. I cannot recommend this article in strong enough terms. I used to put this in the show notes four or five times a week. You want it? Go to my newsletter, bonino.com/newsletter. Sign up. It's free.


It's gonna be linked there. Just go today and do it and save this article. It's called The Myth of the Clinton Surplus, the articles from almost 20 years ago. It's by this guy Craig Steiner, but it is worth your time. There was no Clinton surplus. You can read the whole article, but you don't need to. All you need to do is look at this data from the government itself. You will notice every single year of the Clinton presidency from 93 to 2000 that the government ran a deficit. Two hundred eighty one billion two hundred eighty one billion two hundred fifty billion 188 billion 113 billion, 130 billion, 17.9 billion.


So if that's every single year of the Bill Clinton presidency, excuse me if I say so. If the government ran a deficit every year, a deficit means they didn't have enough money, which is the opposite of a surplus. Is anything I'm saying confusing to the libs? They got close in 2000 where they only ran a basically $18 billion deficit. There was never a surplus. So, Dan, why do they keep talking about a surplus? Because of social security and Medicare funds that were basically stolen. Read the article, there was never a surplus. If there was a surplus, the freaking deficit would've gone down and would've been a surplus. No year of the Clinton presidency was there a surplus?


There was a deficit every single time they were small. Good for them, good for them. It's not real. Don't fall for it. Don't be a sucker. Read this guy's article, The Dan Bongino Show. If you'd like to hear more, subscribe to The Dan Bongino Show wherever you get your podcast.