
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino Folks. This is such an obvious, I mean, transparent like scotch tape exercise in deep state, weaponization by the scumbag, tyrant, weaponized government assets that if you can't see it, I, I genuinely can't help you. You're, if you support what happened yesterday with fake judge Judkins, she's not a judge. This woman is not a judge. Stop referring to where Judge Jukin, this is not a real judge. This is nothing more than a partisan political hacktivist communist.


This is not a serious person. She's only serious in the destruction she can cause. And what she did with Jack Smith, who is now going gone completely fascist, total fascist now is, I've never seen anything like it 30 days before an election in a justice system where even murderers are presumed innocent until proven guilty, beyond the reasonable doubt and given due process to respond. 'cause people are falsely accused of things all the time. They launched this ridiculous superseding in indictment with a bunch of nonsense that's already been shredded and secondhand crap.


Why? Because four things happen this week. 'cause the scumbags and the media need to distract you. Scumbags. Scumbags, that's who they are. I got a Big show for you today. I'm a little pissed off today. I'm sorry. I mean not about being here. About what happened last night is just, we've gone full fascist now with the weaponized government. It's just disgusting, folks.


You all know I can't sleep without my Beam Dream powder. They have an exclusive discount for my listeners up to 45% off visit shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino.


I got that. And I got a lot more, including evidence again that JD Vance absolutely destroyed Tim Walls. That's one of the things they wanted to distract you from talking about right now.


Hey, what if there was someone out there kept a log of every single thing you did? Well talk about the deep state. But if I told you that's exactly what happens every time you go online, your internet provider's allowed to store logs of every website you've ever visited and can legally sell the data to anyone. That's why I always use Express VP NMI devices. It reroutes your internet connection through secure servers. So your internet provider can't see or log what you do online. Now, many of you might be wondering, well what if I'm routing all my data to A VPN That doesn't. That just means VPN could see what I'm doing and log my data instead. Fair question. Well Express VPN is the only VPNI trust. 'cause they used trusted server technology. They were the first major VPN provider to engineer all their VPN servers to run on RAM only. It makes it impossible for their VPN service to store any data, including logs of any Express VPN customer. So stop letting people keep logs of what you do online. I use it 'cause it's nobody's business, especially the government. What you're doing online, go to express vpn.com/bonino right now. Find out how you can get three months free. That's X-P-R-E-S-S express vpn.com/bonino express vpn.com/bonino to learn more.


All right, fellas, let's go. We're coming out firing today on all cylinders, synthetic oil only. Folks, what happened yesterday with the deep state is freaking disgusting. Jack Smith, who is the special tyrant special counsel, investigating the fake crime of the insurrection, Jack Smith was tasked with a job you may say as a special counsel in the DOJ. By the way, unconstitutionally appointed this ridiculous human being who may be one of the worst lawyers in America. He has got his ass kicked in court on some of the biggest cases of our time because Jack Smith sucks.


I know you're listening. Jack Smith, we have the biggest live shirt there. You suck. You're a legal embarrassment. You are a disgrace to the country. You are a laughing stock. Everybody thinks you're a joke and you are only chance at redeeming your shit garbage, trash can reputation 'cause you're a laughing stock. Legal joke across the board is to Tyra in this fascist manner, go after Donald Trump and try to interfere in this election. So what did they do? You see this article of Politico, they drop what's known as a superseding indictment. Let me just translate the legalese. The guy who was in the justice system for a long time. You can, you can basically charge someone and arrest them or detain them or bring charges via a few different documents in the government.


You can do an information, you can do a complaint, or you can do an indictment. They all generally lead to the same thing, which is going to be charges, which will be a trial. If you don't plea out, it's not that hard. You can also draw up a superseding indictment which says, Hey, we have some more stuff we wanna give you. So the last thing you read, we're gonna bring this one. An indictment typically is a little more serious than a complaint. A complaint's easier to dismiss when it comes to a case like this. A serious case like this, not serious in that the charges are serious, serious in that we have a tyrant using you, using the weaponized government system to interfering an election. They'll typically use an indictment, which is a little bit harder to get rid of and dump a complaints'. Kind of something you do last minute if you want to get an arrest warrant.


It's what we did in the Secret Service a lot. The superseding indictment. I want you to understand, Jack Smith has gotten his ass kicked over this case in the courts. The Supreme Court has already told Jack Smith, Hey Jack, Jack Oh. man, I wanna say something so bad. I, Hey, I'm so sick of this guy's bullshit. I can't even tell you. It's crazy when you have communists right in front of your face, right in front of your face doing commie stuff and the media iss not willing to call it out. I mean, their sole job as the fourth estate is, this is such obvious government corruption. He drew up this superseding indictment, which is basically just what Jack Smith says.


It doesn't mean any of it's actually true. I can say anything. I can say, you know, geese, Jason Voorhees and has killed people up at Camp Crystal Lake. It doesn't mean it's true. It, it means the government says it. The government says a lot of bullshit. The government said Donald Trump colluded with the Russians in a peepee tape. The government said George Papadopoulos was some kind of freaking foreign spy. Only assholes believe that stuff. So Judge Chut, who's another disgrace, the humankind an absolute disgusting garbage person who obviously is not a judge. What did she do? She says to Jack Smith. Yeah, yeah. We're 33 days before an election or whatever it is.


You go out and put out this fairytale document, unredacted release it to the public because we wanna make Donald Trump, who was questioning an obviously flawed election. We wanna make it look like he stole this thing and caused an insurrection. This is the most disgusting act of election interference. I've seen it a long time. You're waiting for an October surprise. Here it is. Here's the good news. There's good news with this. Yes there is. Put up that political headline again, this thing's a nothing burger. Read it. It's a total joke. It's an embarrassing joke. There is nothing in there you haven't heard. And here's the hilarious part.


There's nothing even in in there, even remotely surprising or shocking. Donald Trump was calling out basically a flawed election for what? It was a flawed election, which the Democrats have done in every presidential election. They've lost since like 1492. Okay, I get it. Where you get the point. This is bullshit. The document is a laughing stock. It, it fell on deaf ears. It's not gonna change a single freaking vote in the country. All Jack Smith did in this superseding indictment, which I've seen now, all he did is change basically the word, you know, or public to private, that basically Donald Trump was acting as his private self, really as the chief executive of the United States.


It's his job to question an election if he believes there was corruption. That's his actual job to go and enforce the law as the president. Chief Executive Jack Smith's just a bag. He's a total canoe. He's an obvious fascist and tyrant right now. He's reaching and grasping and it's kind of hilarious because they're trying to distract you right now. It's, it's, it's so, it's tragic, but it's, it's almost funny. The desperation. You are only going to Marty this guy again, you assholes. Nobody believes you. People are laughing at you. Everybody thinks you're morons. And if we win this thing in 33 days, I'm gonna look back and laugh in Judge Chuts dopey face also Jack Smith for the freaking tyrant that he is.


Imagine being this guy's neighbor, knowing you live next to a freaking hardcore hammer and sickle Soviet commie. What a disgusting piece of garbage this guy is. And you're a joke. You're a freaking joke. I make my point. Here's why Jack Smith's doing what he's doing. Disgusting Jack Smith. Jack Smith's doing what he's doing. 'cause he needs to distract you from four things going on right now. And what I candidly believe may be the worst week in presidential election, modern history for a candidate. And that candidate's Kamala Harris. I'm gonna go through it one by one, but let me just lay out all four in the beginning.


'cause you know I hate teasers. There's no time for it. And I don't like it. You just had on their watch a candidate and as vice president who ran on bringing back normalcy, did they not liberal DBAs? Did you not run on that? Biden and Harris were the chaotic Trumpers. We're gonna bring back normalcy folks. We're gonna be respected around the world again, as if we weren't before. And what happened? The minute oatmeal brains and this loser vice president got in office, the world is on freaking fire. The Russians invaded Ukraine. The Houthis are bombing up the Red Sea. You can't even shipping lanes are closing.


You kiss. And what happened? The largest ballistic missile attack on a sovereign country in modern history just happened with the Iranians. Who Biden's got his lips connected to their, here's the Iranian ass. You see it folks. Imagine Iranian ass, right? Here's the ass right here, right here. Here's Biden. Surgically attached via like Gorilla Go or crazy glue to the ass of the Iranians. You know, you know the Gorilla Glue stuff, right? Surgically attached. Kisses the Iranian asses. And they tell him, go yourself Joe.


We are gonna launch 181 or 21, whatever ballistic missiles and start basically the beginning of what could be World War III in the Middle East. This is Joe Biden. This is the Chaos President. So you got that number one. And don't worry, I'll go through each of these one by one. You've got probably now the worst hurricane response in United States history. Okay? You've got the US government that is a $7 trillion theft enterprise. It steals 7 trillion of your money that Kamala Harris is running to expand. It's the biggest it's ever been. And it can't do an effing thing, right? It can't rescue people in North Carolina, in South Carolina, in Tennessee, in Florida, in Georgia.


It can't do shit. Why? Because it spent all its money on illegal immigrants. And FEMA put this one up, hurricane put up, put the, that New York poster, hurricane Helene's death Toll reaches 189. the deadliest storm since Katrina. I was told George W. Bush screwed up Katrina, by the way. I'm no Bush fan. He did not. Weird because now 180 9 is, this is gonna be the deadliest storm, probably in modern US history. And who's in charge? Oatmeal brains and is hapless cackling joker Vice president. They need to distract you.


So Kami Jack Smith disgrace to humankind, one of the worst lawyers in America, drops a bullshit indictment. So you won't be talking about this, but we are gonna talk about this. 'cause we won up. You Jack and you're loser. What do you, Jack? You gonna take another trip to Subway? You take another trip to Subway, Jack, try to look at a man of the people piece of garbage. That's what you are. Yeah, I called you that. That's what you are. Little tyrant. You've got a massive port strike Biden's like, Hey, I'm the union president. Did you see that video from Fox's one? They go out to the rally, they're like, Hey, who's Voting for Kamala Harris? No, my show didn't stop. That's, that's what, that's the sound of what happened. I thought he was the union guy.


The union guy can't broker a deal. You realize the United States is losing billions of dollars a day as the ports are shut down. You've got both sides making ridiculous demands. No automation. That's an insane demand. No automation. And you got the other side who couldn't get a deal done. I thought Biden was a deal maker. I thought normalcy was around the corner. I thought he was the union president. Nobody likes this guy. He's a loser. the media doesn't wanna talk about it. That's three. Actually, I'm gonna throw one more thing at five. So we got do three ballistic missiles. Worst response to a hurricane in a modern American history. A ports closure costing us billions Gonna shut down our economy soon. Here's number four, and I'll throw one more in for good luck, right?


This is what they don't want you to talk about. One of the worst debate performances you've ever seen, the numbers are in, the focus groups are in Tim Tampon, Tim Walls, abs, doublet, humiliated himself in the Harris campaign. In case you were thinking Kamala Harris is hapless, but she, if you know, I'll vote for her 'cause I'm a Democrat. At least she has Tim Walls to give advice to her. It turns out Tim Wall's even dumber than she is. You had Obama picked the worst vice president in American history in Joe Biden, who then picked an even worse one in Kamala Harris who managed to find someone even worse than her in tampon Double T. Tim Walls the focus group. I will in a second, but, and then one more. This is the fifth thing I just threw in before the show.


We now find out that the CBP one app, customs and Border Protection app, that's the, we'll call it the Amnesty App. The Amnesty App, okay? Because that's what it does. Cat turd. We gotta get on this. My friend Kat Tur, this is the Amnesty app. That's what it is. It's basically an app. And. I'm gonna show you a video on tomorrow's podcast. How easy it is to just go in the app. It takes five minutes. You produce no credentials at all, and they give you what's called an NTAA Notice to appear. If this sounds insane, that you can basically be a terrorist in some south or central American country or anywhere, go to an app, put in no idea at all, make up a name, and then fly into the United States with a notice to appear.


That's what it is. And then they found this out. This again, this is all this week, folks. The New York Post article, DH F'S threat report. This is Biden's. DHS warns that migrants with terrorism ties will continue to exploit. Border cry. Border crisis. Folks, if you're a terrorist, you supplying CBP one, they fly you right in, just fake your name, you fly right in. This all happened this week. I didn't even mention the 13,099 convicted murderers in the United States under borders, our Harris. We'll get to that in a bit too. This all happened this week. Now, do you see why these scumbags and the DOJ and these fake judges fake?


They're not. They're they're activists. That's all they are. Now, do you see why they did this to interfere in the election? It's not gonna work, man. I'm telling you right now. I don't make predictions. Don't ever early Voting is starting all over the country. Kamala Harris, look at this, sir. 13,099, convicted a homicide 15,811, convicted a sex assault, 425,431. Convicted criminals under borders of Harris. You really think people Voting right now are looking at this? I'm not talking about the liberals. You're insane. This is what you want. You love Jack Smith and the communism. You think independent voters are looking at this and you don't think they realize what's going on right now, folks, you're not prepared for what's coming in this election.


Talking to lefties out there, you're not prepared. Mike, Mike Mc 1, 2, 3, 4 says it. Vote early. Folks. Get out there and vote that Verizon. I had a long conversation with a tech friend of mine in my investment space yesterday, that Verizon outage. I'm, I'm, this is my opinion. I'm just putting you out there based on a couple of different things that may have been some kind of dry run. If the polls go down on election day, don't say, I didn't warn you. The Democrats are Voting early for a reason.


Get your vote and bank it and bank it today. If you can bank it today. Bank it today, folks. The JD Vance interview was one of my five things. They're trying to distract you from it. The J, excuse me, the JD Vance debate. It was an absolute disaster for the left. Every single thing they tried to maliciously make you believe about JD Vance. Oh, he's weird. He's a radical. You now believe about double T tampon, Tim. Everything blew up for them. This was a disaster.


Is it gonna change the entire trajectory of the race? It doesn't have to. I said to you yesterday, VP debates will maybe target 0.5 or 0.25% of the vote. But that could swing the election in swing states. I want you to watch JD at his first post debate appearance yesterday in Michigan, talking about and hammering home the message that independent voters, I think are starting to see right now. If you're still undecided, Kamala Harris is in charge. She's still the border czar. She's been in charge for three and a half years. Stop pretending you have nothing to do with the chaos. You are the chaos.


Kamala Harris is the chaos queen. Check this out. I gotta be honest, I feel a little bad for Governor Waltz. And the reason I feel bad for him is because he has to defend the indefensible. And that is the record of Kamala Harris. And think about this, for the past eight weeks, Kamala Harris, who never won a Democrat primary vote, has gone around the country saying that she is on day one, gonna tackle the affordability crisis that's making it hard for you to afford groceries, housing, and everything else. She says on day one, we're gonna make energy prices lower for American consumers.


And on day one, she says, we are going to tackle the instability and conflict all over the world. Well, Kamala Harris, day one was 1400 days ago. What the hell have you been doing that whole time? Why don't you get to work instead of just talking about Ladies and gentlemen, I, you're my family, okay, you are, you're, I have my family, my nuclear family. But You guys are my fa I don't get out much. don don't can You. guys vouch for me here outside of hanging out with Arvin, the orthodontist, don, don't get out much. I don't. It's not a sob story. I'm just not a social butterfly. It's a choice. You guys are my family.


I told You guys, JD is just really, really good at this. I've known him for a while. We're not best friends. don don't. don don't mean in a bad way. I mean, we don't drink coffee together. Name droppers, say and exaggerate their relationships. But I've known him for a while. He is just really, really good at this. If Donald Trump wins and the next four years we can turn the economy around, get us back on a solid global standing, rebuild our military, close our border. Do you realize we have the chance for a 12 year run for Trump? Four Vance. Four Vance. I don't wanna reach too far. I don't wanna get ahead of this next election. I'm just telling you JD is really, really good at this.


He knows and understands how to speak, how to lead, how to look the part, how to act the part, and how to talk the part. You may say, Dan, bring the receipts. That's your opinion. I got him coming up for you. I promise I'm gonna show you left wing network coverage of focus groups after the debate. So you don't, the great part about this show, I have an opinion, but the opinion and we always back it up with the receipts. Stay tuned. You're gonna see what I mean.


Hey, you don't need me to tell you. Life is precious. It could all get taken away in an instant. That's why I keep a four week emergency food kit for My Patriot Supply in my home. It's got everything my family could need during a crisis. With over 2000 calories a day, there's enough to go around during times of social unrest, government crackdowns, or God forbid, an attack on a homeland. The food lasts up to 25 years in storage. When it's ready, whenever disaster strikes, I have a kit for every member of my family. Why? I live in a hurricane zone. We see these mass panics at the supermarket every hurricane season. You don't wanna be walking into a supermarket with no food. Your kid's going, mom, dad, where do I get my food from? You can save $50 right now in the same four week emergency food kit I keep in my home for my family. Go to My Patriot Supply dot com and save $50 on your four week emergency food kit. My Patriot Supply will send it over as fast as possible. Listen, I know my order showed up in one day. Chip's free too. Get your four week emergency food kit now at My Patriot Supply dot com. Go today. My Patriot Supply dot com.


Alright, again, anybody's entitled to an opinion. They're like a-holes. Everybody's got one. Okay, can you back it up? I told you, jd, if if a VP debate ever mattered, it was the one this week. They traditionally don't. And the target population of still undecided voters who maybe think the Trump team is too aggressive for them, they don't like mean tweets. Came away with an informed, reasonable, very articulate candidate who made a guy what, 20 plus years his senior look like an idiot on stage. Probably more. Here's the focus group. Let's start out with CNN first. So you can't accuse me of bias. Oh, you're only playing Fox News or newsmax.


I am not. Here is a CNN focus group by Frank Luntz, who's about the swamp hist Republican you're ever gonna see. I'm sure don don't even think he likes JD Vance. Here's a CNN focus group. After the debate on what happened, receipts incoming in A post debate focus group, an overwhelming majority said they thought that Vance won last night. Here's why. He's very battle tested, very ready. And you can just see that he went to Yale and he's very intelligent and he reassured a lot of people. I think somebody else, he Was in strong control of the facts. He ran the show. He remained, he remained steady during the whole performance.


And I was very impressed with him being very sincere and authentic. He humanized, he humanized himself and actually looked like a regular guy. Aw Dan, come on buddy. That's just one focus group on a left wing communist news network that hates Donald Trump. Okay, let's go to a CBS panel. It's a shorter clip, I promise. But this was a CBS panel. CBS, again, I mean probably to the left, the CNN. They were the hacks and the goons that fake moderated the debate. There were actually three debaters. There was Tim Walls and the two CBS losers. Here's a CBS panel after the debate, basically saying the exact same thing, short but worth it.


Check this out. Before the Debate started, two of the voters said that they were gonna vote for Trump. Two said they would vote for Harris. Two said they were undecided, but by the end of it, those two undecided said they would vote for Trump. As I says, receipts incoming. Folks, keep in mind the theme of the show. There are five things they're trying to distract you from. Do not get distracted. The missile attack And I ran as it blows up the disastrous FEMA response, the port strike, the debates and the notice to a peer CBP app, which is a basically the amnesty app.


President Trump and JD, by the way, are really smart with the media. No more debates, folks. Debates are over. We should never, ever LA lies take a 150 K on Dan's focus group. We have 150 already. Holy shit man. We're not even like half an hour into the show yet. You guys are the best. We were the number one live stream in the world again yesterday. We 186,000. Almost double the next guy. That's to you. Much love Bino Army, man. Love You guys and ladies out there. You're the best. No more debates. Listen to me. No more debates. Not now. But here's the difference.


Not ever. I asked this yesterday, but I might ask it again. Poll in the chat. Bino on the case. You are a command sergeant Major in the Bino Army Bino. So I need you, unlike Tim Walls, it was a fake one. Okay? I need You guys to answer this question. Here's what we should do for all future debates. If Republican presidential candidates say it's JD Vance in 2028, just would, it could be anyone. Say it's jd. Okay, JD gets to pick from a list of 10 conservative opinion hosts. No more bullshit fake journalists. I don't wanna hear from even journalists on the right side. I wanna hear opinion host. 'cause that's what winds up happening. Anyway.


Mark Levin, you got Hannity, you got Glen Beck, you got Shapiro, Matt Walsh. What's that? You should do it. I I would do it. I, just P company. I mean, I'd be happy to do it. Put my own in name in though is kind of like, Hey, look at me. And. I don't want to be sounding like a dick, but I, yes, obviously I would do it. The JD gets to pick 10 conservative hosts that will question the Democrat nominee. The Democrat nominee. Same thing. They can pick their 10 Rachel Maddow, Chuck Todd. All obvious opinion hosts, because this is what happens. Anyway, no more debates like this. It's bullshit. This happens every time. CBS comes in and goes, we're not gonna fact check we're gonna do journalism.


What do they ask? Here are the questions. JD Vance. How quickly is the world gonna burn due to climate change? It's gonna be five or 10 years. JD Vans, should a woman be allowed to kill a child Six weeks after birth? JD vs. Every single que did the rich pay their fair share? There's not a single question about the massive like border crisis and actually what they did. Everything slanted. So if it's gonna be opinion host, make 'em opinion host. That's why I applaud Donald Trump for giving 60 minutes. The freaking double barrelled middle finger. Did You guys see this tweet? So 60 Minutes is like, Hey man, every year we invite the Democrat and Republican tickets to appear in our broadcast.


As Americans head to the polls, they note that this year, president, vice President Harris has accepted, but President Trump has decided not to participate. Why the hell would President Trump sit down with freaking 60 Minutes the Network? Why would they, why would he sit down with the C Network again? Why would he, would He, he nuts Would he be if President Trump accepted this? I had to tell you, I would have to question his mental capacity.


President Trump's a very smart guy. Very smart guy. Of course, I'm kidding. He's a very smart guy. Of course he's gonna tell him to go screw themselves, by the way, October 9th, Wednesday next week, 9:30 AM Eastern time, we're doing it live. We're doing it live exclusively on Rumble, the biggest livestream event of the year. We're gonna melt down the internet, melt it down. October 9th, nine 30 Eastern time am rumble.com/bonino. Bonino army. Spread the word Anita. Get on that Mc groin crew on that. Be there. Tell your neighbors, tell your friends.


It's gonna be, it's gonna be the best thing you've ever seen. This Rumble channel. Maybe we'll ask him about the Sir Network. Here's President Trump yesterday. Beautifully, beautifully nailing 60 minutes to the wall. It says, you know what, when You guys apologize for lying about me being spied on and a Hunter Biden laptop fiasco. Maybe I'll consider talking to you again. Yes, good move. President Trump, check this out. CBS is saying that you have pulled out of a, a planned interview on 60 Minutes. I'd just like to you to address that report. And if you indeed are not doing the interview, explain your reasoning why. Well, Right now, I went to, they came to me and would like me to do an interview, but first I want to get an apology.


'cause the last time I did an interview with them, if you remember, they challenged me on the computer. They said the laptop from hell was from Russia. And. I said it wasn't from Russia, it was from Hunter And. I never got an apology. So I'm sort of waiting. I'd love to do 60 Minutes, I, do everything. I mean I do you right now, right? And you're tougher than 60 Minutes. Frankly, the laptop from hell was from Hunter. It wasn't from, so I haven't gotten, if you remember Leslie Sto, we got into a little bit of an argument on the camera talking about that and other things. And you know, they really owed me an apology. Oh, oh, they owe him a big apology.


This guy's taking no prisoners with the media right now. And neither is JD Vance. No more debates because they're not debates. They are paid. Hacktivist, commies, muting microphones and fake fact checking people while giving the communist ticket for president a pass on every bullshit lie they tell. That's not a debate, folks. It's a communist interrogation. It's not a debate. And there's no reason we sub, we should subject our candidates to this Idiocracy anymore. I gotta play this before you think. Okay folks, you want an encore performance of the, the infamous Leslie Sta Leslie Stall, who really, honestly, folks should resign from media permanently.


She said this will forever mark her career that she pretends to be a journalist on 60 Minutes, which pretends to be a news program, and that they actively covered up two of the biggest scandals in political history. The deep state spying on Donald Trump. We know the names of the spies. Everybody knows it. And the Hunter Biden laptop letter where the intelligence community colluded the steal election that they actively covered up. Leslie Stahl's name will only be associated with disgrace from the second, from this second. We will never allow her to recover our reputation. Check this out. Jim walk out of his store and he's walking with a ice cream.


And the question the media asks him, what kind of ice cream, what flavor ice cream do you have? And he's in the midst of a scandal. He's not. And he's taking, he's not. Of course he is. Leslie, No, Come on. Of course he is. It's the biggest second biggest scandal. So the biggest scandal was when they spied my campaign. They spi my campaign. Leslie, there's no real evidence of That. Of course there is. It's all over the place. Leslie, sir, they s spite of my campaign and they get called Can I, can I say something? You know, this is 60 minutes and we can't put on things we can't verify. They won't put it on because it's bad for Biden. We can't put on things we can't Verify. Leslie, they spied of my campaign. Well, We can't verify That it's been totally verified.


No, it's been, just go down and get the papers they spied of my campaign. They got caught. No, and then they went much further than that and they got caught. And you will see that Leslie. And you know that, but you just don't want to put it On the air. No. As a Matter of fact, Leslie stall a freaking embarrassment. Look at this. Imagine being this pathetic, disgusting woman right now who she can go back very easily and look at the four FISA warrants falsely testified to all false information in front of a foreign intelligence spying court to spy on the Trump campaign.


We have the name of the spy. You can read my books. The I have the name. They're all cited. You can't verify it. You could read my book. It's all footnoted. I wrote four books on it. Unbelievable. Unreal. That this woman continues to be taken seriously by communists. Even communists should be embarrassed of this woman. Listen to me. Trump campaign never, ever go on 60 Minutes again until Leslie Stahl is fired, openly mocked. I mean, she really, how she survived after that interview in television and kept her career is just astonishing.


She should have been gone from the media out of him. I'm not suggesting anyone fired. I don't care. I don't wa I I watched the show to laugh. That's it, don, don't. Nobody actually takes 'em seriously. Five things. They're trying to cover up this debate performance. And the hack media's rolling. It was one of them last break. And, I'm gonna get back to a lot more, including Politico. Again, just humiliating themselves. Folks, the media is so worried about the fallout from this debate. I can't even tell you.


Hey, probably the number one question I get from listeners is how do I get in the conservative fight in that parallel economy? Where are my dollars going? Well a lot of these credit card companies are funneling millions to left wing causes and candidates hoping you don't notice. But now you have a choice. COIN is America's conservative credit card. Find them at COIG n.com. Don't forget the G With every transaction you hope COIN advance conservative causes and charities at no cost to you. COIN empowers us to take back our country with every swipe. It's a great looking card too. It's bright red with we the people on the front. COIN works everywhere. Visa's accepted and comes with a 100% US based customer service guaranteeing consumer protections. It's the only card worthy of your wallet. So start earning cash back while fighting the liberal agenda today. Apply now a COIN dot com. That's COIG n.com. Just do us a favor. There's a, how did you hear about us Box? Click Dan. Bonino terms apply. Go to COIN dot com slash disclosures for full details. Thanks COIN.


And our last spot today. One of My favorite companies. You got a picture for them? You gotta show a picture of my gym. I post some workout videos once in a while because it's my social media. If you don't like those kind of things, I'm not bragging to anyone. I'm an old rotting carcass of meat that's falling apart. I. just hope it inspires a few people to get in the gym. This is part of my setup. You'll notice it's from Jacked Up Fitness. I love Jacked Up Fitness. This all in one machine is the smoothest I have ever used. Folks. I've used All in ones before. Honestly, they're pretty awful. I used to see 'em in infomercials. And here's the thing about all in ones, they're none in ones because none of 'em work. This is the first machine I worked. I found them on Instagram. This is how they became a spine. I went in reverse. I found them. They didn't find me right. And I started liking their stuff. 'cause I had heard so many good things about their product. Everything works better than the when the standalone. In other words, you ever do pull downs, you do chins on the pull down machine. This machine is clean. It is easy to use and super easy to set up. It's from jacked up Fitness. Don't worry if you don't know how to out Jacked up also includes full body video workouts. You just push play and follow along. Jacked Up is a proud American company. These guys are donating 900 machines to Wounded Warrior projects. It's a million dollar value. So if you're looking to take charge of your health, do what I do. The Jamer. By the way, if you wanna watch some of the videos, the workout videos, go to my Instagram or elsewhere locals, you'll see me using the jamer absolutely insane. Take charge of your health. Start working out today. Go to get jacked up.com, get jacked up.com. Here's an exclusive promo code to get 10% off. Use promo code bonino my last name@getjackedup.com. Great company, check 'em out.


Alright, back to the show folks. I, I tell you to flag it, but it's too late at this point. So I would say red flags in the chat, but it's, it's difficult to flag things when things already yesterday I was gonna tell you to flag it, but it's already happening. the media is now desperately trying to destroy JD Vance. They know JD Vance and, and it's not, let me clarify, the media is now trying to destroy JD Vance because they thought they had destroyed him with the nonsense weird stuff, which in itself was, was like a really dumb line of attack. They're not worried anymore about JD Vance and the Trump ticket. Do you get where I'm going with this? After the debate, they're now worried about JD Vance in the next 12 years.


Don't forget that they're now freaked out because they, they put a full court press into decimating this guy and now he's the second most popular Republican in the country and everybody sees him as this rising star in a party. They will do anything to destroy him. I was gonna tell you to flag it, but they already started it. Look at this ridiculous, ridiculous Politico piece. So here's Greg Price. A good guy saying, Politico says JD Vance's beard is toxic masculinity while Tim Wall's bulging eyes show his passion. This is so freaking pathetic. Laughing my ass off here. Yes, JD Vance. This is political. Vance is the first White House wannabe to wear facial hair.


Research indicates that voters see beards as more masculine. It can be positive to some, but to others, especially women, it can be negative conveying aggression and opposition to feminist ideals. This is real folks. This is real. I love Seth and the Babylon Bee, but this is not the Babylon bee. This is actually real from Politico. JD Vince's evil beard ladies, that beard's coming for you. Be very careful it's gonna sprout. Like remember that movie Cloverfield where that little beast sprouts the little like spider things. JD Van's gonna sprout the spider. They're gonna come after you in the subway and scratch you and your eyes are gonna pop out. But don't worry, Tim Walls who look like Elmer Fudd looking for Wabbits, don't worry. His wide bulging weirdo eyes and the strange faces and gesticulations of jazz hands, they know that this is real too eye popping can sometimes be a sign of surprise.


But for walls it revealed his intensity. Folks like during an exchange about abortion, yes you are right. He is really passionate about killing him. Babies, you are 100% correct. This is real. They will do anything to stop this guy. Anything. I want you to look at this too. CBS kicking itself in the balls. Look at this tweet. Here's tampon Tim, like Zeus with the lightning tampon, Tim, with his magic tampon. There he is. You can shove that up. There we go. Tampon. Tim, look at his tweet from CBS. So JD Vans fact checked these two moron fake debate moderators who did not apparently know what the CBP one app was.


So CBS news says during the vice presidential debate, Senator JD Vance claimed Vice President Harris became the border czar. CBS confirms this is false. Ah, sir. Sir, she's not the borders are, sir, it's false folks. Did you know that? So I'm going to, here's what I'm gonna do for CBS, you effing dipsticks. Okay, I'm gonna do you a favor. I'm gonna debunk CBS using no way. Not CBS. Yeah, CBS this is crazy Put up that headline from C-B-S-C-B-S says that Kamala Harris is not the border za. That is in fact fake. That, that's interesting, Harris.


They say Harris was not asked to be the administrator order to oversee immigration policy and enforcement. Thank you for highlighting that. ge, let's throw the holy shit. That's a CBS article. Guys, did you fake this? Is that photo sh photo shit? No, it's not Photo shit. Harris to lead administration's efforts to STEM migration at border A CBS news, bla. Thank you. Let's compare these side by side. So CBS yesterday, folks, this is the same outlet, this is the same outlet Kamala Harris was not asked to be the administration's borders our state CBS. So it's false or asked to oversee immigration policy enforcement CBS March 24th, 2021 Harris to lead administration's efforts to stem migration at the border.


Surely it's a Title. Sure, it's a typo. Michael, no, early. It's a typo. Maybe tampon t with his magic tampon. He throws it like a lightning ball, like a football, like Mahomes throws a football. There we go. Tampon, T like Mahomes dropping back. Evades tackler, boom. Zips it over to Kelsey, runs down the field. There you go. Into the boys' bathroom, throw the magic, tampon it to the boys' bathroom. Save the day from CBS. Now showing you how ridiculous these losers are and why you should never ever, ever friends, don't let friends believe the mainstream bullshit Communist media. We put together again, an encore performance of a little montage of the media calling Kamala Harris, the Border Czar, which CBS says she's definitely not, even though we wrote an article about it.


Check this out. Anytime Vice President and Border Czar Kamala Harris facing some backlash, And this will be her first visit to the US Mexico border Regent, since she was appointed as the border czar by President Biden, President Biden tapped Kamala Harris, vice President Kamala Harris to be the border czar. They were very critical of Kamala Harris, especially in her role as border czar Kamala Harris, who was appointed as the border czar. There has been so much criticism against Kamala Harris, you know, she was the border czar. I don don't know what else I, okay, I I get it. That the bonino army You guys and ladies, believe me, I understand. I I I present the receipts and you all are reasonable people.


But seriously, help me out here in the chat. Forget the liberals. They know she's the borders are, they're lying because they're just hierarchical communists. But if you are, say, a loose Democrat voter, how do you watch that and take the mainstream media, the communist media. Seriously Again, I just played for you clips of left wing media people acknowledging she's the borders are with an article written about how she's in charge of the border with a fact check by CBS saying, no, no, we changed our mind. She was never, the borders are, how do you take them seriously? Anyone in the chat have any, do you wonder why, how anyone watches M-S-N-B-C-C-B-S and takes this shit seriously?


Do you notice now why they are so concerned with quote misinformation? Because they don't want you to pay, pay attention to where the disinformation and lies are coming from, which is exclusively from them. Here's what else they're trying to hide. They're trying to hide the border disaster. They're trying to hide the ballistic missile attack, the port strike, the debates, the CBP one amnesty app allowing terrorists into the country. They're trying to hide the fact that Joe Biden just said Kamala Harris was intimately involved in the day-to-Day running of the country. Yeah, the running of the country into the ground.


The reason you're suffering at the pump, at the grocery store, there's crises after crisis overseas. The reason the borders open, there are terrorists in the country. There's a crime crisis in American cities is because of Kamala Harris. You don't think she had anything to do, by the way, with this Iranian unprecedented miss ballistic missile attack on Israel? How do you think the Iranians felt when this was Kamala Harris's message to the Iranians months ago? This was, this is folks, this is a very detailed, strong, forceful message up there with the Brandenburg gig, Reagan speech. Check This out. What's the message to Iran? Don't, as President Biden said, just don't Exactly one word.


Pretty straightforward. No, guys. Not that one. The, the, the, the the powerful speech. You know, What's the message to Iran? Don't, as President Biden said, just don't Exactly one word. Pretty straightforward. You guys, that's the same one. You just played the same that there is no, oh, I'm sorry. I was, I'm, that's my, I have a note here. She so powerful. Someone sent, we, you know, I, I asked people to submit content suggestions at Facebook and Rumble. Somebody sent me, said, Hey, play this video. It's Kamala Harris finally doing the right thing and showing how forceful she is on foreign policy. I was a mistake. I didn't realize it was this, that old interview where she don don't, don't, don't you have anything else to add? No, don't, don't, don't.


I, there this is, this is so proud. This is what I tell my 12-year-old daughter. If she says to me, dad, can I drive the car right now? Don't. That is what I, I go, do me a favor. Don't that she, she know this is not what I tell Iranian Death to America. People who are like, Hey, I got an idea. Let's love an unprecedented number of ballistic missiles into a sovereign country in the Middle East. Let's, that's the She asked again after you say don't. Yeah, after she's doing it now. And now the funny thing is, they're saying the same thing to Israel. Israel's like, you know, I think it's time to take out the nuclear program. They're like, the don't, don't, like, they don't know what else to say. They don't know what this is. Kamala Harris, this is why the media, Jack Smith and Fake Judge Chut launched this ridiculous nonsensical document.


This nothing burger laughing stock of a document superseding indictment yesterday, of course after Kamala Harris said, don't, nothing happened. So here's the Fox report about the Iranians freaking out having to deal with a potential President Harris. And here is the Iranians on TV saying, listen, we're gonna calm this whole situation down. We definitely don't want to be retaliated against it by Kamala Harris. He's such a strong force for leader. Here's the Iranians acquiescing play that, if you will. So they have taken cover. There is a lot coming in over Haifa right now. And what we weren't understanding was whether or not the Iron dome, if there's an Arrow three system that's, that's taken this out, what's happening. But right now, nothing's hitting the ground.


But there's so much of it. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. That might change. We have some kind of contact there. I don't know Nate, but I know that you have the ability to tell us what's going on from even Tel Aviv. Again, we seem to have the wrong video, and that seems to be a massive ballistic missile attack in a sovereign nation of Israel. While Kamala Harris said, don't, don't. So weird, so weird. This one I know is right though, because it involves the worst press secretary easily in the history of the United States at this point, A woman who can barely spit out words in a coherent sentence. She speaks only in words, salads. She makes names up. Senator Shorts. She makes words up, names up. Here she is, she's asked a pretty sound question. Like, Hey man, what are you doing to stop the Iranians from like blowing up the world?


You know, they, they, they have nuclear weapons and stuff. They're right there. They're like on the cusp of potentially nuclear blackmailing the entire world. And Corin Jean Pierre is like, oh, don't worry. We've sanctioned them. You have, that's fascinating because these sanctions that you actually are not enforcing, the Iranians are actually making more money off oil than they ever did. This is so weird. And she's like, yeah, yeah, check this out. So Iran, obviously we saw what happened today. They've also have an active plot to assassinate one of the candidates in the US election, which could be seen as a direct election interference. Is there any talk of consequences for Iran in terms of limiting their revenue going after their oil exports? So look, you heard Jake speak to this on what?


There will be consequences. You heard Jake say this, this is an ongoing situation. He had to get back to his desk to make sure that he continues to monitor what's happening, occurring, having conversations with, with his counterparts as well in Israel. But Incredible, the, the Iranians are making more money now on, so-called sanctioned oil than they ever did. So what does that tell you? It tells you there's not really any sanctions at all. They're too busy kissing the i ass of the Iranian Death to America Mullers. And by the way, Google is interfering in the election yet again, trying to hide from you what I just said. These five things.


One of them being the disastrous debate performance of tampon tea and the explosively good debate performance of JD Vance. Here's the media research center and outlet. I love Gabriela Paris au another one off question mark. Google shows 100% left-leaning media in search for Vance Day after VP debate. I'm sure it's just a big winky dink folks. You understand Liberals are morons, okay? You have two kinds of liberals. You have the commies that are doing all this on purpose. They love fake Judge Chut and fascist tyrant Jack Smith. They love what they're doing. The, the fact that I point out the fascism with the weaponized government and the fake acts of judicial whatever, doesn't matter to them.


But there are liberals out there who are gen, I mean, genuinely stupid. I've debated them. I've seen them. I ran for office. They don't know anything. Here's a perfect example of what I'm talking about. Byron Donalds, who's a great conservative congressman from Florida District 19. That's a district I ran in. I know it well. Byron's a great guy, rising star in a Republican party, could be a VP of presidential candidate himself. One day could be the next governor of Florida. Byron Donalds goes on to Breakfast club. It is a very, very popular show, has a large minority audience. He goes on Charlemagne's, the lead host. One of his, I think co-hosts is female guest. Has no idea that Kamala Harris is the cause of the inflation crisis.


I'm not kidding if you can blame one person, it's Kamala. She doesn't know that Kamala Harris as the president of the Senate, the vice president for your liberals out there as the president of the US Senate. IIII know you don't know that, but they are, they cast a deciding vote. Kamala Harris', vice president cast a deciding vote on the American Rescue Plan, which did nothing but spill money into the economy that caused this inflation crisis. She didn't even know. But like us, Byron brought the receipts. Even paper ones. Check this out. We're not really thriving right now. This inflation, which by the way was brought to us by Kamala Harris is, has really slowed down people from being able to excel by Kamala. Yes, the vice president.


Oh, oh, Charlemagne. It's still the President. Charlemagne. Listen man, when Joe Biden wanted to do his American rescue plan, Kamala Harris was the tie, brick and vote in the United States Senate. She broke the tide that started this inflation that has hurt so many people in our country. Everybody listening to your show, that is who's, it's not true. First of all, it's, you sure you wanna go there? The tie and vote? You Sure you Wanna go there? Go outside. You go outside. You, you Wanna go there? Okay, let's go there. You had it pretty, you got What? I, you got notes, Angela, right? That's fine. I have notes I'm gonna give, I'm Gonna give it a char biggest I Have today. I'm give it the is every Question. I notice this again. Liberals love to advertise their stupidity.


Byron says, I have notes. Byron brings out the actual paper of the vote count showing Kamala Harris, which she can look up herself, but won't 'cause they like being dumb. That Kamala Harris cast the deciding vote that you, you can correlate the inflation crisis with the explosive government spending in the American Fake Rescue Plan and the Inflation Production Act. She was the deciding vote in both of them. If there was one person responsible that could have shut this thing down, it was Kamala Harris and she didn't. She supported it. And she said, I have notes too. But notice one person produced the notes. Byron Donalds one person just talked. This is liberals.


Every time folks get ready for this one too. 'cause they have their October surprises that are falling flat. No one cares anymore. No one's listening to them there. There may be another one hiding there. I brought it up before and sadly, and I do mean, sadly. Tragically, I think I'm gonna be proven right. Folks, I told you this. Sean Combs p Diddy case was gonna be a big deal because I hung around with the Clintons as a security agent. I'm obviously not a fan of theirs, but I had to do my job when he was president. She was First Lady and they were around the entertainment community all the time.


I'm not suggesting they're involved directly in this. I'm telling you, I have zero doubt. There are significant politicians and left wingers and business people and donors who are probably gonna show up in this Sean Combs case, and there are probably a lot of powerful people trying to make this go away. Receipts incoming again. Again, everything's an accusation. Just like with Jack Smith. That applies both ways. Here's an attorney working on this case. A guy by the name of Tony Busby. He's got a little update on this. Sounds like something I told you. Check this out. Even before the indictment of Sean Combs, we had received a small volume of calls and it screened a handful of cases.


After the indictment of Sean Combs and the announcement that we were pursuing these claims, the floodgates opened. People who wouldn't otherwise, for a variety of reasons are now stepping forward to make their voices heard and to pursue justice. But no, most of these people are scared. They fear backlash in their communities. They fear backlash in their own families. They're afraid of retaliation from the perpetrators and their associates. They're rightly afraid for their own personal safety. I expect that through this process, many powerful people will be exposed. Many dirty secrets will be revealed.


Many powerful people be exposed. Many dirty secrets revealed. There were a little October surprise sitting out there right now. Maybe an early November. Surprise New York Post folks. Don't say I didn't tell you. Porno. A alleged allegedly showing Diddy with more famous a-list celebrity being shopped around. Lawyer says really, really better. Start asking questions. Lemme show you one more comic relief. Remember Jim Acosta? He was always a contender in the dopey media talking Head Olympics.


However, he's become so irrelevant, it's hard to even include him in the media anymore. He made a little bit of a comeback the other day. He's very offended not about the murderers in the country due to Kamala Harris. He's very offended that we don't pronounce her name a certain way. And even though Kamala Harris has said her own name different ways, a thousand different times, here he is with Corey Lewandowski. It's always good to end with a good laugh. Here's Acosta, who always, he, he, the pretend being offended. Act is great with this guy. Check this out. I can Say, Jim I can say that 13,099 murderers were led into this country. 16,000 rapists, 425,000 people in the last four years have been led into this country by, by Kamala Harris and Joe Biden's own customs and border of protection that are running around this country.


Jim, The other thing too is Kamala Harris I don Dunno, is there, why do You guys say Kamala? That is, it's, it's Kamala Harris, I, just Jim, I, we know that they're committing crimes against Americans. Why? Why can't these individuals talk about the individuals who have been killed by illegal immigrants? 13,099 murderers have been led into this country by this administration's own accounting and You. guys don't wanna talk about it. I'm met Acosta at CNN when I used to hits there. He is truly one of the dumbest people here at. The Guy is a complete goofball with, he's a total degenerate. He doesn't care about convicted murderers in the country illegally. He cares about Kamala Harris.


Who, who's your name? Kamala. Kamala. I've heard it pronounced both ways. That's what he cares about 'cause that's who he is. Figure that in with something you can laugh at. Folks, don't forget, October 9th, next week, 9:30 AM Eastern Time, the biggest livestream event of the year. Me, president Donald Trump, 9:30 AM Eastern, only on Rumble. You can watch at VD and listen later, but you can only see it live here. If you wanna follow us on Rumble, go to rumble.com/bonino or you can download the Rumble app if you like an ad free experience ads, keep the show free. Folks, it's, we gotta pay for the infrastructure in the cloud. You can go to Rumble Premium. That's always a choice for you as well. But the show is free at rumble.com/bonino. We just ask you give us a follow. We really appreciate it.


Also, give us a follow on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Just search for the Dan Bongino Show click dot follow button. Really appreciate it folks. You all are great. Thanks for making us the number one live stream in the world. I absolutely love having you here. Adore You. guys, thanks so much. See you on the radio show here in Rumble in a few minutes, and back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM See you then. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.