
Since 1974, Saudi Arabia has sold oil solely in US dollars. And that was paramount to the dollar strength and its stability, but not anymore. It's reasons like this, that I buy gold from birch gold. And you may wanna also to learn more. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 for a free, no obligation info kit on gold Birch Gold has earned my trust with their thousands of happy customers and their countless five star views. Protect your savings with gold before the dollar plunges. Any further, text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply Dan Bonino. Welcome to the Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino. So Tucker, you and I accurately, sadly, tragically did a podcast interview a while ago on your show, which tucker carlson.com.


They can check out all your material. By the way, I'll be with Tucker September 11th in Tulsa if you want tickets, tucker carlson.com. And we were talking about how the left is insane. They have no emergency break on their behavior. And you had mentioned how well they didn't let 'em govern last time they sick the military on him lawfare. Well, what's the next logical step? Potential assassination. You and I were called crazy lunatics by Daniel Larkin on NBC news conspiracy theorists. And notably, without contacting either me nor you, they said that we presented that without evidence, despite me having mounds of evidence from actual sources that he was in a lot of danger. Your initial thoughts on that, now that you've sadly been proven right, why No Sources. I'm just using common sense as my guide because I believe in trend lines, And, you know, things tend to move in recognizable patterns.


And the acceleration was really obvious. I mean, this is like the, the central fact of history is that things just don't appear out of nowhere. You can predict them with some accuracy if you just pay attention to the proceeding events. And so they were totally dehumanizing. First they're calling him Hitler, which is a predicate to killing somebody. Would you kill Hitler if you could? I think most people would say yes, that'd be my moral duty to do that. Dietrich Bonhoeffer reached that conclusion, right? This person is such a threat that while killing is wrong, it's justified in this case because it will save the lives of many. So they're calling Trump Hitler constantly, and then they're trying to impeach him and then now they're trying to arrest him and put him in prison for the rest of his life. And none of it is working. He becomes stronger.


You never hear anybody call Trump a racist anymore. By the way, that was the signature attack against Trump. If you were a Hiro Indian living in the Amazon headwaters in 2016, the one thing you knew about the United States was there was a racist running for president. Now nobody says he's a racist. Why? Because all the people he supposedly hates are voting for him. So that's like not working. None of this is working. In fact, it's counterproductive. Every time you attack him, he becomes stronger. This is a much recognized phenomenon. And so where do you go next? And they're out of options that I just made. The very obvious point that this trajectory leads to assassination. Like why is that crazy? And the last thing I'll say is that Daniel Arkin, I hope, is enjoying his health insurance.


'cause he's gonna be on Cobra soon because that whole edifice is coming down because nobody believes it. Therefore nobody watches it. They pulled Morning Joe off the air yesterday. Oh, he was pissed this morning. They were ordered by Comcast. Comcast. In fact, I do have a source on this. Don't air this crap because these people are crazy and it's hurting our parent company. They're lunacy. So they're literally mourning. Joe is so, and he's not the worst though. He's the most annoying, is so radical and crazy that they literally can't even air him anymore. The liberals at Comcast. What's the lifespan? Speaking of trajectory, speaking of trendlines of NBC news of CBS, of CNN of the New York Times, it's like very limited.


We're looking at the last moments of existence for these organizations. And so I would just say to Arkin, if he's watching, I feel so sorry for you. I don't know if you're married, but at some point you have to explain to that woman how you're not providing for her anymore because you don't have a job. Because what you did was disgusting and your whole business was destroyed. I mean, You know Don. I I think to myself often, I mean you're obviously living this. It's your father and you're the only guy on this couch who's actually had a secret service detail. Yeah, I've worked one, I've never had one. You know you look at this guy, Dan Arkin who writes this piece calling me and Tucker crazies for high. I just so You know, I I was in there too. 'cause I I agreed with you at the time. So I was also Yeah, vilified and called a conspiracy theorist because when they said, well, Tucker said this, I go, of course he's Yes.


Whatcha talking about like, what world are you watching that you believe that that's an impossibility? Like what are you I missile like, of course they are. But it was crazy. Well, you Got briefings from your agents, Correct? Yeah. When, when my father was president, I was, I was the number two. According to them, I was the number two most threatened person in the United States. Well, I'm sure after my father, because I'm vocal You know, I say that. I don't, I don't back down. I, I I I push hard. I think I've been proven right on virtually everything. But, but yeah. I was the number two most threatened person that You know under the purview of the United States Secret Service


More in a minute. But first, a small regret is slouching in the dentist chair thinking I should have brushed and flossed better. A big health regret is listening to your doctor and thinking I should have paid attention to nutrition when I was younger. Better health today when it matters most is why I take and been taking for a long time. Field of greens. Field of greens, unlike any other fruit or vegetable green product on the market. Now, it isn't watered down extracts Field of greens is an organic super food. It's whole fruits and vegetables and it tastes delicious. Each fruit and vegetable were selected by their doctors to help support vital body functions. And only field of greens is backed by a better health promise. At your next checkup, I bet your doctor will notice your improved health from good nutrition like me or your money back. It's quite a deal. Don't look back and say I should have paid attention to nutrition when I was younger. Field of Greens is a key to better health today when it matters most, let's get you started with 15% off and free shipping. Visit House nutrition.com/dan and use promo code Dan for your discount. That's promo code. dan@brickhousenutrition.com slash dan brick house nutrition.com/dan


You. know Tucker, one of the things you and I folks share, I think in common, and I'm don I'm sure you agree, I don't want to leave you outta this one, but you and I particularly, especially when we were at Fox together, is the media, the liberal media and some swampy conservative media or pseudo conservative media, whatever, they really, really get under my skin. They do. It's like a tick. And I wish they wouldn't. 'cause there were times I, you know, oh I can't sleep at night. And people say no, there were some times I literally can't go to sleep at night. Like I have to take like a melatonin 'cause I'll read something and I'm like, fuck these motherfuckers. Like they're so stupid. Right. The thing union, I nailed, I think to a t that to this day you used to talk about it and everyone else avoided was this replacement theory stuff. This was the worst media story in human history.


There were literal articles, and I hate that word 'cause it's so overused written in the New York Times called We can Replace Them. There are hours and hours of Democrats on tape talking about demographic destiny. The demographics of the country are gonna change. We're gonna replace these Joe Biden's on tape talking about how Oh yeah. The white man. And then when we notice it, they're like, that Tucker and Bonino damn mother effing racist. You better fire. They racist. They wrote whole books about it. And now of course it's true. Yeah. But the hate that it displays, like why would you want to do that? you know? Why would you want to watch the people whose ancestors built the country die, mock them as they die and then replace them?


I don't understand. Like only so I mean that, that suggests like actual hate, like homicidal hate. I, I would never want something like that for anybody. And by the way, it's not just the United States. It's happening all over the Western world. Yeah. The people whose ancestors built these countries are dying and they're being replaced. And it's like, why would you want to do that? There's something very heavy going on. You know. I mean, go to Sweden, go to the uk, go to London. I mean it's, it's shocking. And I don't at this point care if you're not allowed to notice it or if you're racist to notice it's happening in Ireland. Ireland, it wasn't. Ireland was never colonial power. Like in the United States. They're like, well you have to put up this because you were mean to Puerto Rico or something, or You know what I mean?


Or you've used too much carbon. So you have an obligation to allow all of Central Africa move to your country and give them housing vouchers. Okay. But Ireland never did anything to anybody. Ireland was oppressed by Great Britain actually. Right. It was never a colonial play. Sat out an entire World war. They're Movies About it. Yeah, no, exactly. Yeah. They started from a potato f And so why are you doing this to the Irish? They are the indigenous population of their island and you're watching them die and replacing them with people from the third world. On what basis are you doing that? George Throws actually like what's the real answer? Yeah. And you have to think that this is genocidal intent. Like what else is it? Yeah, I mean honestly, what else is it? Oh, shut up. How about no, 'cause I wanna live like it's 1985 in the country that I loved where honest questions could be asked with full confidence.


You would've right to do that because you're an American and I'm gonna live that way until I die. And I don't care what they do to me. I'm gonna live like it's 1985 in my country and I'm gonna ask a super obvious question. Why are you doing that and why are we putting up with it? I don't think we should. You had the greatest line ever. He did a profile, I think it was a New York or whatever. You did a long form profile with one of these never Doing that again. Yeah. It was one of these total douce canoes and in like New Yorker or whatever. But you had A great Dive in there. Yeah, it was, I was like, man, that was really nice for him to do that. I did one too. A guy, this guy Evan Oard or whatever, fucked me over a bunch of bullshit. Yeah. So I wrote a hit piece on him later. I'm like, ah, fuck this guy. So in the piece you've wr you said this great line, you're like You know once in a while you gotta throw a shit grenade in the 10 And.


you know what? I read that and I'm like, I know exactly what you were saying. No, Actually I was quoting, it wasn't me. I was quoting a deceased friend of mine called Christopher Hitchens and who I used to drink with. He never quit and died and I did quit. But anyway, many, many years ago, he said to me, You know my goal is not even ideological every day as a matter of principle, I want to throw a grenade over the wall into Asshole hq. And I thought, I want that to be my goal. I wanna do that. I found my spirit animal. Yes I did. And I really have Tried just Don, did you find like me like his monologues at night? Great. Wait, they were, you You know the one thing about you is you never, you honestly, Paula, am I right?


My wife and I used to watch like would rap attention, right? We would sit there, we'd be like, the greatest part of it was you never knew what was coming man. Yeah. Like it the regardless of the news cycle. And you'd be like, shit, I'm thinking about that different now. You know. Yeah. And I, I think that's why Tucker calls back. You don't wanna wanna be part of the news cycle. I mean, unless, But it drove the news. It did. I mean, people, the, the entire next day conversation, even on social was based around You know I'll, you Know, that monologue give the Arkansas governor when Hutchinson, when he came on about the cutting guy's nuts off the kids' balls off and you just ca you just verbally castrated him that his career will never recover from that interview. Ever. I Hope not. He ran for president Anyway, And, they, I interviewed him again at some forum in Iowa.


There's a certain kind of, I don't know that they're all actually closeted, but they seem all seem very closeted to me. Or at least they have super unhappy wives. But this very kind of weak male. Well, it's just true. It it's a hundred percent true. I'm not even disagreeing with you. It's, they're all that way. It's Ms. McConnell or whatever so good. They're all that way. And there's something about them, I think that they're the governor of Utah is that way. They're, it's a certain sort of man And, they hate themselves so much. And my operating rule in life is if someone hates himself, he's probably not gonna love you. It's guys like that who just like get off on a basing themselves. That's totally cool if that, I think the word is kuck. It literally is kuck.


They are kuck. Think it's, that's like the most brilliant by The way. It's Rumble. We can say it. When they started telling you you weren't allowed to use the term kuck or it's okay to be white. I remember thinking like, well why? Like, why can't you say that You know what I mean? No one ever explained it was like, shut up. That's an extremist term. I didn't even know what cut meant. Yeah. But like the, the genius collective on the internet really saw deeply into the souls of, of people like Mitch McConnell or that creepy the trainee Arkansas Governor And. they just saw who they were. 'cause it was elemental. It wasn't a political difference. It was like something inside this man was so hollow and broken and sick and diseased and self hating that it had to do with a cuckold fantasy. Like, that's totally right. I can smell it.


The Dan Bongino Show. If you'd like to hear more, subscribe to the Dan Bongino Show wherever you get your podcast.