
In these crazy times, there's peace of mind and security. But think about this. You're not financially secure. If all your eggs are in one basket, gold and silver can be an excellent way to diversify your savings. Through my friends at Birch Gold Group, you can own physical gold and silver in tax sheltered retirement account. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and receive a free no obligation information kit. This is the one thing you can do to help secure your family savings. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Message and data rate supply.


Dan Bonino. Welcome to the Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino, New York Post. This is probably the best cover they've had in a long time. Past this Bedtime Dems deliver the final insult to sociopathic kids. Sniffing woman groping loser, fine people, hoax promoting fake storytelling. Audio bi autobiographical story, making up her Joe Biden plagiarist. The Le plagiarist sniffer sniffer of children. Grr of women. Take her of foreign money and influence peddling loser.


Bum loser. I have zero sympathy for this piece of garbage and what he did to the country. So what'd they do? They delayed his speech. And I'm gonna tell you something, I can't prove it. I'll throw that 'cause I'm not a Democrat. And I. Don't keep touch with a lot of Democrats. Obviously I'm a conservative But I. Think they delayed the speeches last night on purpose. I think they wanted to push Joe Biden here. Here's how we can prove it tonight. Okay? You know a little test folks? Chat, chat folks. Yes or no? Yes. They delayed the speech on purpose to kick him into almost midnight so nobody would see Joe Biden and, oh hey babe, Barbara Red paper.


Did they delay it on purpose? Yes. But Gino on the case or no, they didn't. They their excuse was a lot of people clapped. A lot of people clapped. Interesting. The RNC didn't have that problem. you know, they actually have applause lines built into speeches to wait for people to clap. I am telling you, you did it on purpose. Here's the test. Here's the test. You guys ready for the test? So Obama's speaking tonight, right? I think it's his night tonight. Obama's speaking tonight. If Obama speaks before 11 10, 10 30 and they make sure Obama gets out there on time, you will know it was the final, if you know what I mean.


Hold on to Joey Boomba. you know, It watch tonight. They won't bump Obama to midnight. Biden didn't get out there till like 1130 at night, didn't finish till after midnight, screaming and yelling like a lunatic. So I decided to play the low lights of this disgusting filth bag speech. He said five people. He was screaming and yelling and foaming again. The foam, you know, the foam foaming, looked like they must have given him some stimulants to stay up past his bedtime, screaming about how great he is and wonderful he, I gave everything. Yes you did to screwing up America.


We're gonna play this. I'm gonna stop it at certain points. I'm gonna play about a minute plus of it. That's it. Because there were so many negative points to the speech. It was hard to sum 'em all up. But here's some of it. Play this And. we might stop it Here now. Without electrical, without not allowed. There's not without electoral, electoral, electoral. Wait, wait. Time out. Hold on, pause for a second. What? Electrical electoral. Electoral electoral. We talking about the elections elect election. Electricity for the electoral. What? What are we talking about? The computer. The answer is nobody knows what he's talking about because it's Joe Bryman. Nobody knows what this life loser is talking about.


Okay, move on. Let's hear a little more. Border encounters have dropped over 50%. In fact, there are fewer border crossing today than when Donald Trump left office happened. Joe, Joe Biden, Joe Bribing is bummed who's led. 8 million people we know about into the country four times. What happened in the four years of Donald Trump and likely another, probably five to 10 million God aways we don't even know about is running on the border screaming like a lunatic after his Botox injections. That's a good one. What time was that?


Was that like 1220 or something? Were the Democrats like were they snoring at that time? Oh, let's go on. Let see what else he Say. Donald Trump said And I quote. They were very fine people on both sides. My God, that's what he said. Okay, that is okay. This lying bum, bum loser, grifter woman groping, kid sniffing, influenced peddling father to a drug addict. Loser. Right loser bum. That's who he is. Has to keep stoking racial hatred in this country by lying constantly about the fine people. Charlottesville hoax where Donald Trump said the opposite of what this bum is saying.


He said bum, he quote completely condemned the white supremacist more in a minute.


But first, you think your skin enjoyed the summer as much as you did. Ladies and gentlemen, here's Stephanie from Santa Cruz, California. I have skin damage from years in the sun. Love this product. It helps reduce the appearance of the various discolorations of leaves my skin looking younger. Great. Even at my age, Stephanie's raving about the genus cell skincare dark spot corrector A must have. Now after months of record, heat and time in the sun, sun spots, brown spots, discoloration and even red inflamed patches could all disappear in front of your very eyes. The Genelle Skincare guarantee amazing. You'll see results the very first day guaranteed to your money back. So take advantage of the Genelle current most popular package, which includes also the classic Genelle bags and puffiness treatment and immediate effects, all at about 70% off. So you can try the best skincare in the world for yourself, completely risk free. It's simple. Go to genus sell.com/dan today and start looking years, even decades younger tomorrow. That's GNU c.com/dan genus sell.com/dan. It's a special gift. Every package order includes the brand new genus cell liquid collagen builder free guaranteed to help improve the appearance of your skin, hair, and nails. Yours free today. Genu sell.com/dan jenu sell.com/dan.


Now, democrats, your dumb shits, I get it. You won't actually look it up, but if you did and you were not dumb shits for a day, okay, you would figure out that Donald Trump actually completely condemned them. Now why does your bum loser president keep saying it? Because he's a bum. He's an evil piece of garbage who wants to stoke racial hatred in the country he wants to place to burn because he's evil. That's why this is the party of joy. It's like renin, Stimpy, Happy, happy, joy, Joy, joy. This is the party of joy stirring, operational hatred, screaming and yelling like a maniac. This guy's a bum. Total bum.


So glad he got humiliated less. I woke up this morning. And I cla for the Democrat. You clap for the Democrats. I did. Yes. Democrats humiliating this bum last night in front of the whole world. Let him go on. It's what he said and what he meant. Oh, from his own chief of staff and Fourstar General John Kelly, that Trump went in Europe, Would not suckers And lose the grave sites in one of the France. The brave, another hoax. Service members who gave the lives of this country. What? Watch the fake anger at the end. Watch it Suckers and losers watch. Who in the hell does he think he is? Who does he think he is? Ah, Don don't know because he didn't say it.


That's a A total hoax. It's been debunked a hundred different ways from Sunday and you like to fake rage and anger. Hello man. Foaming, foaming, spitting, foaming crap in the diaper. He is probably wearing pee in himself. Hell fuck cla you don't think he's anybody? 'cause he didn't say it. Ya moron. A bum. Total bum. When did that happen? Was that like 1245? Was that 2:00 AM when? When they try Democrats trying to hide this bum? See what else he had to say. They're the ones we're gonna bring back.


That's not hyperbole because which means he's lying no longer has to pay those exorbitant prices to the big pharma Republicans. Democrats, we saved democracy in 2020 and now we must save it again in 2024. Wait, time out. Okay, so first the Medicare thing. He's absolutely lying on a beat. Big pharma. Here's what this bum did. They instituted communist price controls over a series of drugs. What happened is the pharmaceutical companies now, because they can't make money on drugs, they've spent billions trying to invent, are now cutting their r and d departments.


Again, Democrat dip shits. You can look this up. These companies are public Democrats are like, what does that mean? Man? I know your morons public companies have to do public filings. You can look up their quarterly filings. You will see in their last filings that the drug companies that are keeping you alive, if you're a senior or a cancer patient are cutting r and d budgets because of this bum's communist price controls. You can look that up if you want. I know you won't, but you can try. And on the save democracy thing, save democracy. Does that include jailing, Peter Navarro, Steve Bannon, George Papadopoulos investigating Carter Page spying on Donald Trump.


Judge Han's gag order convicting Donald Trump of fake crimes with no victims. I mean this guy's so full of shit folks. He's like a baby's diaper. Okay, this is the most disgusting, pathetic speech. And again, I applaud the Democrat elders for the first and last time for humiliating this bum in front of the whole world. Let's finish this off. You know we have a thousand trillion, we have a thousand billionaire trillion billion in America. Thousand Trillion a bloodbath, The blood, another one other loses In his words, He's talking about the car industry. That it, okay, good, the bloodbath hoax, So.


we had the suckers and losers hoax, the fine people hoax and the bloodbath. Hoax. The guy is a bum. He's a lying bum. I have zero respect for him. I'm glad he was humiliated. I can't stand this guy and I'm gonna tell you this and you can argue with me all you want. I love you in the chat. You're entitled to your opinion. I respect it. But. I'm gonna disagree if you disagree with me because I'm telling you I'm right. This has been the most destructive president we have had in the last 50 or 60 years. Obama was horrible. No doubt this guy makes Obama and Jimmy Carter look like Bill Clinton.


He is horrendous. The guy is a freaking horror show. Last night was an embarrassment. And Don. Don't wanna get out in ahead of myself 'cause it's only Monday and they could turn it around. Last night, I'm telling you was a train wreck. You had liberal outlets even this morning Playbook and Axios. These, these communist outlets acknowledging yesterday was a total hit show with an S in front of it. The Dan Bongino Show. If you'd like to hear more Subscribe to the Dan, Bongino Show, wherever you get your podcast.