
You don't buy a life jacket when the boat's already sinking and you don't buy gold when the economy's already collapsed. Clearly others are heating this device as gold hit all time highs in the first part of 2025. It's not too late for you. Two, protect your family's future with gold. From Birch Gold held in attack shelter at IRA. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 To get your free and fo hit on gold. Let the experts at Birch Gold help you secure your future today with gold text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Message and data rate supply. Dan Bonino. Welcome to The Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bongino. You are obligated if you say Trump's plan sucks to present some of your own. Here's what he was talking about, by the way, AP Ukraine.


Zelinsky says, end of war with Russia is very, very far away. Oh, okay. I mean, that's the best you have. Your economy's being hollowed out. You don't have anything else. Again, here's Donald Trump, president Trump again. He wants to see it end. He just doesn't wanna see people dying anymore. I get it. Like, alright, this is, but he has a plan. He's presented a plan. No he hasn't. Yes he has. He has said, we will develop economic rare earth mineral resources in areas of Ukraine.


This will be likely an implied, if not direct security guarantee because of our economic interest. And you came in Friday and blew it up. What's your alternative again? I thought the left was the party of peace. Am I crazy that the song not happened? Did we not all engage in sing-alongs in the sixties and seventies? If you were of that age, smoke the peace pipe on college campuses, what happened? You got a guy who wants peace and now you hate him Here, check this out. With all of that being said, I want one thing to happen. I want all of those young people to stop being killed. They're being killed by the thousands every single week.


Last week, 2,700 were killed. 2,700 young in this case just about all young boys from Ukraine and from Russia. And that's not young people from the United States, but it's on a human basis. I wanna see it stop. The money is one thing, but the the death and they're losing thousands of soldiers a week. And that's not including the people that get killed every time a town goes down or a missile goes into a town. And we, and, and I wanna see it stop More in a minute, but first you don't


go out and buy a life jacket when the boat's already sinking and you don't buy gold when the economy's already collapsed. Clearly others are heating this advice as gold hit all time highs the first part of 2025. It's not too late for you too. The company I trust to help you diversify into physical gold is Birch Gold Company. I buy my gold from Birch Gold, specializes in helping you convert an existing IRA of 401k into a tax sheltered IRA in physical gold for no money outta pocket. Just listen to this five star review quote, knowledgeable, helpful, non-pressure. That's what you get with Birch Gold. That's why I've endorsed them for so long. Get your free info kit on gold by texting the word bonino to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. There's no obligation, just useful information with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau and countless five star views. Text Bon Gino to 9 8 9 8 9 8. And let the experts at Birch Gold help you secure your future today with gold message and data rates apply.


Here's the problem too. Here's the problem with the people who reflexively jumped down Trump's throat and have no consideration whatsoever for what he's saying. He really cares about this. By the way. I'm not name dropping who cares, who people know and don't. It sounds stupid and you sound ridiculous. I'm just saying I have a different relationship with President Trump than a lot of people in the media who've never even met the guy and just automatically think he, you know, have all these nasty words to say about him. If you don't think this has deeply impacted him, the carnage over in Ukraine, he keeps mentioning this, how a generation of young Ukrainians are going to be wiped out. And I'll tell you right now what's on his mind. I'll, I'll share something I know is A is a is one, is one of these things like a brain warm when he can't get it out of his is he understands fully that hundreds of thousands of young Ukrainians will be wiped out.


And in the end, listen, please listen, this is really important. Wait, stop everybody, pause you ready? Listen to me. You wanna get in Donald Trump's head and what's animating him? These young men and women will be killed dead. They will never take another breath of oxygen. They will never see their kids grow up. They will never invent the world's next supercomputer or cancer drug or anything. And you know what concerns Donald Trump. Even more than that, it'll all happen. And later on, after 10 years more of war, not a single thing will have changed from today.


I want you to think about what I just told you. I you think Donald Trump is a shallow guy. He hasn't thought this through. He's just some guy that magically won the presidency multiple times and transformed an entire political party. You think he's just crazy? I want you to listen to what I just told you and you ask him in the media, I'm giving, write this down. I'm giving you a little hint. That is what motivates this man. He is deathly afraid that an entire generation of young, healthy fathers, sons, brothers, soccer coaches, police officers serving in their military are gonna be dead wiped out.


And in 10 years, not a single damn thing will change. I'm just asking you if you hate this man, president Trump. I'm just asking you. You are allowed to hate him. It's a constitutional republic and you are allowed to say what you want. His plan sucks. But out of a sense of morality and decency, I'm asking you as a human being, what the hell is your plan? A full scale Ukrainian invasion into Russia. What if they're all wiped out and Ukraine loses its entire Eastern territory?


What was this for folks? The United States, the most powerful military on earth, the most powerful military in the history of this rock we call call Earth. There are times we have realized that sometimes the better part of valor is to say at this point this thing may be winnable. But at what cost? Nobody wins. Every single baseball game. Basketball game debating match and no country on earth is going to win Every single skirmish they get involved in militarily. There are times both Democrat and Republican presidents have realized it is time to cut losses at this point.


Because yes, we can win it, but this is what it's going to take. And will it result in anything different than we are now? The examples, there are a lot of 'em. I wish there weren't, but they are. Stop pretending that it's somehow cowardice or anything else. That's not what this is. It is real politic in a realistic view of the world we live in. Not the world you want to live in. Because that's the utopia fallacy that doesn't exist. I mean, you have to understand if you are a foreign negotiator. The eu, they love photo ops. They had the big class picture we put on the show yesterday. President Zelinski went right over to the eu.


They all got together, took this great photo op. Fantastic. I get it. You have to message things. Public relations are a big deal. I fully understand that. However, public relations not backed up by action are simply there it is right there. Thank you. Are just public relations. They're not gonna change a damn thing. Germany, uk, France, you, you know, you want, you wanna continue this war for with Zelensky. What, what is he a the A PRA very long time. Go right ahead. There we go. For a, the end of the war is very, very far away. Go right ahead.


Nobody's stopping you. The EU is a very powerful collective economy. There's a lot of money there. President Trump has given you a realistic exit Ramp. Here he is talking about how Zelensky needs to be, be more appreciative to resume negotiations. Notice how he has not taken the mineral deal minerals deal off the table despite zelinsky catastrophic diplomatic miscalculation on Friday in the Oval Office. President Trump, who's supposed to be the crazy man according to his opponents, still is not taking the deal off the table. So how crazy is he? Or is everyone else crazy? Check this out.


What do You need to see from President Zelensky to restart these negotiations? Well, I just think he should be more appreciative because this country has stuck with them through thick and thin. We've given them much more than Europe. And Europe should have given more than us. 'cause as you know, that's right there. That's the border. This, this country really was like the fence on the border. It was, it was very important to Europe. And I'm not knocking Europe, I'm saying that just they were a lot smarter than Joe Biden. 'cause Joe Biden didn't have a clue. He just gave money hand over a fist. And they should have been able to equalize with us. In other words, if we gave a dollar, they should have given, well we gave 350 billion.


They probably gave a hundred, but on top of it all, they get their money back because they're doing it in the form of a loan and it's a secured loan. So when I saw that, which I've known about for a little while, I said, it's time for us to be smart. Looking at the chat, sneaky Gemini says, Trump's the only adult in the room. Sneaky. You are correct. It certainly appears to be the case. I'm gonna take a quick break, but just remember what I told you. If 10 years from now we're doing The Dan Bongino Show, sitting here staring at a camera and here the new studio, wherever we're doing it and we're having this exact conversation, hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians have been wiped out and Russia has more territory.


I'm gonna say, Justin, can you pull up that show from 10 years ago? I thought what I, we were the blood thirsty war mongers on the right, right? That's what you've talked about for years. No blood for oil and all that. I mean, I remember being a secret service agency and all these code pinks on no blood for oil. We're giving you an opportunity for no more blood and you want more. I never seen anything like this. And by the way, the public is just not on your side on this. I'm gonna play another CNN poll. You mean the one from yesterday? No, I mean a different one. They're just not on your side on this.


They want this thing to end. Quick break. We'll get back to the show. I, Yeah, hold on a sec. Hey, I'm just guys, I I I, and I know I don't, I know, I know. I don't do a lot of foreign policy on the show. I understand that. Gotta speak up. I, I just, just having dealt with the horror my grandmother dealt with God rest her soul. Eileen Sadler. She really, man, she got, she lived a tough life. She lost two husbands early.


She lost her. My uncle, her son in Vietnam when he was supposed to come home, folks, when that changed her man forever. I told you my uncle's name many times, Greg Ambrose and when he was killed in Vietnam was shot in the back. My grandmother was never, ever, ever the same. Ever. This is real. People are dying. These Ukrainian men are children of God like anyone else. They may swear allegiance to a different country, but they're human beings. What is your plan, man? You owe it to these people. This isn't, look, this isn't a game of Tigo.


Whatever that game is, this is real. There are gonna be hundreds of thousands of Eileen Sadlers out there who are never gonna be the same 'cause their kids and grandkids are gonna have died. You better give us a damn plan because Trump has one. You do not. So that was a clip from The Dan Bongino Show. You can watch the full show on Rumble. All you have to do is go to rumble.com/bonino, where we go live every weekday at 11:00 AM Eastern time. Hope to see you there. The Dan Bongino Show. If you'd like to hear more, subscribe to The Dan Bongino Show wherever you get your podcast.