
Increased tariffs on our trade partners. Tax cuts and regulation changes, lot of changes come in.


Learn why gold is a viable diversification tactic. Now more than ever, Birch Gold is releasing its ultimate guide for gold in the Trump era with a forward by Donald Trump Jr. Text my name Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free copy. The Ultimate Guide for Gold in the Trump era. There's no obligation, only information. Text Dan to the number 9, 8, 9 8 9 8. Message and data rates apply.


Dan Bonino. Welcome to The Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino. Here's the bad news. First about the inauguration. You're asking me do I think the inauguration is safe after yesterday's briefing? My answer is probably not. And it pains me to say that now. It's one of those things I'm speculating. The inauguration, ladies and gentlemen, hasn't happened yet. I'm just afraid that the people in charge at the top of the Secret Service and certainly at the FBI do not know what they're doing. And in case you're asking by the way about bonafides in this situation, You know what?


I'd ask you guys to take that picture off the wall, but I don't know how heavy it is. There is a picture on the wall right over there in the studio behind me of the Daily News. It is me at Barack Obama's inauguration where I Is that too heavy? Look at Michael. Michael's like a big hockey dude. He's like seven feet tall. I wasn't sure if it here. Thank you, Michael. Here. Okay, so here it is. You can see me in the corner right there in the, is that me right there? No, the other side. Sorry. Everything's backwards. Okay, that's me on my, with my right hand. So thank you Michael. I appreciate it. So there's the bonafides. That was the cover of the New York Daily News.


My shoulders hurt. Now that thing weighs five pounds. That looked like it weighed 50. Of course Michael manhandle it. I'm like, ah. Proving my point that these are all show muscles that don't even work anymore. It's all for show. If you wanna kick my ass, you probably could. But I was responsible for the section of the presidential inaugural route for Barack Obama's first inauguration. And I was specifically responsible for the most important section. Again, you're real free to fo you the Secret Service and ask about this stuff. The po the section, 'cause You can see in the picture where it's very straight, very straight. It's like this, the thing is like this that they're like, is this straight? Is, we'll put it up later. Very ky, totally straight right there.


I was responsible for the section where Barack Obama was to get out of the car. So let me just say this. I think if President Trump at this point, given the people in charge of the Secret Service at the top and their known incompetence, I think if President Trump were to stay in the car and forego the walk, I would be comfortable. I have not been briefed in on the security plan. I wish I was, I would like to review it myself because I've done it before and I wanna see what they're looking at. I know exactly what it's supposed to look like. Now here's the bad news first. Okay, I said I'd get to it. The FBI who I don't trust as far as I could throw the FBI. This is very short.


This is a manager at the FBI obviously responsible for a portion of the inaugural security. Here he is saying that they're not tracking any threats. Do you really believe that there are no threats to the inauguration? Are you insane? Whatever the FBI says these days, I tend to believe the opposite. Check this out. We are not currently tracking any specific or credible threats to the inaugural ceremony or to the capital complex. We will continue to work closely with our partners to share information and identify and disrupt any threats that may emerge. Okay, that's the bad news. Why is that the bad news? Because again, I don't trust the FBI and I tend to believe, given their credibility on prior issues, which is zero, I tend to believe the opposite of what they're saying.


I would almost rather the FBI come out and say, we're tracking very serious threats. 'cause then I would believe they were doing something about it. The problem is there probably are very serious threats. I, again, I have not been briefed in on the matter. Of course, he could be telling the truth and I hope he is. I just don't trust them. Why do I not trust the FBI? Because there's no reason to trust the FBI when it comes to anything involving Donald Trump, because they've been on the opposite side of the truth of nearly every major scandal involving the FBI. It's gonna take a long time to rebuild trust once Cash Patel hopefully gets confirmed more in a minute.


But first folks, I've been using the bone charge infrared sauna blanket, and Paula's been using the red light face mask. I gotta tell you, I've been using it too. Helps me fall asleep at night ever since they sent to me. Can't recommend them highly enough. This is a really great company. We just, I just bought some more blue light glasses for upstairs. I kept forgetting mine downstairs. I first turned to the sauna blanket a while ago because of the power of sauna. I encourage you to look it up. It's incredible. It helps me sleep at night as my body tries to cool down. It's for great for muscle recovery, detoxification. It's easy to use the bone charge sauna blanket. Just wrap yourself up and let the infrared heat work work its magic. I've noticed an absolutely incredible difference with my sleep and my recovery for my workouts, especially at age 50. Gotta use every life hack possible. Polly uses the red light face mask. It's incredibly impressive. She's been using it to help improve her skin's texture and reduce inflammation. Look at our pictures on my Instagram. You see, for yourself, it's like having a mini spa treatment right at home whenever you want it. If you're thinking of trying 'em out, now's the time. Head on over to bon charge.com/bonino, B-O-N-C-H-A-R-G-E, and use the code bonino at checkout to get 15% off. They have a ton of products over there, not just the red light face mask and the sauna blanket blue light glasses. If you're into life hacks and positive life impacts, this is the site to go to to improve your wellness routine. You're gonna love this site. Go today, use code bonino. You'll save 15% at bone charge.com/bonino. B-O-N-C-H-A-R-G bone charge.com/bonino. Save 15%. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition, check 'em out. Life acts, stay alive, stay frosty. It's the only way to do it.


Here's the good news. I'm gonna tell you this part in advance and I'm, I'm gonna be, I'm not biased here because I know this individual well, I promise you I knew Ron Rowe well, the director too. And Ron screwed up bad, the acting director now, and he needs to go. It's not personal. Ron was very nice to me when I was on the detail. Ron is not qualified to be the secret service director. I'm sorry, based on what happened in Butler and what happened in Palm Beach. He's just not, there's only so many failures where you end, by the way, January 6th too, where he was also in the management chain, he's not qualified. The guy in charge of what we call WFO, the Washington Field Office, who is basically running on the ground, inaugural security from a management perspective, is this guy, his name is Matt McCool.


His name is public. I'm not giving anything up. They, You know, he briefed yesterday, so it's not like I'm giving up his name. He gave a public briefing yesterday. I know Matt very well. I've got a very, very long work history with him. Long, a lot longer than I had with Ron Rowe. Matt is a very competent guy. Matt is a very smart guy. Matt knows protection. Matt very importantly, knows tactical work as well. Has a lot of experience on the tactical side. He's overseeing this, here he is during the briefing yesterday saying that they're looking at out of the box thinking on this one. Ah, I hope he's correct, but check this out. So I would say what's different is we are in a high, high, higher threat environment. What Is the difference in comparison to the last inauguration or previous inauguration?


Last inauguration, yeah. I would say we got, we have a slightly more robust security plan. This, we've been, we've been planning for this event for 12 months, along with our partners. It's an ever changing threat environment. And so we stay flexible. If we see that, hey, we need to, we need to shore this, this particular checkpoint up. We do that. So what's different we've learned, this is our fifth NSSE this year in the Washington Field Office. We've done 83 nses. Each one we take a look at and if there's areas where we need to improve, we do it. But what I can tell you is that we are 100% confident in the plan that we have put in place for this inauguration and the public and our protectees will be safe.


Well, ladies and gentlemen, that puts me at ease a little bit. 'cause again, I know Matt to be a very competent guy. Just to clear up some of the jargon. Not a knock on him, but You know, professionals talk in jargon a lot. He's refers to nses, how they've done a lot of those nses are national special security events. Why is that significant? If something is designated A-N-S-S-E, a National Special Security Event, the Secret Service is in charge of the security plan. I have said in my reform proposals for the United States Secret Service, as much as I adore my prior colleagues in the Secret Service, the ones that didn't screw up in Butler, and the ones that didn't screw up the management chain in Palm Beach and everything else, and on January 6th, the Secret Service should no longer be in charge of nses.


They shouldn't, they should be a part of it, but they should not be in charge. You have other federal entities that should be more of a complete task force model. The Secret Service does not have the bureaucratic poll to do the things they need to do to make people do the things they need to do. I'm not sure that makes sense. But there are other entities that can take this away from the Secret Service. They should not be in charge of nses. They should be in charge of presidential and vice presidential security and their families. That's it. All the other stuff needs to go away. If President Trump and the team decide they ever want to talk about this, I, it's something I plan on bringing up. I've been talking to members of Congress about it extensively. You wanna keep the president and his family alive.


There's only one way to do it. It's to dump everything else the Secret Service does and focus on keeping him alive. It's not complicated. Here's Matt McCool again, addressing something that I am deeply concerned about. It is the air picture. Folks, I can't tell you this enough. Explaining the damage drones can do and why they are a critical threat is very easy. Human beings can't fly. I can't say this enough. If you see a drone overhead and there is not a vigorous plan to take it down, countermeasures, electronic interference, whatever you plan on doing, netting a hard, basically making it a harder target.


I don't know what their plan is. I'm just telling you, I'm hearing from sources. It's not nearly as strong as they're claiming. Let's hope I'm wrong. And that these sources, that there's updated information. Here's McCool again from the Washington Field office talking about a drone plan saying, Hey, don't be alarmed. We're gonna have drones in the sky too. Okay? I hope he's right and I hope they've got a good plan. Watch this. Secret Services comprehensive security plan will continue to use drones as part of our protective posture. Do not be alarmed if you see these assets during the inauguration or in training in the days ahead. By the way, dude looks like I go on dude, but he's, he's, he's a friend.


He was a friend of mine. I don't talk, I say was not that. He's not now, but we don't really talk much anymore. He looks like he's cut outta central casting and with a name like McCool Perfect, right for this guy. He's as competent as he looks. So let's hope that drone plan, if they can knock out the drone plan. I am convinced on the big six, they're all set. Tactical, medical chem, bio, airborne, IED, fire, kind of geological disturbance stuff. I think on the other big six threats, they're good to go. It's this freaking air picture that really scares the shit outta me. So that was a clip from The Dan Bongino Show. You can watch the full show on Rumble. All you have to do is go to rumble.com/bonino, where we go live every weekday at 11:00 AM Eastern time.


Hope to see you there.