
Hey, Vino Army. I'm Haley Caria, host of Nightly Scroll with Haley. VINCE will be on in just a moment, but I wanna invite you all to join me at 6:00 PM Eastern time, every weeknight to come scroll with me and the rest of the homies. But don't worry If you miss it, you can always find the show after it's live on any of your favorite podcast platforms when you search nightly. Scroll with Haley. I'll see you there.


Hey everybody. Welcome to the Monday edition. VINCE, always great to have you with us. Hope you had a fantastic weekend. Can you believe it? We're entering the 100th day of the Trump administration and the President always got a lot to be proud of. We'll talk about that of course, this week and coming outta this weekend. Yes, The Mass Deportations Have Begun. We'll get into the details there. Also, the fo portion of fa fo is definitely happening now as we see a bunch of public officials now being placed under arrest. A couple of them for violating our nation's laws, being held accountable by the FBI and federal law enforcement.


I gotta be honest, love seeing this because this means the country is healing. This means things are gonna get better, which I am really enjoying it. Again, Great to have you with us today here on the program, if you're live with us rumble.com/ VINCE. Thank you for that. Thank you for the chat. One of the questions I have for you today, in this week, what is your favorite feature of the first 100 days of President Trump's administration? I'd love to, I'd love to know from you. We'll talk about those today coming up. There's, there's a quite a bit to get to before we get there.


As always, gotta thank the great sponsors who make all of this possible. You know, I do believe that as Americans, we should expect and demand freedom and privacy. We should demand humanity. But these days, that can be hard to come by. Did you know that everything that you do on the internet online is put into a profile that big tech companies can buy and sell? It's a billion dollar industry, but there's a way to keep your daily lives from being bought and sold. And that's with Express VPN. When you use the internet, your internet provider records every move. You make data brokers take your info and then sell it to the highest bidder. But with Express VPN 100% of your online activity travels through a secure server with powerful encryption so no one can see what you're doing. Express VPN also hides your IP address so that hey, nobody can, nobody can track you. They, your data can't be traced back to you. Express. VPN is a complex piece of technology, but it's very easy to use. All it takes is one click And it works on all of your devices. Right now, you can get an extra four months for free when you use my special link. Go to express vpn.com/ VINCE and get four extra months of express vpn. That's right. Get access to it, baby express vpn, that's express vpn.com/ VINCE.


Yeah, the, the feedback pouring in the first 100 days, that's a hard choice as Arlan seven. Yeah, no, that's true. It is a hard choice. There's a lot, there's a lot of options here. I will say the border lockdown, which I'm seeing in the chat right now, is definitely a massive, massive victory. Think about the things that President Trump ran on that border and this economy and that border. Well, it's basically entirely closed. The White House this morning had a, a press briefing early this morning right away with Caroline Levitt and Tom Holman, and was going over the fact that, that there are so few people who are even getting into the country anymore.


Tom Holman was describing, he said it was something like, it's like seven people that, that have been allowed in. And meanwhile, everybody else is being deported from our country or stopped right at the border to the point that You know, it, it's just going really, really, really well. So thank you to Tom Holman. The borders are for doing that, and just how excellent this effort has been. I, I gotta say, very high marks from me on getting that border under control. We talked to Christie Nome last week, and, and I, and I wanna remind you that you're in the right place. And I, I've, I've gotten a lot of good messages from the audience this weekend about this last week.


We had Christie Nome on the program, and we talked to her about a lot of things, but among those was this idea that, You know, mass deportations might start soon. And I was, I asked her, I said, Hey, tell me about the mass deportations. What's gonna happen there? And she said, look, VINCE, we've had, we've given illegals this window. You know, you know, Joe Biden had this, this app, it was called the C BP one app, where they were importing people. It was like Uber for illegal aliens to come right into the United States. And so what the Trump administration has done is they've turned the app around and they said, how about this? We're gonna make it an app that allows people to deport from our country with the possible hope of one day maybe coming back. That's the carrot part of all of this.


So you either take the carrot or you're gonna get the stick, and they use the CBP home app and they say, Hey, start registering yourself with the government if you're here illegally. So Kristi Nom told me, we just basically started a 30 day clock. Either do that or you're getting ejected from the country. These mass deportations are coming. And sure enough, over this weekend, we saw one of the biggest deportations at once that we've seen yet. And this came to us in Florida. Take a look at this. This is CBS News Miami reporting on this as 800 illegal aliens were just arrested in Florida, a combo operation between federal law enforcement and local law enforcement, and they're all being deported from the country.


Look at this ice. Miami and Florida law enforcement arrested nearly 800 undocumented migrants in the first four days of their operation Tidal wave this week. In response, governor Ron DeSantis posted that quote, Florida is leading the nation in active cooperation with the Trump administration for immigration enforcement and deportation operations. 800 People in one fell swoop. Now, as of this morning, I'll remind you of the numbers here, Tom Holman is saying that there are some 20 million illegals in the United States of America right now. So is that everybody? No, it's not everybody. No. It's, it's, it is a small number in, in, in, in the grand scheme of things.


But we are watching now mass deportations taking place. And, and the other piece of this is that Tom Holman said that workplace enforcement under the Trump administration has exploded. Let me emphasize what that means. Workplace enforcement means if illegals are here in the country, there are employers who are exploiting illegal aliens, paying them lower than the prevailing wage here in the United States, costing Americans jobs and driving down wages for everybody. It's a total disaster. And so one way to stop this is to stop the magnet of employers who break the law by hiring illegal aliens.


That's what the Trump administration is doing. Tom Holman said this morning that workplace enforcement has exploded now under the Trump administration. So the reason, one of the many reasons you've seen this dramatic decline of people coming across our border is that their chances of success and their chances of creating a livelihood here in the United States in an illegal way, they're diminishing down to zero. That's disappearing. So that part of it, stopping the magnet, the Trump administration doing really well. Now, of course, the mass deportation component is just beginning 800 people rounded up in the Miami area down near Florida, down in Florida this past week. And over the course of four days, a lot more of that to come.


And the people that they're getting rid of so far, the ones that they were primarily focused on, have been the most vile criminals. I want you to see what the signage looks like outside of the White House as of this morning. Take a look at this. Caroline Levitt, the White House Press Secretary posting video this morning from just outside of the White House. This is on the North Lawn. Look at the images here. The, these, every single one of these illegal aliens who is depicted here with these mugshots that have been placed on the North lawn have committed some of the most violent heinous crimes. And you may not be able to read all of these. Perhaps you're listening on the audio. I'll tell you what they say. They say rape, they say murder, they say rape of a child.


They say armed robbery. They say assault. They've got these signs out there right now in front of the White House as an expression of just how committed they are to get these guys outta the country. And here's what's amazing about the placement of these signs. They're not merely for people who are outside the White House to see them, or for the random camera that say is walking by here. Look at this. How many signs there are? These signs are placed directly behind the legacy media's camera shots right there at the White House. There's a spot on the North Lawn, it's called Pebble Beach. That's what the reporters refer to it.


And that's because they're standing on gravel, right on and with cameras facing the White House. So right behind them, over their shoulders, all of these illegal aliens who've been arrested violent illegals to the point that this morning M-S-N-B-C was reeling over this, that now their White House camera shots are gonna include this detail. White House has put up about a hundred posters of what they say are unauthorized immigrants who have been arrested for violent crimes. You could see them there. They put them up on the driveway of the White House. If you look here, that's the West Wing, just at the forefront. The executive mansion itself to the left. But what's particularly noteworthy about this location is it is right directly behind the positions where TV correspondence do their hits from the White House lawn.


So therefore, no matter what network you're on, that includes M-S-N-B-C. If you're doing a hit from the White House right now, those pictures will be behind you. The White House doing a briefing in about a half hour. Yeah. About what they're doing Here. Yeah. Amazing, huh? Amazing. Exactly what you wanna see. So the press strategy continues to be brilliant as these guys are focused firing the White House is on. How can we force the media to cover a story that they refuse to cover? Because this story, I, I've gotta tell you, we are looking at already yet another ridiculous scandal being born over the weekend. They're doing it alert. We have a BS alert coming out now because the media is hysterical that President Trump is now deporting US citizens.


That's the claim here. Look at the Washington Post this morning. Three U US citizens aged two, four, and seven swiftly deported from Louisiana. That's the headline. And I, I gotta say, have you encountered any lefties in your life who are trying to wield stories like this as a weapon against you? Oh yeah. Trump is awful. He's deporting American citizens. They screech. And then you have to calmly and patiently explain to them, no, that's not happening. The news sources you consume are lying to you Three U US citizens deported. And listen to how this story begins. Three U US citizen children from two different families, two different families were deported with their mothers by immigration and customs enforcement during the early hours of Friday morning.


One of them is a 4-year-old with stage four cancer who was deported without medication or the ability to contact their doc doctors. The family's lawyer said, let me just tell you something. These are lies. What you are hearing right up front in this story, in this first paragraph is a lie. These are American citizens. We can't deport American citizens. I'll explain in a more, in a moment. According to their lawyers, both families were taken into custody while attending routine check-ins this week in New Orleans as a part of the intensive Supervision appearance program, which allows individuals to remain in their communities while undergoing immigration proceedings. Lawyers say the families were taken to Alexandria, Louisiana, a three hour drive from New Orleans, where they were prevented from communicating with their family members and legal representatives and then put on a flight to Honduras.


The cases have renewed concerns that the Trump administration's expedited deportations are violating the due process rights of both citizens and non-citizens. And then they go on to quote a bunch of lefties saying that Trump's an awful human being. This is the typical pattern here with the Washington Post. Now, what is actually going on? These children, US citizens are not being deported. Their parents are taking them. The parents are being deported. That's it. And so the parents have a decision to make, do I take the children with me, keep my family together, or do I leave them with someone else here in the United States?


And they've made that decision. They're taking these kids with them so that the children are not being deported. They're being brought along by the parents. The pa if anyone's moving them from country to country, it's the parents. That's what's happening here. And then of course, Trump is being blamed for some sort of cruelty. Now you have over the weekend here, this as the media tried to turn this into a scandal, they were trying desperately to turn this into a scandal. Luckily, you've got great Trump administration officials who fanned out to point out how ridiculous all of this is, is they were asked on the stupid Sunday shows about this. Here's cut one Secretary of State, Marco Rubio asked on Meet the press about why are you deporting American citizens?


Take a look. Okay, Three U US citizens ages four, seven, and two, were not deported. Their mothers who are legally in this country were deported. The children went with their mothers, their, those children are US citizens. Yeah, they can come back into the United States if there's their father or someone here who wants to assume them. But ultimately, who was deported was their mother, who was their mothers who were here illegally. The children just went with their mothers. But it, it wasn't like, I, you guys make it sound like ice agents kicked down the door and grabbed the 2-year-old and threw 'em on an airplane. That's misleading. Yeah. That's just not true. Just To be clear. 'cause I I do wanna get to the overall just clear at the State Department, is it the US policy to deport children, even us citizens with their families?


And I hear what you're saying, without due process, he said No. No. Just to be very clear there. Well, no, no, no, no, no. Again, if someone's in this country unlawfully illegally, that person gets deported. If that person is where a 2-year-old child or has a 2-year-old child and says, I want to take my child with you, with me, well then what? You have two choices. You can say, yes, of course you can take your child whether they're a citizen or not, because it's your child. Or you can say, yes, you can go, but your child must stay behind. And then your headlines would read us holding hostage, 2-year-old, 4-year-old, 7-year-old while mother deported. Yeah. So the mother, the parents make that choice. I imagine those Three U US citizen children have fathers here in the United States. Yeah. They can stay with their father. That's up to their family to decide where the children go.


Children go with their parents, parents decide where their children go, right? The US deported their mothers who were illegally in America. That's the critical element. So every time you see a lie, like the one that the Washington Post published this weekend, that these children were deported, you see all of that Three U US citizens, children swiftly deported. That is a lie. The parent chose to take those kids with her. That's what happened. Now, let me obviously stipulate in the midst of all of this that I don't, I don't know all the parenting arrangements here, and if everybody's an illegal alien, but if everybody in the family's an illegal alien, their kids should not be US citizens.


This, this is not the way US citizenship should just be conferred on people who break our laws, then have a baby in the United States. And then, You know, presto change. Now you have an American citizen in the family. I don't think So. I don't think so. That's, that's not how it should work. President Trump is trying very fervently to fix that particular insanity that's been going on in our country for far too long. And, and, But that said, the kids are US citizens. It's up to the parent. The parents are bringing 'em with 'em, the parents are bringing 'em with him. And Marco Rubio correctly points out, it doesn't even matter how this story goes, just by enforcing our immigration laws, the media will accuse President Trump of doing something scandalous. So either the kids have been deported, which is a lie, or the families are being separated, is the claim.


And if anybody separates the families, it's the families. That's what they're doing. Now, Tom Holman called this out as to the border are he was on Face the Nation, and they tried to make it a scandal with him. And I just don't recommend that with Tom Holman. Here's cut two Tom Holman On Friday, a federal judge who was appointed by President Trump said a 2-year-old American citizen child had been sent to Honduras with a mother who was deported. But the judge said, quote, there was no meaningful process. So again, this is another similar situation and dynamic. Shouldn't there be special care when these deportation cases involve pause, small American born children.


Let's pause this. So why is she, can we pause it without going away from the frame like that? I Why is she dressed like the Joker? That's what I wanted to know. She's dressed in a purple joker suit. Maybe, maybe she is a joker. Maybe that's what it is. She's dressed Margaret Brennan is dressed like the joker this weekend on, on CBS asking these ridiculous questions. I'm sorry. Continue. Please. There was no meaningful process. So again, this is another similar situation and dynamic. Shouldn't there be special care when these deportation cases involve small American born children?


Well, first of all, I disagree with the judge. It was due process that female had due process at great taxpayer expense. Yeah. And was ordered by the immigration judge after those hearings. So she had due process. Again, this is parenting 1 0 1. If you can decide to take that child with you, or you can decide to leave a child here with a relative or another spouse, having a U assistant child doesn't make you immune from our laws of the country. American families get separated every day by law enforcement. Thousands of times a day when a parent gets put in a jail, the child can't go with them. These, if you're an illegal enemy come to this country and you decide to have citizen child that's on you. You put yourself in that position. Yeah, you did that.


You did that. This is parenting 1 0 1. Every parent who goes to prison gets separated from their kids. So it's kind of on you. You break our laws, you face the consequences. And look, Holman is a, he is a great communicator, isn't he? He's been really clear about this from the very beginning, even before this Trump administration arrived, Holman was asked about this, like, what are you gonna do? Are you gonna separate families? Is that what you're gonna do? Are you gonna separate families? Remember what Holman said? Tom Holman said, this was in the, the intervening phase between the election and inauguration day. Remember this? Is there a way to carry out mass deportation without separating families?


Of course there is. Families can be deported together. Of course there is. Families can be deported together. And in fact, it's even simpler than that. You just deport the parents and then the parents make a decision. We'll bring the kids, we'll bring the kids, which is what they've done now. It's a scandal. It's a scandal. Again, I I do have to tell you, isn't it nice how ridiculous the scandals are? The more ridiculous they are, the more obvious it is that things are going well. Like if the, if the press can't find a real scandal to get its arms around, so they have to make up stupid ones like this kind of a ratification that things are going really well, isn't it?


I'm, I'm digging the first a hundred days. I can't wait for the next a hundred more in a moment on everything that's going on with this Trump administration and this and this wild border story, which just gets better with each passing day. Looking forward to that.


I gotta thank our sponsors. That includes BrickHouse Nutrition Fellows. You put Brickhouse up there for me, would you? I wanna, I wanna share the notes on these guys because they're awesome. And they have a great product that's called Lean, lean, which helps you control your weight and your cravings and everything else. You know, yo-yo Dieters know this. You should know this. You diet and you lose weight, and then you gain it all back plus a few extra pounds. This is dangerous. Studies show that it can actually increase your risk of heart attack, stroke type two diabetes and all sorts of other health problems breaking free of your yo-yo diet pattern. It's a main reason that doctors created Lean. Now Lean is a supplement. It's not an injection or anything. You don't need a prescription. The science behind Lean is very impressive. It's got studied natural ingredients that actually target weight loss in three really powerful ways. Lean helps you maintain healthy blood sugar. It helps you control your appetite and your cravings, And it helps burn fat by converting that fat into energy. Listen, I'm such a big believer in Lean, I've been giving it to family members so they can use it. They love it. And listen, if you're tired of losing weight and gaining it back, lean was created for you. So let me get you started with 20% off. Enter the code VINCE twenty@takelean.com. That's code VINCE twenty@takelean.com. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. And it's not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider. Okay?


Like I said, you know, we talked last week about, You know, what was coming from with Christina, the DHS secretary. And she gave us a little bit of a tea, a taste tease on the mass deportations, which we saw some this weekend. 800 people rounded up in the Miami era area down there in Florida. Wonderful news, wonderful news, lots of criminals, violent people have been taken off of our streets, sent off to El Salvador. Love that. Another piece that I wanna focus on though is what we talked about last week. I told you, I think it was Thursday or so, or Wednesday of last week. We were talking about kind of the people, the critics who have been trying to attack Dan Bonino and Cash Patel and the FBI suggesting that from the right, saying that, oh, they failed us.


They haven't made enough arrests, they haven't gotten enough, all these people yet. And I remember last week, I was just telling people, Hey, like, slow your role. Let these guys work. Let 'em cook, let 'em cook. But I, I told you what was coming were two things in particular that I was aware of. One is that the FB i's gonna be doing a lot more related to the Chinese Communist Party. And we're gonna see, I think, some of that coming up soon. But the other thing I mentioned is public corruption, that there would be public corruption arrests coming up soon. And that feature, well, I didn't even realize how quickly that was gonna take place. That happened instantly last week as we were discussing on Friday, we saw two judges placed under arrest for obstructing illegal immigration laws and for just violating laws, federal laws here in the United States of America.


And it's created a, a, a, a mass reaction by the media. They can't believe that President Trump and his administration are now arresting judges. Now, these judges have earned it, as You know, these judges have definitely earned it. And we already, this morning at the White House, they were talking about this. Peter Ducey had asked, Hey, hey, are we gonna see more of these arrests? And and rightfully Caroline Levitt responded with, Hey, look, I'm not gonna get into hypotheticals here. I'm just telling you that the Department of Justice is gonna enforce the law. And If you are actively, in the case of this Judge Dugan character, if you're actively obstructing justice, forcing federal law enforcement to go to one room while you're smuggling an illegal alien out the back door, yeah, baby, you're gonna get arrested for that.


That's actually gonna happen. You're gonna be held accountable for breaking the law. And so this is, this is, this is a great development. It means we're gonna, we're getting a lot more in terms of that accountability that you and I have been looking for. Let me just dog ear one other thing. Last week, at the end of the week, president Trump announced that he's calling for a full scale investigation by the Justice Department into Act Blue. That is the financial engine of the chaotic left that has created so much of this chaos all across the country. The president ordering an investigation by the Justice Department into that, that's a huge deal. It has every, it has all sorts of implications for the rioting, the terrorism, the, the election meddling, the phony donations that, that have been pouring into the left foreign donations, straw donors.


It is the left's economic engine. This act blue. So President Trump has announced a, a big investigation into this by the Justice Department. That is a massive, massive thing. And ActBlue specifically, remember both Trump assassins, both of the would be Trump assassins, were ActBlue donors, both of them. So this is, I think we're getting right to the epicenter here, right to the heart of this left wing universe. You know, when we say follow the money, this is it. And President Trump ordering a full scale investigation by the Justice Department into the money here. So this is a massive, massive piece of information. So again, dog ear that hold onto that story because we're gonna get back to it.


We're gonna talk more about it, especially as we get more discoveries about that. But back to this Judge Dugan now and what's going on. So Judge Dugan last week gets busted for smuggling an illegal alien out the back of her courthouse. And the name of this illegal alien is a, is a fellow called Eduardo Flores Ruiz. And just to be clear, this is a guy who is stands accused of violent assault. This is not some, You know, sweet little innocent, illegal alien. The only, the only crime he committed was trying to make a better life for himself. No, he's a violent, illegal here in the United States of America. And take a look at cut five local media describing what this guy, Eduardo stands accused of and what was actually happening in the court that day.


Two of the roommates who spoke with me today, but didn't wanna show their faces, they say they were in court as victims last Friday. They say they heard Judge Dugan instruct Flore Ruiz and his lawyer to go to a certain door and said that they needed to speak with ice. You heard her say that Eduardo needed to go speak with ice. Yes, they did. Yeah. Okay. Once Flores Ries went to the door, they say they never saw him again. Say they saw his lawyer later crying. The criminal complaint states, he hit one of them 30 times later, grabbing him by the throat.


It states for about six seconds while punching with his offhand, the pair went to the hospital as well, showing us pictures of one of them in a hospital bed today. And James, they, they told you they were actually scared of retaliation. One of the reasons, Derek, why they didn't wanna show their faces. They say this afternoon, they're scared to leave their home because of retaliation from Eduardo Flores Ruiz and his friends, Investigator, reporter James Stratton in the newsroom for us. All right, so the victims are in the courtroom describing the horrific injuries that they've sustained from this illegal alien. And they, they wanna share the story, but they said, we're gonna try to remain anonymous here. Now, I don't know how much that's actually gonna help them, given that, my guess is that the suspect knows who they are anyway, but they try to remain anonymous there because they don't want retaliation from the suspect or anybody else around him, because that's how dangerous and violent he is.


And that's the guy who the judge just smuggled out of the courtroom to try and evade federal law enforcement. So a, a judge here in the United States is acting against the interests of the people of her community by allowing a violent criminal to be put back on the streets. In fact, she aided and abetted him, which is of course why she ended up a handcuffs him with charges from federal authorities that actually happened. Now that has not stopped the left from attempting to mount a defense of her. There's quite a, that going on. There is a, there's a fellow called David Brooks who is on TV this weekend. He's a political commentator.


Here's cut four. And he's saying that the judge is Judge Dugan's behavior was this, is disgraceful, was heroic. Take a look. Well, obviously they're trying to send a, a note of intimidation, not only to her, but to all judges and maybe to all Americans. But I, I don't, I don't yet know the specific details of this case, whether she escorted the guy out the jury door or whether she's let him, or it's, so that's all Mer. I don't wanna, he doesn't know comment on this specific case, but especially on the issue of immigration, there are a lot of people who are appalled by what the administration is doing. And there will be times for civil disobedience. And to me, if she, let's say she did escort this guy out the door, if a, if federal enforcement agencies come to your courtroom and you help a guy escape, that is two things.


One, it strikes me as maybe something illegal, but it also strikes me as something heroic. And in times of trouble then people are sometimes called to do civil disobedience. And in my view, when people do civil disobedience, they, they have to pay the price. That's part of the heroism of it, frankly. Hmm. And so you can both think that she shouldn't have legally done this and that morally protecting somebody against, maybe not even in this case, but in other cases, frankly, a predatory enforcement agency. What, are you kidding me? You hearing this idiot? Now, did David Brooks ever mount a defense of January 6th defendants on this basis? Yeah. Well, it was a little civil disobedience, but their cause was heroic.


They wanted to preserve the country. They wanted to make sure that elections were credible. So in that sense, You know, you really gotta hand it to them here. That's just a, just a little bit of light civil disobedience. This is madness. This guy is a violent assaulter. He's here in the United States of America. His victims are sitting in the courtroom, one of 'em being strangled and punched by him repeatedly over and over and over again. And, and David Brooks, who spent no time looking at the details of the case, or at least based on, on his own claim, he said he is like, look, I don't really know the details, but I can say as I think about this Judge Dugan, what I can help but think is hero. She's a hero.


Yeah. It's a little, yeah, little civil disobedience. Sure, maybe it was illegal, but it was worth it because she's standing for a noer purpose. Are you serious right now? What noble or purpose is she standing for? She's a judge who has taken an oath to uphold the law and to protect the citizens of her community that would be American citizens in her community. And here she's screwing them over and here you are, rooting her on culinary hero. What's wrong with you? And then that guy works for the New York Times, New York, New York Times calling this David Brooks. Not rooting for America. Rooting against it, actually.


So that's a, that's insanity. And of course, so the media and, and so if he really didn't look at any of the details of this case, I wouldn't be surprised if he didn't. Doesn't that tell you everything? That our media are reflexively on the side of the people who are hurting American citizens. They don't care what the details are. I'll instantly take that, that guy's side. I'll instantly take the judge's side who helped smuggle him outta that courtroom. That's crazy. That's cr disgraceful is what it is. And as I always say, it's not shocking, but it is appalling.


I wanna thank our sponsors, the, the people who keep this business operating. Thank you to fast growing trees. Fast growing trees. It's the biggest online nursery in the whole country in the United States with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers. They've got all the plants that your yard needs, like fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs so much more, whatever plants you're interested in. Fast growing trees really has you covered. Order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days. Their alive and thrive guarantee ensures that your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape. I've mentioned it a couple times and I, but I still get messages, You know, when I'm from, from this, they're like, Hey, what was the tree you said you got from fast growing trees? Or people straight up ask like, where do you get your trees from again? It's fast-growing trees. And I got a red bud tree, an eastern red bud. But the nice thing about fast growing trees is you can check out your zone. You should know what zone you're in and what plants are gonna grow. Well, there, the, the, the whole website helps you. It's really, really easy. And in fact, I've got, I just, I'm working on my backyard right now, the, the, the perimeter of my yard. And I want to add some more plants around the yard. So I'm gonna be all over fast growing trees, picking up things I'd like to add. You should do it too. This spring they've got the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals. And listeners and viewers of this program get 15% off your purchase when you use the code VINCE at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at fast-growing trees.com. Use the code VINCE at checkout. Now's the perfect time to plant Offer is valid for a limited time. Terms and conditions may apply. Go to fast-growing trees.com for details.


Yes, indeed. And I, well I, what's, what's a, a sponsor break without mentioning Jacked Up Fitness. I am, I'm, I'm so over the moon about jacked up fitness. I and I want you to be too. It's great. Hey, major. I'll get to you in a moment. Buddy. Major's, major's in here. He's making noise. He doesn't make a lot of noise, but he makes some noise. With the Maha movement in full force, I'm inspired to make my own health and fitness a priority again. I have been, and this is why I'm really excited to be working with Don and the team at Jacked Up Fitness, which is really an amazing American company. They're commercial grade Power Rack Pro has it all. I love it. I get a full body workout from home every day that has a cable crossover system, an integrated 200 pound weight stack, a Smith machine that lets me do hundreds of exercises. Basically everything that you can do at the gym. My wife and I love the Power Rack Pro. My my 10-year-old loves it. My, my parents have been staying with me. My Marine Corps general father, we worked out yesterday this morning, I mean, not yesterday morning together. It was a, it was a pool day, it was a pool day, a little bit back and bys. It was a great day. It was awesome actually. So having a badass all in one Power Rack Pro right here in the house, it's a game changer for my family. And I'm super excited about their Get Jacked Up program too. They've got full body video workouts led by celebrity trainers, Kim Lyons and Clark Bartram. Just press play and then follow along. It's great. Especially if you're just getting started. So listen, I've been doing this. You should do it. Do let's do it together. Go to get jacked up.com, sign up to access the program right now for free. And when you're ready to order your Power Rack Pro, save 10% by using my promo code. VINCE, no more excuses, it's gonna be epic. Go to get jacked up.com. Yeah, baby. Get jacked up.


Actually, while we were working out yesterday, major was, let's see, major was hanging out with us. He was a good gym dog yesterday for us. He's a good boy. He's a great boy. Anyway, he hung out with us at the gym yesterday. That's, that's the story. That's the whole story. And, and he was good. Although it's when you're on the floor, when you're doing stuff on the, with the, with the Power Rack Pro, in order to do seated rows, there's a, you can kind of, you can sit on the floor and then you can, You know, pull back the cable from the machine. And the, the lower you get to the floor, the more likely it is that the dog is gonna stick his tongue directly in your face while you're doing it.


So that, we had that going on yesterday. So it was kind of an obstacle course as we were, as we were doing the, the power rack pro yesterday. Holy cow. We got a lot of major emojis in here. My daughter had spring break last week, so she got to watch the live chat while you guys were doing this. She loved the major emojis. She's a huge fan of the major emojis, so thank you for that. Yeah. Major motivation. That's right. He was, he was there. The dogs are great, aren't they? The dogs are wonderful. Okay, what else do I have for you? I've got, well, I've got the, the, what am I checking? Justin is cool, says Dr. Edwards. And it apparently that's now the pinned message.


I'm, I'm gonna presume there was no conflict of interest in whoever decided to pin that message. It was a super objective decision to put, Justin is cool as the pinned message on today's chat. So there you go. There's Justin. Find him on X by the way, Justin, you can add your X up there If you want. Justin's got all sorts of opinions and he shares them on social media. I was just talking to Justin this morning ahead of the show, as I often do, about how we need to abolish the TSA. Does anybody else agree with me on this? We have to get rid of the Transportation Security administration. It is the dumbest agency that's literally designed to condition Americans into accepting humiliating rituals of subservience to the government.


Get rid of the TSA, let's just abolish it entirely. In fact, the TSA now, now you got me going, Justin. The TSA is, is a complete failure. You go back, let me, let me show you something real quick. 2017, look at this report. TSA fails most tests in latest undercover operation at US airports. So this agency and Avita, I know Avita was talking about it this morning 'cause she just had to go through this. She would, she came to Washington, DC last week to go to the White House, and then she, she comes right back and she has to go through this humiliating ritual with TSA, which doesn't actually catch anything.


All it does is just treat Americans like crap and slow down your travel. And they say all they do is fail their tests. And apparently all the way through to this year, it's still the same exact thing. In recent undercover tests of multiple airport security checkpoints by the Department of Homeland Security inspectors say that screeners their equipment or their procedures fail more than half the time, according to a source, familiar with a classified report. When a BC News asked the source, if the failure rate was 80%, the response was, you are in the ballpark. You know what that means? That they're failing. That means that when they test these guys, when they put weapons and contraband through the security screening procedure on purpose, in order for it to be caught, they're missing it.


They're missing it. Now that doesn't stop them from cracking open your carry on and rifle and through your underwear and then asking you to stand there while you're trying to figure out whether or not you're gonna make your gate on time. It doesn't stop that. It doesn't stop them from patting down grandmothers. It doesn't stop them from putting you in the naked scanner. It doesn't stop them from scanning your face every time you come to the airport. You know, that keeps happening. Taking your shoes off, taking your belt off, taking your jacket off, taking every single thing you own out out of a bag and then, and stuffing it into individual trays. It doesn't stop them from doing any of that. Why are we getting to the airport two hours early? What is the point of that? How much lost productivity have we had as a country by forcing some of the most productive people in that country to spend all their time doing security theater that doesn't actually catch anything.


It just treats you like garbage. What are we doing? What if we just, here's a crazy idea. Lock the cockpit door. What if we did that? Wild, wild. And now you can't carry liquids. I know that's been going on for a while, is that's because one guy tried to blow up his underwear and he failed. So the rest of us don't get to carry liquid forever. So I'm thought, I'm sorry, I I I don't wanna live in the world where terrorists get to dictate the way the rest of us live forever. I thought the whole point was we go after them directly instead of treating Americans like garbage yet. Hmm. That's strange. Every time we get some sort of horrific terror attack, it's American citizens who bear the brunt of it, the way the government responds to it.


The, the entire Patriot Act is an expression in trampling all over your civil liberties. Anyway, sorry. Just wanted to take a, a brief detour to say that the TSA desperately needs to be abolished. It's a jobs program for grumpy people who hate their jobs and aren't good at them. What are we doing? What are we doing? So there you go. Let's get rid of TSA and people are like, and, and, You know, and of course, you know what'll happen if we get rid, if p if President Trump came out tomorrow, which he should, he should come out today. He should sign an executive order saying they're collapsing. TSA, everyone will go crazy. They'll go apoplectic. Oh no. Oh no. Everything's gonna become unsafe. Now Come on, when do we have to become so reliant on some distant strange force to try and protect us?


And they're failing at that job. Come on. How about, you know, learn to protect yourself. This audience knows how to protect itself. I know that. So, garbage. Garbage. All right, let's see here. I've got, yeah, I've got a, a lot of stuff going on. Oh, that Judge Dugan? Yeah. In case you missed it on Friday, Pam Bonde, the Attorney general was talking about this Wisconsin judge, the one who was smuggling the illegal alien outta the courtroom. And she described in some detail how insane all of this was. Take a look. Cut seven. Here's Attorney General Pam Bondy describing the insanity of the courthouse scene.


Rare for victims to wanna cooperate. They wanted to cooperate. They were sitting in the courtroom with the state prosecutor. The judge learns that ice was outside to get the guy, 'cause he had been deported in 2013. Came back in our country, commits these crimes charged with committing these crimes victims in court. Judge finds out, she goes out in the hallway, screams at the immigration officers, she's furious, visibly shaken, upset, sends them off to talk to the chief judge. She comes back in the courtroom. You're not gonna believe this takes the defendant and the defense attorney back in her chambers, takes them outta private exit and tells them to leave while a state prosecutor and victims of domestic violence are sitting in the courtroom.


Wow. I mean, again, is it, can it get more obvious than that? Can it get more obvious than that? Now, this is not the first time a judge has been arrested and charged for doing this. In fact, in the first Trump administration, there was a judge who smuggled a defendant, an illegal alien defendant out of the courtroom to avoid ice enforcement. And so a, the US attorney under President Trump slapped charges on this judge. And then as the case continued over the years, that ensued, guess what happened when Joe Biden came into office? Well, the Biden administration dropped all the charges against this judge. And so, You know, let me, let me just make a recommendation to the Justice Department.


Move quickly, move with all the haste you can possibly muster as you're prosecuting these judges. And please keep the arrests coming. Any government official who's broken the law passed present. And of course, when it happens in the future, arrest these guys. We need these consequences. I'm begging you, I'm pleading with you for this to continue and I'm super happy to see it. And I can't wait to see more. I can't wait to see more and, You know, really make an example out of these people. That's the key. Another piece of what happened this past week that I gave you some perspective on, when I was talking to Christie Noam, the DHS secretary last week, I asked her about being robbed at a DC restaurant and how her purse was stolen.


You saw this, right? Her purse gets stolen. Valuable purse. It was a, I think a, some of the websites had a thing on it. The New York post, the Daily Mail. This was like a, I think it was like a $4,000 Gucci bag. And she had something like $3,000 in cash in it. She had all sorts of identification on her that, You know, her passport, her id, her her DHS security badge, everything inside of this bag. And when we talked to Christie Nome, she, first of all that interview that I had with the DHS secretary, it blew up all over the media. People were waiting for the DHS secretary to weigh in on this subject. Hey, what happened to you? And the press began covering our interview right here on, on VINCE.


And in fact, here's a for instance, the New York Post. I'll, I'll show you just some of the coverage. New York Post here, lemme get rid of that. Says that Kristi Nome opens up about shocking moment thief hooked her Gucci bag away with $3,000 in it. And she said, quote, professionally done. And, and they described that she was telling this to the VINCE podcast and she wasn't sure whether she was targeted because of her role as DHS boss, or it was merely because she was a woman with a purse, which I asked her about. Take a look here, I wanna show you some of the, the scene or the, the statement from Christie Nome last week, how this robbery was in her words, professionally done.


Cut six. Here's Christie Nome, a restaurant. Yes. And someone swiped your purse. Yes. Who was in a covid mask, by the way, That tells you everything. That's right. That tells you, Did you ever get the purse back? No, I didn't. It was kind of shocking actually. 'cause it was sitting right by my feet. Yes, it was. I actually felt my purse. He hooked it with his foot and drug it a few steps away and dropped a coat over it and took it. But, You know, I felt it, but I thought it was my grandkids kicking me in the legs. But that it was very professionally done. And I think that is, yes, the theft was, And it tells me that this happens all the time to people and that they live in communities where this is a danger And it reaffirms why I'm here.


This was very professionally done, very professionally done. Now I don know about you, But that stood out to me when I heard that. Well, wait a second. That's, that is in part what led me to believe them. Wait a second, this person's targeting you because you're the DHS secretary. But she was giving us some breadcrumbs there that the investigation, the government was already undertaking, believed that the robber was a professional. And we have since learned that yes, indeed, he was in part, he was a, a part of a, a robbery ring that does this quite a bit. And in fact, here is the update from the New York Post. As a result of our conversation, masked illegal immigrant who allegedly stole Christie no's Gucci bag containing $3,000 in cash and passport arrested according to federal government sources.


Since confirmed by the Trump administration, an illegal alien was arrested Saturday for stealing DHS Secretary Christie no's pricey Gucci bag containing 3000 bucks in cash and other personal items. And a second migrant suspect is still on the loose according to those sources, no, 53 was at an Easter outing with her family at a restaurant called the Capitol Burger in Washington. The thief steals the shoulder bag, the luxury shoulder bag, any container driver's license or passport or DHS badge, her apartment keys. That was all on April 20th. The suspect was then busted later by DC Metro Police. And the Secret Service, which protects by the way, Christie Nome, the perp is believed to be a part of a large East coast robbery crew and is expected to appear in court early this week as law enforcement are hunting for his accomplice officials are also looking for a second suspect who's also reportedly an illegal alien.


DCUS attorney, ed Martin noted it is unlikely that she was targeted based on the fact that she's the DHS secretary quote. There is no indication it was because of that Ed Martin told NBC news. Let me pause to emphasize something. Ed Martin is a great American Ed Martin is exactly the man you want as US attorney for dc He replaced an awful human being called Matthew Graves. Matthew Graves is the US attorney who led almost all of the prosecutions against the January 6th defendants. He was a part of crushing the lives of people who voted for Trump and he didn't. And then meanwhile, he didn't enforce laws in dc.


So an unusual situation for the wi for the District of Columbia, because it's the nation's capitol, the US attorney for the district is responsible for prosecuting local crimes. So when Capitol Police or DC Metro Police, when they cuff somebody in the district, you are being prosecuted by the US Attorney's Office in the District of Columbia. That's the, that's the unusual arrangement. Most of the time, US attorneys don't handle what we would refer to as like local crimes or state crimes. Those are handled, handled by state's attorneys here in DC It's the US attorney that handles that. Here's the problem though, when they were arresting people, when cops were cuffing people in the district, Matthew Graves was not prosecuting 70% of all arrests.


So people would have handcuffs placed on them. These cops would put their lives on the line to try and enforce the laws. And the left wing disgusting US attorney was spending all of his time crushing Trump supporters and none of his time going after actual criminals. That was actually happening. And now we've got Ed Martin in as the US attorney for dc It is a massive seed change. So when you watch a crime like this take place where you've got a professional robbery ring composed of illegal aliens, straight up robbed the DHS secretary, as Tom Allman said today, they picked the wrong target, they picked the wrong target, and they've got this guy in custody. And surprise, surprise, how often are you gonna find something out like this?


It's another illegal alien. What does the media tell us about this stuff? Oh, they don't commit crimes. They, they use this stupid phrasing. Oh, immigrants don't commit crimes as often as American citizens. What the hell is wrong with you? First of all, what kind of excuses? You know, who really sucks Americans? What an idiotic retort. And then of course, this, that's another crime that would not have been committed if Joe Biden didn't let him in the country. And so the DHS secretary yourself is being robbed by illegal alien crime rings. And now we're uncorking that. Now I, here's what I'm hoping, I'm hoping that this guy sings like a songbird.


That he gives them everything. That they just drill this guy and they get every piece of information out of him that they can, and that they arrest every last person who touches this crime ring and, and gets them out of our country. Send 'em to El Salvador, baby. Just get 'em out. Send the message. So a, a good ending to this story that that purse snatcher was caught And it turns out yet another illegal alien. And yet another expression of the left betrayal of you, this guy should never have been in the country. That would've never happened. And so to the extent, look, you measure your society based on how much trust you can have in it, don't you? You know, can, can your kids go outside your house, ride their bikes in the neighborhood?


Can they do that? Can you leave your door unlocked If you wanted to? Is that even possible? You know, what is, what is your life like now versus what did it used to be like? And increasingly, for far too many Americans, we are living in a, in a higher and higher distrustful society because of what the left has done. They've sewn chaos in our communities. Creating an environment where neighbors don't even know each other. A lot of neighbors, You know, in, in, in some cities, in some suburbs outside of Washington, DC is definitely true. Neighbors who don't even speak the same language as one another. What does that do to your ability to have some commonality to trust one another? It diminishes it.


It's a, it's a tower of Babel effect. Can't even communicate. You can't even start, you can't even get past the starting blocks. So the left has done this to our country. And when you have to live in a world where you're keeping your purse close to your feet to try and hold onto it, and they're still pickpocketing you, there's still robbing you inside of a DC restaurant inside of the nation's capital. Well, that's the low trust society that the left has built for us. And that's gotta end. If we can turn that around the Trump administration desperately trying to do that, that's what we need to do. You wanna have a community where your kid can go out and ride that bike. You wanna have a community where You know your family can be safe. If you decide to leave those doors unlocked to leave the door open, get some fresh air coming through the screen.


That's all people want. And that's what we need. What am I looking at here? What is this on the, what is this on the screen? What the hell is wrong with you? Is that, what is that? Is that something I said earlier? Yeah, you just said it. Did I just say that? What the hell is wrong? What the hell is wrong with you? Yeah. Oh, I, I definitely feel like that. These people drive me crazy. They drive you guys crazy. Okay, so we've got 100 days, 100 days for of the Trump administration. There's some dispute. I talked to Alex Pfeiffer last week about this. He's like, it's on the 29th. I was like, I'm pretty sure it's on the 30th. Yeah, but we're counting the half day of the inauguration. So it's officially on the 29th, whatever.


I don't care either way. I'm looking forward to the next a hundred days. I'm really enjoying this the first 100 days. So we, we, we covered, let me, lemme just go over some of the list here. 'cause I was talking about some of this with my colleagues at WMAL in Washington. You guys know Chris Plant? Larry O'Connor, Patrice on wca, Julie Gunlock, Mercedes SCH slapp. We did a, we just did a, for WMAL last night we did a, an event at a, a great venue in Alexandria, Virginia called the Birchmere. We do it every year there. It's a, it's a great music venue, but once a year we get all these radio hosts together and we all joined together on stage and we were talking about what's going on. And by the way, I didn't bother telling you about it 'cause it was sold out months ago when they, they first listed it.


But we did this last night. And one of the core questions is what do, what did you think the biggest victories of the first a hundred days are? What would you, what would you say is the biggest victory of the first 100 days? And the obvious one, I think that screams at us is the border. The border is the, the, just the absolute biggest one to go from wide open, like people being accelerated into the United States to locked down. And then we are now, there are more illegals leaving the country every day than coming in. We have a net decline in illegal aliens. Massive, massive victory. So that is up there. Number one. Here's another one that I think is really big. Defunding the left's, slush funds, defunding.


You guys remember what happened when they defunded, U-S-A-I-D-U-S-A-I-D is an agency that almost nobody has spent any time thinking about. Americans are aware it exists, but to the extent that most people spend any time thinking about it at all, practically non-existent. The left spends a lot of time thinking about U-S-A-I-D. The reason for that is because they keep robbing you and then dumping that money into these agencies that are stealing it to enrich their friends and advance the most demented policies both here domestically and across the, across the planet. And so the Trump administration goes in, they defund U-S-A-I-D, they're doing it right outta the colleges, defunding these federal, federally funded universities, Harvard and all of them who have been stealing from you.


And then just indoctrinating the people who go to those institutions. He's defunding all of these operations. And the left's panic has risen astronomically. There's an inverse relationship between federal funding and left-wing hysteria. When federal funding goes down, left-wing hysteria goes up, and you saw it out of u outside of U-S-A-I-D, right after they defunded that operation, which has been involved in regime change and transgender comic books in Peru and Sesame Street in Iraq. Once they defunded that, the left screeching reached unbelievable decibels. You had democrat members of Congress who were storming into buildings and demanding answers and justice.


It's insane. There've got a hundred thousand Americans who die every year in this country due to drug overdoses. Never once have they mounted a valiant defense of the American citizen who's suffering under the weight of that scourge. But you go after U-S-A-I-D baby, they're gonna freak. And they did. So that's a big one. I love what he's doing to defund the slush funds. And I, I love what he is doing with the economy. I love that he's forcing people to the table. This trade, this trade stuff, the trade war that we've been on, the receiving end and never fighting back on President Trump defending us in the trade war, trying to fight to bring people to the table. Love seeing that in these first a hundred days.


And now, I also love candidly accountability. These guys that are working inside of our justice department, inside of the FBI who've taken some time, they've been deliberative. They're looking at these guys, they're trying to figure out what they can do with them to hold them accountable. Especially the guys who've been just trampling all over our civil liberties. We're beginning to see the fruits of that right now. We're beginning everything from President Trump announcing this big investigation into Act blue. Trust me, I'm staying on that issue. We've got a lot to talk about there. And these judges being arrested, these federal officials being fired. We've seen FBI officials being suspended. I'm waiting with bated breath. I wanna see what happens next to these guys, the ones who've been suspended, who have just crapped all over the American people.


So those first a hundred days, they've been amazing. They've been the like very dense and very fruitful. It's the next a hundred days that now all of a sudden I'm so very excited for. I really am. And, and I'll keep, and I'll keep bringing you the, the, the news as it happens. And, and You know, we, like I said last week, I told you, Hey guys, hold on. We've got big news coming outta the FBI soon public corruption CCP in China. Just wait for it. And we're already starting to see the fruits of that. So I'll keep whatever I'm hearing, I'm gonna keep bringing you all these updates because why wouldn't I? It's the best damn audience in media. Hey, thanks again for joining me today on VINCE today, as always, 12 to three nationwide eastern.


I've got the VINCE Show. You can join me for the radio show there on rumble.com/ VINCE. You can get me there or your local radio station. And then of course, follow me on social media. I'll keep all the updates coming. We've got a lot to get to. We have a great country, don't we? Thanks again for joining me on this Monday edition of VINCE.