
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. All right, I'm gonna do this crazy thing today at the start of the show. And by crazy, I mean un crazy. Okay? I am going to give you both sides of an argument. I say crazy because unfortunately some on the other side of the partisan aisle and some on our side too. Don't ever wanna do this. I'm gonna give you both sides of an argument, the one exploding right now on X between Republican Congressman, Tom Massey, president Trump, and the MAGA audience. I'm gonna give you both sides of the argument. I'm gonna let you formulate your own opinion, but I'm gonna give you an honest take also on what I believe.


'cause I owe you an opinion too. 'cause at least for the next four days, this is an opinion show.


Today's show brought you by Beam. Go to shop beam.com/bonino. Use code bonino for 47% off your order.


This is a big deal. It has exploded on Twitter. It's about the CR continuing resolution. And I feel an obligation. I actually threw this in last minute to give you guys the facts so that you know what's going on. 'cause everybody's throwing around the term. That guy's a hypocrite. That guy's a fraud. That guy's a, we'll see. You guys can form your own opinions. By the way, thank you for your patience this week as we, this is four more shows left and everyone matters to me. So I really, really appreciate your patience dealing with me and the transition, the new studio and everything. Thank you so much.


Hey, they want you to believe Inflation's just an accident, but is it every time inflation spikes, your savings could shrink, your paycheck buys less, and just about everything from groceries to gasket's more expensive. But is this just a coincidence or is it Federal Reserve policy at work? You need to check out playing with Fire Money Banking and the Federal Reserve. It's a powerful new documentary from the Meas Institute. It examines how the Fed can manipulate money, fuel, economic crashes, and enrich the elites at the expense of everyday Americans. For decades, the Meas Institute's been calling out the dangers of reckless government spending and the fed's destructive policies warning about the 2008 crash and skyrocketing inflation. Long before the mainstream media admitted there was a problem. This is a must watch film. The establishment doesn't want you to see it. And right now, when you visit mees.org/barn Gino by May 31st, 2025, you can also claim a free copy of What's Government done to Our Money. A classic book exposing how government mismanagement and money could be robbing you of your financial freedom. Don't wait. Go to mees.org/bonino right now. M-I-S-E-S. Watch the film. Claim Your free book while Supplies last. That's mees.org/bonino.


Today's show also brought to you by My Patriot Supply. They're one of my first sponsors. They've been with me for a long time. There are a lot of people out there that take money from a lot of different companies. You can do your thing, but we've always done my hours and we've been very careful with the sponsors and we really appreciate my Patriot Supply. Use their products for emergency preparedness because it's better to have emergency preparedness products and not need them then to need them and not have 'em. Do not rely on people to bail you out in an emergency. An emergency is going to happen in your lifetime. They've done us a favor. My Patriot Supply is bringing back the emergency emergency preparedness bundle one last time. It has everything you need for ready to handle everything all in one spot. The three months of emergency food storage, water filtration, heirloom seeds, multivitamins, potassium, iodine, or anti radiation tablets. And best of all, you can save $300 on this exclusive bundle, but only while it lasts. Go to my patriot supply.com/bonino now. That's my Patriot supply.com/bonino. Don't wait. Be ready when the next crisis hits. And thank you, my Patriot Supply for standing with us all these years. We appreciate it.


All right, fellas, we get the bell today. I gotta, I gotta move this seat down a little bit. Don't you think it's like kind of weird? Is that better? Yeah, that feels a little bit better. Thank you for supporting Haley Carney's. Awesome, awesome launch last night. Nightly scroll with Haley Car, 6:00 PM live tonight. rumble.com/haley. H-A-Y-L-E-Y two Y's. Thank you all for giving her a follow and watching the show last night. Bonino Army, you guys are solid. You showed up in mass 10,000 streamers last night on our first show. That's huge. There's probably a top 50 streamer in the world. So you guys are terrific. Okay, on the Tom Massey, president Trump blow up today. Here's what's going on, and I'm gonna try to explain this as plainly as possible.


So we deal with, again, transactional politics. I'm a plus one minus one guy on the spreadsheet. I have defended Congressman Massey in the past. If you watch my shows, you know that in this case, in my humble opinion, I'm gonna throw that out there in the beginning. 'cause I owe it to you. I don't think he's correct. And here's why. They have this thing called the continuing resolution. Basically the reconciliation bill that Donald Trump is gonna be President Trump and the Republican Congress plans on using to do all kinds of wonderful things, secure the border, reinforce our military cut taxes, all of that stuff. That is not what this is. That reconciliation bill, the process has just begun. It's not even close to done.


I'll get to that in a second. 'cause it's gonna matter. This continuing resolution, which would continuing, continuing government spending effectively at its current levels, maybe a little more is yes, everybody agrees is not what we want, folks. It does very little to cut government spending. Everybody understands that. Nobody's lied about it. Everybody's saying this is not great. So you may be saying to yourself, okay, well Massey's, right? Massey's saying, we have to stop this right now. We are not spending this amount money on voting against it. The problem is, while that is a nice theory and a correct one, that we should slow down government spending dramatically before we go bankrupt.


Eventually you need a plan to enact it. It's like saying, you know what, listen, I wanna rush for 200 yards in this football game on Sunday, and you're the running back. That's a great plan and a laudable goal. And everybody thinks that's fantastic and they agree with it. The problem is you've got a broken ankle and you can't play. You can think that all you want, but it's not a realistic plan. So the problem I have with Massey's, not his, not his, I don't have a problem with his end goal. Let's cut government spending at all. He's correct. The problem are the, the problem is the mechanics of what he's trying to do requires actual oil and gears. And he doesn't have them.


He doesn't have the votes. You need a majority of the house of representative. He's by himself on the Republican side. He doesn't have the votes. In other words, there are Republicans out there who unfortunately have said, we're kicking this can down the road until we get to reconciliation. There's no votes. So you may say, well Dan, well at least we should take a stand. Okay, let me walk you through what happens. Then we quote, take a stand on this, on the cr, which is a bad bill. I get it. You don't need to tell me anywhere comment. I agree. There's no need to remind me that the levels of government spending are catastrophic.


I did about, I don't know, a 20 minute segment yesterday on my radio show, how we are going defacto bankrupt. You are correct. The problem is, I live in the world as it is. Not in the world as it should be. I said the same thing with the ouster of McCarthy. We need a plan. We need a plan for you to oust them without a plan. Made no sense. And then people beat me up and didn realize later on I was right. You need a plan. The problem with this plan is let's say every Republican right now, you, every Republican were to say, we are against this thing. There's too much government spending. Yes, unity. That's great. Awesome.


They're against it and they get a different bill. We have the numbers to get a different bill that dramatically cut spending. Great. Move it to the Senate. Then what happens? Eh, why is the bill gonna go down in the Senate? Because we don't have enough votes to overcome a filibuster. So Dan, what you're saying is the Democrats still have power to scuttle this thing. Yes. So if Massey scuttles this thing and say him and a couple other Republicans say no, the Democrats are gonna go to Speaker Johnson and and Senator th and say, Hey, we'll give you some votes. But we want this. That's exactly what's gonna happen. I'm not telling you it's fun, it's cool, it's awesome. I'm telling you, it sucks.


You are correct. Unfortunately, the world sucks Sometimes. The things about the world and politics suck. You've gotta deal with the suck and find a way to overcome the suck. So Dan, how do we overcome the suck? I'm glad you asked. Gee, am I driving people crazy with this? No, I'm not. That is the wrong answer, producer. Gee, folks in the chat, do you want me to leave this here? Is this boring? Yes or no Bot Gino, there is a plan. The way to get around Democrat obstacles is the reconciliation bill. Because if they use the reconciliation bill, which is not this bill, okay, thank you.


Gee is wrong again. Gee is wrong again. Yes. I just He is wrong. Wrong. He is totally wrong. I just walked out on the record. Sorry Everyone. I just wanted an on the record in the studio for the last time. That producer, gee is wrong. It's a long walk into the studio. I just burn calories. 'cause if there is a path to fixing this thing, the Reconciliation Bill uses a process called reconciliation. So if we can just get there and be patient and deal with a few more months of this crap bill with government spending, we don't need to overcome a filibuster in the Senate.


All we need is a majority using reconciliation where we can actually implement the Doge cuts. Oh Guys, although Gee's wrong again, it's on the record for his studio's. Great. In the old studio, we couldn't have done that 'cause it's so tight in there. But we couldn't move around. Yes, I did. I know. I do have to say on the record, I blame, gee, for the fungus. Last week I had a head cold and I blamed him. It was not him. It turned out to be allergies like bad.


I know. 'cause I got my blood work back. So apologies to producer. Gee, on a good note. It was not him who passed me. Whatever deadly virus I thought I had, I did not. But he's definitely wrong on this one. And that's why I don't agree. And I have defended Congressman Massey in the past. Just go back and watch the shows. I don't get emotional about these things. He has been amazing on the January 6th pipe bomber case. Incredible. He's wrong here. He's just, I'm sorry he's wrong. He doesn't have a tactical plan to cut spending. I just gave it to you. Get rid of this cr, deal with it for three more months. Move on to reconciliation and fight the fight there where you actually have the numbers. Does that make sense? Anybody disagree? If you think that, that I'm a toolbox and a jerk right now, and you're like, ah, that's just crazy, tell me in a chat I'm opening.


All I'm asking you is if you believe that, tell me what your plan is. Tell me what your plan is to get over the Senate filibuster. If you have it, I'd love to hear it. Everybody, you know, everybody can talk a big game. The problem is you have to have a plan to implement it on the field. Alright, moving on because I got a lot more to get to. He's like, you haven't even got to the show yet. I know President Trump does have a plan. He has laid out a hundred day agenda, which we're not finished with yet. That has been incredibly transformative. And I could make a strong case to you that at least in my lifetime following politics, I'm 50, been following politics 35 years, maybe a little less since about 15, 16 years old.


I've never seen anything like this. Folks, he said what he was going to do. We are going to stop illegal immigration at the border. Oh my gosh, look stopped. I mean, we could show you the numbers. I think we got a segment on this. So we do. We have a, we have a segment on this later in the show. The numbers are ridiculous. They've fallen off the face of the earth. He said, I'm going to do X and X happen. He said, I am going to do X on the economy. I'm going to bring back an onshore businesses into the United States. He's held a press conference once a week. Apple, Taiwan semiconductors, all bringing back business into the United States. I'm just telling you, you may not like it. Maybe that's not your thing. Maybe you want businesses offshore.


He said he was gonna do it and he did it. He has a plan. He said, I am going to disrupt and stop deep state weaponization of government. Look who he's appointed. I'm keeping myself out of it the few more days I have with you. Look who he's appointed. One of the people he appointed isn't even a Republican or wasn't Tulsi Gabbard. Tulsi Gabbard was not a Reus. You ran for president. As a Democrat. President Trump was so open to change. He said, I'm gonna point people outside of my partisan sphere, someone else, because I believe this person is a change agent. And look what happened.


Director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard on her ex or ex profile per president of the United States directive. I've revoked security clearances and barred access to classifying information for Tony Blinken, Jake Sullivan, Lisa Monaco, mark Za, norm Eisen, Letitia James, Alvin Bragg, Andy Weissman, along with the 51 signers of the infamous Hunter Biden disinformation letter. What do all of those people have in common? Let's go to the chat. Who gets it first? What do all of those people have in common? Go. Tulsi says John de salvo. Yeah, you're darn right John. What do they all have in common? Yes, they've all weaponized the government and been involved in using their positions for partisan intent.


That is exactly correct. Donald Trump has said, I am going to stop that. And he's doing it right now. You don't have to agree with it. This is kind of my issue. And I, and I'll say again to kind of just spill it back to Massey in case you think this is any way personal. I'm telling you, I've defended him before and will, if he turns out to be a plus one on other issues, terrific. I'm just telling you with this specific issue, this is a minus one. This is not for me. I want a plan. It is not emotional. It's passionate, but not emotional. Give me the plan. Donald Trump said, I'm running on this MAGA plan.


The MAGA plan is happening. All I'm asking for fair enough is, okay, you have an alternate vision. What is your plan? Oh, I don't have one. Oh, well that's not a plan. By the way. He was Joe Biden in a flashback here. You talk about weaponizing intelligence. For those people that are gonna attack, he was President Biden suggesting that the, the guy was duly elected president, president Donald Trump multiple times that he shouldn't get intel briefings. So please spare us the lectures on weaponizing government. We're trying to de weaponize government de weaponize government. It's unfortunate you don't see it the same way.


Check this out. Should Former President Trump still receive intelligence briefings? I think not. Why not? Because of his erratic behavior unrelated to the insurrection. I mean, you've called him an existential threat. You've called him dangerous. You've called him reckless. Yeah, I have. And I believe it. What's your worst fear if he continues to get these intelligence briefings? I'd rather not speculate out loud. I just think that there is no need for him to have that, that intelligence briefing. What value is giving him an intelligent briefing?


What impact does he have at all other than the fact he might slip and say something, He might slip and say something. Well slip and say something. This is from the king of, of, of, of slipping and saying something. Excuse me. Not the fungus. Definitely just a note. Not gee's fault. This one The talk back for, by the Way. Oh, I know. Thank you. Be able to talk back. Gee said I, I just fake cough. But gee wants me to get used to using that. It's only four more days, brother. It's only four more days. So four more. I'm not sure. I'm gonna get used to this cough button in four days. If we were here longer than four days, a couple weeks, I would start practicing with the talk button.


Can you guys hear that? See if I Pretty good. Yep. They, they can't hear it. Alright, good. That's pretty cool. But yeah, it's not gee's fault guys, I saw someone in the chat. Show me the plan. Tulsi Gabbard, DNI, Tulsi Gabbard and President Trump had a plan. If you were in any way involved in using your position for partisan intent and not for your, the, to defend the oath you swore to, to protect and defend the constitution of the United States, the state of New York for the local officials, if you were involved in that, I'm sorry. You do not get a security clearance for that kind of information. The fact that you can't handle that on the is your on the left is your problem.


There are people out there, people out there who can and don't plan on using their offices for partisan intent to go after their political enemies. Alright, we'll take a quick break and we'll get back to this. The Democrat messaging folks, the sea legs are still there. They just can't seem to get it together. I'm gonna show you this clip from John Stewart. This is, this is borderline ridiculous. This is one of those things you, when I first saw it, I really thought it was be, it was an, you know, an effort, a bad sarcasm. This is real. Trying to imagine what a, you know what a US media environment would look like with a bunch of liars in it. You don't have to imagine it. We're here now and one of my first sponsors when I started this journey is a company I believe in.


We, we read that one before. My Patriot Supply. We got the wrong one up. Yeah, it was my Patriot Supply. We just read that one, didn't we? Yeah, you guys got the wrong one. Well, there you go. We love my Patriot Supply too. You guys are fantastic, but that was the wrong one. Alright, there we go.


In a time we're standing for what's right is Paramount. There's a company out there that doesn't back down company that believes in American exceptionalism. Oh, I love this. The company Thin Blue Wine. Yeah. Good to see you guys. Thin Blue wine isn't just about making incredible award-winning wine. It's about making a difference. This veteran and retired police officer own winery proudly stands for pro-American, pro law enforcement, pro first responder and pro-military. They don't just talk the talk, they walk the walk. They donate to organizations that the support the families of fallen police officers and service members. And that's what matters. One of their top-notch wines earned 92 points on wine enthusiasts. Paula just tried 'em on the bottles. Thin blue wine sent over and she loved it. And here's the best part. You can invest in thin blue wine, own a piece of the company. It stands for the same values we believe in. Go to thin blue wine.com today to get 10% off using promo code bonino. It's a chance to support a company, support you, and be part of something bigger. Thin blue wine.com and use code Bonino for 10% off.


And our last sponsor today, oh, I can see something this, I'm gonna have to, you see Jasmine outside? Yeah, something definitely going on his studio. We love it. But I think, yeah, find out what was Justin? Find out what was up with that all. Hey,


you don't go out and buy a life jacket when the boats are, you can walk by, don't worry. The audience won't care. You can, you don't go out and buy a life. What? Oh, sorry. You don't go out and buy a life jacket when the boat's already sinking. You don't buy gold when the economy's already collapsed. Clearly others are heating this advice as gold hit all time highs in the first part of 2025. It's not too late for you two. The company I use to diversify in the physical gold is birch gold. I buy my gold from birch gold. They specialize in helping you convert an existing IRA of 401k into a tax sheltered IRA and physical gold for no money out of pocket. Just check out this five star review. Knowledgeable, helpful, no pressure. That's what you get with Birch Gold. That's why they've been with us for so long. So get your free info kit on gold by texting the word Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. There's no obligation, just useful information with an a plus rating from the Better, better Business Bureau and countless five star views. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Let the experts at Birch Gold help B-I-R-C-H help you secure your future today with gold message and data rates apply.


Okay, here's what I mean. How the messaging is just all over the place. They still haven't gotten their sea legs. And the problem with the Democrats, and I'm not here to give them any kind of political advice, obviously, I mean, this is a Republican conservative MAGA show. This is not a, a Democrat advice show. However, this is good for us because we still have a hundred days to take advantage of this. The talking points clearly went out on the men and women's sports issue and the talking points are ridiculous. They're ridiculous because the Democrats have made the case. Follow me here. This is important. If I lose anyone in the chat, stop me. The Democrats have tried to ma make the case forever that the federal government should have a heavy footprint, a multi-billion dollar footprint in education, that it should be collectively controlled out of Washington.


DC of course, the MAGA crowd, conservatives and Republicans for decades have been saying education is a local issue. It is not the federal government's business. If I wanna homeschool charter school choice, whatever it may be. The talking points now went out about the men and women's sports thing. And I want you to notice how now the Democrats have now completely flipped the script and done a 180 and are now suggesting that on the men and women's sports issue, that this is actually a local issue. Sounds like what we've been talking about is conservatives for a long time. Check this out. But For me it's like, let the local community figure this out. Right? In Michigan, we have a process in place where if someone who's born a boy wants to play in women's sports, you have to get a waiver.


We've had it happen two times That we wanna make sure that these decisions are made by the communities. By the communities. Whether it's schools and and others that are the ones closest to us. And then understand what we know is that we're talking about a handful of people, a handful of athletes, Every young person. And I want those sports. To be fair, I want those sports to be safe. And I have confidence that local schools and local communities can make those decisions without the federal government making them for. Who said it may not be a Lori Delk may not be a Democrat advice show, but they could learn a thing or two from it. Yeah, they could. And by the way, this goes for us too, because we need to leverage our strengths and weaknesses, mitigate threats, and then take advantage of opportunities.


Basic business SWOT analysis. We have an opportunity here. What's the opportunity? The opportunity is to learn from Democrat missteps. This is the kind of thing, this is a loser issue. Oh, you see, does anyone see where I'm going with this? By the way? What? Give anybody see where a loser issue right now is a government shutdown while we build the reconciliation bill? It's a loser issue. It just is. By the way, the government doesn't even shut down. I hate to use their lingo. It's not a, the government doesn't really shut down. Essential government services will continue. That's kind of Democrat lingo forever. I'm just telling you, we're trying to build momentum for what Donald Trump calls one big beautiful bill.


We already have some of the votes. The process has already started. I don't see this is an 80 20 issue. If you were to ask people and lay out the facts like I did in the beginning of the show, you see I'm tying these two stories together. It's important you understand this. Learn from what they're doing. They are dying on this hill of men and women's sports and they're now so off message. They're making a case for local decisions in education we've been making for years. This is one of those things. Now we're gonna what make their argument on the left. We have an opportunity to really cut government here for the first time. The unnecessary anchor of government hanging around our neck. We have a unique opportunity. It's reconciliation process to do it.


It is going to take a couple of months to get it together. Let's not blow up the opportunity by showing the public that we're in total disarray. It just doesn't make sense. I'm telling you, we can learn from this. I promise you. This is not some stretch talking point I'm throwing in the show. We got a ton of stuff. Look, we got a ton of stuff to get to. It's an 80 20 issue. Nobody wants to see this right now. It makes no sense to die on the hill. This the John Stewart clip I was talking about. By the way, you wanna talk about getting your messaging off. I mean, completely off here is John Stewart who was, again, I don't get, you know, emotional but passionate.


I say passionate on it. He was a plus one on the covid thing. Okay? Just he's, he's a minus one on just about everything else. Here's John Stewart about the United States media. Talking about how, man, wouldn't it be crazy if we had a media that lied all the time? What do you not see? What's going on? Take a look at this. So you're saying if you have a media machine that purposefully lies to its people to maintain a political fiction and get themselves power, that that is the hallmark of an authoritarian system, not a democratic system. Absolutely. Well, if we were ever to get something like that in the United States, we would be horrified, furious to know that there was an entire media organization designed to bend reality, to manipulate facts, to maintain power.


It would, if I may, and I don't mean I'm, I'm not trying to slam hungry. It would never happen in the United States. Who's, sorry. I love looking through the chat and sometimes you guys are so fast. I Someone said John, John Stewart. It's like he took some irony pills. You think? No, not iron pills. I'm sure they're good for your hemoglobin counts and everything. Irony pills. Does this guy hear what he's saying? It'd be really incredible if we had a coordinated messing mach messaging machine in the United States lying to people. That'd be really terrible. Thank God we don't have that here, dude. What? You just see what we just showed you. You see why the show flows the way it does? How the Democrats have a coordinated messaging machine and now you can expect the media on men and women's sports to pick up the exact same talking point.


Which is what folks in the chat, oh, this is a local issue. I thought education wasn't a local issue. Oh it is now. They just can't get their sea legs under. Learn a lesson from this. Take what you can take like Plato and mold it into your own thing. Washington free beacon here. You wanna burn a lot of time on this leftist. Go right ahead. Biden. EPA Officials Spent Time De Gendering Bathrooms and Policing Pronoun Use internal documents. Show. Ladies and gentlemen, these were your tax dollars. Can you imagine working for a trillion dollar corporation that is taking billions of your dollars to police people's pronoun use?


Oh, that didn't happen. No, it did. It did happen with your money that you worked for, that you busted your ass for. I'm gonna take my last break. And then we wanna get to Elon Derangement syndrome. Folks, this is getting really serious, really serious. I've got a good body of experience in threat assessment analysis. Elon I know has top-notch security. But this, this is getting really dangerous. Now. Some of these people targeting Elon have shown a total complete lack of self-control. Our last break, and I'll get back to it.


I'll show you what I mean.


Hillsdale College times our most precious commodity. You've got to spend it wisely. Improve yourself and learn when you can. Hillsdale College is offering more than 40 free online courses. Learn about the works of CS Lewis. The stories in the book of Genesis, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, or the history of the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale College is free online courses. I've been enjoying Constitution 1 0 1. This, of course, you'll explore design and purpose of the Constitution. The challenges before the Civil War, how it was undermined for more than a century by progressivism and liberalism. The 12 lecture course is self-paced. So start whenever and wherever country needs more Americans who understand the constitution and can defend the freedom of the American people against the encroachments of an increasingly large and unaccountable government. So start your free Constitution 1 0 1 course with Hillsdale College for free. Go to hillsdale.edu/bonino to enroll. There's no cost. It's easy to get started. They're great courses. That's hillsdale.edu/bonino to enroll for free hillsdale.edu/bonino. Highly recommended.


And our last sponsor today, Blackout Coffee. I'd say I miss you guys, but I'm not because I drink Blackout Coffee and I love it. I had some today as a matter of fact. Matter of fact, I have some in my handy dandy. You see this guys? It's the Donald Trump Detail Secret service mug. Thank you Director Sean Curran for giving me what he's, you see that DTD, is that pretty cool or what? So I got some Blackout Coffee in there. They honor and take care of their customers more than any other coffee company. Blackout Coffee uses premium grade coffee beans. A lot of people don't know what premium grade coffee tastes like. 'cause a lot of these woke mega corporations push these lower grade beads onto the American people. It's a bold taste. It's never bitter. I've been proud to recommend that they've been a great sponsor of the show. We love you guys. Skip the long lines order online. They ship within 48 hours of roasting. Tastes amazing. Go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. See what I'm talking about? They're the real deal. Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino or use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. Make the switch to Blackout Coffee. You're gonna love it. Thank you. Blackout Coffee.


So here's Elon here talking about a massive cyber attack that happened yesterday on his ex platform. You know, me having been an investor in the tech space, I'm not gonna lie to you, I'm not the the tech guy. However, because I've invested my own money in a lot of these entities, I've been kind of learning about it over the years and how DDOS attacks work, how intermediaries can block 'em. This was serious because X has some really, really good security measures in place. So for them to be able to hit on this type of scale, what I'm getting at is the people who are hitting him really, really were coordinating this. This wasn't some kid in the basement somewhere. Here's Elon on where he thinks these IP addresses connected to the cyber attack on X yesterday originated from, check this out, There was a cyber attack on X today, which shut it down and may have been foreign sourced.


Yes, it's a big story. You want to give us a moment on that? Well, we don't, we're not sure exactly what happened, but there was a massive cyber attack to try to bring down the X system with IP addresses originating in the Ukraine area. There you go. So folks, these things are not easy to do. What you basically do is these different IP addresses, which are like the DNA of a of a unique computer address. What they do is they all coordinate ahead at the same time on a website meaning to overload the servers. So those things have to be blocked. It takes a really, really long time to do.


These are not the kind of thing, well, I mean if you're really sophisticated with a lot of money, you could run out of a basement, but you're going to need assets. Someone has targeted Elon and like I said, I I, I know he's got top flight security, but this is getting serious. I mean they have it listed on a thing as Elon Derangement syndrome and I can't disagree here. Larry Kudlow on the show list. The attacks going on against Elon's businesses right now. It's not just X but it's elsewhere. And I'm gonna bring up something after this about this whole myth out there that every single person involved in government is there for money. Really after this. Are you sure? Check this out. They're setting fire to various Tesla charging stations near Boston.


Shots were fired at a Tesla dealership in Oregon. Various nonviolent shots fired, not a metaphor. Shots fired. Yes, downtown New York marching, marching against the Tesla showroom. You stock is way down. You've been criticized left and right, but look on the right side. I mean, why, why are you doing this? Always look on the, That's what people wanna do. Always look on the bright side of life. Yes, I'm an optimist. Yeah. Listen gents, ladies out there in the Bonino army, you know, I love you guys. I'm not gonna spin your wheels.


There are a lot of people in government, a lot. I, I don't know a percentage. I'm not even gonna dare throw one out who were there for one reason. They are there. Maybe they couldn't find something in the private sector. They figure out that they can use their position to gain influence. They'll use that influence later to make money. It is the least surprising story in human history that people leverage power to make money. Lord Acton was correct. Power corrupts absolute power corrupts absolutely. However, there are people and a lot, I'll just name a few right now who I can tell you from personal experience. If you think they're working in government to make money, then I, I'm sorry, but I really can't help you. You're just making that up.


You have zero evidence. That's true. Elon Musk, last time I checked, you guys have always net worth. Can you look that up? Is it, I think it's something like 200 to 400 billion depending on the stock price of, of Tesla. Any given day. What is it? What's his net worth? What does it say? We're looking this up in live time here. I love that we can throw this stuff on the screen. This is really cool. What, what is it about 200 billion. It's 300, 342 billion. 342.4 billion. That's like a rounding error. Point four three oh guys. 400 million rounding error. I mean, I wish I could have that rounding error.


I'll take, you know what, I'll take a a 10th of the rounding error. That's his way. Do you really believe that this guy left this, this incredible life he has tech genius, rocket guy, all of this stuff. He left this to go make money in the government 'cause he needs contacts. Elon's just the high profile case. I'll give you a few more. You know Sean Duffy, Sean Duffy, the now Secretary of Transportation. Yes. Obviously Avita works here, but I don't say this 'cause of any personal relationship with her or her dad. Sean Duffy was doing great, had a nice show on Fox. People loved it. Family was doing great. They got a lovely house up in the northeast.


They go to work every day. Big family. Do you have any idea what they had to sacrifice to take the job as the Secretary of transportation? It was bad. He's not there for contacts or money or connections. Here's another one. Howard Lutnick, commerce secretary, Howard Lutnick. Very wealthy guy. You think he left this job over there to go make a $200,000 a year in government at Kenner Fitzgerald? What about Scott Besson, the treasury secretary Guys? How about Dan Bonino? I, I hadn't heard anything about him.


He mentioned another guy and he, I dunno anything about it. I'm just telling you all it is always, always remain an heir on the side of skeptical of people with power. Always me included. Air on the side of skeptical. And that way you'll never be disappointed. But don't become so skeptical that you lose your faith. That there's anything out there can be changed or fixed at any time. I'm not trying to preach, I'm not your preacher. We had Father Marty here this morning blessing the studio and we appreciate that. I'm not a preacher. I love Jesus very much, but I'm not very good at preaching other people 'cause I fall short sometimes myself. But when you lose faith that you know change is possible at all, you know, you lose hope.


You ever read the book by Viktor Frankl, man's Search for Meaning? It's his story of the concentration camps in Nazi Germany and how so many people you know that he could tell when they were about to die. Not talking about the ones that were killed. Obviously they're, they're dead and, but some were kept alive and were, and and were used for basically labor. And he said he could tell every single time when someone was about to give up and what they called run into the wire because the fence was electrified. So that if you wanted to kill yourself, you'd run into the wire. And he said he could tell right away. They just gave up hope. They just gave up hope. And the whole premise of the book, which was I've, I've talked about it often, which is a generational bestseller man.


Search for Meaning is that meaning very simply. And he's not trying to be a poet in a book. He says it many times is just hope that you can fix something and that tomorrow you'll get back to some sense of joy and freedom and that'll keep you alive. Don't lose faith folks. There are people out there I promise, who are in this for the right reasons. While we're on the topic of Elon, here's the reason that the left has really hyped up the attacks against him. And I mean the attacks in the, again, not in the metaphoric sense, there were actual attacks against his businesses and I'm sure there were threats coming in too to him as well. Here's Elon on the GAO fraud numbers, folks, the Democrats do not want you to know how much is going on behind the scenes to take your tax money and shuttle it off to these kind of black box operations that are partisan.


The intent is partisan. It's not to help the American people. That's why they're freaking out. Check this out. What motivates you to do this? Was the opera good? It's tough sledding. Yeah, it is tough sledding, but I think we're doing the right thing here. The, you know, there's been a tremendous amount of, of waste and fraud in the, in the government. You know, when you're part of the government, you, you, you, you saw a lot of that and, and it's, and there there's been, you know, if you look at the Inspector General reports and the Government Accountability Office, the, there have been many audits that have pointed out that there's tremendous amount of waste and fraud in the government. In fact, there was a report issued by, by the GA, GAO at the Government accountability office last year.


So during, during the Biden administration, which estimated the, the federal government fraud to be half a trillion dollars. So just to be clear, that's, that's not a Trump administration thing, that's a Biden administration thing. So what we're trying to do is get that number down to a much smaller figure. Save money for the American taxpayer. Yeah, yeah. Stop money being spent on things that are, that I think very few taxpayers would agree. Make sense Folks? Here's why they're But you can go up there. Yeah, don't worry about it. You wanna say hello? Yeah, Jasmine. Say Jasmine, you wanna say listen? No, definitely not. She did a little zip around about the thing.


You didn't see her right? It's like a ninja creeping in here that you have skills. Jasmine, how did you fit between the camera and the monitor there? It was unbelievable. She did this little thing. She was like plastic man creeping through there. Very good. I was impressed right there. A little juujitsu you did there. Here's what's going on here. Hey Justin, can you bump to Trump on barter Romo about social security? I'm gonna tie these together. It wasn't even, I was gonna play this later in the show, but I'm gonna show you what's going on. Here's the reason. As I said to you over the last two weeks talking about the Doge and why the Democrats are freaking out over Elon that they will defend maybe not openly and say, Hey, we defend fraud. But they don't want you to find out about the fraud in government. Because folks, when you find out how much money has been been sent to government and sent out to unauthorized recipients, dead people, people not entitled to government disability, you are gonna be stunned.


And now let me put this out to the chat. Let's say Elon, in the end, when the Doge work is done, say he finds his trillion dollar number, forget it. Say he finds half 500 billion. Can you imagine what $500 billion in fraud looks like? Do you have any idea what $500 billion in fraud looks like? What's the first question you're asking in the chat? Who the hell's policing this stuff? Exactly. And then people start to say to themselves, wait, you're telling me that this five to $7 trillion government enterprise we're running right now more when you factor in our long-term entitlement and obligations, that there's almost no mechanism to stop rampant amounts of fraud that may be a 10th or even more of the federal budget every year.


Then you start to question everything. That's why Donald Trump is being very tactical about this. Now listen, we've obviously had President Trump and I, we are gonna have to eventually engage in a pretty massive reform of entitlement programs. They're just designed poorly. And the people who paid into 'em deserve their money back. They paid into 'em. And the way it's designed now, it's terrible. But President Trump is being tactical about this. Here's President Trump on Maria Bar Romo's show talking about social security, Medicaid and Medicare. He knows this. He knows if he can show the American voter first that these programs are not being policed very well at all. The systems are antiquated.


That maybe if we can get the fraud out and say, look, we got some of your money back that then they'll build the initiative for a long-term reform that'll stabilize these programs. It's actually a very smart approach. Check this out. I'm not gonna touch social security, Medicare, Medicaid. Now we're gonna get fraud out of there. You know, you see where I talk about it all the time where you have people 250 years old and all, you know, tremendous fraud. But that has nothing to do with that. We're gonna get the fraud out and everybody wants us to get the fraud out and therefore you'll make it better. But we're gonna have tremendous growth. When you look at all of the car companies that are now coming into the United States and they've been announcing like on a daily basis, they're gonna build their plants and they're going to create tremendous numbers of jobs and so many other things.


You see what he's doing, alright? As I say, often I'm, I'm not here to tell you everything is the chess checkers analogy. I'm not. Sometimes stuff gets done and it doesn't go well and you backtrack and you say, Hey, we screwed up. I'm reasonably confident this is, he understands that. Okay, going back to beginning of the show, 'cause everything has a reason in the show. He understands that you can have all the ideas you want. We need to reform social security. I've said it a thousand times, great idea, Dan. What am I gonna say next? What's the plan? The public's desire to reform these programs right now, candidly speaking is not there.


It isn't. I can tell every time I mention social security and your money being stolen. I get angry letters from MAGA supporters who are angry at me for recognizing the obvious. Donald Trump understands. President Trump gets that the public is not there right now. And he's doing this deliberately. He figures that we can fix this thing. If we can first point out and take the low hanging fruit and then maybe people will be more open to saying, okay, I trusted you to fix the, the, the waste in there. Fraud and abuse you did. Now let's take the next step and stabilize these programs that some people rely on.


A lot of people. Let's stabilize 'em using a more efficient and effective economic model. It's pretty smart. Why'd you zip out to the shot there? You just like playing with the cameras. Justin's just like, because I felt like it and I'm the producer of the show. It's pretty shot I want man. It's pretty shot. You like that? It is. Do that again. I like that. Is that, do I have a good side? I don't right? They're both bad. Yeah, I think I'm getting to that point in my life where there is no good side anymore. I've run outta good sides. I'm enjoying though. The new they, what do we have? Three angles is the other one too right there?


Do I have to shave in the next job? I don't. I don't think so, right? I'm kidding, I'm not. I think we're gonna keep this look. All right. Speaking of, I know I did. I shaved this morning. That's my shoulder. Okay. Yes, that's my face. Thank you. Wow. That's an extreme closeup. I don't know if I'm comfortable with that. So you go, of course. What does he do? He goes in closer. I, these guys, this crew. Look at this. Even Jasmine's in there, like what is wrong with this show and when nothing's wrong with the show. Oh, that's not me. That's not me. That's frank. That's not me. Frank's gonna be very busy over the next few years. That's not me.


Anita, I think you're taking the the Frank, the Frank Head there, right? Anita, you gonna be here on Friday? I think you are right. Speak coming to, I'll show you your Burger King thing. I have one I kept, you gave me two, I kept the other one over in the other house, back to the show. 'cause on the show sometimes I get easily distracted because I have so much to talk about. Listen, this is not a self praise moment. Maybe it is. I told you at the time, Senator JD Vance from the amazing state of Ohio was going to be an incredible vice president. Why? Well, listen, it wasn't hard. I'm not gonna tell you. I had some stiggy and witches like give me the eye. It was just easy When you watched him debate, who was he running against?


Tim Ryan at the time. I thought, man, this guy's special. This guy is absolutely fantastic. I said, he's gonna be incredible. I had chat blowing up right there. Here is Vice President Vance, who never seems to get caught off guard by a question or anything else. 'cause he's smart. The guy's like an encyclopedia of information. Here he is. He's just nuke and a heckler interrupts his speech at the National League of Cities. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the way it's done. Check this out. You go across the world and you see a very consistent relationship between a massive increase in immigration and a massive increase in housing prices. And we have to be honest about that.


Well, I see, I see, I see, I see. One of our nice representatives out here wants to actually, I guess continue to flood the country with illegal immigrants making your communities and, and citizens unaffordable. But ma'am, with all respect, one of the reasons why we're doing what we're doing is because we want to make it more affordable for Americans to live. That is one of the reasons why we're doing what we're doing. He never gets caught. Did you notice that he never gets caught? Have you guys worked in mid or midsize big size corporation? I'm sure many of you have in the chat right there.


I'm looking at the chat right there on the screen. You ever have that one guy who, he's just in the room, he just commands attention and presence and he has that, he has that, that, that that the power that you can't really put, it's like the, the gen seis. It's typically because he just has a feel, he has such a comfortability level with the business and the, you know, and, and just has a general knowledge level. I guess what I'm trying to say is he has an answer for everything. But I don't mean that in a snarky kind of toolbox way. He has an answer for everything. 'cause he just does a lot of homework. That's JD Vance, the vice president. He's been in so many different spaces between the Marine Corps tech investing, politics, the United States Senate, and he does his homework that he just never gets caught.


And I saw that early on. If you go back and watch his debates against Congressman Tim Ryan, you'll see what I'm talking about. The writing was on the wall. It didn't take some political genius to see it. And because of this team of President Trump and Vice President Vance. Again, going back to the beginning of the show, we have a plan. It's nice to talk about stuff folks, but you've gotta do, someone asked me the other day, a friend of mine, you know why you all know who he is? You know, he said, why are you doing this? And I said, what I tell everyone? Because it's the same answer. Because it's the only answer. You can't tell your audience to go out and do stuff, do do talk as cheap, do.


And then when it comes to you doing stuff, you say, I didn't mean me. I meant everyone else. You look like a phony. President Trump and Vice President Vance had a plan. They're enacting the plan. All I'm asking of his political opponents and even people in his own party who disagree with his plan, what's your plan? If you're a congressman or anyone else, what is your plan? Lay it out. I'm, I'm o I promise you I'm open to hearing it. Send it to me. I will air it on the show. Tell me what if you don't have a plan, you're saying that plan sucks, but I don't have a replacement. Okay, here's what I mean. Q up V eight for me. Here's a CBS immigration report. You wanna see what a plan that you actually enact and do and follow through on.


Looks like President Trump was very clear. We are going to stop illegal crossings at our border. We're going to stop it to a trickle. Well look, it's only been less than two months. And even CBS has to acknowledge, man, we can't even find anyone out there. You doubt me. Listen to yourself. You spent, how long, you know, going along the the border about four hours and how different was this trip versus pastor Administration? Well, not a single migrant or asylum seeker. And typically when we go to the US Mexico border, we at least see one group of people who are trying to cross into the US illegally. We did not see a single migrant. We saw soldiers, border patrol agents and National Guard troops and vehicles and barriers, but no migrants.


It's not The Dan Bongino Show guys. That's CBS. That's CBS not known as a big pro-Trump outlet. Here's Bloomberg migration to the United States through the Panama Jungle route Plunges guys. Let's say 99%, not nine, not 19.9 99%. That's what a do looks like and not just a talk. So I'll end today as I started, I am open to anything. I do not get emotional about people. They've been plus ones and minus ones and that's okay.


I'm just asking you for something very simple. If you don't like plan A, then you are obligated to present plan B. If you don't have a plan B, you're just obstructing plan A. You are not an effective implementer of the do. You are an effective implementer of the talk. Fair enough folks, thanks so much again for tuning in. Please check out Hay's Show, H-A-Y-L-E-Y, Haley Caria exclusively. The video show on Rumble, not on YouTube. Rumble.com/haley. That's H-A-Y-L-E-Y two Y's with hay. So that's like two Y's for yes.


Make sure you watch it twice. rumble.com/haley. She'll be live at 6:00 PM if right from this studio, they put up a new kind of logo and badging and you know, I, I saw the Auburn helmet on after I, I told Haley, you don't have to keep the Auburn helmet on for you show. It's kind of my thing. But there she is tonight. Check her out, support the show. Thank you guys for everything. I really appreciate it. We've got after today three more, well two plus one, two more podcasts with you and then one finale, which gonna be really special. And I'm not gonna tell you after turning multiple main cards on that, but I probably will. So I'll see you on the radio show here in a little bit.


And back here at 11:00 AM tomorrow. Thanks again. See you then. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.