
With Trump in, I can finally take a breath. But one fact remains our nation is deep in debt and that debt's a house of cards that can't quickly be dismantled. The strategy remains the same. Diversify your savings. That's why I buy gold. From Birch Gold, B-A-R-C-H, they'll help you convert an IRA of 401k into an IRA and physical gold. Now through Black Friday, get a free one ounce Silver Eagle for every $5,000 purchased. Help protect your savings with Birch Gold. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and claim your eligibility for free silver today.


Dan Bonino. Welcome to The Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino, folks, this was hilarious. Everybody was emailing me last night. Hey Dan, did you see this clip on CNN Tapper and Van Jones? Were talking about Cutesie time. I swear to you, I thought it was bullshit. I thought people were messing with me. I'm like, they wouldn't be talking about Cutesie time being over. What the hell would CNN be interested in? Cutesie time for the clip, however, is real. Took me a few minutes to find it. I'm usually pretty good lickety split, but I don't actually have CNN on my Bingo card, so it took me a second to go. I got my spots for Fox and OANN and even M-S-N-B-C. But let me just say in advance before I play this clip, it's about me and potentially the Secret Service.


you know the whole story. I'm, I've already addressed it. I've not spoken to President Trump about that at all. Folks at all. It, it, it's come up on podcast interviews. Of course, it's, it's, he's got a thousand things on his plate. I'm just gonna leave that there. However, you know, the president asks you do something. He is not, I just wanna be crystal clear on that. This is really important 'cause everybody's talking about this. Like this was some kind of like, especially the way CNN's addressing it. So I haven't heard anything like this. However, I wanna say in advance, I'm not mad at all and I'm not even remotely bitter about Van Jones and Tapper, you know, talking about me and kind of quietly taking a shot at me. you know, they barely mentioned the fact that I had a decade plus in the Secret Service.


Five years in the Presidential Protection Division was with the NYPD was a Republican nominee for Senate and the House. Not that you gotta like kiss my ass, but it's always like the right wing personalities. If the only thing I've ever done is politics in my life, whatever, I'm not mad about it. These guys are, you know, opinion people and they talk about the news and the story's in the news. So I'm fair game like anyone else, And I in the scope of things just really wasn't that bad. I mean, it was like they were taking a heavy duty podcast, but it is kind of funny. Cutesy time is over is Gone national. Well, it was on CNN. So I don Dunno know how national went, but he check this out, it's pretty funny. CNN is reporting that right wing media personality and former Secret service agent Dan Bonino. We, we, by the way, like years ago, we would have him on to talk about Secret Service issues on this show, he is being considered for Secret service director.


Here's to sum of what he said on his podcast today, on how he views the new administration. Cutesy time is over and we led the way. And a lot of people are recognizing that folks Cutesy time is over. I'll say again today, on Wednesday, people are policy and it is time for us because we are the news to double down on the MAGA agenda. Van, you're gonna have to stop being so adorable 'cause Cutesy time is over. No, but sir, in all, in all in all sincerity, there is, that does reflect a, an attitude of, of so many of these picks, which is it's time to really, really shake up Washington.


And, and the, and a lot of people think, a lot of Trump supporters think that he went with establishment picks last time and that was a horrible idea. He wasn't able to really drain the swamp. And now that's what they're doing. You have to believe a lot of things that are not true for this to make sense. What is the problem you're trying to solve? With our intelligence services, we, we get a chance to walk around here and not have bombs blowing up all over the place because our intelligence services are doing a fantastic job keeping us safe. If you think that sending a wrecking ball through our end


More in a minute, but first, for those of us holding our breath for the past several months, We can exhale. Work can finally be done in major issues this country's facing one of the most significant are crushing national death. The fact is, our nation's deep in the red that debt's a house of cards that can't quickly be dismantled. So the strategy remains the same. Diversify your savings. That's why I buy gold from birch gold. So many things are out of our control, out of our prison's control. It's important to have a safe haven for your savings. Birch Gold Group, my gold company will help you convert an IRA of 401k into an IRA in physical gold. And the best news doesn't cost you a penny out of pocket. So text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Get your free info kit. Plus right now through Black Friday, you'll receive a free one ounce silver Eagle for every $5,000 purchased. Help protect your savings with Birch Gold. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Claim your eligibility for free silver today. Message and date rates apply.


Okay, I I I, now I deserve the chance to respond, right? Like I said, not mad. I'm not bitter. It's a news story. I'm fair game like anyone else, but so are you guys, right? Jake Van, you guys are in the public, public space, so you're fair, you're fair game too. I get the chance to respond. So what's the problem Van? We're trying to solve. I I should say we, I'm not in the administration. I have not been asked, but assume I was say I was the secret service director sitting there with Ratcliffe and Tulsi and hopefully Cash Patel at FBI. The problem we're trying to solve you completely right over your head missed.


I love how he says, did you guys hear this, Michael? He goes, you know, these, the intelligence community out there and all these other people, and by the way, secret Service isn't part of the intelligence community. They consume intelligence. They don't produce it. However, they do consume a lot of intelligence. 'cause they wanna make sure they can get the threat right? Right. We are not completely saved. There's a major war in the Middle East that broke out because our intelligence community missed a nine 11 style attack in Israel. The, there's a, there, there have been terror attacks where people have been on the FBI's radar and they missed it. Why? Because the FBI has been too busy. This is what the CNN bubble looks like. You may have missed these stories.


Van, did you miss the story about the FBI and the Moms for Liberty, the FBI and the Pro-Life movement. These are threats to the United States. Grandma's in the Gulag for a trespassing charge on January 6th. This, this is the, this is the security threat that's gonna keep us here. Go get grandma, go get her. Did the, are you, did you miss all this? The FBI didn't even get to the serious stuff. Did you miss the FBI spying on Donald Trump van? I'll give you a little homework. Look up the name Ra Turk. Go look that up. You can read about it in the books I wrote about.


If you want go get it from the library here. Thank you guys. I didn't even ask him to throw this. I just, the News Justice Department investigated the conservatives moms for Liberty in the same manner as the Ku Klux Klan. Did I again, did you guys miss all this? Why is Trump taking a wrecking ball to the status quo? Because the status quo was failed. There's a thing called opportunity cost van, you waste your time spying on presidential candidates and conservative groups and tea party groups with the IRS and other things. That's time not spent trying to intercept a major terror attack in the Middle East. That does involve us.


'cause we've been dragged into it. The same Death to America crowd was involved in that. The same people who told Biden the intelligence community. Oh, Putin's not gonna invade Ukraine. They missed that one too. So forget me, pull me out of the story. But Cutesy time is over because that's what cutesy time gave you. It gave you a bunch of bullshit investigations. And that's why President Trump is reaching out to people who are actual door kickers, And, I. Just wanna say again, we have not spoken about this. I, this story like yesterday on CNN, a whole bunch of reporters are reaching out for me for comment.


Why isn't he responding? Because there's nothing to respond about. What do you want me to respond and say, I, don't know what you're talking about. Don't, by the way, I don't really speak to reporters anyway about that kind of stuff. Politics. I don't, I don't, I don't talk to reporters, especially left wing ones. Conservative. Oh, you go Cutesy, time is over. Could someone send a shirt to Jake store? Do panino.com. Our proceeds go to charity, so don't worry. It's not like some moneymaking thing we're doing for us Store. Do bonino.com. Somebody mail Jake and send Van a Cutesy time is over, probably extra small. Send them over. Cutesy. time is over. Maybe they'll pin one up in their office.


All we have all sizes in stock. Someone make a donation over to CNM. I saw that last night. Again, I'm not mad at these guys. I'm part of the news. I'm fair game. I, I don't have a thick skin. But I do realize that being in the business when you're part of the news, you're part of the news. You, don't wanna be part of the news. Stop being a wuss and don't be a public figure. Okay? End of story. Go do something else. And I. Like doing what I'm doing. So it's part of the business. Dear liberals, we are always right. What is two thumbs and is always correct along with his little jido army, which isn't so little anymore. This guy, by the way, thank you for making us according to Tritons Ranker in October.


I can't believe it. The number three podcast in the United States. Never saw that coming. Thank you guys. Love This bonino army. You guys kick ass and take names. Absolutely adore you guys. We are always right. Why is our army not so little anymore and growing? Because it's fact-based to show. We've told the libs, we've warned them a thousand times. Your fascination with identity politics and division is going to catch up with you. Why do you remember in the chat? Folks in the chat? You remember? Oh, there we go. Back up. Look at em. We got 125 too. Nice. All right, we're fully back up. Thank you Chris for fending off another massive attack. These guys are so good. Boom, boom.


Done just like that. We told you a long time ago that the cannibalism theory was gonna take over the cannibalism theory in the left. For those who are new to the show is this conservatives, the MAGA crowd, libertarians and Tea party. People started giving liberals the double barrel middle finger with cancel culture a long time ago. They just pound right through it. Don't say masks don't work. What did MAGA people do? They go to Twitter the next day, or all caps they put now. Masks definitely don't work. We don't care. So eventually they've had to dial back Because. they know they're wasting their time, but there's power for them in canceling people. Okay? So when they can't cancel conservatives and MAGA people, 'cause we just don't listen, we flip 'em off.


They were gonna turn on themselves. And this is what's happening with identity politics with the left. If you happen to be black, right? You've been told by the media forever, right? The left man, they're looking out for your interests against those horrible Republicans. You're now finding out that it's actually the Republicans that have been looking out for your interests against the horrible Democrats. Because if you're black and you say, Hey, I'm a father who happens to be black and the left told me like I'm a big interest group, they're looking out for me. But I don't want a man in the bathroom with my 12-year-old daughter. A man, an actual man. The left will then attack you. You get what they're doing. They can't attack us 'cause we're just gonna hammer ahead. We've never wanted men in women's bathroom, but now they're eating each other alive.


And I tell you, man, I am buying my ticket in the front row to see it. This is glorious. Please keep this up begging you. Please keep this up. Here's a tweet from some communist Tim Miller. He is at the Bulwark, which is the comedy site. Is it wrong to suggest that Sarah McBride, she's the new trans member of Congress, should follow Mike Johnson in the men's room and stand right behind him at the urinal at the next opportunity. Tim, that's a great idea. You tell the trans member of Congress, Sarah McBride, who's a man, tell Sarah McBride to follow everyone you, this is working out great for I'm dead serious, folks.


I'm not kidding. You guys have given such great advice at the Bulwark. The Bulwark, which is like a comi site, which has been wrong about everything, every significant political trend of our time. The bulwark, have they not guys have been on the wrong side of every one of them. Please take Tim's advice and make Sarah McBride and the trans issue the focus of everything in your next term. Please do that. We're actually begging you to do it. Your fascination with division cannibalism and eating each other alive has done so well for you. You lost every single swing state despite having every single lever of power behind you, mainstream media, academia, entertainment, even Taylor Swift, and you got your asses kicked because your issues suck.


You definitely gotta keep up more of this. Dude. You guys see this clip? Tell me, when I sent this over, you guys weren't in love right away. I had to put this out. I never put clips like this in the beginning of the show. Never. This one's right in the beginning. You see this lunatic, Jasmine Crockett, she's a member of Congress, obviously a Democrat. This one I'm not sure about her psychological status. I'm really not. Here she is again, she's a member of Congress, paid probably close to, if not more than $200,000 a year. She has lobbyists kissing her ass every day. She will never, ever be middle class for the rest of her life. Lobbyists will pay her. She'll be given speeches. Okay? She is living in the lifestyle. She is a, she is a one percenter, okay?


Here she is complaining about being oppressed and again, blaming the white man. The white, which is by, by na, by its very definition racist. She's categorizing a group of people according to their race without knowing any of 'em, and basically saying, look at you guys. You guys say, here's Jasmine Crockett, please keep this stuff up. This identity politics is such a winner for you guys on the left, I wanna fund the pack. Check this out. You Can then misuse words like oppression. There has been no oppression for the white man in this country. You tell me which white men were dragged out of their homes. You tell me which one of them got dragged all the way across an ocean and told that you gonna go and work.


We're gonna steal your wives, we're gonna rape your wives. That didn't happen. That is oppression. We didn't ask to be here. We not the same migrants that y'all constantly come up against. We didn't run away from home. We were stolen. So yeah, we're gonna sit here and be offended when you wanna sit here and act like and, and, and don't let it escape you. That it is white men on this side of the aisle telling us people of color on this side of the aisle, that, that y'all are the ones being oppressed, that y'all are the ones that are being harmed. Folks, please can someone, someone and folks in the chat, I'm, I'm glad to see everyone's back.


Good. Yeah, right, right. Rockham Stock and Robot I said, just saw it in the chat. Can someone in the chat get like Jasmine KRA pack and just like buy the url.com? We need this woman in leadership on the left. We need to make sure that this woman is a potential presidential candidate in the future. Lefties, please keep this up. Jasmine, I suggest you and Tim Miller get together over coffee in a Starbucks, have a macchiato or whatever. It's kind of a left wing place. You guys would be, you guys would be great together. Get together the agenda for the Democrats midterm platform. Make it about following while women and men into bathrooms, were near the opposite sex. It's a great idea. And keep telling white men and women across America busting their ass to stay ahead in this country with inflation, that they're somehow oppressing you while you're paying.


Two, you're paying $200,000 a year to sit in Congress and have someone kiss your ass all day. Yes. Keep it up, Jasmine. We love it. The judges ruled Folks in the chat, you think it's a great idea. Get this woman in leadership. Make her the whip. Make her the minority leader. I don't care. Crockett Harris, 2028 Crockett Harris, 2028 G's looking into it now, G's gonna put, they're gonna put a campaign sign together. I want this woman running for president. This has worked so well, folks. This stuff is this. Will this, this is going to be the death of the Democrat party. But do you understand, Dan? Stop telling him. Listen to me. Brothers and sisters, listen to your boy.


I am in a really good mood today. So much good stuff going on. So much. I am in an amazing mood today. Couldn't wait to do the show. Listen to your boy here. Please it. Please, it doesn't freaking matter how many times we cover this stuff and make fun of them for doing it. They cannot control themselves. Do you understand that? I mean, it sound like an asshole. They can't stop Because. they don't know anything else. Jasmine Crockett doesn't know anything about anything either. Does Tim Miller or else his predictions would've been correct?


He's been on the wrong side of everything along with his entire team. They don't know anything. All they know is insult division, politics and identity politics. They can't stop. The, Dan, Bongino, Show. If you'd like to hear more, subscribe to The Dan Bongino Show, wherever you get your podcast.