
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that that's not immune to the facts. I'm speaking with your host, Dan Bonino. Sorry for the conversation starting to show, but I just totally off the beaten path of the show. I, I I left the window open. You may see a little light on the screen. I'm sorry. It's just, that's the, the shade blowing back and forth. I left a window open 'cause it's so beautiful down here in Florida. It's like 60, 62 degrees and it's so not Florida weather. It's typically hotter this time of the year. So Justin's like just as casually like Yeah, it's global warming. By their definition it's global warming. Global cooling is global warming. Global warming is global warming. Global stability is global warming.


Dry season's, global warming, wet season's, global warming. Volcanoes are global warming. Hurricanes are global warming. Less hurricanes are global warming. More hurricanes are global warming. Volcanoes are global warming. Tectonic shifts in the, in, in, in the, in the plates that cover the earth is definitely global warming Snow's. Global warning rain's. Global warning lightning's global warming. Tesla charging stations are global warming space. Launch rockets are global warming. Interstellar beams coming to the United States are global warming by their definition. Justin, you are a hundred percent correct. It is the truest thing you have ever said. It is global warming. Sorry but it's just it.


It's not right. It's colder in Florida. I've ever felt it. Definitely global warming. Hey, I got a big announcement for you. Woo. Karate man. I mean big time karate man. Stop. Guess who's gonna be a guest on the Dan Bonino radio show tomorrow. Put it in the chat. Who gets it first? Come on. It's not a hard one. Who do you think wants to come back on the show? Well, we want 'em back on the show. A lot of karate men in there. Who said it first? Let's see who's up. Yes. Merciful Whisper Trump. Well, president-elect Trump. Former President Trump. Soon to be President Trump. 45.


47. Yeah. Oh yeah. So we'll leave it live on Rumble for you too. Be on the radio show. 2:30 PM That is an Eastern time. Of course it's live. Super excited. Barring some catastrophe we hope doesn't happen. President Trump. I'm gonna ask him about the pipe bomber investigations into the FBI. We're gonna ask him about all kinds of things. A reconciliation package. Tariffs. Don't miss that interview. We really appreciate him coming on. I've also got some explosive information about Senator Tim Kane who seemed to be interested in Pete. He's personal life. What about Senator Tim Kane's? What about him? Hmm.


Try Beam's Dream Powder. Get up to 45% off for a limited time at shop Beam dot com slash bino. Use code bino at checkout.


Today's show is also brought to you by Express VPN. You ever heard of the audience effect? It's the psychological theory that every person's behavior changes when they know they're being watched. Here's the thing, we are being watched every time you use the internet. Your internet service provider or ISP is recording everything you do online, even if you're using a private browser. That's why I use and recommend Express VPN. With Express VPN. 100% of my online activities rerouted through secure encrypted servers. It makes it impossible for my ISP to see what I'm doing online 'cause it's none of their freaking business. ExpressVPN also has my IP address, which is the number that identifies you on the internet. Data brokers use it to build a profile on you. Then they sell it to marketers and other companies. I certainly don't wanna give those companies any more of my information A leak and you probably don't either. I use ExpressVPN. It's really easy. Takes just one click works on all your devices right now. You can get an extra three months of privacy protection for free when you use my special link. Go to ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino and get four extra months of ExpressVPN. You like that? Four extra months of ExpressVPN at ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino. Check them out.


You've kept be, you gotta let me do the finger thing first. That's the whole like guys are getting all jumpy. Michael's gone for, they're all jumpy now. Ha. Doing like the karate man on the keyboard there. Michael and Avita, by the way, are up in DC. Her a Vita's father, Sean Duffy, former congressman, great friend to my family and an absolutely amazing human being is undergoing his confirmation hearing today in committee. He will likely be the next Department of Transportation secretary. That's her dad. So Avita had a recorded show today, which is a very good one by the way. But congratulations to them. I hope everything goes well. I want to count my chickens, but Sean's a good man.


I don't foresee any problems. He will be a cabinet secretary. They're up in DC global warming up in dc. If you're watching the show on Rumble Live, you'll see Justin put up the forecast. It is now a balmy 27 degrees in dc. The globe is definitely heating up beyond recognition. They're probably polar bears walking down the streets of Washington DC now. So folks, obviously a lot going on. I'm gonna get to this Tim Kane thing in a minute. And the reason this is important is you're being smoked up by a lot of bullshit artists in Washington DC who have zero dignity, credibility or integrity themselves and chose to attack a good man. And Pete, he said yesterday the most disgusting piece of filth was commie. Tim Kain. I was given a tip yesterday about Tim Kain and I'm gonna ask you out there, I think Tim Kain should be put into oath the answer for this.


But I wanted to get to this first because there's a lot going on folks. I've been warning you about the threat to the inauguration through drones. I've got a lot of sources that have been feeding me information. I am absolutely unconvinced that the Secret Service has a bulletproof upon absolutely intended plan for a swarm drone attack in or around the inauguration. I I'm not telling you they don't. I'm not telling you they do. I'm just telling you what sources are telling me that they're not confident. Is it safe or not safe? That's a question on the margin. Okay. I'm not sure. I'm just telling you I'm concerned. I really wish people would've reached out. The Biden administration of course, course can't stand me. They have zero interest in anyone with any expertise in this, taking an unbiased look at it because they just don't care.


But here we go. Zero hedge Chinese drone firm. DGI eliminates the automatic no fly zones one week before Trump's inauguration. Oh my gosh, what a coincidence. The judges ruled. That is an amazing coincidence. What does that mean folks? For those of you who operate drones in these FAA restricted areas, there were certain built-in automated features which made it extremely difficult for you to fly that drone into an area. The FAA says don't fly there. IE like over the inauguration. Well this Chinese firm, can you throw that up again? DGI. Which makes a extraordinary number of parts and drones themselves just conveniently was like, yeah, we're gonna dump the automatic feature now.


It's just gonna be like a warning and the drone operator will get like a warning like don't fly there. And as You know, right Justin terrorists, You know when it says don't fly, they're, oh don't fly. There they are. He's a hundred percent correct. They are absolutely law abiding citizens. So of course they're gonna listen to the instructions on the screen. You think that's a coincidence? Why is your boy here a little worried? You think I'm like the clickbait guy? I didn't even cover the hearing live yesterday. I prefer to be right. Not first. People wanna be first to clickbait. Guys, I'm telling you about this 'cause I'm concerned. Am I panicked about it? No. The sack of the Washington Field office and the Secret Service, Matt McCool's, a very smart guy.


I hope they're on top of this. I'm just saying if your faith in the system is well, nobody will fly a drone because we told them not to. Then you better think of a new system. One more thing before we start. I'm gonna cover this at length tomorrow, so don't sweat it. Ladies and gentlemen. A little bit of a language alert right now. So I'm very sorry. But there isn't a human being fucking over America with the double barrel middle finger more than human filth pile. Joe Biden right now. This guy out the door is burning America to the ground. I've been warning you forever. Have I not Justin? Yes. Yes. Everybody after the election, I warned you that this garbage human being, this corrupt, disgusting sociopath on the way out the door was gonna burn America to the ground.


This is just in the last few days what he's done. And he's still got a few days left to few at the drive through Leo style, took Cuba off the state sponsor of terrorists yesterday, basically handing the state of Florida the Republicans forever. Now folks, I live in South Florida. You wanna, you wanna lose Florida forever, alienate the Cuban population whose families are still in political prisons in Cuba and pull C off the state sponsor of terrorists. Good move you dementia ridden oatmeal brains. Piece of human filth. Good move for the Republicans. 'cause Trump's just gonna overturn it in a few days.


Anyway, you just sent a message to South Florida's Hispanic, especially Cuban population, screw you and your families this. He'd be like, wow, that was a lot. That's, I'm not done. I'm not done. And Biden's not done either. He is gonna burn the place to the ground. This scumbag Gary Gensler and his SEC decides yesterday, they're going to sue Elon Musk out the door about what? Something that happened yesterday. No, something that happened years ago. The purchase of Twitter. Why would they do it yesterday? Because you think they have a case against Elon Musk bullshit because they want Donald Trump to come in and of course toss this bullshit case out to say what?


Yes, you got it. Look, Donald Trump is in Elon Musk pocket. This is all about a story, not the story. They wanna create a story. Sue Elon Musk for a phantom crime that they allege happened or civil violation happened a couple years ago. Okay, sue him for that. There we go. Thank you guys. SSEC sus Elon Musk over Twitter acquisition alleges he underpaid Twitter by 150 million. Yes. 'cause Elon really needs to save 150 million fellas, right? This guy's got so many money problems. He's worth what, 400 billion? That 150 million. That's probably a tip in a restaurant for him at a Saturday. And not even like a, it's probably a tip in a Denny's.


He probably leaves that for the waitress, but he definitely was trying to scam people. That's it. No, that's not it. I'll go into all this tomorrow in more detail. Biden you at the drive through Leo Getz style. Hey, let go at the drive through. Some of you need to look that up. Was not one of the better lethal weapon movies, but it was pretty funny. Joe Pesci Biden has also changed the line of SEC succession succession in the Department of Justice. Why? Because people are going to resign before Pam Bondi and others are sworn in, which will leave Biden appointees in charge for just a little bit longer to make sure they can enact new rules and regulations, which are gonna take Donald Trump now months to overturn on everything from immigration elsewhere.


Why? Because Biden is gonna burn the country down on the way out the door. At least. That's it. No it's not. No it's not. They, they went the drive through, okay? Biden is the guy at the drive through spitting in your french fries, okay? You asked for ketchup. He gives you mayonnaise on Nate's case. That family, be careful. He is also obligating money under the IRA and the American Rescue Plan that hasn't yet been obligated to make sure we shuttle more money out the door, putting Trump in a massive multi-trillion dollar hole before he even steps into office. Why? Because Biden won't stop until he burns America to the ground.


Folks, I hate this guy. I really, really do. And every You know why it's not personal. I I, I, I, I've been around this guy, not much. I was on the president's detail, not to VP detail. I know how disgusting he is. He's a horrifying, grotesque, filthy, gross sniffing kid, sniffing crackhead son loser, disgusting woman groping piece of human garbage who has never told the truth about anything of his life. And there's not a president in four years. In modern times that's done more damage to the country than this guy. But the fact that we are gonna now spend the first two years trying to clean up this massive mess, this scum left is just unreal.


Right? Let's get back to the show about yesterday. So Pete, he's hearing happened yesterday and there were a lot of interesting things that happened yesterday during the hearing. Now I'm covering the hearing today. You got Pam Bondi today. Sean Duffy. He's not gonna be nearly as many fireworks. Yesterday was the big headline event, Pete Hegseth because the military industrial complex and the Democrats are so freaked out that Pete's gonna come in there and come in there and make our military lethal and not a social experiment. So they're really pissed off. So yesterday were a lot of fireworks, but yesterday's hearing was about more than Pete. It's why I'm gonna cover it today in detail. Don't make it about Pete or this thing. It's about larger things.


It's about standards, it's about impropriety, it's about false narratives. It's about telling a story rather than the story first. I wanna, I'm a spreadsheet guy folks, and I'm gonna prove it to you right now. I don't get emotional. Thank you Senator Joni Ernst. We were hard on Senator Journey. Ernst, she was, I thought given Pete Haggs an unusually hard time, he's more than qualified. But Senator Ernst is now pledging to back Pete for Pentagon Boss. You can see the headline in just the news. So good job. That's a plus one for me in a spreadsheet. I'm not getting emotional about it. I'm not gonna forget anything that happened. Of course. However, we can't say don't get emotional and then get emotional.


Eh? Screw that. Don't screw it. Good for you. I'm glad you're supporting Pete. A knock on wood here outside of any major now obstacles. I see Pete on a glide path now to confirmation. Let's hope that happens. He's the guy for the job. So let's get that out of the way first. But ladies and gentlemen, you won again yesterday and you did. You won again because the media, the military industrial complex, the lobbyists, the social experiment, people in the military and failed leaders at the Pentagon for for about the last, now what, two and a half months since Pete was, since Pete was nominated for the spot, two months or so, have been trying to tell you a story about Pete.


Hes said not being qualified, you soundly defeated them yesterday, even the left noted Pete Wall Street Journal, which hates Pete Heg said they just do read the op-ed column. Even had to admit Hegseth, just flawlessly parried. You have Perry in boxing. I mean it was just, it was hapless. It was like a bunch of kids on the Democrats side would being lectured by the adult in the room Pete. It was pretty shameless nonsense that happened yesterday. Wanna play this one first? Here is crazy. Maisie Hirono easily one of the dumbest members of Congress in general. Obviously on the house side. A matter of fact on all sides you have a OC, you have Dan Goldman, the dumbest male member, the dumbest United States senator.


It's up for grabs. But I've gotta tell you crazy Maisie Hirono who looks intoxicated her hear he herself, she is easily up there on the Senate side. The, the clips of her have gone viral for all the wrong reasons. Here's communist shameless Maisie Hirono who looks drunk herself trying to make up a story about Pete Hegseth and again, looking like a total buffoon because she looks intoxicated herself. Check this out By people who worked with you at Fox News. Do You know that being drunk at work is prohibited for service members under the UCMJ Senator? Those are yes or no multiple false anonymous reports, Pedald by Nbcd.


Do You know that they run directly victory To the dozens of men and women at Fox Jail Contemplated on it. Who I work with. I'm hearing the, I'm not hearing, asking to my question And said that never In your opening statement Mr. Hicks said you commit to holding leaders accountable at all levels. That includes you of course and and frankly as secretary you'll be on the job 24 7. Okay, couple things here. Justin said it right there. Kind of weird to be talking about someone being drunk at work while crazy. Maisie Ro is slurring her words and appears drunk at work. Was that one of those coffees with a little extra in it this morning? Maisie? I don't know. I mean if You can lob unfounded allegations, we can too.


You were drunk at work? No. Maisie. You were drunk at work. No I wasn't. No, no. Someone told me you were. Who? I don't know. It was anonymous. Someone called me and said Maisie was drunk at work. Who was it? I don't know, but it's gotta be real 'cause they said it. The weird thing is about these allegations again, false smears of Pete, Seth is, I actually worked with Pete at Fox. So did Will Kane. So did Rachel, so did Sabrina. So did all of my producers and I believe will also will for my who was on my team, a different will altogether. It's incredible that we're willing to go on the record with our own names and reputations and say don't That's fake. Pete Eth was not drunk at work. You just made that up and yet you've got anonymous people say No, no, it's true but I just don't wanna put my name on it.


Okay, so you're lying. So you, so you're lying. So you're lying. I worked with Pete a long time now kind of lighten up up the mood a little bit. Pete definitely doesn't drink at work that I can tell you for a fact. But Pete does like to eat at work. Pete and I were good friends for a long time. We still are. Sent him a text this morning. He was nice to respond. I said God's speed, your new journey, you did all You can. It's in the Lord's hands now. And he knows that he's a little segment we did on unfiltered. Here's Pete. This is like the happiest guy, most hopeful guy filled with joy You've ever seen the nicest guy, a guy who does love Jesus. He's not a man without sin. He's not gonna tell you otherwise, but he definitely definitely ate at work.


You can do a lot of drinking at work. Check this out Pete. You know one of the things I love about you is there were like rules. Whatever on tv you don't eat on tv, you don't do that. You know, you and I really don't give a damn about these rules anyway. But as we brought up Tomatis before, no one likes eating on TV more than the great Pete Heep. We have accumulated more evidence of Pete Heep. Oh no. Violating the golden rule of television right here. Check this out. This Is a breakfast pie. Go to Cracker Barrel, get a CI roll breakfast Pie. Six 18 Washington Street, Mint, peppermint kind of. I Don't know that I would order two of these. Like I might get it once. It's good. It feels like bread. I'm gonna tell you I love bread and so I'm gonna be a little picky about it.


Smell like we order food on set and we've been eating really unhealthy. Yes we have. We have. We should continue. You know what? It's up in the air. You And I decided we need to start eating healthier. You said no you I made no. So you have no interest. I should eat more vegetables and I don't Eat man, you just the natural brother. You throw these 1950s, 60 TV rules out the window. You just rock and roll and do your own thing. Dan. That was like the last two weeks Dan. That was the last two weeks on Fox and France. I watched it brother, you Just gotta dive in brother. I Watch your show. I watched your show with the morning. I know you do. And I said to Sabrina, I go, we gotta do PD on TV again. And I swear I said to her, I'm not kidding, she's nodding your head right now.


I go, you don't even need a lot of footage. It's just the last two weeks as you just said. If you look at my face in those things, maybe I was eating too much too. I must have been about 30 pounds heavier back then in case you think I'm ever making that up. Hey man, it's just true. But gee, who was my, has helped me produce the Fox Show. I don't know if You know that. Gee remembers that show. And I'm gonna tell you something about Pete. Pete had to get up really early on Saturday morning. That show was taped most of the time. You know what aired on Saturday night? We used to tape it on Friday and sometimes we would tape it pretty late. And Pete used to come on, he didn't get paid extra or anything. Why? 'cause he was a friend and we just had a good time together. That's who Pete Seth is. I'm sorry to kind of, You know, put that in there.


But I'm gonna show you who this guy really is. I'm not trying to humanize him. He's human. He humanizes himself. I don't think was ever laid too. He was right. Amazingly he just said right. Pete Egg said is one of the few guests, by the way, who was never late. You know how many times, gee. And I be sitting here like, holy shit man. The seven o'clock is the hit time. What's hard about this? He's like the only guy who was always on time. They, I'm glad You know what him having gone through, he's, he has been here the longest. He remembers all this stuff. They tried to tell you a story yesterday too. A story, not the story and it's about bigger things. It's about DEI and lethality. Foreign enemies of the United States have tried to get our military to be about everything But lethality forever because they want the country destroyed and the Democrats want the country destroyed.


Destroyed too. That's why Pete Hegseth is an enemy to them. He wants DEI out and merit back and lethality back. I'll show you what I mean with this again, disgusting segment by Senator Jack Reed. Another piece of garbage coming up next.


Hey, while we may have won this election to fight to restore our great nations only beginning, now's the time to take a stand. Patriot Mobile's leading the charge. They're America's only Christian conservative wireless provider, Patriot mobile office, a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile is in just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and our freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you get outstanding nationwide coverage 'cause they operate on all three major networks. If you have a cell phone, if you have cell phone service today, You can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. The difference every dollar you spend with Patriot Mobile supports a company believes in the first and second amendments, the sanctity of life, and our veteran and first responders switchings easy. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade their 100% US based customer service team will help you find the perfect plan. So right now, go to patriot mobile.com/dan or You can call 'em at nine seven two Patriot. You'll get a free month of service with promo code. Dan, switch to Patriot Mobile today. Defend freedom with every call and text you make. Visit patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Thank you Patriot Mobile. We appreciate it.


Here they are trying to tell you again us story that completely fell apart. The Democrats are in love with DEI and I want you to notice something here. This is disgusting. Senator Jack Reed, another communist. He's trying to claim all these benefits to DEI, which should be DIE judging people by everything but their merits, skin, colors, sex, all this other stuff. Notice in this clip here how he, and you'll see this all the time, this is why this is bigger than just Pete. He cites no data whatsoever. Just his opinion that DEI, which involves treating people unfairly is somehow beneficial to our military. Check this out, Relevant to service and the all volunteer force visibly reflects the nation it protects.


Our military is more diverse than it has ever been, but more importantly, it is more lethal than it has ever been. This is not a coincidence Mr. Stead. I hope you'll explain why you believe such diversity is making the military weak. Really, you notice how they throw this out there all the time. I'm gonna cover this tomorrow. There's a piece in Axios about this too. Our companies are moving away from DEI and it's so dangerous for the companies. You notice how they just make this stuff up. Can you please explain to me how hiring someone based on the melanin, melanin content of their skin or where they were born has anything to do with the lethality of your operation or the effectiveness of your corporate board, your corporation or your small business?


Please explain it to me without sounding like an asshole. Please notice how the senator just throws that out there with absolutely zero data to back up whatsoever that DEI has anything to do with the success of your operation. It has. It does. It is successful in destroying it. He use he, he says, I throw these Thomas soul clips and we're we're thirsty for content. That's not today. As You can tell. I'm already 24 minutes in, haven't got, look, we got to like a quarter of the show. But the great Thomas Soul had some thoughts on this. If there's one thing I need to get through to you about this, D-I-E-D-D-E-I bullshit, it's that not only is it not a good thing, it is a genuinely evil thing because it requires you in the name of quote, equity, ironically, to treat people, people unequally.


If I am at a disadvantage 'cause I am a white male, something completely outta my control, not because of my moral character, my work ethic, but I can't get a job. You are treating me unequally ironically in the name of equity. It is not just not good. It is evil and demonic and it should be condemned everywhere. Watch Thomas Soul on this quick clip. It's worth your time. Check this out. No, what the government is trying to do, what is is to set up programs justified on the assumption that they're equalizing.


I think the crucial thing is that when you try to create this equality, you don't create the equality, you create something else. I've been doing studies now for 20 years of programs designed to increase equality. They increase inequality because even when the programs are designed for disadvantaged groups, they help the affluent members of disadvantaged groups while the lower members of those groups fall further behind than ever before. And not just in the United States, in India to some extent in Malaysia, the very same thing has happened. Folks, the evidence is everywhere. This die, DEI bullshit does nothing but divide and conquer. America has nothing to do with merit treats.


People fundamentally unequally and in the name of equity destroys equality. Do you understand why yesterday's hearing was about more than that? Do you understand why the Democrats brought that up with no evidence whatsoever? Because the Democrats want America destroyed and the best way to do it is to derate and castrate or military by moving it away from lethality and making it a social experiment. That's why people like Mark Millie a pathetic human being. We're so horrible for the we're we're destructive figures in US history. Mark Millie talking about, I wanna learn about white rage. Really? You wanna learn about Nazim too? Does that have a role in the military?


Disgusting. Of course it got worse yesterday. Wait till I get to Tim Kane. I'm not even close to done with this one. Here's Senator Dick Blumenthal. I want you to watch this. Dick Blumenthal tricky dick, a lying piece of garbage who lied about his service in Vietnam. Yeah, he was all over Pete yesterday with the foe character issues they just made up. In case you guys forgot. Here's tricky Dick Blumenthal, democrat scum garbage com telling you about his service in Vietnam. Do you guys know what the problem with his service in Vietnam is? Anyone have any idea that that's that, that Justin, he's so smart, smart.


Still in college too, there was none. That's kind of a problem. It's got a name. It's called Stolen Valor. Don't listen to me, listen to him. Check this out. We have learned something very important since the days that I serve in Vietnam and you exemplify it. Whatever we think about Service in Vietnam that never ever happened. Let's get to Tim Kane here for a minute. I'm gonna show you this. Tim Kane went on this tirade about Pete. I'm not even gonna 'cause I Tim Kane's a disgusting human being. I'm not gonna play his allegations because they're disgusting and filthy and he's a piece of garbage. Senator Tim Cain from Virginia, a lot of you forget he was Hillary Clinton's nominee for vice president after she got her caboose handed to her by Donald Trump in 2016.


Tim came one on a disgusting, filthy rant against Pete Hegseth with a bunch of anonymous, unfounded discredited smears. So I got a little tip about Tim Kane, but before I get into the tip about Tim Kane, he was Senator Mark Wayne Mullen just absolutely fileting these filth bag US senators for their faux character standards that they can't seem to meet themselves. Check this out For Massachusetts brought up about serving on a, on a board inside the military industry and yet your own secretary that you all voted for Secretary of Austin.


We had to vote on a waiver because he stepped off the board of Raytheon. But I guess that's okay because that's a Democrat secretary of defense. But but you so quickly forget about that and then Senator Kane, or I guess I better use the senator for Virginia, starts bringing up the fact that what if you showed up drunk to your job? How many senators have showed up drunk to vote at night? Have any of you guys asked them to step down and resign for their job? And don't tell me you haven't seen it because I know you have. And then how many senators do You know have got a divorce before cheating on their wives?


Did you ask them to step down? No, but it's for show You guys make sure you make a big show and point out the hypocrisy because a man's made a mistake and you want to sit there and say that he's not qualified. Gimme a joke. I mean, it is so ridiculous that you guys hold yourself as this higher standard and you forget you got a big plank in your eye. I think we'll be including that in our top 10 clips of the year, even though it's January folks, these people are disgusting. These people up on Capitol Hill are human filth. They're only up there and the the reason they're up there is 'cause they're good liars. That's it. One of the proudest days of my life, although I didn't know it at the time, was when I lost in my race for office without sacrificing my principles.


You get to be a good liar. You'll get elected. You can't lie in a swing district, you're not gonna get elected. You know what, I'm okay with that. God had a different plan, but Mark Wayne Mullen is right. These people are garbage. Ask their families, ask the lobbyists. These people are filth and Tim Cain may be the filthiest one of all. So I'm just gonna read to you almost word for word in order to protect the identity of a source about something Tim Kane was up to. Maybe Tim Kane should go under oath and ask these questions given that he has such high standards. Hold on Tim, I know you're watching by the way. I know you saw my tweet. We have millions of followers. I know you saw it.


You ready? Standby. Last break of the show.


You've all heard me talk about arm colostrum By now, it's one of the best kept secrets in the health industry For a long time, insiders have been using it. I've been using it for a very long time. Arm colostrum has thousands of people reporting absolutely transformational benefits. Me included. They have tens of thousands of five star reviews and life changing stories. Arm colostrum is a proprietary concentrate of bovine colostrum that harnesses over 400 living bioactive nutrients that can help strengthen the barriers of your body and help fuel cellular health. For thousands of research back health benefits, folks, I can personally attest to it. I put two three scoops in my protein shakes every morning. Arm colostrum can strengthen immunity and gut health, improve fitness and metabolism, and enhance skin and hair radiance. We've worked out a special offer for my audience. Receive 15% off your first order, go to try arm.com/dan or enter code Dan and get 15% off your first order. That's T-R-Y-A-R-M-R-A try arma.com/dan. Paula asked me yesterday if you had to take two or three supplements a day and that's it, which one would you take first? Colostrum try arm.com/dan. These statements of products are not been evaluated by the DA. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition. They statements information are not a substitute oral for alternative to seeking care from your healthcare providers. Thank you Arma


and our last sponsor of the day.


MyPillow. Listen, I used to wake up sore from head to toe, so whine about it all the time now for the the first time in a long time, wake up feeling great. I never knew how important a good night's sleep in your sleep posture was. To the rest of the day, thanks to MyPillow, you will get a standard classic MyPillow for wholesale prices only 1488, but it gets even better for a limited time. They're gonna offer the same entire classic collection at wholesale prices. Get queen size my pillows for just 1888. Upgrade to king size for only a dollar mark. The body pillows for 29 88 multi-use pillows for only 9 88. They're so sure you'll be satisfied. They offer a 10 year warranty and a 60 day money back guarantee plus all orders over $75. Ships absolutely free. My pillows offering an amazing deal on the classic MyPillow collection. Go to mypillow.com, click on the radio podcast square or call 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2 or go to mypillow.com and use promo code Dan my first name and get these incredible offers. Once again, that's 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2 or go to mypillow.com and use promo code Dan. Don't lose another night's a good, another night of good sleep. Thank you MyPillow, we appreciate it.


So during the show yesterday, I get a tip from a friend who says, You know Dan, it's really interesting that disgusting Virginia Senator Tim Kane, communist Democrats attacking Pete because I have an unimpeachable source, firsthand witness who told me, well let's just read it here, that he witnessed Tim Cain have quote nephews, he notes, that's not a typo, plural. Nephews come to his hotel room late evenings and leave in the morning when he was on the ticket with Hillary. He notes and this guy has the nerve to attack Pete Timbo.


Just curious, you got an answer for that? Is that a conspiracy theory? I mean, you're into unfounded allegations. The difference with this one is this seems to be founded by a firsthand witness passing this information on. What do you say about that? Do you, you wanna go under oath? Talk about that one. Maybe you should get the people there who may have witnessed it under oath and maybe they can talk about it. I mean, you seem to have a lot of unfounded information against Pete Hegseth. You seem comfortable putting out there. What about the information against you? How many nephews do you have? Nephews, what are you doing over there? It's kind of weird, isn't it? What's going on in that hotel room?


Timbo, any ideas? Oh, you think you're above scrutiny? Oh, how dare you. How dare you seem to like unfounded allegations. The difference against the allegation with with Pete is they're just made up. These seem to be legit. Anything to say, Tim, do me a favor guys. Bino Army. You know we're really good at this. John Fund is still this John Fund's career is totally ruined. Now, after you made up that story, thanks to you, I have seen you on Twitter asking John fun to collect his a hundred thousand dollars for his unfounded story that I picked or chose Matt Gaetz and Pete Seth. I did not. Now let's ask Senator Tim Kane. So why go to Twitter respectfully? Of course I asked Tim about his nephews, see what he has to say.


Maybe they are nephews, just kind of curious why they're in the hotel room tonight. This is kind of weird, but Jido army, Anita, just marshal an effort here. Get the generals speak in truth. All of y'all, eh? Maybe ask Timbo, see what he's gotta say about that. You know, folks, I just want you to know that the people trying to hold Pete Hegseth to this faux high moral standard they claim they live up to as well. Keep in mind, these are United States senators who are actually voting for budgets for the Pentagon. They're almost more powerful than the Pentagon Chiefs themselves are saying we can be degenerate losers and do whatever we want, but if someone just LOBs an allegation against you like you had a beer here or there, then you are definitely not worthy.


If that sounds ridiculous and hypocritical. It is. And another group that bothers me, and I've told this story often is the media. The media. Oh my gosh, Pete Heg said may have had a beer once in a while. Yeah, he's a combat vet. He's seen a lot. He's entitled to relax. He's not breaking any laws. Last time I checked, consuming alcohol responsibly was not illegal. The weird thing is I've been on the press plane and the stories about the press plane. The press plane is the plane that flies with Air Force one on foreign trips, ladies and gentlemen, pre camera cell phones. If you only saw the debauchery that happened on this press plane between the infidelity and the drinking and all that other stuff, I just think if you're gonna write about it, you should be honest and say, well I'm an expert in this.


I do it myself. Oh that press plane. If we only could have taken pictures back in the day, you would never respect these media people again. Not that you respect them. Now, of course the hearing got worse yesterday. Here is the worst presidential candidate in modern American history. Kamala Harris, eh, maybe not Kirsten Gillibrand. Who's Kirsten Gillibrand exactly. She is a really dumb senator from New York. She is dumb as crazy Hirono, I'm not sure, but she's certainly up there. Watch what happens when she makes the cardinal mistake of a hearing like this. Do you guys know what it is? Never ever ask a question you don't know the answer to and Pete's a lot smarter than dumbass Gillibrand.


Check this out. And As you said in your statement, do you agree anybody should be able to serve in the military if they meet the standards? Senator, as the president has stated, I don't disagree with the overturn of Don't Ask Hotel. Great. I don't care if you agree with the answer or not. Do not ask a question. You don't know the answer to folks. I try to make this show instructive. Anybody can talk about the hearing. I'm trying to give you like little life lessons for tactical politics going forward.


I'm dead serious when I tell you this. Owning the libs is great, but make sure you own the libs and it reply. It goes the other way too. You wanna own the conservatives then make sure you've got a guy pinned down. Don't ask a question you're not sure about the answer to 'cause you'll look like a freaking idiot like Pocahontas did yesterday too. Well you plume and I'll be a lobbyist like the generals. Oh man, I'm not a general, it was a total Bart Simpson Nelson months moment and then this happened yesterday. Tammy Duckworth, who thank you for your service. I always say that because that's a, having said that, that still does not entitle you to be a moron.


As often as Tammy Duckworth is a moron, this woman mate. I mean, if you really believe after getting smoked and getting your ass kicked in every single swing state that this is the kind of stuff that's gonna save you outta hearing. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. Screaming like a deranged banshee, like a lunatic outta hearing, looking like a moron. Please, please, whoever told you to do this whatever focus group, I will personally finance you hiring them again, here's Tammy Duckworth having an embarrassing meltdown clearly is confused. Pete Seth is not an accountant, therefore would not do audits. And second, Tammy Duckworth seems unaware that the Pentagon has failed.


Put that up please. Under Reuters Pentagon has failed the last six budgets. Audits. That's under Joe Biden too. Tammy Duckworth seems completely unaware of this because she's an idiot. La la la. Check this out. Have you let an audit of any organization, yes or no? I don't want a long answer. Yes or no. Have you led an audit of any organization of which you were in charge Senator? In both of the organizations I ran, we were always completely fiscally Responsible. Yes or no? Did you lead an audit and the way by leading yes or no? Did you need an audit? Yes or no's Been completely whatcha afraid of you can't answer this question. Yes or no? Did you lead an audit? Do you not know this answer or Senator? Every or every part of my leadership of these organizations Has or been misrepresented to talk or I take that as a no.


Or Again, this absolute buil screaming like Banshee from the X-Men, right? Breaking windows everywhere like a lunatic is apparently totally unaware that Biden's Pentagon under the black man has not passed an audit either. Oh my gosh, that's so offensive. The black man, Danny has a name. Yes, I'm well aware of his name. His name is Lloyd Austin. The problem is Joe Biden's not unaware of his name. Really? Yes. Here's Joe Biden calling our current defense secretary Lloyd Austin, the black man. Watch yourself. It's all about Treating people with dignity and it's about making sure that we look, for example, look at the heat I'm getting because I, I named a, the Secretary of Defense, the black man.


I, IIII guys, I can't with this clip the black man. I always, I You know what? I'm gonna leave a delay next time before because I'm waiting for the shit show Losers at Media matters to go, oh my gosh, how offensive, right Justin, The Dan Bongino Show called The Defense Secretary, the black man. I'm waiting, I I should leave a delay so they forget the second part, but we're not calling, we know his name. His name's Lloyd doesn't. Biden doesn't know his name. He is called him the black man and the general, he doesn't even know his name. Tammy Duckworth seems totally unaware of that. Again, thinks Pete Hegg said this, an accountant, all of a sudden you, you are you announcing a new queen of the Charact.


Without my permission, Tarloff is not losing that race anytime soon. Tammy Duckworth for all her buffoonery has to do a whole lot more to take out Tarloff folks. Yesterday on Norm Coleman, former senator who has been helping Pete Hagg Seth out, he spoke up on Capitol Hill. It's a quick clip but it's worth your time. He talks about Lloyd Austin and how this last defense secretary, You know, they're alleging Pete doesn't have this long military industrial complex resume. Well, norm Coleman brings up some interesting points. Well, all the people you seem to be hiring that do have this resume keep screwing shit up. So maybe we should try something different like an outside the box perspective.


It's worth hearing. Check this out. Four years ago, president Biden's nominee Lloyd Austin, a good and honorable man received 97 votes on the floor of the Senate and we went through the debacle of the Afghanistan withdrawal. Putin invaded Ukraine, the Houthis in danger, our shipping lanes. We witnessed Israeli miracles against Americans, enemies in the Middle East where the United States was more of an impediment than a help. Our recruitment numbers have sunk dramatically and our southern border has suffered a slow but dangerous invasion. Yes, Pete EF is an out-of-the box nominee and I say it's high time to get out of the box. You're damn right Norm Coleman brilliantly said, we've had inside the box standard CV resume nominees in the past and what did we get?


We got Iraq, we got Afghanistan. I, in the past we've had the, the, the Vietnam, which we didn't have to lose. I we can go back as far as you want. We had a bunch of, You know, geniuses in the Kennedy administration and look what happened there. You look back to how history at these defense secretaries who've handled these situations poorly. Maybe it's time to get a guy like Pete who was an actual door kicker in there, to look under the hood and see what's actually going on without these preconceived notions of what should and shouldn't be. And his name isn't the black man, his name is Lloyd Austin. Just for Joe Biden's sake as he destroys the country with just a few days left.


Folks, just quickly on these California wildfires as well. Yesterday I spoke about a topic again I tried to make, whether it's Pete, he that's hearing or the California wildfires about bigger stories and narratives because they speak to who we are. And I don't mean in the stupid Joe Biden way, that's not who we are. No, I mean really who we are as human beings. Human beings tend to think in stories. They think in beginning, middle, and end. We've gotta give people a coherence story. The story in California is a story of a number of different things contributing to this. Witch is brew. It's not all government that did it. It's not all environmental factors. A lot of things happen dry season.


You had mishandling of government assets, pathetic leadership, water issues. You've had all kinds of bureaucratic hurdles to thinning out this dry environment. There were a bunch of things that were preventable is the point point I'm trying to think is I'm gonna give you an honest perspective. Was it 100% government that did this? No, it wasn't. Was maybe 70 to 80% of it. Government mismanagement, who knows? Could be more, could be a little less. But yeah, it's around there. The fact that lefties will still not hold themselves accountable for Monopolistically running California into the ground, having the place burn to the ground speaks to exactly the problem with the left. Whereas we as Republicans, we as Republicans will criticize our own.


That's what the whole Tea party effort was. We will criticize free market businesses if they screw Americans over. You've got Donald Trump right now questioning a whole bunch of things from the insurance industry to pharmaceuticals. He j Pharmaceuticals, he just brought, excuse me, pharmaceuticals, he just brought on Bobby Kennedy who's hopefully gonna be the next HHS secretary. No one scrutinized the farm industry more than him. You notice how we do that, but the Democrats will never criticize government. I say that 'cause of this New York Post article recall effort against Newsom is underway in California. Folks, I hope I'm wrong, but I gotta tell you, if I'm a betting guy, even if there's is another recall PO petition, I can almost guarantee you Newsom beats it again because there are still people in California like Queen of the Karens, Jessica Tarloff and others who, who will just never question that maybe their allegiance to big government is misguided.


Here's what I mean. Everything else is to blame except government. There will never be accountability on the left. Accountability for the but not for me. Hat Tip Media Research Center, they sent me this yesterday. Here's about a minute of the new media narrative folks. It's definitely climate change. Not the dreadful mayor, not the dreadful handling of the reservoirs, not the dry fire hydrants. It's definitely climate change. Check this out. You have To be a fool to not understand what climate change is doing to this country and the world. Wildfires raging in LA are highlighting the risk of climate change. Yes, climate change. The Wildfires in California are the latest in a string of natural disasters made worse by climate change.


Big part of why we're seeing more wildfires is climate Change. We're gonna talk about these destructive fires compounded by climate. A Lot of people talking about climate change. Climate Change set up the conditions for this supercharged Fire exacerbated and increased by climate change. Climate Change, which is political, but is clearly a major driver here. Climate change will only make wildfires more common. As we continue covering these destructive wildfires out west the state's, governor LA's Mayor, they are really fending off attacks from Donald Trump and his allies. Donald Trump is blaming President Biden and Governor Newsom for these fires. It Is a well-worn page in Trump's playbook. This is Classic deflection because he doesn't wanna talk about climate change.


Amplify lies and direct blame at perceived political enemies. Everything except talking about the intensifying climate crisis. You notice how they just bullshit their own. Now very few people are buying this because their houses are burning down and even if their narrative that this was climate change was correct, what the hell did you do about it? You've been telling us about climate change since freaking Al Gore's stupid movie. You didn't do anything. That's assuming what you were saying is true, which it isn't. Either way you dip shits were in charge. At what point did the people of California say, even if they're right, they let my house burn down because they knew about a problem they didn't fix.


Do you understand how there is no scenario by which these big government scum, commies can escape accountability if you are a reasonable person that's asking a lot on the left. Here's the mayor of valet. Just again, gross, just disgusting. She asked a pretty simple question. Hey man, do you have any regrets? Like you weren't even in the country despite the National Weather Service there warning about dangerous wildfires like you decided to leave to go to Ghana. Any regrets you think she'd say, You know what, that was a mistake. I ask Your forgiveness won't happen again. Nope. Nope. She's a deep blue lefty in a deep blue city. No accountability.


Imagine a corporate CEO saying this. Check this out. Looking Back, would you have taken that trip overseas? You know I am gonna focus today, but please on what we, no, Can I ask you one question About Brown? Look at her smiling. Imagine a corporate CEO inventing a paper shredder that has a malfunction and sucks in your tie and kills everyone that uses it. You have any regrets? Nah. You are out the country when a bunch of people died. Nah, no big deal. No sweat. They'll figure it out. Well actually they won't. They're dead. Yeah, exactly. Figure it out. They're dead.


Dead. You proud of yourselves? I wonder what tar law's gonna say about that. Well, that's not exactly what she meant. She had no regret. Folks, you cannot trust the media and left wingers on anything. I am as serious as a freaking heart attack. Everything they tell you is a story, not the story I will never tell you Republicans are the solution to your problems ever. I'm simply telling you, the cause of your problems are Democrats in the media. That is it. And that's a fact. They lie to you about everything. You can't trust them on drones, presidential security, FBI, weaponization media reporting nothing.


They lie to you all the time. I want you to keep your eyes on this story. Katherine, her is over at X now doing some tremendous reporting. It's one of the few honest people out there. There's a story. It's not getting enough attention. Do you remember years ago the stories came out about these directed energy weapons. Our foreign service officers and people in embassies were coming away with these mysterious illnesses, their headaches and they would get nauseous all the time. And of course the government and the media was like, ah, that's nothing the government says it's nothing really. Just like they told us the drones were nothing too. Well, Katherine, her got a whistleblower who's saying, I don't think they're telling you the truth. Who do you believe Katherine?


Her or the left wing media in the government. I believe Katherine her. Watch this segment. You were attacked. Yes. You were attacked by an energy weapon. Yes, a directed energy weapon. The intelligence community has attempted to thwart congressional investigative efforts to uncover the truth at every turn. I mean, that sounds like a government coverup. It's a coverup and it's terrifying and it should be terrifying to all Americans. The new congressional report found it appears increasingly likely that a foreign adversary is behind these injuries. Vertigo? Yes. Eye tracking issue. Yes. Traumatic brain injuries.


Yes. Did the CIA gaslight you, Me and every other a HI victim, it was designed to make us think ourselves are crazy and question our own injuries. Is it reasonable to think that the intelligence community doesn't want to acknowledge a foreign adversary? Yes. This defense department letter is significant. Yes. We believe your experiences are real. Folks, I wanna put this out in conjunction with this next piece of video from Tucker Carlson about these UAPs drones, UFOs, unidentified aerial phenomenon. Because I'm convinced based on my sourcing and my reporting that the government does, which you cannot trust ever for any reason and the left wing media are hiding from you.


The fact that there are technologies out there they have no answer for, and because they've spent their time on DEI and other bullshit and not lethality, counterintelligence and counter-terrorism in an opportunity cost manner. They don't wanna admit we're being out technology by enemies. So what do they do? They just say directed energy weapons. Ah, that's all bullshit. Whatever they tell you, your default mechanism should be to believe the opposite. That's why I don't dismiss things like this. Tucker Carlson's doing an interview the other day and he's talking about a source on these Chinese drones. Did you see this? It's another thing. It's not getting enough attention. I have no reason to believe he's lying about it. I've known Tucker a long time is the source.


I don't know, but it's pretty compelling information that comports with something I've told you from my sources that not all, but many of these drones are seeing in the skies are China-based technology and China and the United States government just doesn't wanna admit there's nothing they can do about it. Interesting clip. Watch this. An intel person told me that, that that this person believed that they were in fact Chinese and that a Chinese satellite went down, was visible to the naked eye. There were news stories about it. It it evaporated. It burned up. And that this person told me that was taken down by the US government that was a command and control satellite for these drones.


Oh, okay. And the belief was the Chinese government was sending the following message. We're moving on Taiwan and maybe other things. Wow, okay. You can't do anything about it. Did I? Did? Did we not say exactly that? We said that before this clip. Whoever's telling Tucker Carlson that the sources are telling me the exact same thing, that China with the spy balloon and the drones wants you to see it. There are so many people who asked me on Facebook and Rumble during the radio show when I brought this up. Why would China be so dumb to show us what they're doing? Because they want us to see it. They want us to see it.


That's exactly what Tucker's hearing. They're saying, we're moving on Taiwan. Here's what we can do to you guys. Stay out of it. It's exactly what I'm hearing. This is what we can do to you. They probably wanted us to find their infiltration into our infrastructure system. I'm not telling you all these UAPs are from China. I'm telling you a good percentage of them are, and they don't wanna tell you. That's why I don't believe them on these directed energy weapons either. I don't have any a top end high end sourcing on that. I'm relying on Katherine, her, who's a great reporter in her reporting, but I believe her before I believe the G, the government or the FBI or anyone else. They've lied to us.


Katherine hasn't. Check out that reporting. Okay. What the hell is, oh, you got it. Play that again. Fuck you with the drive through. Okay? You know Leo Getz, if you've not, it's not the greatest lead the weapon movie, but Joe PE man, you got it. A drive through. You drive away for today. Fuck with the drive. They are fucking you at the drive through Joe Biden. I'm gonna cover this extensively tomorrow, so don't miss the show. Walking Out the door is giving you the double barrel like I've never se this guy is. I mean, you wanna talk about Caligula? That's this guy tomorrow, Thursday, if you're watching this. Delayed Thursday.


Tomorrow's Thursday, right? Yes, 2:30 PM Eastern Time. Donald Trump me my radio show. We got a lot of questions. Let's hope he has a lot of answers. Be there. We'll leave the Rumble live tomorrow so You can stay 2:30 PM start. Please do me a favor. I need you Bun Gino Army here. Please go to rumble.com/bonino or just download the Free Rumble app and give us a follow. We're trying to get to 4 million followers. That's a huge number by the end of this year. That would be really amazing for us. We'd really appreciate it. You know why? I just want a new Rumble statue. Honestly, this one says 2.5 million.


We're up to like, what are we up to now? Anybody know? Can you look 3.0, not 3.1 more than that? 3.47 million. We're trying to get to 4 million by the end of the year. Click that follow button. It's free. Watch us. Join us for the live stream. We were number one yesterday. Again, number one, live stream in the United States. Thanks to you. Join us at 11:00 AM Eastern Time every single day. Watch video on demand anytime, and please give us a follow On Apple Podcast and Spotify search for The Dan Bongino Show. Click that follow button. It's free. Helps us stay on the charts. You guys, Bonino Army, help me out. I really appreciate it. Means a lot to me. See you in the radio show here in a little bit. Back here. Live at 11:00 AM tomorrow. See you then. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.