
Welcome to VINCE on a Wednesday. We had a false start today on the Wednesday. The globalists tried to shut down the sound, but We got it back up and running. Thank God, great to be with you today. I've got a huge show ahead for you and my gratitude as always, to the tens of thousands of people who are already piling in on Rumble. Thank you for that, that we'll, we'll see those numbers continue to grow. And thank you also for the number seven position for podcasts in the entire country, according to pod track this week. Again, if we can just defund NPR, we'd be number five, The Left rigs, everything. Why can't we do a little rigging? Let's, let's get rid of these guys. Let's get to number five. Thank you for joining us today. Hey, The Left, speaking of The Left, their blood thirst is out of control, just completely out of control, reaching record levels.


We'll get into some of the numbers behind that. Really scary where everything is headed. We're also gonna talk about, Dan Bonino is the deputy director of the FBI. As you well know, the threats to him I think are pretty real, as you might imagine. And as a result, he's got a security detail cover, protecting him. NBC is trying to scandalize that this week because they're trying to hurt him. They're trying to smear him for being protected from the radical left. And if you're looking for evidence that they're trying to smear him, look no further than the fact that they include Frank Fugazi in the attack, which really tells you everything. Oh yeah, that guy's a neutral arbiter of all things. Dan Bonino. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. That'll come up soon.


And then the president battling it out with China now, 104% tariffs on China as of this hour. Where does all of this go? We'll discuss it all ahead on, VINCE. Glad to have you with us today.


Alright, let me, let me share with you some, some important information about our sponsors, and I will, as soon as our production booth puts the, puts the ad copy in front of me. I know that we've had, we've had so many crazy fits and starts this morning. Justin, what do We got, brother? Tell the audience whose fault this is. Go ahead Justin. It's the deep state. He says the deep Justin's working on this. Who am I, Justin? Who am I supposed to help people about right now? Tell me, tell me Patriot Mobile. Okay, So I will do the hard work of pulling it up on my computer while you guys try and figure out how to, how to get to that. You have it up. There it is. Oh, hey, look at that. Yeah, this is going splendidly. Thank you everybody. Hey, while we may have won this election to fight, to restore our great nation is only just beginning. Now is the time to take a stand. Patriot Mobile is leading the charge as America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on either quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and our freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you will get outstanding nationwide coverage because look, it's very simple. They operate on all three major networks, which is very cool. And if you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile very easily with a coverage guarantee. But here's the big difference for you. Every dollar that you spend supports a company that believes in the first and the second amendments, the sanctity of life and our veterans and our first responders. Switching is so completely easy. You can keep your number, keep your phone, or even upgrade their 100% US-based customer support team will help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot and you will get a free month of service with the promo code. VINCE, switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend Freedom with every call and text that you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


And we're off. Oh, what's a, what's a Wednesday without a couple of humps in the show. Great to, great to be here with you today. As always. We've got, we've got record, record Assassination Culture right now going on The Left. Have you detected this at all, that The Left has become very okay with political violence, perhaps. You know, during the campaign when there were multiple attempts on President Trump's life, or perhaps the nonstop leftwing attacks on American cities, the billions of dollars in damage, the murders at the hands of The Left wing rioters, the, the people who are menacing Tesla dealerships and pooping on Tesla vehicles and scratching them up and throwing Molotov cocktails.


Have you detected this phenomenon kind of all over the place? And it's the left's leaders who have breathed a whole bunch of life into this. They, they rationalize this all the time and they're like, well, violence is bad. But you can see why people might do something like that. That's generally to the extent that they, they say anything about it, they might say that, but they've been breathing life into this. And they do it by, by advancing a whole bunch of lies. They say that Donald Trump is a threat to democracy, that our very democracy is gonna be destroyed by this. And what they really mean, of course, is that their bureaucracy, their rigged system, their captured system is under threat because of our democratic principles fighting back against them. Our constitutional republic has decided we don't want you in charge anymore.


So the voters speak and then they say that's a threat to democracy. You understand the system, and then they, they convince their base, they groom their base into believing that their goals, whatever the they happen to be, and fundamentally they're just power for The Left should be achieved by any means necessary. What does that mean? By any means necessary, it means up to and including murder, up to and including grotesque acts of violence. It's all justified because it serves some sort of, of greater moral good. So therefore do this. And you are justified in your attacks. You're allowed to take such heinous steps.


That's The Left. And that brings us to today where we have a brand new survey on the subject. How's The Left feel about all of this Assassination Culture has exploded. On The Left, there's a new poll that shows about half of liberals believe that killing President Trump and Elon Musk are justified. In fact, a majority of the respondents say that it, the The Left wing respondents, The Left of center people, left of center is a very generous interpretation. These are very left wing people. They found the majority of them say that it's okay. It's justified to assassinate the president of the United States. Donald Trump new survey, finding Assassination Culture growing on the American left since the attempted killing of President Trump in July of 2024.


Data released this week, Monday from the Network Contagion Research Institute found that 48% to 55% of left of center people at least somewhat justifying murder for Elon Musk and President Trump respectively, respectively, which means 48% say it's okay for Elon. 55% say it's okay for President Trump. The findings come after a historically violent election season in 2024 with two known assassination attempts on the president in July and September. I wanna emphasize something. I added the known assassination attempt attempts component. Those are just the ones we know about.


Those are the most, kind of the closest ones that we are aware of. As we saw the assassination attempt in Butler, where the president was shot through the ear by a woodby assassin, that crooks character, Thomas Crooks. And then we also had the Ukrainian Act, the guy who wanted to kill Trump for Ukraine, who attempted to do that while hiding in the bushes with a weapon as the president of the United States was golfing. And luckily a secret service agent just a little bit ahead of the president, sees this guy engages him. He takes off running, he gets captured. I've got more on his story in just a moment and his efforts to try and kill the president.


But this survey finds that these attitudes are not fringe, unfortunately, it's not a small number of of lefties who feel this way. It reflects in emergent Assassination culture. They find grounded in far left authoritarianism and increasingly normalized digital discourse. The group produced its study with the Rutgers University Social Perception Lab and surveyed just over a thousand American citizens about their attitudes towards political violence. 48.6 saying, murdering Elon Musk is justified 55%. These are of left wingers saying that murdering President Trump is justified.


This is a deeply, deeply dangerous development in the United States, And it is the left's leaders who are doing it in so far as anybody as a, as a permission structure in their head for this, it's the Jasmine Crocketts of the worlds, the Nancy Pelosis of the world, the Chuck Schumers, the vile demented language that they use to describe the choice of voters. Joe Biden did this status presidency. He was describing people who vote for Trump as advancing quote, threats to our democracy, which is another way of saying that our system is existentially dependent on preventing Trump from becoming President, that if he does, our country is going to die.


And so when you keep saying that, it turns out not just crazy people, but even the people who represent the majority of the American left. And you can broadly categorize them as crazy, but I just mean the full blown mentally ill are gonna be susceptible to some of those signals. But when you have a majority of people who identify as left wing saying, yeah, it's justified killing, totally justified. We've reached something very dangerous, haven't we? And this is a trend, this is not a new development. You can say, okay, look, this NCRI group that, that pulled this data together with Rutgers University, Rutgers not, not some hotbed of right wing or anything, but, but say you wanna, you wanna question them, that's fine, the Network Contagion Research Institute.


But the reality is this has been a trend. This has been a trend in, let's, let me take you back in time. This is a, this is a, a survey from late 2024. This is a, a September of 2024 that was performed by Scott Rasmussen at RMG research. Take a look at this. 17% say America would be better off if Trump had been killed. This was in September of last year. This is before the election. And this is after the attempts on president's life. On the President's life, the desensitization of Americans following the second assassination attempt of former President Trump is alarming.


17% of voters believe America would've been better off if the president had been killed. And last week's attempted assassination. That was, that was the second one by the Ukrainian Act. That figure includes 28% of Democrats who say that America would've been better off another 24% say they're not sure. Fewer than half of Democrats in the poll could bring themselves to say that America would not be better off if Trump had been assassinated. So the trend line is continuing here. This is the left's growing blood lust. And that's, again, not the only one. There was a Southern poverty law setter poll that was done back in 2022.


I'm gonna show you this one now. Take a look at this now. SPLC, not right wing at all. This is a left wing radical disgraceful organization that took a once good name, an absolutely destroyed it in the service of the most radical left wing causes. The SPLC poll found that nearly half of young male Democrats approve of assassinating a politician who is harming our country or democracy. That was a left wing group that conducted the survey back in 2022 and found that. So again, the numbers are only growing. And that brings me to a, a, a core point that I wanna make here that I don't feel like we have clear answers on how many incoming assassination attempts or threats have President Trump and Elon Musk in particular received.


Now, I'm, I'm a little torn on whether or not we wanna know the answer to that or tell me, do you wanna know the answer? Do you want the administration to be transparent with us, to tell us about how many incoming assassination attempts or threats there have been? Do you want an answer to that question? Because right now, the administration is, is not being forthcoming. They're not, they're not telling us that that might be because they don't want to, you know, scare anybody or make anybody nervous about how unstable things are. But at the same time, I, I do feel like it's important that the American people know just how crazy The Left has made things. Yeah. So there's a mixed response going on right now in the chat, and I can see why there's a lot of yeses coming in.


I I do think that this look, it's not gonna change the fact that the president is protected at all. The president's protected by the Secret Service and hopefully it's a lot better protection. He was really receiving on July of last year. Elon Musk, of course, needs protection. He's under constant threat. You know this. And I think that they should share the story. I think they should talk about the volume of this. I'm, I'm, I'm inclined to think because I want the rest of the American people to know just how insane The Left has become and just how pervasive this grooming has become. They've been grooming their base into That's right. Somebody says a communist hate machine.


Yeah, they've been grooming their base into this. So it might be, it might be worthwhile. At least it's worth the White House considering this and making a considered judgment about releasing that. But I, I, you and I both know, the incoming has to be immense. If you've got over half of all people who identify as center left saying, yeah, I could, I could see that. Take him out. We're in a very dangerous territory. In fact, in a moment I wanna share with you something go, what's going on with Dan Bonino and the NBC is attacking Dan for having protection. There are FBI agents who've been assigned to protect Dan to, to keep him safe and alive in order to do his job.


You and I know there's a reason for that. There's a reason for that. And NBC is attacking him. They're making him seem like some sort of out of touch elitist for, for having protection, which my guess is he didn't even ask for, he didn't even ask for more in a moment on that, I'll get your reaction to all of this ahead as


well. But first, did you know that fast growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the United States with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers? They've got all of the plants that your yard needs. They've got fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more. And whatever plants you're interested in, fast growing trees, they've got you covered. You can order online, you can get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days. The packaging is awesome. I just received my red bud tree the other day and the box around it was very well done. As soon as it arrives, it's got a little note on it. It says, Hey, open it up, get it out, get it planted so the thing can stay alive and healthy. They have an alive and thrive guarantee that ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy. And you will get support from trained plant experts if you'd like on call to help you plan your landscape. It's an amazing service. All my gardening friends use fast growing trees. They love it This spring, they've got the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to this program get 15% off their first purchase when using the code VINCE at checkout. That's an additional 15% off@fastgrowingtrees.com using the code VINCE at checkout. Now is the perfect time to plant. Offer is valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply. Go to fast growing trees.com for details. Fast growing trees,


okay, let me, let me get into what's going on with NBC and what I'll, what I'm gonna allow them to do first is to give you their absurd segment where they say, well this is crazy. Dan has protection now FBI, deputy Director Dan Bonino. And they like to besmirch him. They like to say that, oh, he is just, he's just some, this is, it's meant to be an insult. He was just a podcaster. Why is this guy the deputy director of the FBI listen to this sanctimonious horrific segment from NBC and then I'll, and I'll explain what's going on on the other side. Here's cut 12 NBC's ridiculous report on Dan NBC.


News has exclusive new reporting about a first for the FBI. The agency is creating a multi-agent bodyguard team to protect the bureau's. Number two, Dan Bonino NBC's Ken Delan and has the reporting. Ken, this has never happened before. I think Why now? Good afternoon, Chris. Yes, it's never happened before because every previous deputy director, director of the FBI was a career agent with a badge and a gun. And so none of them ever felt the need for a full security detail. Bongino, of course, is a former podcaster with lots of experience criticizing the FBI, but no experience working there po. Now the FBI declined to answer our questions. So we don't know why it was decided that Bino needed a full security detail.


We do know that a notice went out inside the bureau looking for field agents who would be willing to leave their jobs temporarily and work for 30 days at headquarters protecting bonino. The current and former officials tell me this is going to be expensive because 24 7 protection will require as many as 20 agents will have to be put up in temporary housing. And many people I talk to question the need for it, given that bonino is a former Secret Service agent and New York police officer who could easily qualify to carry an FBI service weapon. They also point out that it runs contrary to FBI Director Cash Patel's desire to get FBI agents out of headquarters and into the field. Absurd still says they can do more to fight crime. What's happening here is obviously the opposite.


Dan Bonino is recruiting crime fighters to come back to headquarters and protect him at taxpayer expense. Bonino hasn't said anything about this, but in a recent post on X, he said he realized when he took this job that he was, quote, never going to be able to fully explain some decisions we make due to legal and ethical constraints. And he added that's a pill I agreed to swallow. Chris Kalanan, thank you. I mean, first of all, just I can, I can work backwards on that. I can work forwards on that. I can work sideways on that. So much of what you heard was a massive distortion and a lie and not at all surprising coming from Fusion. Ken Delan, the guy who is collaborating with the people who've been subverting our elections.


Ken Delan, who Dan Bonino has spent countless hours going after that guy and rightfully so. And so, of course, this idea that he's gonna be some dispassionate reporter on the subject of Dan Bonino is absurd on his face. But there he is on NBC saying that, oh, Dan is, is really, he's trying to hire personal security from the FBI so he can live a fancy lifestyle. That's the implication here. That, that you need, you get personal security so you can feel like top dog and you've got people following you around. This is insane. This is totally insane. One, the idea that Dan is craving a security detail is mentally ill.


Dan, he came from a world of the United States Secret Service. He was, he served on protective details. The allure of having one and the constant attention that is required to the point of in, of, of a, a dramatic inconvenience for the guy that's being protected and the guys who have to do the protecting. It's nothing glamorous about that. Dan knows that. The last thing Dan Bonino would be doing is taking guys off of critical roles in order to protect him for no reason other than to give him a glow up. That's the most ridiculous thing I've heard. Well, I've heard a lot of ridiculous things. It's one of the most ridiculous things I've heard this week from NBC.


That's one another here. Why do you think Dan needs protection? Why do you think Dan needs protection? Let me, I'll just give you a thought experiment. How many deputy directors of the FBI are you capable of naming? How many of them can you even name Deputy director Now directors of the FBI typically people can name them or at least some can. Deputy directors almost nobody can name a deputy director. Almost nobody. Very few. Yeah. Andrew McCabe popping up in the chat. That's the one, right? Andrew McCabe was fired for lying to the American people, lying to the FBI. And now of course he's got plumb gigs on cable news being an expert on everything.


He's a, he's a liar. So of course he becomes a burning bush in the world of the legacy media. But you can't, Dan's the exception. Dan is a guy with a massive, massive profile. I don't need to tell this audience. You know who Dan Bonino is everywhere. Dan goes, people stop him, they talk to him, they shake his hand, they recognize him. He's recognizable. So he is got a recognizable name, a recognizable face, and a very public presence. And he's been tasked to take on the FBI in a world that doesn't like him for one or, or at least probably doesn't in in by big margins because he's been that critical of the agency and The Left definitely doesn't like him.


Their view is that Dan is synonymous with Trump. And what do the numbers show us about Trump? What do the numbers show us? Oh, that's right. Assassination Culture is in play for The Left. That polls show that half of liberals believe killing the highest profile conservatives is justified. That's the data. So you think Dan is pulling people off of these assignments in the FBI for his own protection? No, that's crazy. In, in some ways, I don't know if it's the case right now, but it but at, at any given point, Dan had a bigger profile than Cash Patel. Cash Patel, the director of the FBI.


So what you and I can infer from all of this, this is not predicated on insider knowledge or anything like that. I'm just gonna stipulate that I'm just telling you, you can instantly infer from this that the threat environment is so consequential right now to guys like Dan, that they need the protection to protect, to take care of him. Also, the NBC report acts as if this security just started like, oh, they just started protecting him. It was not a secret. When, when I showed up in Florida, when Dan and I were doing the handoff in Florida for this time slot for this program, Dan didn't keep it a secret. It wasn't a secret. There were FBI personnel who were already there in Florida already protecting him.


And when I say personnel, I'm not talking one, there were multiple people there to protect him. This is because it was already publicly, publicly announced that he was the FBI deputy director incoming before he even took the job. Why would that happen? Why would that happen? The answer to that question seems really clear to me and should seem clear to you, The Left is this intense and violent and out of its mind that the FBI by that point, that Cash Patel, by that point had assessed, we gotta protect this guy. He's not even in the job yet. We have to have protection for him. So NBC tripping over itself here in this report saying, oh, this is a new thing.


This is nothing new about it. This, this is like the, everything about this is a distortion also. Thank you fellows putting this up. You think fusion Ken Delan is, is not a tell that this is a smear job. Look at this former senior FBI official Frank Fuze, an NBC news analyst, an NBC news contributor, criticized Bon Gino's decision to not simply carry a weapon as past deputy directors have done. This is Frank Fugazi. Frank Fugazi, Mr eight eight who, who literally just makes up conspiracy theories on the air.


Who hates Dan Bonino, who has it out to get Dan Bonino? He's called upon as an expert for this story. And Fugazi says, well, of course he could carry. This is ridiculous. The question is, what is the actual risk and threat here? Or does he just want a detail? Oh yeah, that's what Dan wants. Dan wants the inconvenience of people just hanging around him all the time and and watching his every move like a hawk. That's again psychotic. This is taxpayer money, says Frank Fugazi we're talking about this is taxpayer money. You know, part of this is, I don't know about you, I don't think conservatives really long for security details.


I don't know a single conservative who's like, you know what I really wish I had in my life. A bunch of armed guards following me all over the place. No conservatives typically move to defend themselves. Typically, it's an inconvenience to have to have a bunch of people around you to be a part of something like that. It's The Left. And the people like Frank Fugazi who are scared of guns but desperately want armed guards around them to protect them from everybody else that typically thinks in this way. Like who, like who looks at all of this and goes like, oh, that's, that's the high life I need armed guards. Hell no, I don't want that at all. The Left thinks that way.


The Left is very used to that Democrat members of Congress who are trying to disarm you, take your guns away. They've got armed guards. Cory Booker, United States senator from New Jersey, his private armed guard just got busted carrying a gun into the United States capitol this past week that was just ahead of his ridiculous filibuster. His talk Aon that he did. The guy gets arrested going into the capitol building. So that's the left's attitude. We've got our armed guards. Americans need to be disarmed. We want armed guards that proves that we're important. It's an expression of that. It's the same reason that the Biden administration didn't give RFK Junior Secret Service protection.


Biden didn't want to convey to the American people that RFK was important and worthy of protection. So they didn't give him a secret service detail. They didn't wanna legitimize his presidential campaign because in their view, a security detail creates the impression that you are important. Therefore, we'd be helping him politically, what a bunch of psychos and RFK of course had to hire his own private security to defend himself from the many incoming attacks. Which makes sense given that the Kennedys are the most assassinated family in political history of the United States. So these are the left's attitudes about all of this.


One other thing about this NBC piece that I want that I wanna bring your attention to, they claim that this is unprecedented. That an FBI deputy director would have armed protection. They claim you heard it just a moment ago, look at this line from the NBC piece on the subject. A single agent was assigned part-time to accompany the previous deputy director Paul abate to certain events current and former official set. And then they point out that ABATE also carried his own service weapon. They added and he had a full detail when he traveled overseas. Oh, okay. So it's not without precedent. Actually FBI deputy directors do receive protection.


And again, by inference, the threat environment that we live in now that Dan lives in now suggests that he needs a lot more, his profiles higher, The Left hates him big time. And a majority of lefties say assassinating high profile conservatives. Totally okay. Totally justified. So there's N-B-C-N-B-C, which, what is the end result of that? Measure them by the effect of a story like this. What do they wanna see happen? They wanna see Dan move unprotected. They want his protection to go away. No more for you. We hate you. The last thing we want is for you to be protected from the kind of people that we speak to on a daily basis on M-S-N-B-C.


Really crazy. Anyway, I wanted to give you that update. I I I, I knew we could tear these guys limb from limb and I'm glad we did. I'm glad we did. Yeah, no, in the chat very much on board here. This is crazy. What's happening with NBC and Frank is Fugazi says, knows truth. Amazing. So yeah, these guys, these guys are, are really disgusting. And they use like these news packages, they dress 'em up in news packages to pretend like they're telling you news. They're not, they're not. They're trying to smear the guy and trying to make him less safe. Really, really grotesque. Alright, coming up. I wanna tell you about what's going on with the trade war with China as China's trying to up the ante this morning and President Trump's saying, yeah, I'm not playing around 104% tariffs right now on China.


My guess is maybe later today we'll see those numbers go up even higher. We'll see. And the effect of all of that coming up,


Hey, I've been using the bond charge infrared sauna blanket and red light face mask that they sent me and I really can't recommend them enough. They're really cool. I first turned to the sauna blanket to help with muscle recovery detoxification. It's become a game changer. It's very easy to use. You can just wrap yourself up and let the infrared heat work its magic. And it's created a real difference for me in how I've relaxed and rejuvenated and how, how rejuvenated rather that I feel afterward. And the red light face mask, that's impressive too. Very impressive. You can use it to improve your skin's texture and reduce inflammation. And it's given us, my family some pretty cool results. It's like having a mini spa treatment right at home. If you're thinking of trying them out, you're in luck. You can head to bond charge.com and use the code VINCE at checkout to get 15% off. Both of these products have made such a positive impact on our wellness routines and I'm sure you're gonna love them too. Use the code VINCE at bond charge.com to save 15%. You see, these statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


And let's see here.


And oh, and you know, look, we're about to talk about the economy and you're right, things are tops and tur topsy-turvy right now in the economy. And as a result, it can feel like you're walking on shaky ground Prices have been stuck a really high level since Biden screwed everything up And it seems like nothing is affordable anymore. The president's working on that. But it's no wonder many are relying on credit cards to cover the gaps. Credit card debt is skyrocketing, it's leaving a lot of people stressed out. If you're a homeowner, you don't have to face this uncertainty alone. My friends over at American Financing can help you take control. They help you access the equity in your home to help you pay down that high interest credit card debt, giving you peace of mind and real savings. On average people just like you are saving $800 a month, plus they may close your loan in as little as 10 days. They'll let the chaos of the economy get the best of you. Call American financing now it costs you nothing to get started and you may delay two mortgage payments giving you a cushion in this uncertain time. 8 8 8 8 7 9 64 60. That's 8 8 8 8 7 9 64 60 American financing.net/ VINCE NMLS 1 8 2 3 3 4 NMLS consumer access.org.


Yeah. So Dan Bonino getting attacked here today, which, what does that mean? When the media is attacking you? I think it means you're over the target. I think that they're really annoyed by what they believe to be a very effective time for, for Dan as as the deputy director of the FBI. In fact, I do have one message from Dan this morning. He posted an update for you. Here you go. I'm gonna, I'll put this up on the big screen here for you. Here's Dan today and he said, Hey, thank you again. He's, he's giving these updates, which are good. I love these updates. Signs of progress and a sign of respect for the American people by giving these to us.


He says, many of you have asked about our recent high profile arrests of violent criminals here illegally. He emphasizes border security is national security. The FBI will continue to provide its investigative expertise to track down violent criminals who are in the country illegally. Yeah, the FBI's had a lot of good public reports on this. Cash Patel keeps coming out talking about all of the MS 13 trend deua guys that they're rounding up and getting off the streets of our country and thank God for that. That is obviously one of the top reasons that President Trump got elected getting control of that border. Also, Dan says that the director, cash Patel and I have already begun the process of reforming how we evaluate the three tiers of employees.


Okay? This is about within the FBI itself, the leaders, the managers, the agents, and the professional class and the new employees and the trainees. Lemme pause on that last one. The new employees and the trainees, they have record recruitment going on right now at the FBI that is a direct result of the change of leadership in our government. The change of leadership at that agency record numbers of applications coming into the FBI. So they've got, this is a good problem to have because that means that you can choose the cream of the crop from the people who are applying. So Dan expressing that that's one of the, the core things that they're dealing with right now.


That makes a lot of sense. He said some of these changes have already been implemented to how they evaluate everybody at the FBI. Other changes are gonna take more time. And then he reemphasizes once again that he's, he's, he realizes that asking you to trust me, he says is an insult. This isn't a trust me business. It's a get stuff done business. So you will see results. This is another way of saying what you have, what you have been asking for, what I've been asking for. I look, we've gotten a lot of talk over all these many years. I've, we've seen a lot of congressional hearings, we've seen a lot of testimony. We hear a lot about criminality going on. We know about the whole Hunter Biden laptop.


We know all the money that's flowing in. We know the Jeffrey Epstein sag that we know they have blackmail tapes of all of these guys. We know all of these details. The the discovery phase for the American people by and large is over. We're looking for the action phase. We are looking for the prosecution phase. We are looking for the FO phase from the FAFO component. That's what we're looking around looking for. And so this is a not subtle way of Dan saying, in all capital letters, you will see results. Good, good. I take that as a, a, a, a clear indication that we're gonna get some of that very soon.


I hope what the director and I are doing is not an accident, says Dan, reform and results are our only priorities. We have no other agenda. We didn't come here to let America down. We watch what happens, continue to demand results. Be cautious when you're told a story and not the story, which is of course tried and true advice from Dan. And let time put the puzzle pieces together. What we're doing will make sense. We see you and we hear you and your feedback. Thanks again for your time, Dan. Alright, so that's the, that's the update from Dan Bonino. That's, that's excellent. Love that, love that update. And, and just, just so you know, don't get NBC's version of events. Take, take my version. It's a lot better. It's the truth.


Alright. The president is, has hiked tariffs on China. And the reason for that is 'cause China has imposed trade barriers on us. And China is notorious. We've talked about this a lot. Think about all the ways that China takes advantage of us and has for many decades now. China steals all the intellectual property from the United States. If you wanna do business in the in in China, if you wanna manufacture in China a precondition for that, that the entire business community knows is China's gonna steal your stuff, create crappy carbon copies of it, and then export it all over the planet. That's insane. China's been doing it for a very long time. China manipulates its currency. China subsidizes industries to try and destroy American industries.


China is a bad actor when it comes to global trade. And for far too long, presidents have just let it happen. In fact, in many ways, Washington enabled it to happen. Ev with every step of the way from the World Trade Organization to, to the way that they treat China as a quote, developing nation in order to give it all sorts of strategic advantages. It is, we're being sold out. We have been sold out by our nation's leaders. Trump is the first guy in a very long time to come along. Going to say, no more, no more. We're not doing that anymore. And so that brings us to the President's announcement yesterday. Watch, this is cut one the White House announcing these tariffs are now going up to 104%.


Look, So I, I'm curious though, under what conditions at this point would President Trump talk to President Xi about tariffs? Look, I just spoke to the president about this and he believes that China wants to make a deal with the United States. He believes China has to make a deal with the United States. It was a mistake for China to retaliate the president when when America is punched, he punches back harder. That's why there will be 104% tariffs going into effect on China tonight at midnight. But the President believes that Xi and China want to make a deal. They just dunno how to get that started. And the President also wanted me to tell all of you that if China reaches out to make a deal, he'll be incredibly gracious. But he's going to do what's best for the American people.


So Yeah, yeah, go ahead, reach out. Let's see what we can do. But I'm doing whatever I can for the American people here. So the update on that story, and I've got more audio from the president and from the White House on all of this, and from Democrats who flipped all over the place on this subject. The update this morning is that China has now announced that they're increasing their tariffs to 84%. Now, once again, we have the lion's share of the leverage here. Most of the product is flowing one way and our money is flowing out. That's principally what's going on here. We have a massive trade deficit with China. So they can go ahead and slap all they want. They can slap every tariff they possibly want on us.


But in the end, it's gonna be China that suffers the most. And China's economy is not in some super strong position that they can just give up on one of the most important export markets. They have the United States of America. So President Trump is engaging them in a game of chicken right now where they're a lot closer to the cliff than we are. And everyone's hurtling in that direction. So that's a good sign. In other words, we've got the leverage. That's the update today. So I'll see, we'll see how the president responds to all of this. He may, he may just keep jacking this thing up. He may keep, he may keep doing that. Now, as far as China is concerned, the President said, has said this, that he wants to stand with the workers of the United States.


Last night he spoke to the National Republican Congressional Committee and it was a black tie event that he was at. And he said, first and foremost, countries are calling him right now. All these countries all across the planet, they're calling him and kissing his ass. Take a look. Cut six, here's President Trump with that update In the history of our country. And don't let some of these politicians go around saying, you know, 'cause I'm telling you, these countries are calling us up kissing my ass. They are. They are dying to make a deal. Please, please, sir, make a deal. I'll do anything. I'll do anything sir. And then I'll see some rebel Republican, you know, some guy that wants to grandstand say, I think that Congress should take over negotiations.


Let me tell you, you don't negotiate like I negotiate. Yeah. But out of it, a couple messages in there for a whole bunch of different people at the end, of course you heard the president giving a message to Congress, stay out of this. Stay outta this. Stop trying to seize control of this terror. Fight from me. You don't know what you're doing. I know what I'm doing. This is what I ran on. This is what the American people voted for. Whatcha gonna rob the American people of their desire here to fix this imbalance, to fix this system. And then the message that he's, he's got there. He's like, all these countries are calling and they're kissing my ass. Now they're sucking up to me. The reason for that is, one, they have tariffs imposed on them right now and they'd like for those to go away. Two, we've got a situation where China now has 104% tariffs imposed on them by the president of the United States.


104%. What do you think the message is in that for every other country on the planet? Oh, you wanna play the retaliation game with me? You wanna go tit for tat? You wanna escalate? Watch what happens to one of our biggest adversaries. Watch what happens to one of the biggest economies we deal with on the planet China. What's the message to the rest of those countries, to those smaller countries right now? Oh, Trump's not playing. He's not, he's not picking off the weak gazelle. He's going after the strongest antelope he can get. You know, he is. He's going after these guys as as hard as he possibly can. The message to the rest of the world is don't screw with Trump. Don't look what's happening with China right now.


And as he goes after China, many of these countries, places like India and Vietnam and Singapore, they have to be thinking to themselves, well crap, whatever's bad for China might be good for me. Maybe I could benefit out of all of this. If China's locking horns with the United States, this is a perfect opportunity for me to figure out a way to get a lot of business in my country. So they would do well to heed what the president is indicating here. Cut seven here. President Trump indicates that the people are complaining about all of this. The ones who are shrieking the loudest are the people who've been selling you out. Look at this. But The shrill voices that you're hearing this week about tariffs are the same scoundrels and frauds who never thought twice about when the United States lost 90,000 factories and plants.


Think of that. 90,000. Yeah. How do you do 90, if you had a map, a big map, this size of that wall, and you had a pin for each factory, you wouldn't have enough room. You think of it, 90,000 factories since nafta. Yeah. So there's a guy in a black tie talking about the wellbeing of the blue collars and saying that these are people who have been savaged, totally savaged 90,000 factories shut down. Is that, how has this worked out for us? Remember the, remember what we were sold on China that if we just opened up our markets, we had all sorts of quote free trade with them. And of course it's been rigged ever since they've been rigging the process that it would make them more democratic. That the country would become more like us. We'd be able to instill our Western values in them.


Did any of that happen? No. Actually the Chinese Communist Party has a stranglehold on that system. They do everything they can to prevent Western ideologies from making it in. And instead actually they've been exporting their communist ideologies to the United States of America by way of places like Hollywood and TikTok and everything that they get their hands on. They've been buying up American real estate. China has been moving into the United States, not the other way around. So the president's saying, yeah, the people are screeching the loudest are the ones who created that arrangement. And I'm fighting back against that now again, what we voted for, president Trump's saying that he is proud to be the president of the American worker, which is a big change in Washington.


Take a look at this. Cut eight. Here's the president, Brad, be The president for the workers, not the outsourcers. The president who stands up from Main Street, not Wall Street, who protects the middle class, not the political class, and who defends America, not trade cheaters all over the globe. They're trade cheaters. They cheated on us. Yeah, they cheated with tariffs on us. They stole our money, they stole our jobs. He's the president of the working class, not the political class he says, which is a very welcome change. This is why so many people are with him. There are surveys being done right now of Trump supporters. Are you with Trump still? Do you like this? Are you okay with this? And in majorities Trump, Trump supporters are saying, yeah, I'm with him.


I actually voted for this, voted for this. This, this is a correction we desperately need because it's for the long-term wellbeing of our country. So people trump supporters standing shoulder to shoulder with the president right now. Not hard to see why not when he says things like that. Not when he makes his intentions. So well known. Also, I, I see some people in the chat asking about pharmaceuticals. Great question, smart question, asking about pharmaceuticals. Right now, 90% of generic pharmaceuticals come from India and China. China is, so many of the ingredients come from China. You remember during covid, far too dependent on medicine and personal protective equipment coming from China.


That can't happen again. This is a national security imperative here. We've gotta bring back pharmaceutical manufacturing to the United States. And first and foremost, we have to have a healthier country. That's the most important thing. That's what RF K's working on. So we don't need to take medicine at all if you're in a healthy state. But in so far as you have to take medicine for anything, we shouldn't be getting all of our amoxicillin from China, which is what's happening right now, that that can't happen. You have to have it here in the United States. So the president announced last night to that, to that congressional crowd, those tariffs, they're coming. We're bringing pharmaceuticals back. Look at this And the co the drug companies listen to 'em.


But we're gonna do something that we have to do. We're gonna put, we're gonna tariff our pharmaceuticals. And once we do that, they're gonna come rushing back into our country because we're the big market. The advantage we have over everybody is that we are the big market. So we're gonna be announcing very shortly a major tariff on pharmaceuticals. And when you, and when they hear that they will leave China, they will leave other places because they have to sell. Most of their product is sold here and they're gonna be opening up their plants all over the place in our country. We're gonna be announcing that. So that's breaking news. Ladies and gentlemen. We have breaking news. That's what's gonna happen. What other presidents allow China to get away with is absolutely criminal.


Yeah, but I'm not like the other presidents and it's not going to happen under President Trump. It's just not gonna happen. After all, I'm not like the other presidents. I'm not like the other presidents. He says, lemme see here, I can Biden Biden did tell a, what does that, what does that say it's part of that's covered for me. Does that say Detroit auto worker? Detroit. Okay. He told a Detroit auto worker, I'm not working for you during the, during a gun rights argument. Yeah, that really is the opposite, isn't it? So President, president Trump says, I'm the guy, I'm the worker, I'm the guy who represents the workers president. Biden's attitude was, I'm not working for you.


That's, that's the attitude that he took. Really amazing. Here, check this out. Lemme see if I can play this for you. This is, this is a, a sample of fellas. We're gonna try something. I haven't tried this before. Here's, here's a Joe Biden saying that You're actively trying to Second Amendment right, take away. You're forced yet. Alright, now shush. Shush. I support the Second Amendment. Second amendment. Just like right now, if you yell fired, that's not free speech. Yes it is. By the way, from The very beginning, I have a shotgun. I have a 20 gauge, two 12 gauge. My son's hunt. Guess what? You're not allowed to own any weapons.


I'm not taking your gun away at all. You need a hundred rounds. You video when you say you're gonna take a gun. I did not say that. That's not, I did not say I video. It's a viral video. Like the other ones are putting out there boys. He said that he justified it. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Take your ar your ar fourteens Ar fourteens. What a psycho Hold. Hey, let's, there's a lot of guys, lot of guys want. I'm so much, Hey, there's a lot. He said, you're there. He said, you're working for me. He said, I'm not working for you. I don't work for you. Yeah, you do.


That's the arrangement. Boy, oh boy, what a difference a president makes. Huh? President Trump says, yeah, I'm the president and who's here for the workers? The last guy, he straight up said, I don't work for you to an American voter in Detroit. Amazing. Just amazing. Oh, thank, thank God for this change. Alright, let me, let me, let me get back to some of the stuff that Democrats are saying now about in the face of all this now Democrats for years and, and to Caroline Levitt's great credit. She's pointing out that for years they acted, they acted like they paid lip service to this issue. But as President Trump is finally doing something about it, listen to the White House Press Secretary, cut to calling out Nancy Pelosi and company here.


Everybody in Washington, whether they wanna admit it or not, knows that this president is right when it comes to tariffs and when it comes to trade. In fact, Democrats have long said that the United States of America has been ripped off by the countries around the world. They just don't wanna admit it Now because it's President Trump who is saying that in June of 1996, Nancy Pelosi spoke on the house floor. She urged her colleagues at the time to fight against the status quo trade policies that had contributed to America's trade deficit with China. In fact, Nancy Pelosi said, how far does China have to go? How much more repression? How big a trade deficit, how many jobs have to be lost for the American workers? How much dangerous proliferation has to exist before members of this House of Representatives will say, I will not endorse the status quo.


Okay, That's good about Nancy to stop Nancy Pelosi. I wanna play Nancy 1996. I wanna play Nancy Pelosi actually saying that. Now, here's a little bit of Nancy Pelosi, 1996 saying this, this arrangement with China is killing American workers. She said, meanwhile, Nancy Pelosi has become filthy rich in a market where that's been happening. Take a listen to what she said all those many years ago. Do something about this US China trade relationship that is a job loser for the United States. And this brings us to the point that others have said, well, we can't isolate China. Do you think for one minute that with 10, 10 million jobs at least, and 35 billion and be over $40 billion this year in a trade surplus, all those billions of dollars in surplus that the Chinese are going to walk away.


Where are they going to take 35 to 40% of their exports? Who's going to buy them? This is what sustains the regime, the the funding and the jobs. They can't have those people out of work. They have to be at work exporting to the United States. Did you hear this? She, she knew, she knew back then. She was willing to say it. That's before she got filthy rich off of all of this. She, she benefited like crazy from this system, which is why she doesn't talk out about it now. And it's not just that Trump is doing it, it's that she's trying to protect her nest egg. The one that she built on your backs. What a cruel woman. What a cruel woman. So in 1996, admitting it, what's happening with China and, and these democrats, there's a whole bunch of 'em that are, that are losing their minds about all this.


Scott Jennings over on CNN who seems like a pretty good American, actually Scott Jennings was calling all of this out this week saying, it's amazing these Democrats are used to be for tariffs and now they, they claim that they're free traders. It's preposterous. Look at Scott, This is only part of the deal. The other part of the deal is making the tax cuts permanent and maybe even if I were them, cut the capital gains tax and offer to slash the corporate tax rate and see if you can get any Democrats to join because I'm, I'm amused by the Democrats who are all of a sudden free traders and for lower taxes. Well, if you're, if you've got Democrats who'd like to reduce the taxation on corporate activity, let's see how serious they are. Cut capital gains slash the corporate income tax rate.


I find it amusing that everybody talks about the oh eight crash and the Coke. No one ever mentions that in 2022, you know, the s and p was down 20, the NASDAQ was down 33 and I don't remember any of these Democrats being in hysterics right when the market fully crashed in 2022. So Yeah, they, they, in fact, to that final point, they changed the definition of a recession in order to avoid admitting that we were in one, right? Because the customary understanding of a recession, every, anybody who's even aware of basic economics knows that if you have two shrinking quarters in a row, which we did under Joe Biden, you're in a recession, two quarters in a row, GDP going down, you're in a recession. That's it. Everyone understood that this And it, when that started happening with each successive quarter in the Biden administration, they changed the definition.


Janet Yellen came out and said, well, that's not technically the definition. There's a, there's a very sophisticated definition that you're too stupid to understand, but just trust me, we're not in a recession. Of course we were. Of course we were. And these Democrats didn't wanna admit it. So Scott Jennings pointing out, yeah, look, these Democrats are absurd. They just are gonna root against Trump for sure. And the basic thing is they're always rooting against the American people. So the second somebody comes in with a corrective who's trying to fix this system up, they root against it. They root against it. And back when they put this system in place, when Joe Biden was the United States Senator, Bernie Sanders, all these guys, when they put this stuff in place, they put it in place and they knew it was gonna hurt us.


And it did over the course of decades, and they sold it to us like it was gonna change China into some sort of like, you know, Asian version of the United States. Didn't happen. As you well know, the President taking on that big issue today in a big way, all the updates as we get them, I'll bring you here on. VINCE, thank you as always for your attention to this program. Really appreciate that. We have just the best audience, the best damn audience in all of, in all of media. Coming up next here on Rumble Crowder will send you there. In the meantime, God bless you, I'll talk to you tomorrow.