
With some reports of Harris proposing massive tax hikes, You might be thinking it's time to make more of your savings. Tax sheltered and inflation sheltered. This is where the good people at Birch, Gold Group are. Here t help you. Birch Gold will assist You in converting an existing I RA of 401k into an I RA in gold. And the best news You, don't pay a penny out of pocket. Just text the word Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and get a free info kit on gold text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply Dan Bonino.


Welcome to the Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino First Folks. This this metastasizing grotesque, disgusting story. That really epitomizes Why Government sucks. Government always sucks. Government is a metastasizing cancer in your life. There are two cancers in your life right now. That will be the downfall of You and your family, government and the media. Cancerous rotting sizing. Disgusting pustules of infected stinking rotted masses of stinking like Rick Wilson's underarms in a freaking airport after a long fly.


Feted, disgusting, putrid sulfur smelling, stinking government and media garbage people did You. See this Washington free beacon story, major scandal erupting around Biden Harris Biden who's sitting around a beach with his leg spread, sunning his balls on the beach while everybody's freaking drowning, getting smoked by hurricanes. Kareem Jean Pierre, like a little kid. I don't wanna answer questions. Running out Kamala Harris I was raised in a middle class family. No shit. We've heard It a hundred times. No shit. What are You doing for people in the hurricane zones in the United States who pay taxes, who are getting freaking SM oaked now by another freaking hurricane?


The answer is myorca. This corrupt piece of garbage is out. There shopping for high-end men's wear. No. Yes, no. Yes. Washington free Beacon. DHS secretary and I'm gonna editorial here. Piece of human garbage. Al my Orkis shops for high-End men's wear as mass powder outages continue in North Cal power outages. They been I like to Watch the free beacon You. Anybody able to changed That pass That power outages. The whole freaking placement wiped out. What's my doing? know my orca is like here. Oh look, there's a picture. Oh, look at him.


Look at Big Al Folks. Look at Al You got You. What do You got? There. What is that? You got like a Sergio Tini. Remember the Tini bag You guys from, remember? What is he? What's he shopping for? There What? Like a little what? You got some Gucci loafers. What You got going on? There. You are like Hey. I mean we doing my, or listen to me. Folks language alert. Okay, You got small kids. Get 'em in the other room. Hey. Fuck Stick. Listen to me. Here's what You do. You're the DHS Secretary You. know what That stands for? Department of Homeland Security in the security part of That is not letting a big portion of the country float away. Okay? Get your stupid ass, your ass here.


Take your ass. Here's your ass Here You. Wanna show ass? Take your ass right here and put It in a seat and go to work. You. Lazy bum Thought security. Security falls. That is a good, that is a great point. Just that security meant securing his balls with Highend men's underwear with the little havoc pouch. There. You. Go. Mr. Oh look, they're secure. Check it out. Little pouch. Little pouch. You're asked to work You. Lazy bum. Have we ever seen a more incompetent bureaucrat in our lives than this piece of garbage oversees an invasion of the United States serial murderers in the United States.


Sex offenders. A fentanyl crisis. A public safety crisis in liberal run cities. Now he sits There on his ass. He's shopping. He's shopping while the country's floating away. You know You. See this pipe here? This portion of It, at least this was my grandfather's Frank Gio. That was a real man. Fought in the Battle of Bulge You. know what happened when he came back. You know what happened when he came back. The nothing, he never talked about It ever I heard. He did a real, some really heroic stuff. You know what didn't matter. How to hear from other people, not from him.


Never talked about It. And now we're left with these pieces of shit. Shopping for high-ends. Maje Rice happened for high-end underwear. Hammock pouch for his balls while the country's floating away. Oh look, did he, did he use promo code? I? Actually, hope not. This is the First time. I. Hope he did do Alejandro Miles. Do not use my promo card. I want nothing to I. Don't want You getting any discounts. I want nothing to do with You at all. Never utter my last name ever. You don't deserve It more in a minute.


But First Folks, everybody's talking about those weight loss injections 'cause the results are really dramatic. They work by lowering blood sugar and reducing your appetite. It's s really simple. But what if You don't t have any a lot of money for these shots. They can be expensive and You don't like injections. That's Why BrickHouse. Nutrition doctors created a supplement called LEAN LEAN The results are incredible. I can personally vouch I lost about 28 pounds on it. Over the course of a couple months. the studied ingredients in Lean have been shown to help lower your blood sugar and help burn fat by converting It into energy and helping curb your appetite and cravings. Lean's not for the diet, only has a few pounds to lose the docs. At. Brickhouse. they created Lean for Frustrated Dieters with 10 or more pounds to lose. Again. I can personally vouch for It. Ask how I lost weight. That's how You can get started with 15% off today in free rush shipping. Add LEAN to your wellness and exercise plan. Visit Take LEAN dot com and enter code Dan 15. Dan one five for your discount. That's promo code Dan fifteen@takeleann.com. These statements of products have not been of value by the fda. They are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease. They're not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider.


Here's the White House yesterday. Peter Ducey. Finally a guy with actual balls too. Actual balls. Unlike eunuch, myo, he really doesn't t have any balls. He doesn't need a hammock patch. 'cause there's nothing to put in There anyway. Right? Here's Ducey asking Kareem Jean Pierre Hey. Man, listen, this is a $7 trillion government. We're shipping a bunch of money to Lebanon. Lebanon, you're like Lebanon. Lebanon, Pennsylvania. know Lebanon the country. Isn't that the country? Gee, you're like an international affairs guy. Isn't that the country that is been harboring Hezbollah like the Death to America terror? It's the same. It's the same one. It's so weird. But we're giving them hundreds of millions of dollars. $385 million if they are the majority party That.


No way. No way. The Terror party was actually voted in Lebanon. So let's send the money for like election integrity while they are cheating our elections. This government is a joke. It's a joke. You wanna know Why I piss on government all the time because It sucks outside of our military and the good intel people and law enforcement. Folks left and the court system, your government piss on It. It is useless. It is full of absolutely useless bureaucrats who do nothing but F You over. Here's Kain Jean Pierre You pay this pathetic woman's salary. Doucey nails are to the wall on this Hey You fee. Alejandro Mayorkas, when he was shopping for shoes and sunning his balls or whatever he was doing, he's now asking FEMA for more money.


You just gave three 85 million Lebanon. What the hell are You doing with all our money? Watch Kareem Jumpier. Like a little pathetic child storm off stage here. Check this out. What does It say about his values? There's not enough money right now for people values in North Carolina who needed It. That's not misinformation. Wait, No. That is we Your whole, your whole premise of the question is misinformation. Sir, what? You don't. Yes. Yes. Which it's misinformation part did is There money to Say can on right now, just I just mentioned. I just mentioned to You that we provided more than $200 million to Folks who are impacted in the area. And I just shared with You that people are deciding not to. Million people are deciding not to, not to wait.


Letter to Congress, That, there's not enough money. t help people in North Carolina. We're talking about the SBA disaster loan. That's money for people in North Carolina and That's important. And people in North Carolina need That con. Wait, this is nothing new now, Peter. This is nothing new. Congress comes together. They provide money, millions of dollars for disaster relief. We're asking them to do the job that they have been doing for some time. And I mean hearing from A letter that President Biden To Johnson MCC Doing Thomas Schumer and Jeffries, the president's letter is not misinformation. Would You agree? No. The way you're asking me the question is misinformation. There is money. That We are allocating to the impacted areas and there's money. There t help people who truly need It. There are survivors.


Who need the funding. Who need the funding. You can't call the question That. You don't like misinformation. I said. that is it actually said we. This woman is an embarrassment to humanity. She's not just an embarrassment to the government, an embarrassment to her community, an embarrassment to her neighbors. She's not just an embarrassment to the United States. This woman is an embarrassment to any sentient being in any known universe or unknown universe. If this is a simulation, somebody wrote into the matrix code for a moron in the White House and this woman appeared. Do You believe this idiot? We have a $7 trillion government where her boss yesterday, the A guy with oatmeal for brains.


A guy who is completely collapsing, who was sitting on a beach while the country was drowning. Right? A pathetic piece of garbage Who dropped outta the race because his own party knows he sucks and replaced him with someone who sucks. Even worse, right? This woman has the balls on the day they announce another illegal, not congressionally authorized student loan. Bailout happened yesterday. Look, It up happened just yesterday. Congress did not authorize this. It is absolutely illegal and unconstitutional. They are now bailing out your neighbor's rich kid from their student loans. They're doing that with money with no congressional approval and the Supreme Court telling them not to. And yet, when It comes to finding money for American tax paying citizens who worked their balls off their whole lives, Kareem Jean Pire like a little child, like a pathetic little infant, walks off the stage.


I don't wanna answer your question. That's misinformation. These people are disgusting garbage people. Folks I am pissed off today. I'm in no mood for this bullshit. These people are pathetic. The best day of your life will be when You vote. If You don't vote, man, that folks I mean can I. I'm gonna be a dick for a minute. I'm m sorry. Folks in the chat. I'm m sorry if I'm a dick, tell me yes, you're being a dick. I. I got news for You though. I don't even really care if you're not voting. Don't listen to my show. I'm serious. Don't listen. The show's not for You. I don't want viewers. That bad. And listeners, if You are not voting and you're like, oh, don't worry, it's okay.


I don't like to mean sweets to get off my lawn is my lawn. I. Don't want I, just don't want You. I'm m sorry. I'm m sorry. And if that sounds dicky, I'm really sorry. You. You want more of this shit. Even if You hate Trump, can It possibly get any worse than this shit? I? Don't what? I. I wanna vote and You really It. Matter of fact, if you're not voting and bringing 10 people with You, You are doing It wrong. sorry, Folks. I. Don't care what You gotta do. If it's snowing, walk. If You broke your leg, have someone sled You There. If it's raining, put on some Dickies.


I. Don't care what You gotta do. If You are not voting, you're, you're You did this. How much more of this incompetence are You gonna deal with? Unfortunately, this next story, this is real. You've got this woman in the White House, an absolute moron who cannot even speak English. She speaks in word salads. She calls Senator Shit. Senator Shaz. Senator Shortz. The woman can Har, she's a moron. A B, C, news, white House press Secretary Kare Jean Pierre promoted to senior advisor.


You can't make this up. You can't make this up. The guys re so happy together. They put together a little celebratory thing. So Folks in honor, in honor of the great Kareem Jean Pierre and her promotion to senior advisor, the fireworks. Go a little fireworks extravaganza for Kare. Jean Pierre There. We go fireworks everywhere. Congratulations. Kare Jean Pierre. Never have I seen a more apropo promotion in the white. No. I mean It. I mean It. If your administration is gonna cling to being the absolute shittiest presidential administration of vice presidential administration in American history, there's not even a close second.


There's not even a close second anymore, right? This guy and Kamala Harris are the worst. The censorship, the fascism, the weaponization of government, the economic disaster, the inflation production bullshit, the this is just an absolute disaster. Then yes, You should promote Kareem Jean Pierre She totally deserves It, man. I came out. I mean as You can tell. I'm just I I. It is just stunning. This is our government. We We $7 trillion a year. They steal from me money every single day they steal from me. These bums, I even saw Dave Portnoy a bar stool Guy Bar It was not like a big conservative. He Dave Port, but he tweeted out yesterday.


He's like, I, don't pay my fair share. There's some kind of tax break for me. can You tell me where That is? 'cause I pay like 50% of my money. You gotta, he's right. You gotta give your money. These fucking losers, these scrub losers who don't do shit. And then people are, people are freaking floating down the river. You got body bags. You got 200 close to 250 people dead, hundreds missing. And these Scumbags in the White House are shopping for shoes, sunning their fucking balls on the beach. You got this other one in Hollywood, freaking doing karaoke with whoever the fuck she was at this thing with. Fuck these people. And I'm m sorry about that.


Fuck these people. You pay for these assholes to fuck You over every single day. Here we go. Here's this. Fuck wad shopping for shoes. This is your DHS secretary. Here's another one. It's probably got some copper tone. His sun is balls next to fucking Joe Biden another douche bag. Know You know I'm gonna get a thousand emails. They saved the emails. I get It. I. Understand You know I mean. Everybody tells me met some really nice guy. I. Get It. I'm in a mood. I'm m sorry. can I come from Queens? Fuck these people. Ever hear Tim do backing in. Remember Tim Dogg?


Man, fuck these people. I'm m sorry. I'm tired of these pieces of shit. You know what I should show. You I I. Don't even You know Why I don't do It. You know Why I don't show You. 'cause I hate that. 'cause people, it's like a humble brag. Let me show You when they are paying taxes. 'cause people wanna show You how rich they are. That's the only reason one day I should show You. You would tell me about this. I'm giving You assholes all this money do You understand what I pay in taxes. I could legit my cousin who's sitting here right now, whose house could float away in the next year, I could buy her like three new houses. Instead, I gotta give him to this asshole to shop for. Coppertone his sun, his balls with his stupid ass boss.


Look at his moron. Look at his fucking moron. Border invasion paying off all illegals with your money. Shopping for shoes, shopping for fucking shoes while the half the country's freaking getting ready to deal with some kind of weather disaster. Spending your money on illegals, Hey, I need more money. You need more money. You wouldn't need more money if You didn't spend It on Lebanon. The Taliban illegals. Go fuck yourself, asshole. The Dan Bonino show. If you'd like to hear more, subscribe to the Dan Bonino show wherever You get your podcast.