
In these crazy times, there's peace of mind and security. But think about this, you're not financially secure. If all your eggs are in one basket, gold and silver can be an excellent way to diversify your savings. Through my friends at Birch Gold Group, you can own physical gold and silver in a tax sheltered retirement account. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and receive a free, no obligation information kit. This is the one thing you can do to help secure your family savings. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Message and data rate supply Dan Bonino. Welcome to the Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino Flags in the chat, please. The arrest of the telegram, CEO I'm convinced is part of a new Russiagate coming up.


I don't know how they're gonna do it exactly, but there was a raid recently on two specific figures who have done some commentary with a Russia base network. They're gonna somehow, I believe, tie that in the arrest of the telegram, CEO to some fake phony Russian effort again, to steal the election. I know what you're thinking. There's no way they're gonna go back to Russiagate part seven. Yes, they will, because the media, I promise, will cover for them. Don't tell me what they won't do. Tell me what they did. Because what they did, the the, the past is prologue.


They will do again, here's what I mean. In addition to the telegram, CEO, who is I'm almost a hundred percent certain, gonna be tied to some Russiagate. Fake story. Again, And, you, you got the flag in the chat. They're also starting to panic. They're starting to real. If Kamala Harris is really up seven points in this poll we just saw coming out today, which is ridiculous. Again, I'm not a red wave guy, as you know. I don't buy any of this Kamala Harris BS at all. This is all AstroTurf folks. There is zero chance she is up seven nationally. Zero, zero.


If they were up by that amount, they would not be panicking like this. Cornell West is a very, very far left guy, extremely far left guy. You may have seen him on on Fox and other CNN networks and elsewhere. He's been around forever. Cornell West is running too. Well. His name is on the Michigan ballot. A state that if Kamala Harris is up, And, you believe the polls. I don't if you do, she's only up by a little and it's within the margin of error. So the Democrats remark remarkably are trying to pull Cornell West's name from the ballot 'cause he's liberal and may pull from Kamala Harris while simultaneously keeping RFK on the ballot to siphon votes from Trump.


Here's Cornell West in a media hit directly saying that someone's been offering to pay off some of his campaign debt to, to make sure he gets off the ballot. You wanna talk about collusion? It's right here. This isn't me saying it. This is him saying it. Listen, Did they, just one more on this. Did they offer you, did they offer you a, a cabinet position, a lower position and offer to pay off any of your campaign debt? Well, they, they offered serious, substantive conversation about all of those that could lead toward, you know What I mean?


And Now folks, keep in mind if the situation were reversed and the RNC was throwing around money to get people off the ballot, it would be the biggest freaking media story of our time. But because it's the left in Cornell West Right over the head, no one wants to talk about it. But the good news is, you are here on the most popular livestream news program in the world, the Bonino army. We dominate And, we make no apologies for it. We dominate cable news, everything else.


So you are ahead of the story. Now, if the Republicans had any kones, they'd be investigating this right now. 'cause that sounds like a pretty serious charge. Sounds like election interference to me. Greg Price is all over this on Twitter. He's like, you can't make this up. The Michigan Secretary of State, Jocelyn Benson is denying RFKs request to remove his name from the ballot, but just attempted to remove Cornell West from the ballot. Losing a court case, she's now appealing. Sounds to me like election interference. You see what she's doing, right? I mean, I, I'm sorry to misstate the obvious, but Cornell West is a very far left liberal.


So people who don't like Kamala Harris, now that she's flip-flopping on some of these positions might vote for Cornell West and siphon votes from Harris RF K's now endorsed Trump. So if they really don't like Trump and RFK is on the ballot, but they hate Kamala Harris, now they have an option. You see exactly what she's doing right? There appears to be a massive colluding, colluding circle of people interfering in the election in a critical swing state that could very well decide this entire election. Now again, in case you think that I'm crazy when I say something big is about to happen before the election, they are not going By the way tomorrow.


I hate to keep teasing tomorrow. I'm sorry, but I'm still putting it together. I've got an exhaustive segment tomorrow on voting machines as well and why we're gonna need paper ballots as a backup doesn't mean don't vote folks, this may be our last chance to save this thing, but it doesn't mean be stupid either about the potential for hacking. I'm gonna show you left wingers talking about it. So when they say, oh, it's a conspiracy theory, you'll know what I'm talking about. But why am I bringing this up in the context of this segment, folks, they are not gonna lose this thing without every possible legal, illegal, immoral, and unethical effort to stop Donald Trump.


They're not. And I'm just begging you as a friend, listen to me please. I am your friend. I promise you I have no dog in this fight. My skin in the game is purity. Purely ideological. I wanna advance conservatism. I think Donald Trump's the best vehicle to do it more in a minute. But first, hey, before Birch, I didn't really endorse any gold companies. didn didn't think there was a need to own gold. So I wouldn't recommend it to my listeners. It's just the facts. But now with all the insanity going on, folks, I'm glad I did. I did really well on my birch gold Burgess, you know, the endless printing of money, skyrocketing national debt, global chaos, and yes, an election in November with big ramifications. So I buy gold and I've been buying gold from birch gold for some time now.


It gives me the peace of mind knowing if the bottom falls out of our economy, of something of value to anchor me and my family. If you want that same peace of mind, you can protect your savings by diversifying into physical gold. The coins are the bars from Birch Gold, B-I-R-C-H, and they'll ship it fully insured directly to your home. You already have home and auto insurance. Consider adding financial insurance with an investment in gold. To get started, just text Dan to 9 8 9 8 to get a free info kit on how it works. Moving some of your savings to gold is one thing you can do to help provide real financial security for your family in case you ever need it. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply. I'm telling you right now, we have got to win this thing and they are not gonna stop.


I'm trying to get you mentally prepared. That way you can respond immediately on Twitter, Facebook, true social And. you are ready. And that way you won't be swayed. Say you're a moderate, some people listen to the show who aren't really diehard conservatives. I don't want you to be swayed by bullshit narratives going forward. Here's the same Secretary of State in Michigan, Jocelyn Benson issuing a, just like Merrick Garland the other day, threatening people using the January 6th thing. You saw it, I played the video the other day. Here's the Michigan Secretary of State again in a not even veiled threat that you better damn well certify this election.


Even if you have questions, it is not a threat she makes. It's an open one. You think they're going to go down quietly. Good luck. Check this out. If someone were to violate the law and not certify the election at the local level, we will come for you. So any local certifier thinking of skirting the law and not certifying the vote, don't even think about it because we'll get Well you folks again, folks in the chat, you, you, you think, I'm just throwing this out there. It's a conspiracy. They're a cons conspiracy theory from who you just heard her say it.


She's threatened along with Merrick Garland. They are threatening you. They have to certify the what If there's something legitimately wrong with the election, like the vote count doesn't match up with the amount of people who showed up to vote, you better certify it. Winky Winkie, no nod. We'll be cracking down on you too. Remember January 6th folks? We're living in a police state. Now I did a whole movie on this entire movie on this. You're living in a police state right now. Not tomorrow. Look at this now. This tweet out of out of Brazil, the Brazilian Supreme Court going after Elon Musk. Now you've got the telegram, CEO now being charged indicted in France.


You got the telegram. CEO, you now got this. The Brazilian Supreme Court minister, Alexandre Deros, has issued a summons for Elon Musk and threatened to ban X in Brazil in 24 hours. You think this is an accident that we're 60 plus days out from the most important election to overturn global elites in the swamp, their hegemonic rule over the entire globe for the last 50, 60 years. You think this is all an accident. There isn't a single show that is gonna prepare you better for what's coming in this show. Folks, be ready. This is why, again, can I say this one last time?


And I, I, I'm apologizing in advance for the redundancy. But I promise you and assure you I am deeming it absolutely critical to, to winning this election. You have got to vote early and bank your vote. If there are problems with the machines, which there will be, if there is A-D-D-O-S attack on election day, which I believe there may be, the DHS is already hinting at it. Whether intentional or not, they're hinting at it. If we have a Maricopa County, Arizona situation, well, we're out a printing paper. We can't print the ballots. If you vote early, you will have time to fix it.


And for all the people reaching out to me with legitimate, I get it. Legitimate. Fair questions like, well, doesn't that give them time to figure out how many votes they need to cheat? If they're going to cheat, they're going to cheat on election day two and you'll have no time to detect it. There's this is hands down a ground ball decision. Vote early. Vote early the day. The polls open, vote early. Go to your county Board of Elections website. Every single county in the country has one. Everyone And you. It'll say check voter status. And. you can see if they registered, vote screenshot it.


Take a picture of it. You would. If if something happens, And, it says you didn't vote when you did. You now have two to three weeks depending on how long early voting is in some states, some states don't have it long at all. Some don't have it. You can, you can figure it out. You please bank the vote. We can fight for a national election day with paper ballots in the, once we win we can't, now we don't have it now. We have to fight the fight in front of us, not the fight after the fight in front of us. 'cause if we don't survive the fight in front of us, there is no other fight. I'm only telling you, this is a friend, folks. I'm not, I I, I, I excuse. I'm not on the ballot.


I'm not voting for myself. I'm not asking you for anything. I'm asking you to support other people. The Dan, Bongino, Show. If you'd like to hear more Subscribe to the Dan, Bongino Show, wherever you get your podcast.