
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino, Ladies and gentlemen, and what's become your home for breaking news. I told you last night on my ex and true social accounts, Kim Cheadle was not gonna survive the week, the director of the Secret Service, she was not going to survive in her job. She has now resigned. I just announced that about a half hour ago, 10 30, 10 20 or so Eastern time on an interview on the Glenn Beck Show was sent to me right as the email went out. Kim Cheadle is out, but this is not even close to the end, folks. I've got a lot to cover. Everybody gets your pens out. I'm about to break some more news CU details about this shooting.


You haven't heard that? Make it even more perplexing, confusing, and tragic. You ready?


Folks? You heard me rave about Beam Dream Powder every day this week. Go get it now. They're offering the largest discount at shop Beam Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code Bonino.


Like I said, I've got some details on that. Also. We're gonna cover the hearing yesterday and something Kim Cheadle is still gonna have to answer for. She may have perjured herself yesterday at the hearing. She's in a world of trouble. Hey, can you feel it? Something big is happening. You know you can't trust the government anymore. Been lying to us about just about everything. You saw the herd tapes today. The lies about that. The lies are endless. You think they're gonna tell you the truth in an emergency. You have to rely on yourself. Self-reliance, self-reliance.


Be prepared. You got a generator, a solar generator, water filtration, emergency food. You better have it. You're gonna have it when you, you better have it. you know when you need it and you might need it soon. Use my friends at my Patriot Supply haven't served millions of Americans. My Patriot Supply is one of the most trusted names in survival. I use 'em. I have for a long time. Go to my Patriot supply.com right now. Save $200 on the bestselling three month emergency food kit. Delivers over 2000 calories a day, sealed inside. Practically. Practically Unpersonable Packaging lasts up to 25 years in storage. The food tastes grade two. Go to my patriot supply.com and save $200 per kit. The price will never be this low again, do it today. Don't wait. This is one of those years, man. Free shipping included my patriot supply.com, my patriot supply.com.


Alright, fellows, let's get this show started. Kim Cheadle is out. She is. She should have resigned last week. However, we are not done with Kim Cheadle. Kim Cheadle failed Secret service director. Now, former is going to have to answer. It's going to have to answer for what happened, how they nearly got President Trump killed. I personally, I will stay on top of who is named the acting director, and if the person is also incompetent. I will tell you first, I'm watching everything right now. I know the players involved. This is gonna be your home for breaking news now. I haven't let you down yet, have I? I told you last night she wasn't gonna survive the week. I wasn't making that up. I was getting that from sources saying she was getting ready to bail.


She had lost all political cover. The Democrats wanted her out. Raskin wanted her out, and Biden and Harris right now do not want additional headaches. Biden's dealing with this health problem that's now become a public relations disaster. Harris is down 11 points in the recent poll. They do not want the headache of an incompetent director who went up to Capitol Hill yesterday and embarrassed the entire country in front of the world. She was a disgrace, and she will sad. Her name now is now tarnished forever. She will forever be associated with failure for what she did. One quick story before I get to my breaking news. I reported this last week again, I was called crazy And. I'm getting really kind of tired of it, folks.


I'm just a guy. It gets old you, you know, you develop a thick skin, but it doesn't mean it can't be, you know, penetrated it. It really gets old. I told you last week, Josh Hawley reported yesterday new. I love you Senator Hawley, but this isn't new. We reported this last week on Monday. You can go listen to it. Whistleblowers tell me, law enforcement personnel were in fact stationed to the roof on the day of the Trump rally, but abandoned it, citing the heat. They also say law enforcement were supposed to be patrolling the building, but opted to stay inside instead. That's on last week's show. Folks, again, it it's not about, please as my friend, it's not about credit.


President Trump almost died. Who gives a shit about the credit. It's about getting the story out there in a timely manner so we can take corrective mechanisms and not waiting a week to confirm it. Unfortunately, no one wants to listen to the actual agent with the contacts in the agency. They wanna wait five or six days to hear it from someone else. Fine, you guys will be ahead of it. Whatever. I don't give a shit anymore. I can't, I, I, I, I, I can't lead these horses to water anymore. Liberal media people. Get your pens out. I've got some more details for you. Ready at home. Number one, we just confirmed I have it. Now, quadruple confirmed. There was undoubtedly supposed to be a local team, posted a local team.


When I say local, I just wanna be clear. Again, I'm talking about not secret service. That could be Pennsylvania State Police, Butler County, Pennsylvania Police, local sheriffs. I'm not getting into which locals, it doesn't matter at this point. Someone was supposed to be on that roof as part of the advance plan. It has not absolved the secret service of any responsibility whatsoever. They are supposed to check and make sure this stuff happened, period. Someone was supposed to be on that roof. Hawley's tweet is accurate. We reported it a week ago. It was deemed too hot and the post was abandoned, which allowed a sniper to access that post and shoot the former president.


That's not really breaking. It's only breaking that. Hawley confirmed what we reported last week here, number two. I said this again last week, but now I have it again, double confirmed. The sniper team, the Secret service sniper team that took out the assassin, the reason there was a delay And, they didn't shoot right away is because they were confused as to who that was on the roof, because it was supposed to be a local sniper team from a very, very, very intimate close source to the situation.


They did not act until they saw the muzzle flash out of the gun and then they knew it wasn't locals. Totally, completely inexcusable. A communication posting breakdown of apocalyptic fashion. I don't even know what to say, how grotesque this security failure was that there was confusion about who a guy on a roof in a 130 yard away posted elevated position ranging in on Donald Trump, citing in on him that there was confusion about who that person was is just such an abomination of a failure that they had to wait for the muzzle flash before they were sure is just, again, such an apocalyptic failure.


I can't believe as a former member of the entity, the Secret Service, I'm reporting this to you. They waited for the muzzle flash, another piece of news so we can finally get the immediate people you want this story or not? Here it is. I know you're gonna report it a week later and say exclusive. Just please listen to me for once. You dumb asses the team, the sniper team, the Secret Service Sniper team you're seeing on that infamous video going online, going around everywhere. Your two black guys on top of the black, I'm sorry, guys in the black suits on top of the roof. That is not the team that shot the assassin.


That's not them. We have to get the timeline right. It was the other team that shot from about 400 yards away. That's not the team. It's important because a lot of people are online are like, look, they hesitated. They may have hesitated, but that's not the team. That's not the team. That team probably had a better shot. That's not the team that took out the assassin. I, I can't emphasize this enough. You got media people still with the freaking timeline wrong. Finally, here's another, here's a piece of information. I promise you haven't heard yet. You got your pens out media folks, apparently one of the first rounds, the assassin shot that penetrated the hydraulic line of that piece of farm equipment, that tractor or whatever it was, that front loader, you can see it on the video.


You're gonna see the hydraulic line explode and the lever on the front goes up. I'm sorry folks, I'm not a farmer. I'm not gonna pretend to be it's tractor or front loader. Whatever it is. Doesn't matter for the purpose of this story. Apparently what happened after that is hydraulic fluid from that specific vehicle, given that the line was penetrated, covered a couple of vehicles in the motorcade causing a little bit of initial chaos. Second, I'm getting this from a source. I'm gonna try to double confirm this, but there was some kind of small explosion after that there. Now to be clear, there's some confusion about what it was.


Was there some fireworks at the scene? Was there something the assassin had brought with him that the, the hydraulic fluid or something one of the shots had set off? Did he set it off? But the explosion is what led to the confusion about where they should go and were they still under attack combined with the fact that the hydraulic fluid ENC coated some of the motorcade vehicles. They had a little bit of an issue getting outta there. These irrelevant facts, they're gonna come out probably in a week. Someone's gonna report it as an exclusive breaking news. I'm just telling you, you got it here first. There was some type of small explosion afterwards and the adva, the advanced team, the CAT team, and other elements on the ground, we're not sure if they were still under attack, which makes some of the decisions even more questionable about keeping them up on stage.


So again, just quickly, so media folks, you get this, all right. There was supposed to be a local team on that roof for some reason, the Secret Service didn't mandate that they stay up there. They didn't wanna stay up there apparently because of the heat. I want to add, the Secret Service is now in a PR fight because they're afraid to throw the locals under the bus. The locals don't wanna get in a, a fight with the publicly, with the Secret Service. I'm just giving you, I'm not placing, I'm not placing the blame on one or the other. Folks. It was a security failure and both sides clearly have some skin in the game. Here. I'm just giving you the facts. I can't tell you enough.


The truth doesn't have an agenda here at all. The truth is the truth. The heat, this is not an excuse. We didn't have a post 'cause it was hot. Donald Trump was on stage and it was hot. They waited for the muzzle flash because they were confused about who was on the roof. It was supposed to be a post. The team you're seeing in the video, the sniper team for the Secret Service did not take out the assassin. It was the other team not on video, and finally that hydraulic fluid thing caused a big, big hiccup on the way out of there because some type of small explosion went off, which may have been confused for additional gunfire. Now, you all have the real story.


I'm gonna keep my eyes on this. Folks and I promise you this. Everything we've told you has come true a week later with other news folks reporting it as an exclusive, which is fine. Do that, but just do it in a timely manner. I don't even care if you steal this information today and report it as your own. I don't care. I'm not gonna attack you online. Go right ahead. Call it your own exclusive. Just please get the damn information out there for people. That's all I'm asking. You don't have to credit me, don't, don't do anything. It's not my information. It's information. Let's get to yesterday's a hearing, which led to Secret Service Director failed Secret Service director Kim Cheadle, her resignation today, which again, we called last night.


I, I thought maybe, maybe Thursday, maybe Friday. She was never gonna politically survive the week. There was no chance. Nobody wants this headache right now. Here's a bigger problem. Director Kim Cheadle, former director has, did she perjure herself yesterday? Did she perjure herself in front of the entire country? Folks, don't ever answer a question under oath on Capitol Hill when you're in the middle of, of tragic history like this. Former President Trump getting shot in the head. If you're not absolutely sure the answer, let's get to this. First, Congresswoman Lauren Bobert asked a very, very pointed, fantastic question.


I congratulate her for doing her homework. Congresswoman Bobert asked former director Kim Cheadle yesterday, Hey, have you been using Signal to communicate with people from the White House or elsewhere? In other words, have you been using your non-official government email address and phone, which would be against administrative guidelines to conduct government business? Have you been using a private device and a signal encrypted communication mechanism to avoid disclosure and detection? I want you to listen very clearly to Kim Chile's answer and notice the delay in her response because I'm not so sure this is accurate.


Check this out. Now, since the assassination attempt, you are under oath reminding you, have you communicated with anyone at the White House on an encrypted messaging app like Signal? Yes or no? No, I have not. Are you willing to surrender your personal phone for analysis? If I am required to do so, Require her to do so. I'm gonna call it right Now. you guys all recording this? Justin's like, we better also, we're not gonna have a video on demand. She will never surrender that personal phone, not an or.


If she does, it'll be by subpoena. She will not do it voluntarily and she's gonna lawyer up on this. Kim Cheadle has no friends left in the Secret Service. It's not just that she failed. She tried to cover it up and she destroyed the reputation of a lot of agents and friends of mine who busted their ass for this agency for 20 years. I joined the Secret Service in 1999. It's 2024. I worked with a lot of really talented, smart, brave people who busted their asses, And. they can't stand this woman, she has no friends left at question was not an accident. Folks, that question was not an accident.


July 20th, 2024, some guy named Dan Bonino on Twitter, his secret service director, Kim Cheadle, using signal to communicate with insider cronies to avoid information discovery. I guess we'll see. Bino Radus. I didn't make that up. Someone sent that to me, which is kind of strange because Kim Cheadle seemed, she had to wait a second to respond. I think she was surprised by the question, maybe she should have been following me on X. Kim Cheadle had a wait to respond and she said, no, no, I haven't been using this device. Maybe it wasn't Signal. Maybe it was another encrypted app, and maybe that's where she's kind of parsing the question, why do I bring this up?


Because here she's asked again by Congressman Eric Burleson, a really great guy. She's asked the exact same question again about encrypted apps instead of just signal. Notice the difference and she gives a totally different answer. Both of these answers may be true. Maybe it wasn't Signal, maybe it was another encrypted app. You see how she's delicately dancing around this And I want you to listen to her ridiculous excuse. Oh, other people we deal with overseas have devices that are not compatible. What? Like freaking email. She has a government email. What the government email doesn't email other people on what Apple devices.


What the hell are you talking about? It's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. Check this out. Have You used any encrypted app to communicate on from your personal device? I do on occasion use encrypted apps to communicate. So you use some form of an encrypted app to communicate with with people within the federal government, with local law enforcement. Whom, whom are you communicating using encrypted apps? Many times it's with colleagues and and associates. So you're communicating with colleagues on a personal device.


There are times that the Secret service, when we work internationally with some of our partners, that they don't have the same texting capability. Yeah, and you, you're not able to do that with your, with your government issued device. Recently, we have been able to install some of those apps on government devices. Okay. Let's talk about some of the, the things that we can get access to. I, I'm actually shocked that you are using your personal device and encrypted communication tools. I think that that may be the most shocking thing that I've heard today. I didn't expect that you to for you to say that.


Yeah, me either. Congressman should take her up on her offer to surrender her personal device for forensic analysis she offered. It's on, it's on tape. You just heard it on say, I didn't tell you folks, this thing is about to get so much worse. I'm telling you, there is an email trail and white papers out there, a long email trail documenting multiple security enhancements requests for the DTD, Donald Trump protective detail that were rebuffed and denied. Kim Cheadle is never, ever gonna be able to hide from that and what happened.


I want all of her communications both before and after business-wise conducted on a personal device in potential violation of administrative and possibly other rules and regulations for the Secret Service. This is not over for Kim Cheadle, and while we're at it, here's another Winky Winky nod nod. Maybe you should ask Kim Cheadle if she's ever communicated on encrypted apps outside of her government device, government email or government texting capabilities. Everybody taking notes. Taking notes in Congress about the cocaine scandal at the White House and the missing January 6th text too. I'm just gonna throw that out there.


It's your home for breaking news. Maybe you should ask her that under oath. She's probably got a lawyer already. Here's the platter. Quick break. We'll get right back to it. This thing got even worse yesterday. This hearing probably the worst I've ever seen from a high ranking government official, the worst, and that's saying a lot.


Hey, in today's economic environment, the stress of providing for a family and yourself can sometimes be overwhelming and putting everyday expenses on credit cards only elevates that stress. You have to find a way out of this never ending cycle. I've got an answer for you. The company's been with me for a long time. Really good company. A lot of great reviews, American, Financing. They're helping people just like you turn things around by using the equity in your homes to pay off that high interest debt. They understand what you're going through. They talk to people in your position every day. They know what they're doing. American Financing is saving their borrowers an average of $854 a month, 800 a month's, like a $10,000 raise at work, and they're closing some and as little as 10 days. If you start today, you may not have to make next month's mortgage payment. It's no better time than now to turn your situation around. Call American Financing today. Don't wait. The number is 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. That's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. The website, it's a.net address by the way. American Financing dot net. American Financing dot net. NMLS 1 8 2 3 3 4 N mls consumer access.org. Thank you, American. Financing. Back to the show.


Let me get ahead of this story too. This was a stunning moment from the Secret Service directors, former Secret Service Director. Now it's hearing yesterday this shocked all of America, the Secret service director saying, Hey, we don't have a copy of the radio communications. From that day, people weren shocked and astonished. I'm going to tell you in advance who she's gonna blame for this. It's no excuse, but well, who the next director or her, if she's forced to go up there, even as a former who she's gonna blame for it. I want you to listen to this first. Check this out. Does the Secret Service routinely record communications between and amongst detail Radio communications?


Any communications, Email communications are captured as well as text messages, and then depending on the detail, radio communications are Recorded. Does the Secret Service have recorded communications from the July 13th event? We do not have radio communications from that day. Unbelievable, unbelievable. You know who does. I can guarantee you the local PD does. I can guarantee you the, the Secret Service does not have a recording of the incident that day. The radio comes. Are you kidding? A a a A jet carrying a few people on a private flight has a black box on it.


The Secret Service, as a matter of practice, doesn't record. Radio comes. It just has to be a joke. Now, let me tell you right now, here's who she's gonna blame. She's gonna blame Waka Waka iss, the White House Communications Agency. She's gonna say, well, listen, Waka only records the White House, and the White House is President Biden and other White House supported entities, but they don't record anything else. It doesn't matter. That's your job. The crazy thing is, I don't think she's lying. It's what a stunning lapse of judgment to not have this stuff recorded, not have any mechanism to get a hold of the radio. Comms that day You know I was on Glenn Beck's show just before I came on the air, the radio show and a phoner phone interview.


And I. He's asking me for an explanation, and outside of stunning incompetence, there is none. Listen, I'm sorry I can't say this enough. Had a very important phone call before this show. You want an ally and a friend in this? Get a mother dog. I'm not in. I'm here to keep President Trump alive. I don't care about your delicate sensibilities, don. Don't care about your feelings hurt getting your panties in a bunch. don. Don't give a shit about any of that. Every member of that advance team that blew it should have resigned already or been fired. Why was President Trump even allowed on the stage? Is anybody gonna answer for this or are we just gonna sweep this under the rug like nothing happened?


This is only gonna get worse. As I've said to the people involved, life is calling. Pick up the phone. Big people do big things in big moments. Small people act like cowards and run away. Grow a pair of balls and speak up You know who I'm talking to. You're letting people dangle out there and it's bullshit. This is not going away ever. I'm not gonna let it ever, ever, and I'm gonna use every contact I have to make sure it doesn't. You can talk now or you can talk later, but you're gonna talk.


Here's another horrendous moment from yesterday's hearing. Kim Cheadle here exposes every single problem in the Secret Service I've been highlighting for over 10 years, and she doesn't even realize she did it. Folks, in one of the most shocking scandals, you're going to hear about the Secret Service allocates protective resources based on titles, not on threat assessment. That's a fact. They don't even realize this is a problem. Think about what I'm telling you. They allocate resources based on titles, not the actual threat assessment. Dr. Jill had a bigger prominent neurosurgeon, a bigger security footprint than Donald Trump.


This is obscene. Watch her indicate this here. Oh, former president, all this other stuff and doesn't even realize, hey, you are a security enterprise. You should allocate security based on threat. What are you guys stupid? She doesn't even get the problem. Listen to this, the venue. My question is, if he'd been the sitting president, would he have had the same security he had on July 13th? It would've been beefed up. There is a difference between the sitting president, So so your answer is he didn't And continuity of government and the responsibility that we had, So he did not, okay? There wasn't a CAT team, the full CAT team on site, there wasn't counter That was representative. Pat Fallon did a great job yesterday too.


So you're telling me you don't allocate security assets based on security needs, but on titles. Guys, I'm gonna say this again, so I, if you wanna read about this in a piece I wrote 10 years ago, the library, take it from your friends, do whatever you need to do. I wish I could make it free, but it's not my publishing company. I wrote this 10 years ago. It's called Protecting the President.


I only bring it up again, library friends, don't care. Share a copy. Doesn't matter if I own the rights to it. I do. I, I, I, I I. I'd sell the IT for Buck if I could. The Secret Service knew about this stuff years ago. Me and others have been writing about this forever. There is no excuse for this. They let this happen. None. I'm not the only one who are exposing the failings of these, of this agency. It's not even close. I wanna show you a couple more things and then another angle yesterday that came out of this oversight project that is very bizarre.


I've not drawn any conclusions yet. I'm applying the Bonino rule, but I wanna show you some video from Congressman Eli Eli Crane, who was a Special forces operator, knows his stuff, and then this tweet about a potential connection to a DC phone. Very, very strange stuff, or a DC location. I'm not drawing any conclusions, but I'd be remiss if I didn't put out the information our last break, and we'll be right back with again, a banger of rest of a show at Oka Anywhere.


Hey, bone Charge is a holistic wellness brand with a huge range of evidence-based products, I use You know I love Life Hacks. They're my life Hack Central we love. In this house. Paula is an enormous fan of the Bone Charge. Red Light face mask. Listen, You know you get we're we're in our late forties, fifties. You notice the wrinkles and blemishes and since Bone Charge sent us the red light face mask to try. She loves it. Everybody in the house loves it. Matter of fact, my, yeah, my daughter uses it for a little bit of acne as well. It can help with occasional minor symptoms associated with fine lines, eczema, migraine, scar tissue, and so much more. It takes just 10 to 20 minutes a day. You put it on, can use it while watching tv. It's really that easy. It is unbelievably lightweight. It doesn't get hot. Plus it comes with a one year warranty. Bone Charge also has other and crazy, crazy Good Life hack products. I use them low blue light bulbs. You can get to sleep at night. Blue Light Glasses, I have 'em right in my desk here. EMF protection products, infrared sauna blankets and blackout sleep masks. Folks, they're all quality products. We love Bone Charge. Their products are hsa. FSA eligible, giving you tax free savings of up to 40%. Go to Bone charge.com/bonino. Use coupon code BONINO to say 15%. That's B-O-N-C-H-A-R g.com/bonino. Use code BONINO to save 15%. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the fda. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition. Thank you. Bone Charge


and


our last sponsor today is Coin You. know every time you tap, swipe or insert your credit card, you could be helping big banks give billions to liberal causes. It's true. It's time to get the woke outta your wallet. Let me tell you about Coin Credit card. I met the managers, the owners there over at the RNC, incredibly committed to the cause. Find them at COIG n.com. The COIN card works like every other credit card you've ever used with one big difference. Every time you use your COIN card, COIN donates to great American patriotic charities. That's right. Coin is a visa backed credit card, one of America's first credit cards built by and for conservatives. Unlike other leading credit cards that get millions to the left each year, COIN is helping conservatives to align their dollars with their values. It's one of the only conservative credit cards that's helped you pay with a purpose while you own rewards the co. While you earn rewards. The COIN credit card donates to conservative charities. Just last year, they donated more to several conservative charities, likely more than the top 10 credit card companies combined. Apply now today for America's conservative credit card@coin.com. That's COI gn.com. Be sure to select Dan Bonino in the how did you hear about a section? We'd appreciate it. That's coin.com terms apply. Go to C oig gn.com/disclosures for full details. Thanks coin. We appreciate it.


Okay, back to the show folks. Again, an inexcusable, unbelievable security labs that is hard to explain. Absent utter complete incompetence and advanced work stupidity, Congressman Eli Crane went to the site of the assassination, attempted, took a cell phone video of the vantage point of the roof. There's the roof. If you're listening on Apple or Spotify, you're just gonna see basically from this window. There was full view of this. There was no reason. Even if you refuse to, if even if, play that again one more time. You refuse to post up that roof because it was quote too hot. Then stick someone in the damn classroom or whatever the hell that is, that building in the A GR building, that office room building right there and you would've had a full vantage point.


This is unexplainable. Everyone on that advance team should resign. I'm really sorry, but you were given one job. Keep the president alive and you blew it. There is no excuse for this. There's no reason line of sight wasn't blocked. You had a clear view of the roof from that office. You should have posted the, the, the office building. It was supposed to be posted. They didn't show up because of the heat. Nobody followed up or they agreed to let them stand down. This is inexcusable. It's inexcusable and what the hell's going on with this oversight project, that oversight PR on Twitter. Someone who regularly visited the Assassin Crook's home and work, also visited a building in Washington DC located in Gallery Place, the same vicinity of an FBI office on June 26th, 2023.


Whose device is this? Folks I know Avita, did you mention this on your show this morning? It's on report com. Som bonino report.com. I'm appreciate everyone who watched Avita show this morning. It's Rumble dot com slash bonino report. That's it, right? Yeah. Bonino report. Avita does a show at nine o'clock every morning. Total banger today. Really appreciate it. Folks, what's what? What possible explanation could there be for this? Again, I'm applying the Bino rule. I'm gonna wait. I'm gonna let the facts come out. I'm not gonna say anything I don't know. However, this oversight PR project seems like they're onto something. We'll follow up and when and if the facts dictate it, we'll hopefully get some conclusions on this.


Some more from the hearing yesterday. Ladies and gentlemen, Lauren Bobert again, Congresswoman yesterday knocked it outta the park. The special agent in charge of the Donald Trump protective detail. She's, this is who she's talking about. Here is a guy by the name of Sean Curran. You've seen his name in the news. Here is Congresswoman Bobert asking a very specific question of director Kim Cheadle. Folks, you gotta remember, she is under oath here. Did Kim Cheadle not only perjure herself about using encrypted apps to conduct potentially government business, but is she perjuring herself here, folks, there are emails. There is a paper digital trail of multiple requests for enhanced security.


I'm getting from multiple sources. Is Kim Cheadle really sure that she wants to deny this or imply a denial Here? Listen to the question and I'll analyze on the other side. Again, Curran is the guy in charge of Donald Trump's detail. Check this out. Have you ever turned down enhanced security requests from Donald Trump's detail, his special agent in charge, Sean Curran? Have you ever turned that down? No, I have not. Have there been re has, has your team has a secret service? Maybe not you personally. I believe, as I mentioned earlier, there are times when requests are made for Assets and you have denied them.


They have been denied and A denial doesn't. Has the Trump campaign made requests for additional assets that have been denied? Denial doesn't mean vulnerability. Holy shit, I cannot believe this woman is doing this Cheadle. Thank you Congresswoman Bobert, finally, for asking direct questions, not filibustering and bullshitting people. Did you see Bert's response, by the way, when she says no, what is she doing here? Folks in the chat You know what Cheadle did yesterday. Oh, I didn't do it, and then Bobert catches what she's doing and says, did anyone on your staff do it? Then it was a different question. You see how Cheadle always trying to like a, like a, like a snake sliver her way out of an answer.


There is a documented record of multiple requests for security enhancements. You cannot run from this. Why are you risking perjury? By appearing to lie or at at? At a very minimum lie by implying things. Why? Buying omission, lying by omission. Why are you doing this? There is an email trail. The second part of her answer though is telling, and let me dismantle this right here. She says, A denial of a security request does not imply we created a vulnerability. Ladies and gentlemen, as she perjuring herself. Again, director Cheadle earlier in the day under oath, I believe under Oath, had stated that she doesn't personally review or didn't review the security plan that day and folks, if she didn't review it that day, when does she review it?


I'm gonna tell you the answer, probably almost never. She just said she didn't deny personally security. She's the director for Donald Trump. Enhanced security, so she didn't deny it. Then how does she know a vulnerability was created if she doesn't know what the request was? Michael, does this make sense? I don't know nothing about a request, but I know it wasn't a vulnerability. I thought you didn't know. Am I crazy guys? Am I not? I'm just not a liberal. Thank you Justin, folks. Is she perjuring herself? Again, either you knew about the request and were part and parcel to denying the security request for DTD, the Donald Trump detail, or you didn't, so how do You know there was?


There was no vulnerability. If you don't know about the request, folks, she can't run from this. There is an actual record out there of these multiple requests. I can't say this enough, and it's time for people to speak up. Pick up the phone. Why are you leaving us out there to dangle? You're part of history now. This is bigger than you. Do you not see it? What are you sitting there on your ass for folks, why was Cheadle hiding the timeline yesterday too?


Former director Cheadle failed human being in every, just one of the most disgusting things I've ever seen. Yesterday, a man was killed. Corey Comparator was killed, was murdered. Two people. weren shot Donald Trump. Donald Trump too. Two event goers. Donald Trump was shot in the head. You're sitting here playing cutesy time with words. Why is former director Cheadle not in the hearing yesterday? Why was she unwilling to disclose the timeline of events? I'm gonna tell you why right now before we listen to these cuts, because the minute she tells you they knew about 18 to 20 minutes in advance that there was an unmitigated threat out there with a rangefinder.


They put him on stage. Anyway, let this happen. She can't give you the timeline. 'cause once she does, she realizes she's opened Pandora's box. It's all gonna come out, Kim. It's all gonna come out. The texts, everything. You can't hide. Listen to this disgusting moment. Another great representative yesterday who did a banger of a job. MTG, Marjorie Taylor Greene. Again, folks, we can have differences on other things, but if we have to, this was a good job. Yesterday, Marjorie Taylor Greene asked a pointed question about the timeline. She will not answer the question because she realizes once she does the secret service, especially those people on the scene that day can't possibly survive in their jobs.


They can't watch this Thrown over the area, period. Any part of the area. Again, I would have to go back and check the timeline of when that took place and when the event, why Didn't you bring the timeline with you today to answer our questions? I don't Have all of the answers on the timelines based on the criminal Investigation. Were you not prepared today to answer our questions? I am prepared to answer the questions based on the information and wanted to be able to provide. Do you have a timeline that you, do you have a timeline at all from? From any of the day? I have a timeline that does not have specifics. That's shocking.


I, that is absolutely unacceptable. That means you are a failure at your job. She has a timeline. Fellas, without actual times. Michael, you were an athlete, right? Did you play hockey or something? What was your, yeah, hockey. So when you're out on getting ready to get on the ice, can you imagine the coach saying, Hey, get up back out on the ice. Folks Who, who's our starting lineup? I don't have the names, but just get out there. You'd be a little confused, right? See, I played baseball. Hey coach, am I playing today? I have the lineup. I just don't have any names. You have a timeline with no times, folks.


Did she perjure herself a third time? A third time? I'm telling you, she has the times. She's lying by omission again, she has the times. The Secret Service has the timelines. They have the texts from local law enforcement. The pictures floating around of the assassin. She just doesn't wanna say it because then she's going to have to answer one catastrophic question for the Secret service. If you knew between five 30 and 5 45 that there was an unmitigated threat out there using a range finder to range in on, on the stage to take a shot at Donald Trump, why did you let him out on the stage?


This has been the number one question I have asked on this show for two weeks. Media people stay focused every other, there are a ton of important questions. I get that. The only question that matters right now, so we don't get this guy potentially killed. Donald Trump still needs to be protected. Why was he allowed on the X? Why was he allowed at that podium? Nobody can answer this. No. One thing is they can, they just don't want to. Anna Paulina Luna did another great job yesterday. She realizes that there's a serious perjury problem here and gives her no way out.


Kim Cheadle. I'm telling you, man, you better lawyer up. You've got some real problems after yesterday's hearing. Why? don don't know what the hell you thought you were pulling yesterday. You thought you were too slick by half. You weren't. You blew it. Anna Paulina Luna totally gets it. There's a follow up on that question and then demands a perjury investigation, which I hope Speaker Johnson will comply with. Check this out. It seems as though that when you were asked earlier from rep Kristen Mothy about whether or not Secret Service was aware of a threat, you had said no. They were unaware of a threat, and yet according to communications, again from law, law enforcement that were in some of these group chats, they actually had reported that Secret Service was made aware of a threat at around 5:59 PM as a part of the command, including Secret Service, aware of messages and requests about, in information about the suspect's location.


Can you please tell me if you have knowledge of that at all? Again, I think we're conflating the, the difference between the term threat and suspicious, But you guys did have knowledge at 5:59 PM according to those group chats, did you? Not? Of A suspicious individual. Okay, chairman, in my opinion, according to some of the testimony today, I feel that you have perjure yourself in some instances, and so I'm going to ask for full review of the transcripts by staff and if you find that to be the case, I do ask that you bring perjury charges against the director You know, let me be clear. Unlike the left, I understand the difference between a man and a woman, the XX and XY chromosomes.


However, Anna Paulina Luna seems to have, have more balls than anyone out there on the, I mean, yes, it appears to me she may have perjured herself too. Do you believe the stupidity of that answer, Justin and Michael or Sidney, they have no experience in the Secret Service at all. Like you're confusing a threat and suspicious the person suspicious because of a fucking threat. You moron. Why would someone be suspicious?


Is this the dumbest word game you've ever heard? I don't know. They had a backpack you couldn't see in at an event. He didn't wanna pass through a magnetometer and then used a range finder to see the distance to the stage while not secreted in the crowd and randomly walking around in an open field after arriving on a bike. That's not a threat. What a moron. You said this in public. The person suspicious because they are doing something potentially threatening.


My 12-year-old understands this. You were the director of the Secret Service. You idiot. What the hell does someone have to do to be declared a threat? Put a sign up. I wanna shoot Donald Trump from the roof. What the is wrong with you folks? I gotta tell you, I'm very proud of the guys I work with and the people blowing the whistle to me. I am. I'm proud of you. And I work with some good people. And. I. Stand by that. People who did an amazing job, guys who got hurt and ill and sick and worked through it And, you know, worked overnight hours on no sleep, but this is a freaking disgrace the first time in my life.


Candidly, I'm embarrassed to tell people what I did. I never seen anything like this in my life. This woman is disgraced 50 years of hard work. Can embarrassment, could not resign Soon enough, I was You know this is part of the show today, this letter, but it's now irrelevant. I was like, when I put this in last night, I prepared most of the show the night before to make sure we're ahead of it. This was a demand by Jamie Raskin. You can scroll down a little bit if you don't mind. You're gonna see Jamie Raskin, he's a Democrat, the ranking member, and James Comer, a Republican for her resignation. That's why I said last night, I mean it's not, wasn't some big Stig in witch's prediction gimme the eye once she lost the support of Democrats.


Raskin, who's a powerful member of Congress, he's a delusional maniac, made the thing about gun control yesterday. She had no political cover whatsoever. You think Biden, who's obviously in the middle of a severe health crisis, how severe, we don't even know and Kamala Harris, who again the latest poll has her down in every swing state in 11 points. You think Biden and Harris want this headache after that abomination of a hearing. There was no way. Simply no way. She survived the week. However, she's not done. Get those communications. You will find out. Likely more things I still wanna know about Cocaine Gate, the January 6th text, the abomination of the assassination attempt.


If Kim Cheadle was communicating on our personal device. If on these encrypted things, which multiple sources are kind of winking and nodding, I want it and you should want it too. Who knows what kind of information is on there, folks? Our batting average the last few weeks is a thousand over the last few years. It's about 9 96. It's kind of weird when I told you that Joe Biden was not gonna be the nominee, which we said multiple times a again, it wasn't something only I said it was most conservative commentators saw the writing on the wall. I didn't believe you. You did. Well, Avita You know, I'm proud of you for saying that.


I mean, Avita, that's a very honest thing. A vita's like, I didn't believe you. Which is nice. You Avita could have just bailed and been like, yeah, you nailed it. I was with you, but well, why didn't you believe me? I'm just curious though. I she thought, she thought there's no way it was too far. You know what I did too for a while. I told you that they weren't gonna leave until Dr. Jill said it, but once I saw the Michigan poll and once I saw Pelosi start the hem and haw, I knew it was over. Ladies and gentlemen, Pelosi and Obama run the party. Once the political knives come out from Pelosi, it's over. Listen, you may not like Pelosi. I certainly don't. Can we all agree? Everyone agreed? Yes, but she's done more damage to the country than anyone. I'm telling you as a Democrat, she's not kidding.


When her daughter said, you toyed with Pelosi, she's gonna make your life miserable. Okay? Even a OC had a pipe down with Pelosi and she doesn't shut up for anything. When we called it a while ago that Biden was not gonna be the nominee, this happened from the hapless NBC news, which folks, it's not even funny anymore, but NB news is batting average. You realize it's about, it's below the Mendoza line. NBC's batting average on actual news is seriously about a one 50. They cannot get anything, right? We we, right? With 27 errors in five games, Republicans float a quiet conspiracy theory that Biden won't be on the ballot.


Matt Dixon, Dashia Burns and Alex Tabay or whatever. I can't pp hoax, impeachment hoax. The cheap fakes conspiracy Biden won't be on the ballot as a conspiracy theory. You understand If you, oh wait. Oh, look at this just breaking just a few minutes ago. I was wondering why he was putting up his finger. I'm Like. what the hell's he doing over there? Here's from the official POTUS president of the United States account. President Biden. Tomorrow evening at 8:00 PM Eastern, he will address the nation from the Oval Office on what lies ahead and how I will finish the job for the American people. Oh my gosh. Finish the job. Please stop finishing the job. Holy shit.


Stop finishing the job. Hey, can you go with that recording thing I said was last, but remember I threw it in the last minute. Can you play that? Yeah. Kamala You know what she's folks, listen, just again, I'm applying the Bongino rule on this. You know I'd rather be right than first 'cause my credibility matters. I'm gonna ruin my batting average 'cause I owe you the truth. Right? There is absolutely zero question Biden's going through a health crisis. That's not, that's not in dispute. Does he have covid? Whatever, he's got something. I don't know what happened. There's a lot of reports out there about him having some kind of infarction incident. Maybe A-T-I-A-C, I don't know. I'm not his doctor. There's zero question.


However, his health is very poor. Buckle up from now to November. Okay. This was kind of very weird though yesterday. Kamala Harris is giving her first speech as the now, I guess, presumptive nominee now that she's amassed the delegates. Now the only question is who she's gonna run with. I would guess it'd probably be Mark Kelly from Arizona, but we'll see Senator from Arizona. She says this when she welcomes Joe, who allegedly calls in to the meeting. She seems to wanna say Thanks for the recording and catches herself. This is awfully weird. A lot of people had some speculation.


Check this out. It's good to Hear our president's voice. Joe, I know you're still on the on the call and we've been talking every day. You probably, you guys heard it from Doug's voice. We love Joe and Jill. Oh, I'm sure you do. I'm sure you love them a lot. You know. Shame on me because yesterday I put out in the show in the headline about the, was there a coup against Joe Biden and I'm, I regret not tying that up. Lemme just write this here. so we cover it on radio too. We got so lost in the Secret Service story as the hearing was going on, I am hearing a number of rumors that it was Kamala Harris and her team who stabbed Joe in the back with Pelosi and were threatening, in fact, this 25th Amendment thing, which her and the cabinet where I'm hearing were kind of quietly kicking around.


It was, it was one of those things, everybody was afraid to say it until someone said it. So I, I wanna see, number one, I wanna see two things. I would love to see the communications if they're out there. They were probably quiet about it. I think these were in person meetings. Given the cryptic nature of it, I wouldn't be so sure Kamala, Nancy Clinton and Obama didn't marshal this thing themselves using the 25th Amendment as a threat. You heard it here first. I think very, it's very, totally, completely. This is like old like end stage Roman Republic stuff. I'm hearing NAI may have been behind this threat that, hey, you get out now or we're gonna make this an issue, and the health crisis he's having now might have been a vehicle for that.


I wanna see those communications. But second, and this is super important, I also wanna see any communications about Hunter Biden. If there was some kind of a deal, cut that, okay, I'll exit now. But you have to commute the sentence of Hunter or or my, my brother if he's charged or pardon or whatever it is. I wanna see that now. I would not be the least bit surprised if these sources were accurate about that. And you can call it a conspiracy theory. All you want, your batting average is absolute shit and mine's a thousand. I'll put my sources up against yours any day, any day. I wanna end with this one on kind of a lighter note because Kamala Harris did Trump thing, but she talks And I put the cue that one up, the one I was gonna play before, after NBC news folks on a little bit of a lighter note.


It's a heavy news day. Obviously there's so much going on. We have almost 200,000 people. Do you remember this from Donald Trump when he was talking about Kamala with Tucker Carlson? This is probably one of the most epic soundbites you will ever hear about. Failed Vice President Kamala Harris, soon to be presumptive presidential candidate nominee for the left. This is unbelievable, by the way. I'm changing my ex in truth posts every day about Biden being the worst president Starting tomorrow. It's gonna be Kamala Harris Vice President, so look for that. This is Donald Trump never fails in producing a great soundbite. Check this out. She has some bad moments. Her moments are almost as bad as his. I think his are worse actually. Yeah, but she seems pretty CNL too.


She speaks in in Rhyme. You know. It's weird. It's weird, but she has bad moments. And, they didn't rhyme. What do you, well, the way she talks, the bus will go here and then the bus will go there because that's what buses do and it's weird. The whole thing is weird. This is not a president of the United States future and I think they probably have some kind of a primary and This has gotta be the funniest cut ever. And the bus goes here and the bus goes there and the bus goes forever. It is classic Donald Trump summing up Kamala Harris folks tomorrow. I was gonna get to it today. I just don't have any time. I'm really sorry. Tomorrow I'm gonna introduce you to the real Kamala Harris. It is gonna be the most damning expose of who she really is that you've seen anywhere.


I promise you it ain't Pretty Media people. I hope you got your pens out today. All the breaking news folks, please download the Rumble app. It is the home, the exclusive home for breaking news over the past two or three weeks. Make sure you go and follow a Avitas show as well, early edition with Avita. It's at Rumble dot com slash bonino report. I'm at Rumble dot com slash bonino. Download the Rumble app, click that green follow button. I really appreciate it. Also, please help us out on Apple and Spotify. We have been in the top five on these channels for days top 10 on Apple. Really appreciate it. Helps liberals find the show and convert some of these people that matters. Thank you so much.


We're opening a lot of eyeballs. Thanks to you. You all are the best. Deeply appreciated. See you on the radio show and Rumble in a few minutes and back here at 11:00 AM tomorrow. Thanks again. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.