
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan. Bonino. Okay. To my, to my haters with a Z at the end. Haters You laughing. And I've got a lot of 'em that tune into the show. People are intimidated by the Panino army. Now You know that 'cause it's growing by the day as we routinely kick everyone's asses in this space, to my haters, I'm just asking you for the opening of today's show. Maybe five, 10 minutes. I'm just asking you for a second. Take your diapers off, try to get unemotional, put your Kleenex away and just listen to the content of what I'm going to say.


Forget the delivery mechanism. 'cause I know you hate me because I gave you a warning yesterday about what happened with Russia Hoax 3.0 and unbelievably. I'm not talking to the liberals. I expect you guys to propagate Russia hoaxes. That's what you do. You're communist assholes. That's, I'm not talking to you guys. You guys are just dipshits to the swampy. GOP folks, the sellouts and the losers in the primary and others. You fell right in a trap and it's really shocking how easy it is to bait you in.


Don't please. You can tune out after 10 minutes, but you need to listen to the beginning. 'cause unlike you, I have a real job. Like on the business side, And, we invest in This stuff and we've actually seen it. You have not.


Today's show is sponsored by Blackout. Coffee needed it this morning. Visit Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order.


Big show today. Two explosive secret service tips I got too. They gotta clean this up where someone else is gonna get hurt. I'm not having it.


Hey, we all wanna feel healthy and energetic, but listen, it doesn't have to be hard exercise. Get some good sleep. Have a healthy diet. And what is everybody? Everybody out there in the health space table about a healthy diet? You have got to eat fruits and vegetables. Why? Because these are all of the macronutrients, the micronutrients, the phenols, the compounds in there. Everybody's gonna tell you. So why don't we do it? I get it. You don't wanna go shopping for 'em, you don't want to prepare 'em. They're perishable. Totally understand. You should do it anyway. But if you can't, that's why I take Field of greens twice a day. What is it? It is organic, wholesome, healthy fruits and vegetables. No extracts, no lab made crap. Just a scoop a day of these ground up, healthy, wholesome fruits and vegetables. I take two. I put it in green tea water. I put it in a little orange juice. I looted orange juice. Sometimes. Feel the greens. Feed your body with fruits and vegetables medically chosen to support your heart. Vital organs and immune system. Can't say enough positive things about it. I showed you my blood work. The proof is in the pudding. I've showed you multiple times. Field of greens is my go-to for getting the nutrients I need, even on bad eating days, which happens especially on Fridays. Sometimes. You're gonna love Field of Greens if you don't return it for a full refund. How about that? I got you 15% off your first order and free rush shipping. Go to brick house nutrition.com/dan. Use promo code. Dan. That's promo code. dan@brickhousenutrition.com slash dan brick house nutrition.com/dan Check it out fellow.


Alright guys, let's go first before I get to these explosive secret service stories. Someone's gonna get hurt someone. Someone else is gonna get hurt. Someone's already been murdered, Corey Comparator and three people have been shot, including President Trump. Someone else gonna get hurt. I've been warning you, and again, more tips coming in folks. Changes are not enough. They need more changes. So I, wake up this morning. And I warned you yesterday that the D-O-J-F-B-I Russia collusion Hoax 3.0, the You know what that Ep article I was gonna put at the end of the show, guys, I'm sorry Justin, can I ask you to throw it out in the beginning? That where it just basically says folks, they, this was targeted not to liberals.


Liberals already believe because they're freaking imbecile that the Russia hoax 1.0 and 2.0 reel. They still believe Donald Trump and Putin colluded to steal an election and they still believe Hunter Biden's laptop was a rushing up. This was not targeted at them to the GOP on the fence sitters people who supported another candidate in a primary that lost. This was targeted at you. It was targeted at you to get you to believe that every conservative influencer and MAGA person out there was somehow influenced by Russia to support Trump.


I cannot believe how many idiots fell in this trap. Look at this AP article. When you are saying the same thing, the associated press, which are straight up communists are saying, pardon my language, you are fucking doing it wrong. Don't be a dumb ass right wing influencers. were duped to work for covert Russian operation. US says, number one, these are just allegations and By the way to the left wing dip shits. Did You see this? Justin? I don't even follow an exercise. They're like, oh, ban Gino's word. Do I look worried? There's two middle fingers and me talking about both these. How about telling you to go fuck yourself? Does that look worried?


I'm so worried. I'm giving you the double middle finger telling you to go fuck yourself. Go fuck yourself again. Go fuck yourself a third time. Does that sound like I'm worried? Or does that sound like I'm telling you to go fuck yourself with two middle fingers? I'm just curious, Justin, does that sound worried? When I came in this morning, did I look worried to you? Trembling? What? Trembling that. What did I look like? I was telling these people, go fuck yourself. People who don't have any, who have a lot to worry about, don't do shows telling people to go fuck themselves with double. I have my, the platform I invest in, I don't take money. I give money that I invest in is banned in Russia. Dumb motherfuckers. Okay? So to the dumb asses who wanna like ra, Hey, stand by Juniper.


You keep it up. You keep wasting your dude. I understand that. I understand you're stupid and you're gonna fall for anything. I'm not mad at you liberals. I expect communists to do communist stuff. That's exactly what I expect. What I did not expect was for the GOP swampy to fall for this thing so quickly without an ounce of like, Hey, is everything I'm being told true? Here's exactly what I mean. This angry motherfucker on Twitter. This guy just can't shut the fuck up. He's just this guy. Ever since the primary cannot shut his mouth. It doesn't matter.


I've never seen a guy so bitter about life. I don't know who hurt this guy. Show us on the doll where they hurt you. I don't know. But this guy, Justin underscore heart, H-H-H-A-R-T, this toolbag on Twitter, wakes up this morning, posts my clip warning maga people to be careful if you actually listen to the clip he posted. 'cause this dumb fuck is too stupid to do it himself. Folks, the language isn't for you today. Tune out. I understand I'm not into cutesy time today, So I. If this language isn't for you, I totally understand. I don't need the views of the cliques. I'm not in the mood today for bullshit, especially this dip, dip shit. Okay?


I am gonna say again, after what happened to General Flynn and a number of other conservatives and a number of other people like Papa Dolos and others who got sucked into an FBI 1001 trap. You are dumb as a box of rocks. If you are emailing or talking to anyone and taking money from anyone without any questions and then talking to the FBI about any of it, you shouldn't. Number one, do your own business due diligence. And second, do not under any circumstances talk to anybody without a lawyer or a business lawyer. This dumb fuck doesn't understand any of that. This is the type of guy get roped into this shit next.


That's what's in the clip. Watch the clip. So he, he posts, a lot of people are posting the Dan Bonino clip warning Maga not to fall prey to the type of ops Tim cast Benny Johnson and Dave Rubin got pulled into But I. Read this another way. The gig is up. This is just the tip of the iceberg. The meteoric rise of the grifter class on the rights about to be exposed. Dumb motherfucker. Justin Hart fell right in the trap. Do you understand how stupid this dip shit is? This was directed at him. That last sentence is exactly what Merrick Garland, his new buddy, Joe Biden, his new buddy, Kamala Harris and Lisa Mon wanted, they wanted on the fence Republicans and fake conservatives to start questioning everyone.


The grifter class implying somehow what that we're involved really we're You know rumble's band in Russia, right? For the 10th time w with such Russian assets, the rut go Russian governments actually targeted us. I actually wrote three books exposing the Russiagate thing. Do you understand this dip shit? This is exactly what they wanted. Exactly what they wanted. This was targeted at morons like this dip shit. Notice how he automatically parrots the D-O-J-F-B-I narrative. I don't know why Tim Poole, Benny Johnson and Dave Rubin got involved with this guy.


I have no idea. I know the three of 'em very well. If they're guilty of bad business due diligence, let them address it on their own time. But suggesting that they're Russian assets. When By the way, 'cause Justin's so this guy's so stupid. Dave Rubin was a freaking DeSantis supporter. You stupid fuck. Do you not know that? Go look at his tweets. I know Dave Benny Johnson was out running videos for, and Tim Poole is not even a conservative and By the way.


Justin Hart, you stupid piece of shit the woman alleged, alleged, alleged to be running the thing. I don't trust anyone has been posting anti-Trump tweet. Pull that up. I had it last after the AP thing. Pull up the tweets. This is how dumb these people are. Folks, if this is a pro-Trump Russia operation, like the morons on the left wanted you to believe, then why the hell was the woman alleged to be running it? According to the DOJI don't even trust posting anti-Trump stuff. Here's Kakoa the great, a good account you might wanna follow.


The DOJ charged two Russians with funding Lauren Chen's tenant media claiming they gave 10 million influence US politics. However, Chen has spent the last few months criticizing Trump for going, quote, weak on crime, immigration, and abortion called Vance a blunder and contributing to a quote, total lack of enthusiasm. Here's the tweets, Justin Hart and GOP Grifter. Assholes too stupid to do your own homework. Here's a tweet knocking Trump. Here's another one. Flip through 'em so you can see him yourself. Trump is going week on crime, immigration. This is your pro-Trump operation here.


Here's another one. Knocking Trump. This is your conservative movement. I'm out. If this is a pro-Trump operation, it's the worst one I've ever seen. Here's another one for you. They go on and on. Dave is a friend. Benny is a friend. Tim Poole's a friend. Knock 'em all you want on whatever. Not having a business lawyer, lawyer. Look at a deal. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm gonna tell you this too on the show today, because you're not gonna hear this from anyone else because the grifter, swampy GOP class is too busy writing Op-eds waiting to open a door for mama to deliver their oatmeal for breakfast 'cause they've never had a real freaking job To the GOP sitting on your obese adipose tissue ozempic needing asses, you've never had a real job.


Listen to me. I have actual real money in the game. You can look, I'm invested in publicly traded companies. You'll see how much is involved. Am I trying to impress you? I don't give a shit about impressing you. I'm stating a simple fact. I have actual skin in this game as an investor in the parallel economy. I have been under attack by the deep state forever and I've got a mound of receipts to back it up. You have no idea what happened with Parler. None. With my parallel. I parallel economy.com is mine rumble. I'm a huge investor in this. Why? Because I put my money, my money into the free speech parallel economy.


That's why And, it took $3 trillion companies to wipe one of them out. I've been a part of this. I've been a part of investing in companies in other places. I've seen bullshit and I'm telling you right now through the GOP grifter class, parroting this Russia simps, conservative Russian influencer simps stuff that the aps putting out the left wing and the deep state. You were the mark. I know it's hard for you to take that. Justin Hart and others You know who I'm talking to. You were the Mark I. promise you, you were the mark because you don't know the other side of this.


This story has not even begun, begun. The dam is like there's a little leak in this dam that's gonna explode. You think there's not a pro deep state narrative. Street money syndicate out there doing the exact same thing that was done allegedly to Benny, Tim Poole and Ruben. You don't think there's a pro deep state pro defense industrial contract, street money and the billions out there funding people too. You're so naive. You are.


You have no idea if you had a real job ever in your life and saw the kind of money being thrown around that I do as an actual investor behind the scenes, you'd ask questions too. Like, wow, that's interesting. Why are all these deep state lefties and deep state hacks and industrial complex guys really why is there, what, what, what's, what's that all about? Why are they, you have no idea. The Justin Hearts of the world and the others and You know who you are. I am sorry if your candidate lost in the primary, I don't care who it is. Haley Viva DeSantis or they're all great people.


They all bring assets to the movement. I'd like to think I'm friendly with all of them. I'm telling you right now, you were absolutely the Mark And. you should be ashamed of yourself for falling into this trap. This is so much deeper than You know Came out hot today, folks, but it's, I can't save some people no matter how many times I've what you, you understand why you, you get why this show is number one. You think we're number one by chance? It's because I'm not, I'm almost never wrong on This stuff. I say almost never because I leave wiggle room in case there's a mistake in the future, and yet you are.


That's why nobody listens to you and everybody listens to this show because you're stupid. You're stupid. Frustrating, but better hide the black. Is that one of our mc Grind team members free? Who's that Freedom McGrain? I like that. Throw em up on the screen once a while. I like that because sometimes the chat goes so fast I miss it better hide the Blackout Coffee. No, you can't. Oh, I'm actually in a good mood and You know. I I was laughing because I, I expect this from the Libs. I'm not liberals.


I mean it when I say is I, I'm not mad at you. I'm for parroting another Rush Oaks. That's what you do. I'm not, I mean I, I don't like it that you guys are communists and little fascists, but that's what fascists do. I don't. They attack their political enemies. They put 'em in jail. They make up fake stuff and they throw out defamatory allegations contrary to evidence. It's damn bar You know. Yes. He's so terrified. He's out there doing shows telling you to go fuck yourself and flipping off the middle. He sounds man, is he terror. That guy is running from this story. He is running from it. He is so scared. Come at me man. With everything you got everything you got because when the evidence comes out, you're gonna see not only, not only were you a dumb ass and an actual Russian asset, But I was on the right side of that moral arc while you were sitting there and your kids in the future are gonna have to disavow.


Knowing you, I don't have that worry, but you do By the way. Who's the real Russian asset? I encourage you to look at my Twitter and true social account. Remember you boy Obama. Remember Obama with his, I put these pictures up on my Twitter account. Remember him telling Dmitri Medvedev the Russian president. Oh, don't worry, we've got more flexibility after the election. Who's the real Russian asset? What about Hillary? Remember I wanted to hit the reset button and humiliated herself in the country. Remember that? There's actual pictures of that You. know who's the real Russian asset? Incredible How liberals do the old remember the men. Oh, there it is. Thank you guys.


That's my actual tweet. The real Russian assets have been right in front of your face the entire time. Look, I've even got pictures that looks like Obama and Hillary China cut some deals with Russia. Strange how that happens, right? It was the dipsy do flipper roof and GOP swampy. I saw Jonah Goldberg and all the, again, ozempic needing losers and the swampy right all day tweeting about this. Jonah Goldberg attacking Ben Shapiro about it. Ben, who's not known as like a huge flame thrower or anything attacking him so desperate to get this narrow MAGA grifters. He has no evidence whatsoever that one Lauren Chen is a maga grifter at all.


She's tweeting against Trump and has zero evidence at all that any MAGA personality has been taking money from Russia. Any evidence at all? None. Maga personality. Those guys weren't even MAGA guys. He didn't even know that. 'cause he's stupid. Stupid people like Justin. I have no heart morons. How these people develop a following on, on, on these platforms is it's candidly stunning. Alright, I got a lot more to get to including a breaking news story yesterday that some people took as a win in one of the anti-Trump government weaponization trials.


It was not a win at all. This Judge Chut is a total train wreck. If you have any experience with the legal system, the stunt she pulled yesterday is ridiculous. I got that and in the Secret Service story and a Crowder By the way if you miss it, had a huge expose yesterday a lot more ahead.


You wanna energize your brand. Lanzen Outfitters will partner with you to provide clothing that unites your team and makes your brand stand out. Lanzen provides quality apparel featuring your logo and colors, all designed by their expert outfitters and with with decades of outfitting experience Land End Lands End Outfitters provides a seamless solution so you can focus on your business for more than 30 years. Some of the world's top brands have relied on lands and outfitters to outfit thousands of employees. They design branded apparel people wanna wear that fits everybody and delivers everybody and delivers confidence Land's End Outfitters is the leading online supplier of branded apparel, whatever your business, they'll create products tailored to your needs and with Land's End, every business is treated like a vip. Whether you have five employees or 500, see why thousands of brands count on LANs End Outfitters. Go to business dot LANs end.com slash bonino and use promo code bonino for 20% off your order. That's business dot LANs end.com slash bonino business dot LANs end.com slash bonino promo code bonino for 20% off your order. Appreciate it. Get back to the show. Thank you for sponsoring the episode.


Just quickly on this before I get to the Secret Service story, this political playbook piece piece this morning, judge Jukin, the disastrous fake judge up there in that DC circuit there that has the Jack Smith You know what fake treason trial against Donald Trump. People were celebrating yesterday on Twitter and they were like, well, You know the case is gonna be moved till after the election. Folks, this was not a win because that's not really what happened. Yes, the formal case may have been moved, but Judge Jukin, us District Judge Judge Tanya Chakin laid out a new schedule yesterday as she weighs whether the throw out, the indictment ruling that Trump has immunity for actions he took place, he took as president.


I want you to listen to this though. Special counsel Smith who is a absolute tyrant at this point, bringing a case that's already been spanked about at the Supreme Court hasn't until September 26th. I think that's before the election, right? Last time I checked when I fellas it was in November. That's, that's confirmed. So now has until September 26th to file an opening briefing about why the case should still stand. The defense gets until October 7th and then Smith will get to respond. Oh, look at that October 29th. That guys, isn't that a week before the election? Yeah, it is so weird. He's counting.


Yeah, that You. see what she did? She knows not right now that Donald Trump has a really good chance of winning and this case is done. She understands that. So what does this hapless fake judge do? Chut with this tyrant special counsel. She allows this guy to make what is in effect an open briefing ridiculous statement, which is gonna be one long political ad for Kamala Harris a week before the election. This was not a win. These people are clearly interfering in the election. This should have been shut down. No sane reasonable judge would've done this.


But asking for a sane, reasonable judge with these lefty Obama appointees letters is just crazy. This was not a win. This was a huge L. These people are nuts. These are what the Justin hearts of the world, this is what they don't understand. They hate Donald Trump And you the MAGA movement so much. They cannot get their their diapers off. They cannot get out of their cribs and act like mature adults and see the fight in front of them. You have a deep state and a voter integrity system that if we lose, we'll never be the same.


You will have effectively voted in socialism. You will never vote out and they don't care. They hate Trump And you so much that even stuff like that happened yesterday. They love it. They anti-Trump grifter fake GOP class. They love This stuff, This stuff. All they wanna do is see you punished so they can say, I told you so. Even though their country is gonna evaporate like an Alka Seltzer tablet in water, they don't care. They don't care at all. I've told you for a long time, folks, there are a lot of folks in the Republican party who are really Democrats.


However, there are no Democrats who are really Republicans. That's why go to my truth account and look at the top or X It says Public enemy number one. You think I'm being dramatic. They hate me. The swampy hate me. The sellout fake conservatives hate me. The left definitely hates me. The media hates my guts. They all hate me. I feed off it. It's like a keto come at me. We, the harder you come at me, the harder you fall. I welcome it If you think this is running scared, you're as dumb as you look.


I'll tell you who else doesn't like me. The failed management of the secret service in the FBI. Add 'em to the list. Get in line fellas. I got news for you. Lemme just, can I say something? Can I say something guys? I'm asking you to like you the door that my name, my name is on the door. That is correct. I've been through a lot over the last few years. I don't know how long I have for this Earth. I don't mean to sound dramatic about it. I don't, I, the whole cancer thing scared the shit out of me, man. It's just my wife can tell you. I just live every day in fear. I just do. I'm I've You've had it You know. You know. It's like you're never really cured.


You gotta worry the rest of your life. You gotta take these potentially cancer causing radiological scans just to see if you have cancer and then they tell you. But taking the scan could give you cancer later. So you're in this balancing act your whole life. Like, well, what if I have cancer? Well, I may not, and if I get this X-ray, I may get cancer from this scan because it's like my 10th scan and You know, I, I don't need anybody's, like, I'm not asking for anybody's sympathy because everyone's got their own problems and You know there are people who suffer through their own thing. I'm just telling you to all my enemies out there, why am public enemy number one? I give absolutely zero fucks about what you think.


I'm not kidding. There are no fucks left to give. I don't, I'm not looking to go to your cocktail parties. I don't wanna be your friend. I will not hesitate to shred you on Twitter and there's nothing you could say. You threaten me. I'll ruin your life. You'll ruin nothing. I don't even know how long that life is gonna be. There's nothing to ruin. I have zero fear of you at all to liberals. I mock you. And I Amm, absolutely determined for the rest of however long I have left to destroy everything you're trying to do.


'cause you're trying to destroy this country and braver men than me have fought for it. I'm not gonna let it happen. You'll never, ever, ever, there's nothing you can say to me to the secret service management, to the FBI management. You come knocking on my door tomorrow, nothing's gonna change. As long as I have this microphone or someone I know has this microphone or someone I know who knows someone who has this microphone. We are gonna continue to do this. There's nothing you can do to stop me and no, I am not suicidal at all in any way. You got that on record, everyone, flag it, please. It's the most important flag of all time.


You know I'm gonna take a break. I wanna confirm two explosive secret service stories that came my way. And I'm not doing this to embarrass anyone. I'm doing this to change an organization that was once proud and had some decent leadership that has fallen apart and is gonna get someone else killed. They are still grossly unprepared and doing the same things that led to the, the, the murder at the Butler County Pennsylvania site. And second, they are a completely reactive agency right now that is only reacting to threats after they materialize. And yesterday something happened that proves it two weeks ahead of the news cycle.


That's perfect. 'cause I, I told, what'd I tell you? What'd I say when I came in about sleep? Justin, what'd I say? So I slept nine hours last night. It was crazy. Never happens. Get in a good night's sleep. So important to your overall wellness. That's why I'm thrilled to tell you how much I love my helix mattress. I'm sleeping and feeling better every day. The Helix lineup has 20 unique mattresses, including their award-winning luxe and ultra premium elite collections. The Helix Plus is a mattress designed for big and tall sleepers and the Helix Kids Mattress designed for growing bodies. Take the Helix Sleep quiz and find your perfect mattress in under two minutes and your personalized mattress is shipped straight to your door. Free of charge. Helix offers a 100 night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty to try out your new Helix mattress. Every Helix Mattress is a hybrid design combining individually wrapped steel coils in the base with premium foam layers on top. It's the perfect combination of comfort and support can vouch even better setups fast and easy. Helix is offering 25% off all mattress orders and two free pillows. For our listeners, go to helix sleep.com/dan. That's H-E-L-I-X helix sleep.com/dan. It's their best offer yet And, it won't last long with Helix. Better Sleep starts now


and our last sponsor where we dig back into the show Coat Defense. You got a dog, dog itching dog gets up that smell, that dog smell like what happened there? Well check out our new sponsor Coat Defense You know I love my dog, Lucy, your dog Itchy and all the pills and shots didn't help. Many of these itchy dogs have an overgrowth of yeast on the skin. It's terrible for 'em, and the folds pauses are inside the ears. You've seen it. Coat defense could clear it up in a day or two. Coat defense started as a human skincare company, but became deeply troubled by all the toxic medications and treatments commonly used on dogs. So they created non-toxic, a quickly effective solution, a common skin and coat issues for your dog that don't only remedy the issues but will help prevent these troubles from returning, allowing your dog to live a longer, happier, and healthier life. We had this issue with Lucy. That's how this all started. They came to us. I said, I'm not vouching for anything until I can try it. Burke like a charm. What's also Great Coat Defense has made in Ashburn, Virginia, they backed their products with a 30 day money back guarantee. Now you can save 15% in your first order at coat COAT coat defense.com. Be sure to enter code Dan when you check out. That's code defense.com for 15% off code. Dan, help your dog get relief and avoid those expensive vet visits. Coat defense, something better for your dog. Check 'em out. We love our dogs. They're like little kids for us. Lucy, man, I took a picture of her yesterday. I put on social media, Check it out.


Okay, Ken, confirm for you tragically. Two more Secret service scoops. The folks that it, they're not changing, they're, they're reactively putting band-aids on decades long problems and the same people who created the problems shockingly are still running the agency. I've never seen a place in my life where the managers of the agency, okay, and approve macro security plans that lead to a murder. Three people shot, including one of their protectees after multiple requests for security enhancements and they all get promoted. It is the weirdest thing I've ever seen. Number one, they are tip number one I got yesterday. They are still grossly unprepared with trained personnel at their events.


I'll get to that. And second, they are a totally reactive agency. Folks, something came out yesterday, I can absolutely confirm for you. They are only making changes after things happen. Now, you may be saying, isn't that dangerous in the security space? I mean, think of it like if you were a security guy at the front door of a bar, do You see a guy outside starting fights and let him in and then only kick him out after he starts a fight in a bar and breaks a bottle over someone's head? You saw him outside start the fight. Oh, no, no. We needed more proof. That's how they're operating right now. I know they're watching By the way guys, how are you?


I get it. I know you watch my show every day, so welcome back. I'm sorry if you You know you guys were part of the problem, so we're gonna fix it for you. Did You see this tweet by Susan Crabtree yesterday? You gotta follow her on Twitter. She's at Susan Crabtree. Common spelling can figure it out. She's a fantastic reporter. She has an an amazing, amazing litany of sources that have been blowing, blowing the doors off this, folks, this case is deeply troubling. I'm not gonna read to you the whole thing. You can read her series of tweets about it. I'm gonna sum up for you very simply, the Secret Service has known for years.


Listen to me folks, this is really important. This segment. Record it. Get it out on social media. All the people who do that, the Secret Service is known for years about a credible, very serious Iranian government connected threat to President Trump for years. This is not a random threat from some drunken bum who late at night from a one of the last payphones in America, dialed nine one one and said, I wanna hurt Trump. That's not what did not that those aren't serious. They're nowhere as serious as an organized government with billions of dollars able to spend money to hire an endless number of people to take sophisticated measures to attack Donald Trump.


Those are not the same thing on a threat matrix. This is serious. There have been sources out there that Susan k Crabtree covers in this tweet who have been talking to the FBI for a long time. I am telling you with certainty, the Secret Service is known about this for a long time. I'm telling you this, putting my investigative reporting hat on, because there are a lot of people don't want this out there. The management of the DTD, the Donald Trump detail, the management of DTD and others, many others have been requesting long range threat mitigation for years by long range threats.


Think of it through the lens of a secret service agent. Short range or knives, clubs, sticks, weapons, pistols, pistol may be good out to 25 yards, maybe 50 if you're really good long range threats are snipers, rifles, AR type rounds. Anything from a 50 cal, 7, 6, 2, 2, 2 3. Those are long range threats out to about a thousand yards. The secret service management on the DTD are not the bad guys. They have been begging for long range mitigation forever. This Iranian threat has been out there and everyone in the management of the Secret Service knew about it.


Folks, the only reason, the only reason that counter snipers were even approved at the Butler County PA site at all was because the management understood that there's a paper trail of requests requesting long range threat mitigation that they couldn't avoid anymore. And they knew this Iranian threat was real here. Here's what a source told the FBI, who is believed, again, everything's alleged, who's believed to be somehow connected to foreign governments and possibly Iran.


The source concluded that the near and far options would not be successful due to security, but assessed there was a 50% chance either tactic would succeed, came to the conclusion this, this source that the the threat inside the bubble was probably not gonna work because they weren't gonna beat the mags. So they had assessed that the long range threat from a sniper was the more viable one. Oh look, a long range. Here's By the way, here's a Chuck Raley put this out. By, the way this is not, it's on Susan Crabtree's thing, but Senator Grassley got ahold of this from a whistleblower.


Of course the F b's shit in their pants over this and so are the Secret service because it belies a huge, huge scandal that the Secret Service knew about the sniper threat. It was more than credible and a sniper shot Donald Trump in the head and murdered someone and they barely responded. This is a huge story, folks. They only reacted the the upper level management because there's a paper trail. Listen to me, there is a paper trail and when you find out how this paper trail, when you find out how this paper trail can't be disappeared, you're gonna be stunned.


I'm sorry, I I, I gotta leave it there. There's so much more to this story. You have not even scratched the surface. Also, I can confirm for you another story I got from a whistleblower yesterday. Folks, the secret service was grotesquely unprepared for the 2024 campaign. This is not a trick question, Michael, I'm gonna throw, you're a math guy, right? How long do you think the United States government has known there was gonna be a presidential election in 2024? You have a guess. Can't be very long. Yeah, he says can't be very long.


Maybe since like 1776 or something world gonna end in. It's true. The world left. He said it was gonna end in 2000. They didn't anticipate that we'll give them. Okay, assuming even the lefties were right and they thought the world was gonna end in 2012, they've known about it then for at least 12 years, we've known there was gonna be a presidential campaign. I'm gonna assume about 200 plus after the bicentennial, right? That we've known about this. The Secret Service whose biggest and most important task is to keep their protectees alive, especially during a campaign cycle, was Grotesquely unprepared. They don't have the manpower folks, their staffing secret service sites with Homeland Security agents.


Again, can't say this enough. Absolutely wonderful, heroic guys doing an amazing thing. You know what they do. They do child trafficking investigations, sex trafficking, you guys and women. You are not in any thank you for what you do. Full stop, period. This is in no way a knock on them. I can't emphasize that enough. However, they have a skillset. They do not have the year plus of training and OJT on the job training to do what the Secret Service does. They were given a PowerPoint. A PowerPoint that didn't even work to show them how to protect the president and soon to be hopefully President Donald Trump disgraceful.


Here's Senator Josh Hawley on Jesse Waters the other day. He may have a different whistleblower than I do. I'm not sure. I don't ask him, he doesn't ask me, but what he's telling Jesse Waters here is 100% correct and in case you think it's stopped, I'm gonna give you the numbers from just the site that happened the other day for JD Vance. It hasn't stopped. Check this out. Senator Josh Hawley's been in contact with whistleblowers and has new information he's gonna exclusively share with us here at primetime. So what now are we hearing from whistleblowers senator? Well, what I've heard tonight, Jesse, is that most of the agents who were there at that rally in Butler were not Secret Service agents. They were in fact, Homeland Security agents and get this, most of those Homeland Security agents, the only training that they received was an online webinar, a two hour online webinar.


And I'm told that about half the time the sound to the webinar didn't even work. So think about this, the president of the United States, former president of the United States, Donald Trump is sent out on stage. Most of the people there aren't trained, they're not qualified. They only got a webinar training and even that didn't work. It is absolutely outrageous. They got a webinar, folks webinar that didn't even work and they were told it's not their fault they did the job they were asked to do. If you were asked to go stand a post because the the country's being invaded and the military needs help, it's the military's the you're gonna do it.


That's what these men and women did. It is not their fault. It is the secret services fault. They've known about this campaign for 200 plus years, but because they cannot manage their workforce, you understand how unacceptable this would be anywhere else. Imagine you're a manager at whatever. I'm looking at this. I voted Martin County Martin's Car Company, And, you have this brand new product Launch And. you find out that you've known about the launch for two years. You have no salesman and no one to build a product. You'd be fired.


Not the Secret Service. Everybody got promoted. Now in case you think, oh, that's Josh Hawley. Say you're a liberal, so you're probably pretty stupid and you're like that Josh Hawley's a MAGA election. And I. Really? What if I told you that there was a site the other day for JD Vance and a whistleblower I mean as close as you can get. Told me there were 38 posts that had to be staffed. How many of them were Secret Service? 38. Nah, 30. Nope. Definitely fifteen, ten four.


But then is that what the Secret Service does? They staff their sides retreat. No. We ask other people who heroically take a webinar and go out and do it. Anyway, this workforce has completely, completely collapsed. Folks. The management has absolutely completely failed and there isn't a single other entity on this rock we call Earth that would've survived this with their jobs intact and a promotion. No one will. Anyone in government, outside of the people like Ron Johnson, Hawley and Cruz and others who have been asking questions, will anyone else in government ask the secret service managers? How long have you known about this campaign?


I mean, you knew President Trump was gonna run again. You knew Joe Biden was at least likely to not run. Again, you knew the vice president was probably gonna take his place. How come you weren't prepared? Is anyone gonna ask that? What's their answer gonna be? Be Well, we do this all the time. You do. You outsource the job we gave you to other federal agents who aren't trained in this, taking them off their tasks like child sex trafficking. This is what you do. You. see this tweet again, Crabtree. Again.


Exclusive secret services stretched so thin with protecting Trump, Harris, and 30 other campaign principles and protectees. It has a deficit of 650 special agents for the UN General Assembly. I, I don't wanna put you guys outta spot. The UN General Assembly, do you have any idea how often it happens? Happens every year. Every year. The same time in the beginning of September. Matter of fact, here's a little trick for you. The UN General Assembly almost always coincides with the US Open Tennis Tournament. It's not causation, it's just correlation. I'm serious.


Every time you'll see they almost always, and when you guys know how often the US Open Tennis Tournament happens every year, so the Secret Service didn't only know every year right around the US Open, it was gonna be the UN General Assembly where they'd have to protect just about every world leader. They also knew would be happening during a campaign and they still don't have the workforce. Is anyone gonna ask that? Anyone? Guess? Is Justin's getting it? Justin's answer was great. Justin said, get the webinars out. Get, maybe they'll work this time. Maybe it'll work this time.


But don't worry, Crabtree has another exclusive, she's on the ball this week. Exclusive. She puts the emoticon exclamation points, the Secret Services office of DEI, otherwise known as Die, DIE had some kind of like webinar thing at 11 o'clock the other day. Sending out an agency-wide request for nominees. They want nominees. You gotta be nominated for this to attend an all expense paid trip to an LGBTQ plus out an equal Workplace summit of diversity at Disney in Orlando October 7th. Holy shit. Is there a more tone deaf group of managers anywhere on planet Earth, private, public, nonprofit, or NGO sector that these people aren't fired today?


For this, you've got agents out there rank and file agents By the way, blowing the whistle like crazy because listen to me. I'm telling you this, I work with these guys. Please, I'm asking you for a favor here. Just drop what you're doing. Unless you're driving, you have a young child or sharp objects. Don't do, don't drop it. I've never in my life worked with a finer group of people than my time in the Secret Service. Ever, ever, ever. People who would've done anything to keep that president alive. They didn't care about his politics or anything else. I've never been prouder of a place I worked in there ever. And, I always will be.


Some of those guys are still there. Some have retired. They are freaking furious right now. They are working seven days a week, 12 hour shifts standing in front of a door in a hot hallway watching the president of Uzbekistan while the out and equal DEI crew are taking nominees for a little summit Disney World, right before a campaign. Can you imagine being the acting director of the Secret Service and approving this while you're recruiting via webinar 650 HSI and others pulling them off critical tasks because you couldn't manage your workforce 'cause you didn't see the campaign and the United Nations General Assembly coming.


Shame, shame. Absolute shame, shame. You realize President Trump got shot in the head, right? You realize the guy was murdered at your sites, right? They're acting like this is just at the out and equal Workplace Summit. You didn't, just to be clear to Ron Rowe and all of the other people in the eighth floor managing the secret service, you didn't think your working agents busting their asses put legit putting their lives on the line. You think those guys who ran on stage to save Trump after your security plan failed? You think they were doing that for fun? They didn't even know that the the the guy had been shot. They had no idea They could have been next. Matter of fact, someone told me, someone told them the bullets, they heard them go by their heads.


But don't worry. Go to your out and equal workplace summit at Disney. Spend a few days, have fun. Go on a, It's a small world after you Run the little thing. Justin, you've been on it. Right? Here's what happens before Disney went crazy with it. You're on this thing. It's the worst ride ever. You get in this little car And, you drive, It's a small road. And, you got a bunch of people. It's the most annoying ride you go to. Have fun. Have fun like where people get murdered. Three people got shot. You've got agents with no experience in your space doing your job for you. Yeah, have fun. You got an Iran threat that's only been going on for three years. You still haven't mitigated. Don't worry about it.


You guys have fun. Matter of fact, I got an idea to Joe Biden, promote them again. Make the acting director the director and give everyone else. What do you think, Justin? A cash bonus maybe 20, 30%. Everybody, everybody gets a trip to Disney World. It's a small here. It's here's the cart. It moves slow. Justin, you've been on it, right? Michael, have you seen it? You go, well, don't You know, not miss it. You got his card. Go Small. Everybody Go. I mean, can can we get a picture By the way for Monday of Ron Rowe in one of those carts? And it. They, that's what, that's what they're doing right now. They're like, and Ron rows like, I lose sleep at night.


Really? You don't lose enough sleep, I guess because you got an out and equal workplace summit at the Disney World right before the election. Who, who thought that was a good idea? Thought that was a good idea. Meanwhile, you got agents By the way maxed out working for free. I mean actually working for free because they, they, they physically can't make any more overtime because you're exhausting them to death. But yeah, keep it up. Head on over to Disney, fellas rotten. Go with 'em. Go with 'em. Get in the cart. It's a small, well maybe you'll the Dumbo ride the you've been on a Dumbo ride. Get on a Dumbo ride. I don't know if you can fit in there, but get to squeeze in there with the kid. Hey, you can wave, ma, take my picture.


Politically correct. Splash Mountain. That gr Yes, Justin just said it. Splash Mountain apparently remember they changed it 'cause it wasn't pc. It's now like the DEI Mountain get run head on over there with the employees that while people are getting murdered, you don't have enough agents. That was brilliant. Justin. You didn't know about that. They changed Splash Mountain, the DEI Mountain. Now they did. They didn't like it. It was like two un PC for them. You go over there every, have a summit on the way they, whoa. Here's how you go down for whoa, And, you get a little wet. Wear your bathing suit. Fellas have fun. Mommy, take a picture way to run the workforce. You guys are knocking it outta the park. Don't worry about those Iranians.


The Iranians have a bumper sticker on a car seat, like Death to America. It's not like they've actually committed a terror attack before, so don't worry about it. It's not like they know how to kill people. Don't sweat it. You guys got this thing on lockdown. Great job. I can't today, now You. see why I'm not suicidal and let me just repeat again. There is nothing you can say to stop me. I don't give a fuck. I don't care. I don't know how long I have here. I don't care. I have one loyalty only outside of God and family and my friends and that is to this audience of amazing people that choose to listen to this show.


I don't give a shit about you. Don't call me, don't ask me out to your dinners. Don't send me business inquiries. I'm not interested. I wanna show you this also, this is another Stephen Crowder's team has been just killing it between the Nashville Shooter Manifesto. If you're not watching his show on Rumble, you missed a lot of this. His team cracked that Nashville shooter thing wide open. This is shocking. I've gotta tell you. The Nashville shooter story was critically important and the manifesto, this story's huge.


Of course, the mainstream media hates people like me and Crowder, so they bear, they were forced to cover it. This is a hidden video of the Department of Justice Chief of Public Affairs. Let me say that again. The Department of Justice, Biden's Justice Department, the chief of Public Affairs, admitting on hidden video that this entire persecution of Donald Trump was quote, a perversion of justice and quote nonsense. What if you miss this man? Did you miss a bombshell?


Check this out. He was stacking charges and rearranging things just to make it that a case make the case is nonsense. To perversion of justice to make him a a convicted felon affects his. He's a convicted fe. It's a travesty of justice. A mockery of justice. Let me be clear about something on the outset. The person you'll be watching today is not the bad guy here.


Unwitting whistleblower. Yeah. Nicholas Bii is the chief of public affairs for the Department of Justice's, Southern District of New York, something you may be familiar with, and the most prominent federal trial court in America. Those felonies did nothing does stop Trump from running. No. In fact, they made him more relevant. Did that backfire? It sure did. And another thing is disgusting. They're just out to get, and that's why like the surgical policy You know it's a perversion of justice.


Again, the Dan Bongino Show is a year ahead of the news cycle. No, not with this is Crowder's story exclusively about that last part. Didn't I tell you that these people were freaking out that the weaponization attempt, not attempt, they did it to put Donald Trump in prison and on trial, that they were terrified that they had martyred him. They knew exactly what they did and now it's blown up in their face. Spectacularly an enormous hat tip to the Crowder team. I don't know how they did it, but they did it and the Justice Department is freaking out. This guy has come out with a statement like, oh my gosh, I didn't mean to say that.


I was just trying to impress someone. Sure, Now you got it all on video. I encourage you to check out Crowder's episode on Rumble. It's, this is some badass stuff. I'm gonna say one last time and then end where I began after you saw that right there. And, you saw you You. see the communists now and what they're doing. These are actual hardcore tyrants and authoritarians. Are you really ready to fall into the trap Russia 3.0 yet again, please don't be stupid. This is not for my audience at all. This is for the Grifter class and the losers and the swampy.


Please stop being stupid. It's easy to not be stupid. Just don't be stupid, man. What a show. Yeah, right. The show was a fucking banger today. I feel good. Now I feel better. Lefty's like he looks terrified. Yes, totally terrified, scared. I may not even show up for the radio chip's, like, wow, really? I'm so scared, so scared. Make sure you download the Rumble app. You can find me in crowder there. rumble.com slash bonino is where you'll find it. The well the app Store. You find the app. Just give us a follow there. Please, while you're on the site. Also, if you wouldn't mind, go to Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Give us a follow as well see you on the radio show here on Rumble in just a few minutes, and back here at 11:00 AM on Monday for the live stream Eastern Time.


See you here. Thanks for tuning in today. Appreciate it. See you then. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.