
In these crazy times, there's peace of mind and security. But think about this. You're not financially secure. If all your eggs are in one basket, gold and silver can be an excellent way to diversify your savings. Through my friends at Birch Gold Group, you can own physical gold and silver in a tax sheltered retirement account. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and receive a free, no obligation information kit. This is the one thing you can do to help secure your family savings. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Message and data rate supply.


Dan Bonino. Welcome to the Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino. Folks, desperation. Time is kicking in Now. you know, I need everybody to listen to me for a minute here. This is the most important election of our lifetime. I know you've heard that before. Scrap everything you've heard before. That's a fact. Sunday I had to take it. Easy, long story, but one feeling that great And I was I was sitting on the couch and feel good today. So I was sitting on the couch, And I, decided to give a watch to Hillbilly Elegy. It's JD Vance's autobiography, our new vice presidential nominee for the Trump ticket.


I like JD Vance. And I have for a long time. You're free to support whoever you like. I love JD Vance. I like him a lot. Don't agree with him on everything but I. Don't have to. I need decent people in charge. And if I'm with you, 80%, the other 20 we can negotiate on. Okay? I know this guy to be a decent guy. Have you seen Hillbilly Elegy folks in the chat? Anyone? If, you haven't seen it or read the book? You can knock JD Vance for whatever you like. Policy-wise, this guy's backstory. Having dealt with a family member with addiction, I recently lost.


I was having a tough time with the Kleenex If. you know what I mean? And I gotta tell you, don, don't really care if it sounds like I gotta turn in my man card. I was having a tough time with the movie. It's an amazing movie about his backstory, but it really impacted me deep. This guy has a resume like we've never seen before. United States marine entrepreneur, lawyer, United States Senator from Ohio, and he's only 39. What he dealt with in his past is unbelievable. Why am I saying that now? I don't need to sell him. He's the nominee, the attacks by the establishment, right on JD Vance, right?


Well, we expect this from the left are freaking disgusting. Guys. Make me sick. I have an expression. I say a lot on the show, I haven't said in a while, but you know, it's true. It's one of my golden rules. It's that most Republicans on Capitol Hill are really Democrats, but no Democrats are really Republicans watch how the right wing media handles Kamala Harris versus how the left wing media handles JD Vance. The fact that establishment Republicans out there are attacking JD Vance, that he's, he's weird.


He's weird. Weird United States Marine capitalist made, I mean, I'm, I'm really hurt by the whole, I He's weird. You got a woman on the other side, a cackling lunatic who you say anything about her. That's true. By the way, borders are whatsoever. You've got establishment concerns though. Don't say that. Don't say that. Don't say that even though it's true. And then they lie about JD Vance and it's the weirdest thing.


Like you got establishment concern. It's like, oh, maybe Trump made the wrong choice the wrong. Are you insane? Grow a pair of mother fucking balls. You've got the best candidate you've seen in eons in the VP spot, and you're shitting on this guy because a bunch of crazily cackling Kamala supporters, you want their support. 'cause you think you're, you wanna look like the reasonable guy and you're shitting on this guy despite everything he's done for this country. Hey, you have that JD clip at the, I know we were gonna play another one next, but the clip at the, yeah, yeah, that one on the screen. Listen to me. I want you to listen to this and I'm asking to you out there who were the diehards?


I love you. This is not directed at you. You can turn the show off. Well, don't, but you could to the establishment shitheads attacking this guy. You're dead to me, man. You're dead to me. This is a good and decent guy and you're ripping this guy apart over nothing more in a minute.


But first, this podcast is sponsored by MD Hearing. I was reading recently that hearing loss can be directly correlated with dementia. It's 2024, you're still paying thousands of dollars for hearing aids that don't even work, right? MD hearing is an FDA registered rechargeable hearing aid that costs a fraction of what typical hearing aids cost. MD hearings Neo model costs over 90% less than clinic hearing aids. The neo fits inside your ear so no one will even know it's there. Plus, MD hearing just launched a Neo XS MD hearing's, smallest hearing aid ever. MD hearing was founded by an ENT surgeon who made it his mission to develop a quality hearing aid that anyone could afford. It's crazy how good the quality is at only $297. Plus MD hearing is sold over 1.5 million hearing aids, and they offer a 45 day risk-free trial with a 100% money back guarantee. Get the hearing you deserve with MD hearing. Go to shop md hearing.com and use promo code Patriot to get their new $297 when you buy a pair offer. Plus they're adding a free extra charging case, a $100 value just for listeners of this show. That's shop md hearing.com and use our promo code Patriot and get their new $297 when you buy a pair offer


Kamala Harris, of course, loser, who's done nothing for this country in case And I absent destroying it. She attacked him for his patriotism. JD Vance, really? It's Kamala in the Marine Corps in Iraq. I'm not don, don't see that. It was JD Vance responding. This is the guy and this is the guy we're going to battle with on that ticket. You get on the train or get run over by it. Don't fall into this leftist messaging trap. Take a look. I saw the other day, Kamala Harris question my loyalty to this country. That's the word she used. Loyalty, and it's an interesting word, simplify, loyalty, because there is no greater sign of this loyalty to this country than what Kamala Harris has done at our southern border.


And I'd like to ask the vice president, what has she done to question my loyalty to this country? I served in the United States Marine Corps. I went to Iraq for this country. I built a business for this country, and my running mate took a bullet for this country. So my question to Kamala Harris is, what the hell have you done to question our loyalty to the United States of America?


Amen, brother. Folks. I get it, man. I get it. I understand what, you're never going to get a nominee at the top or in the VP spot you're gonna agree with on everything. I understand. It may shock you that I say I have been a Trump supporter and a diehard for, gosh, what, eight years, six years now. I don don't know. I mean, everybody was a abandon him for other candidates, not this show. Go back and look, track record speaks for itself. It may surprise you. I don't agree with Donald Trump on everything. I don't, but I agree with him on a lot of things.


don don't agree with JD on everything too. Not a huge fan of Lena Kahn at the ftc, but this guy is a patriot man and all, all of the right, and by right I mean wrong. People hate JD Vance. And I'm telling you, establishment hacks out there trying to dismantle this guy, you're dead to me. Don't ask to come on my show. You have. I want nothing to do with you at all. You're as bad as Democrats. You've got the worst candidate we have ever seen without a brain disorder in Kamala Harris. And you wasted the entire weekend on some ridiculous comment about a cat from years ago that has nothing to do with anything.


The country is on the brink of collapse economically. Our military being hijacked by DEI lunatics. We've got our infrastructure falling apart. You've got this guy with the most amazing backstory spent time in our military. and by the way, he rarely brags about it or talks about it, but it's a biographical fact. And we're shitting on this guy all weekend. And you got establishment, GOP shit stains out there going, oh man, don don't know. Maybe we should swap out the ticket. Really? For who? Who do you want back? Jeb Bush. I am so sick of these people.


You have absolutely ruined our party. You ruined it. This is what we should be focusing on. You wanna see this media mashup of the the Democrats? You don't see them attacking Kamala Harris anymore, do you? But they did. But they did. I'm gonna show you this media mashup in a second where they told you how awful Kamala Harris was because they wanted another candidate. Here's the difference between the left and the establishment, right? Not you, but the establishment, right? They're not phonies. They're not. No, no, they're commies. They're not fake about it. They're straight up communists that there's nothing fake about that.


They are actual communists who are like, yeah, I said, Kamala sucks a month ago, but now that she's my only path to power now she's awesome. That's not fake. They're not fake at all. Our establishment guys are fake. I don't like JD Van. They don't even know JD Vans. They're just pissed off. Their guy didn't get picked. This is what we're running against. But notice how quickly they changed their minds and back their guy while we're selling out ours. Check this out. There Are reports that say that you have the lowest approval rating of any vice president. Well, there are polls that also say, I have great approval ratings. Swing voters don't like Harris. How beg a drag is Kamala Harris on the ticket?


She's A pretty big drag. I think he was arguably Biden's worst political decision. They don't Like her. There's lots of reasons they don't like her. Kamala Harris's approval rating is now at 28%, which is an historic low for any modern vice president. We're hearing to get from main mainstream media, a one outlet after another, one league after another. The Kamala Harris is the worst vice president ever. The worst politician ever. We don't See the vice president. What? What people are saying to me, And, I'm sure they're saying it to you. Where's the vice president? Some white ask officials feeling that, that she came off looking unprepared for inevitable questions about when she might visit the southern border. We've been to the border. You haven't been to the border.


I And, I haven't been to Europe. And. I mean don don't. don don't understand the point that you're making. The Point that Lester Holt was making was, was obvious to anyone else who was watching this interview, which is that the issues at the border are inextricably linked with the portfolio that she's been given. Notice this will all be memory hold. Why? Because the establishment left is not phony or fake like the establishment, right? They're not the establishment, right? Pretends to be conservative lovers of liberty and prosperity and on our team. And the minute they can sell us out by attacking a guy like JD Vance, they do that because they want to look like the reasonable, sane ones to the people that hate them at the Washington Post.


The left's not fake at all. The left are like we are straight up commies. We will do anything to maintain power. Matter of fact, I'm gonna show you, we'll do anything. We told you Kamala sucks when we wanted her out for a better candidate. Now that We don't have a better candidate and we're stuck with the worst candidate, Kamala Harris, we're gonna do a bunch of puff pieces telling you how wonderful Kamala Harris is. A vita just said it, right? With enemies like that, you know, I mean with friends, like who? These enemies, right? I mean this. These people don't care. They, they are in this to win. Our guys are in this fighting some faux moral hierarchy. Well, look at me. Call out JD Vange made a comment about a cat.


This is why I am telling you, man, you better vote like your freaking 10 points behind the Dan Bongino Show. If you'd like to hear more, subscribe to the Dan Bongino Show wherever you get your podcast.