
Level essential. That's forcing colleges to dumb down curriculum. Just to keep enrollment up, freedom Project Academy has perfected online learning for 15 years, offering live anytime and homeschool courses for students in kindergarten through high school. They're built on Judeo Christian values. Freedom Project Academy is dedicated to mastery of subject matter where students read full books. Imagine write in cursive, study the full scope of history and graduate with knowledge years above their public school peers. To celebrate 15 years, freedom Project Academy is offering their largest discount ever. Go to Freedom for school.com and save 15% off of all courses when you use the code. VINCE 15, that's VINCE one five for 15% off all live anytime and homeschool courses we can't afford to keep dumbing down our nation. Go to freedom for school.com. That's freedom. FOR school.com. Take back your child's education.


Hey, let's get into these documents. Let's get into these documents. Well, well, first and foremost, I should point out that more Democrats are apparently gonna follow suit. Chris Van Holland is bragging that a lot more Democrats are gonna step on rakes on the way to El Salvador. Here he is on television last night. Cut five, take a look. Here's Chris Van Holland reporting The good news, as far as I'm concerned, Is just a gross violation of basic human rights and human decency. And you know, I asked the vice president if I came back next week, whether or not I could go visit Gilmar and the answer was no. I, he couldn't guarantee that.


I said, look, I may be the first member of Congress here, the first Senator, but I can assure you more will be coming. Oh. And you cannot continue to keep this man locked up in this worst prison in El Salvador. Oh, okay. So more people are going, more Democrats are now we have a Rico conspiracy. Now it's, it is Logan Act. Rico, I think we're, we're really, you know, they've got a whole bunch of people who were involved in trying to negotiate on behalf of the United States. We gotta spring the criminals free. These people are psychopaths. They're complete psychopaths. Let me show you the underlying documents now that the White House has released.


And the most important document is the one that I'm gonna show you first here, which is that you've got, let me, let me make sure we get it exactly on the screen for you. 'cause this is super important. Here we go. Alright. So you have a form from the Prince George's County Police Department. It's called the Gang Field Interview Sheet. A gang field interview sheet. In other other words, these are the gang experts as a part of the Prince Georges County, Maryland Police Department. And they encounter Abrego Garcia, his name is Kmar Armando Abrego Garcia, standing at a Home Depot back in March of 2019.


March of 2019. And they put his basic information on here as you do they say, they say they put his name down, they put his place of birth being El Salvador, San Salvador, the capital of the country. They give you his height, his weight. He's five foot seven, 200 pounds chunky boy. And they mention, you know, basic things like his hair length, his hairstyle, his facial hair, his his teeth, his complexion. This all goes into their assessment about the likeliness that he's a member of a gang. And look right here. Look right here. What is that right there at the top of this form? What gang is he in?


Maura Salva Truca 13. That would be MS 13, right there at the top of the document they say he's a member of MS 13. He's a part of the westerns clique. His member status is active and his moniker, meaning his MS 13 nickname is Chale. Huh? So there we go. So we, so now we have all sorts of meaningful evidence about who he is according to the literal gang experts who encounter him. And they describe in this document all of the ways these guys meet gang criteria from the fact that they were arrested as a group, they had the way they were dressed, the fact that they were frequenting a gang area, that they have affiliates of a gang around them.


And that reliable sources indicated that these guys are all gangsters. So they have, it's not just some random hearsay, they're checking all of the boxes that indicate that these guys are MS 13 gangsters. So let's go down the list one, you've got a, a fellow called Christian Hernandez Romero, AKA Bimbo, who, one of the cops who knows him, one of the detectives who knows who he is, instantly says, oh yeah, I know him. He is an MS 13 guy. He is a part of the sailors clique. And when the cops approach these guys, they say they discarded several unknown items under a parked vehicle. All four individuals were stopped by these Hyattsville officers.


Two small plastic bottles containing marijuana were located on the scene. All four individuals were transported back to district one for interviews. For interviews. So they talked to all the guys. The MS 13 intelligence squad. You got that. The Prince Georges County gang unit, MS 13 intelligence squad, have encountered the first guy Christian Hernandez Romero, on multiple occasions. He has extensive criminal history, multiple assault, concealing, dangerous weapon burglary, and many other criminal offenses. He's also been found guilty of gang participation in the circuit court in PG County in December of the prior year 2018. And officers know him to be an active MS 13 gang member with the sailors click with the rank of observation and the moniker of bimbo.


So 0.1, you've got the guy who we're talking about this Abrego Garcia guy. He's standing with a very well known MS 13 guy. So well known that the detectives instantly know everything about him. His moniker, the clique he's in, all of the violence he's been involved in. So this is the guy he's standing with that they're all together. Officers also interviewed another guy, Jose Guillermo Dominguez. During the interview, officers observed tattoos of skulls covering his eyes, ears, and mouth. Officers of course, know that these kinds of tattoos are indicative of Hispanic gang culture. The tattoos meant to represent their or your iar.


See no evil hear no evil, say no evil. He also has a tattoo of a devil on his left leg, which officers knew only higher ranking. MS 13 gang members are allowed to get a tattoo with the horns. This represents power within MS 13. He is an active member of MS 13 with the sailor's clique, the rank of ZEO with the moniker maniacal. So all these guys have nicknames and, and ranks and they're parts of cliques. And then they interviewed Kmar, Armando Abrego Garcia. This is the subject of all of this media coverage. Remember, this guy's supposed to be the Maryland man, the Maryland father.


They go up to him and they said during the interview, officers observed he was wearing a Chicago Bulls hat and a hoodie with rolls of money covering the eyes, ears, and mouths of the presidents on the separate denominations. Officers know such clothing to be indicative of the Hispanic gang culture. The meaning of the clothing is to represent once again, see no evil, hear no evil and say no evil. Wearing the Chicago Bulls hat represents that they are a member in good standing with MS 13. Remember, I've, I've covered this on the show before. Chicago Bulls apparel is indicative of MS 13 membership.


It doesn't mean not everybody wearing a Chicago Bulls jersey. If you wearing a Jordan jersey, it doesn't mean you're an MS 13. But there is definitely a gang culture with MS 13 that wears the Chicago Bulls gear because of the bull horns. And this guy's standing in Maryland wearing Chicago Bulls gear, and he's hanging out with all of his MS 13 buddies all tatted up with criminal records from their violence in MS 13. And he has all of the markers of MS 13 on his clothing as he stands with them. Oh, it's no wonder officers arrived at some conclusions about what he was up to.


Officers contacted a past proven and reliable source of information who also advised, here we go. This is a reliable, confidential source. Who spoke to the cops who advised that Kmar, Armando Rego Garcia is an active member with the westerns clique, the confidential source, further advised he is the rank of cheo with the moniker of Chale. So now you have, you have the people he is with, you've got the fact that they're discarding drugs as the cops approach. You've got the apparel that they're wearing. You've got the criminal records of the people around him. You have a confidential source saying, yeah, this guy is MS 13, here's his rank, here's his click.


I mean, at this point, do you need more evidence? Because I have it. We've, we definitely have a lot more officers also interviewed another guy there who is, goes by the name of Jaan Jasu Ramirez Herrera. During the interview, officers were unable to determine his gang affiliation, but officers know this is the essential point from this, this section, officers know, MS 13 gang members are only allowed to hang around other members or prospects for the gang officers know that your, that these MS 13 gangsters only hang around with other gangsters or would be gangsters prospects for the gang officers will continue to monitor that last guy.


They said the documents the White House released, continued, including documents from the US Department of Homeland Security indicating his nationality, pictures of him showing that, he saying, declaring that he is a member of MS 13, that he's present here in the United States illegally. Subject has been identified as a member active with MS 13. The documents go on and on and on and on. So, so, okay, so we've established he's MS 13 just to once again offer an an accelerant for why we have to deport this guy from the United States of America.


And now this, we have information about the extent to which he's also a wife beater. This guy is a domestic abuser. And so we were just playing for you, some of the angel moms talking about what happened to the girls in their lives. This guy, this illegal alien, MS 13 member, is beating women and hurting women and, and, and in this case, his wife, which is disgraceful. And so here we have, this is the, the new updates here I wanna share with you, which shows exactly what's inside of these documents and what she said about him as she sought a protective order against him.


Yeah. Fox News is Bill Milus has obtained these documents. Take a look here. This is, these are the, these are the essential documents. Standby. Here we go. In her ho in her own handwriting, she alleged that a Brasio Garcia, a Braigo Garcia punched and scratched her on her eye. This document goes back to 2021. It's from May of 2021. And here you see her write the following, seeking a protective order against him from the Prince Georges County Police, which who have to keep getting involved with this guy. I told him to give me his card to pay.


He got angry. He started insulting me. I only put a few of gas, meaning a few gallons, I assume. Once leaving there, he pulled out like crazy, meaning driving the car quickly. I started recording because I was scared of the way he was driving and because our 1-year-old was in the backseat, in the recording, you can hear him yelling, insulting me, driving extremely fast. On another date, at one o'clock I was watching on my laptop and he yelled to turn it off. I told him I wasn't sleepy. He got angry. He reached over, he shut the laptop and threw it on the floor. And the baby started to cry because he was putting pressure on him. So what, what she's describing it sounds like, is they're lying in bed. She's on her laptop watching something.


He slams it shut, shoves it to the floor and starts crushing the baby in between them. As he does this, my immediate reaction, she says, was to push him off of us. And then he then punched and scratched me on my left eye, leaving me bleeding. That same day. At two o'clock, he came home to say he was going out with a friend. I told him that I needed to go out to pick up some orders at BJ's. BJ's, one of these big box stores, if you don't have it in your area, he got angry, started yelling again to the point that he ripped my shorts and my shirt off. And I ran to the bathroom. He ran behind me, grabbed me by my arm. I have marks on my left arm as well.


He then left and came home at 12:00 PM and she goes on to say basically that there was a dispute about a car. She said, at this point, I'm afraid to be close to him. I have multiple photos and videos of how violent he can be and all the bruises he has left me. She writes in this document, subsequently in a separate document on the same subject, the violence of her husband. She says that in November of 2020, he hit her with his work boot. And in August of 2020, he hit her in the eye, leaving me with a purple eye, a black eye. So this guy is a wifebeater and an MS 13 member.


This is the poster boy for the American left right now. This is the guy they're going all in on and saying, we've gotta, we've gotta defend this guy to the hilt. We've gotta get him desperately back into, into the United States. And I'm here to tell the left 'cause they're not gonna listen to me anyway. But I'm just gonna say it, I'm gonna will it into existence. Keep it up. Just keep doing this, keep doing this. Just continue to show people who you really are. Isn't President Trump amazing, the great clarifying force of the Trump presidency. Continue to demonstrate exactly who you are with this callous, disgusting, depraved, anti-American, illegal alien, pro gangster behavior. Keep it up. And Chris van Holland, I hope what he said is true.


Now he's lied about it a lot. So it probably that that too might be a lie. But I really hope every Democrat in the whole fricking Congress goes to El Salvador. And stages what they think are is some sort of civil rights protest outside of that prism where they're keeping Ms 13 gangsters like the Rego Garcia character. And so all credit to the White House here, rolling out the grenades yesterday saying, okay, good, go for that. We're gonna release every ounce of evidence to demonstrate how insane you are. How completely insane you are. Now, as I mentioned, the left is doubling down on this. The rage in Cajun James Carville is completely undeterred.


Take a look at what he's been saying. He says that if the Democrats don't stand up for this guy, they don't stand for anything. He says watch People say, well, should we really fight on this? Or should we fight more on ordinary people? And this we should fight out. You, you can't say you can't pivot to an economic issue. Wait a minute. This is, this is why we, we think we are country And it they do this to him. It's a, it's an old saying. First they came for to, you know, whatever, and then whatever. And they came for me. You know what, that's, you know why you remember that saying? 'cause there's wisdom in it. Oh my God, there's real wisdom in it.


And history has taught us that. And first it came for him, and then we're gonna say no. Right? Dad, we, we gotta keep fighting this. I think this is worthy of, of being on the top agenda of things that we're gonna fight over is get this guy back home. I completely agree. And, and just drill home every day. Oh my God, that this guy is saying screw you to the United States Supreme Court. Right? Maybe that'll give a backbone, which has been locking so far, everything You're hearing, Roberts and some of the others, because Just lies, just lies. They're not saying screw you to the Supreme Court. In fact, president Trump is the only one who respects the courts. When that, when these lunatics, when Judge Boberg tried to shut down all of these deportation flights, you know what the Trump administration did?


They actually found a different way to deport people. They started deporting people under Title VIII instead of the Alien Enemies Act. While that litigation was pending, while the court process was pending, the Supreme Court, as you now likely know, but just to be super clear about the Rego Garcia, Ms. 13 guy, they only said that if El Salvador decides to send him back, that the United States would have to facilitate that transfer. And then the Trump administration said, okay, fine. If that happens, we will immediately deport him again from the United States. So it's a moot point. He's not staying here. He is not, he's not gonna stay in Maryland. He is never gonna be free in our, in our country again. And the, the, the fact is the left is just lying top to bottom about this, which is of course, their nature.


But it is really, really imperative that people know the details. So you can combat these lies as you encounter them, as you go about your life. Because I think the left has kicked up so much dirt and dust and and confusion about this. They're trying to convince people that some sort of innocent man has been imprisoned and under torturous conditions in El Salvador when it couldn't be further from the truth. This is a wife beating Ms 13 lunatic and the left is going all in. Now, having, I I was wondering is, was that video done, the video that he released, was that done after the White House press briefing or before? You know, maybe, maybe he was just ignorant. Maybe if I just give him the benefit of the doubt James Craw, but maybe it was just ignorant yesterday morning and he didn't know about these details.


No, no. He went on television last night and he doubled down in the face of all of the evidence that I'm talking about right now. Look here, Here's my one issue about the constitutional issue that surrounds the Garcia case Argue even the IAEA case, the invasion case is politically, if you wanna argue due process, that's high ground, But it does look with Van Holland running down El Salvador, like you guys are pleading the case of a gang banger and trying to bring them back into this country. It does look And you're gonna Lose politically it is to the effort to get bad guys out of the country. First of all, there is no evidence that has ever been presented.


Okay? There's no due process, there's no anything that that's agreed on. Every court has said, bring him back. So what do we do? He said, well, we don't, we wanna pivot to another issue. Let's just leave him down in some else over him. Don't no, let the president of the United States who bought away in his oath of office is to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States. In which to the Supreme Court, you know, I think is Article three, but don't hold me to it. It is, it is just blatantly disregarding an order. So if we pivot to another issue and we take care of middle class, if we don't have laws in this country, what good have we done? I I, I am just think that is an outright Psychotic, just totally psychotic. The raging Cajun Yeah. The, the Delusional Cajun.


That guy has no idea what he is talking about. Or if he does, he's just straight up lying. You know? No, the courts have not been mandating the Trump bring this guy back, lunacy, and he doubles down in the face of that. So the party of the left is the party of women abusers and criminals and foreign nationals who shouldn't be here. That's what they're for. That's what they're for. And I don't know how much more evidence we need here, you know, of, of that particular thing.


Hey, more in a moment. I gotta thank our great sponsors for this program. You know, I love Blackout Coffee. I adore Blackout Coffee. It's, I I truly believe in it for a bunch of reasons. One is Delicious Coffee. I'm drinking it right now. It's phenomenal. I almost spit it out earlier during some of those funnier moments. But also, they're a great company that loves the country. Blackout Coffee's owner is John. He's the real deal. I hung out with him in Florida down at those lovely Silver lock studios, and he built Blackout coffee from the ground up. He refuses to compromise on quality or values. This is America First Coffee Roasted Fresh, right here in the United States. There's no woke nonsense. It's just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. When I get my first sip of blackout coffee each day, boom, I'm shot out of a cannon. I love it. As you know, blackout Coffee has been the official coffee of everybody at Silver Luck. So, you know, this is a brand that stands for the right values And it helps that it's delicious. It really is. Here's the deal for you. John is hooking you up. You can head over to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE, use the code, VINCE, that's VINCE, and you'll get 20% off your first order. Whether you'll like hold bean ground or even instant coffee that does not suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE, for 20% off your first order. Please do that. It's so good. It's so worth it.


And also, it said that only four companies, do you know this, four companies control over 80% of the US meat industry. Four reports say that China controls the largest portion of US pork. These companies are using some tactics to crush American family farms too. And with the additives that they put into our food, Americans are stuck, unfortunately with some sketchy meat. So what can we do about this? Well, lemme tell you about a company that's coming out swinging on behalf of American Family Farms and your family's food security. It's called Mink. Mink. It's a combo of Moo and oink. Mok. Mo's meat comes from animals that are raised outdoors and they deliver meat straight to your doorstep at prices you can actually afford born, raised, and harvested right here in the United States of America. Mink, which is healthy meat for a healthy family. Love Mok. I know you're gonna love mok. Support American Family Farms and join the MOK movement. You ready for the MOO movement, the mo movement today@mokbox.com slash VINCE right now and get free Wings for life. Did you hear me say that? Free Wings for Life. Yeah, they're the best wings you'll ever taste for free. But for a limited time, spell M-O-I-N-K-M-O-I-N-K box.com/ VINCE, that's mink box.com/ VINCE, thank you to Mink, which is awesome. All right. Mink gives you, I don't know if they can use that phrase, Mok gives you wings. I I like that though. That is cool.


Hey, let me, lemme move to, to some other issues now with you. As the left, you know, continues its insanity with these, these illegal aliens. They're true constituents. MS 13 murderers. Yesterday we had the news, I broke down all of the news about the Attorney General of New York, Letitia James and how she defrauded her lenders in order to secure mortgages. She defrauded the taxpayers in order to receive taxpayer backed mortgages. And she defrauded the people of New York by insisting that, oh, I, I'm a resident of New York. And then simultaneously telling people in Virginia, actually I'm a full-time resident of Virginia, she said on her mortgage forms, which would then invalidate her as the Attorney General of New York.


It couldn't happen to a better person. So she was criminally referred yesterday to the United States Department of Justice appropriately so. And some reporters from the Daily Caller News Foundation decided, why don't we just run down to her various properties in Virginia And she was living there. See if it actually is her primary residence. Take a look at what they found. Car sound. There's a car parked the driveway. Hello there, ma'am. No comment. Truck happened. No comment. Yeah. Okay. Who lives here? Who lives here ma'am?


No comment. No comment. Okay. Okay. Yeah, no, no comment. I can't, I can't comment on that. So they were running around, they were visiting the two different Virginia homes in the area of Norfolk that are believed to be owned according to the records by Big Tisch James. And there was no big Tisch to be found. Instead, it was just a bunch of angry people yelling at reporters, telling them to go away. So did Letitia James commit fraud? Yes. Yes. Is the answer, yes, is yes. Appears to be the overwhelming answer here now in the hands of the United States Department of Justice. How sweet that is after she accused President Trump of fraudulently obtaining loans.


In the end, of course, you know, the banks were very happy with President Trump and nobody accused him of fraud at the banks or anywhere else. So, except for Letitia James, who wanted to rig the election and try and defeat him. So that's, that was fun. That was a nice thing to do. Also, speaking of President Trump, we've got some updates from him. He spoke to a Vita's mother, Ms. Rachel Campos Duffy, who wanted to, we interviewed the president for the Fox News Channel and asked him about the status of the assassination investigations. Has he learned anything about the two men who got so very close to assassinating the 47th president of the United States?


Take a look to at President Trump's answer, which I will say is troubling. And so far they're all saying it was like a couple of nut jabs. Do you believe that? I don't know. You know, the one person had 18 telephones. I have a lot of phones, but that's like three. Yeah. And they're made for special reasons. I don't know what to believe in. I really don't. I don know what to believe. They Did cremate him. His father went out and hired who, they weren't rich people. They were probably middle income. He's got the ultimate law firm white shoe, a white shoe law firm from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Pittsburgh.


And this was in Butler. So they went to Pittsburgh and they have a lawyer that, you know, IBM would hire. Right? Where did he get these? You know this, this person? Yeah. The other one had the original one. The, the one from Butler had three apps and two of them were foreign based. And, and I'll be honest, it has not been explained to me perfectly by other Secret Service or the FBI. We have somebody, two good people running that. And I, I would like to hear the explanation. Yeah. Even if it's not released to the public, I should be allowed to hear it.


Amen. And I might very well release it to the public. Fascinating. But I wouldn't say it's, it was, it's been suitable yet who has 18 phones and why is, why were two of the other ones and why they cremated him. You're right. Very, very quickly it was all gone. Wow. So you and I will be talking about it maybe in the future. Wow. Wow, wow, wow. Now that's not, that's not a random person who wants answers. That's not me asking for answers. Like what happened there? What does that say? That's the president of the United States. That's the man who should have access to every classified element that the government has within its control.


That's the guy. And he's that suspicious. He has questions about how quickly they cremated the body of the Butler shooter. He has questions about the cell phones, how many cell phones these guys had, foreign apps that they were using. He says, I've, I'm dissatisfied with the answers that I've been getting from within the government that he's in charge of. That should scare the hell out of you actually, that the president of the United States can't get, can't get answers like that. Now, we saw it in, in his 45th presidency here in the 47th. He's saying, I'm, I'm dissatisfied with the answers here. Now he gave a vote of confidence. You heard there specifically to the heads of the FBI that would be Cash Patel and Dan Bonino.


And he said, you know, fortunately, I've got the right guys there. But that's a, that's a very public call out to those two men. Hey, I need some answers here. The FBI is the agency that's been leading the investigation into the assassinations Fellows. I need some answers, even if this is not public. He, he declared, I need them, them delivered to me directly. Well, that's the president of the United States saying that. And he's very much entitled to that briefing. Completely uncensored. Completely unclassified, complete. And if you don't know something, tell 'em. We don't know the answer to that. We don't know anybody who's ever led any organization. You know how this works. It works best if you have a feedback loop, if somebody can come back to you and tell you what's going on.


Leaders often as well, not often, but they, they have good reason sometimes assume if they, if they don't hear anything, they just sort of assume nothing's going on. Nothing, nothing. Nobody's doing anything. And so if you, if you run down one of these investigative paths and then you discover, well, I'm not getting good answers here. You should still tell Trump that. You should still tell the president, go tell the president. Be like, look, we chased down these six leads. These four ended up in dead ends. These two gave us some kind of interesting information. We don't know what to make of it yet. Give him status reports on this. He doesn't need a final signed, sealed, delivered report on this. He just needs updates. And the president of the United States to this very day, April of 2025, still doesn't know the motivations or, or how it all went down beginning with Thomas Crooks in Butler, Pennsylvania in July 13th of last year.


That's insanity. And it's scary because it suggests a, a deep seated level of corruption that's still to this day trying to undermine the duly elected president of the United States. So the men that President Trump just referenced, CAS Patel and Dan Bonino and, and whoever else that we can trust within the government, they have a big task ahead of them to root all of this out. Now, one of the things when I, when, when Dan took the job as FBI, deputy director, this is, this right there was at the top of my head, and I'm sure it was at the top of yours too. He's, he's uniquely situated to examine the secret service response here and the how do we protect the president's side of all of this, having been a part of the protective detail.


He knows all the contours of that. So here you have an FBI investigation into it, and you've got a guy with a lot of secret service experience who can bring that experience to bear as they stare at this and figure out, okay, what went wrong? How can we prevent it? Again, so good for President Trump raising demands here for some more answers from within the government, but a haunting sign that the president has to plead like that, including on national television to say that. But just really important interview, wanted to share that with you. Here's another piece for you. I wanna end on this because it's Holy Week and the President, he had some remarks yesterday. They had an event for Holy Week at the White House, which I adore and adore.


When the President does take a, a moment to reflect on faith and reflect on Christianity, here he is honoring Holy Week with from the President a touching tribute to Jesus Christ. Take a look at this. Nearly 2000 years ago, during the sacred week, the living son of God entered Jerusalem and triumph. Soon after the savior of mankind who brought truth and light into the world was betrayed, arrested, and tried, beaten, and nailed to a cross and crucified for our sake. He gave up his life. And as the very great Reverend Billy Graham once said, God proved his love on the cross when Christ hung and bled and died, it was God saying to the world, I love you.


Those are beautiful words from a great man Franklin, right? A great man. Franklin's incredible father. I love that. How much do you like that? That's a that's an awesome thing. That's, it was reverent. It was wonderful. And it, it honors a, a very important week for Christians all around the world. And it's the exact opposite of the Biden administration, that's for sure. Who would use organizations with religious names to traffic human beings into the country and bring about more chaos? What a, what a total and welcome difference by the Trump White House here on this holy week.


The President continued. He talked about what happened 2000 years ago. Take a look. Three days later, Christ followers found the empty tomb. Jesus had defeated darkness and death and promised new life to all of humankind. And that's what we celebrate each year at Easter, as we joyfully proclaim. When Sunday, he has risen, the death and resurrection of Jesus are the essence of the Christian faith. Whether rich or poor, healthy or sick, young or old, or in times of peace of war, Christians everywhere find solace and hope in the knowledge that Christ died for them, and that they could be united with him in heaven.


And that's what we want. That's what we all want. The miracles of Holy Week set in motion, a transformation in human existence. Countless, millions of Americans have been moved by Christ's example to heal the sick, defend their families, lift up their communities, and make our country stronger, better, and greater than ever before. I can't love that more. I really can't. I really can't love that more. I love hearing from the President saying that he wants to join Christ in eternity. That's pretty amazing actually.


Wonderful to hear. And, and a nice honor for, for Holy Week. Speaking of Holy Week, tomorrow's good Friday. I'm gonna join you back here. We're gonna talk. We've got a lot to talk about. We have a great country. We have an amazing audience. I God bless everybody here. Love everybody in in the Rumble chat Rumble dot com slash VINCE, love you on the podcast. Thank you for listening. Very much appreciate that. Another good show. I'm gonna put it together. I promise we'll have it tomorrow right here on VINCE. Up next, Stephen Crowder on Rumble.