
Since 1974, Saudi Arabia has sold oil solely in US dollars, and that was paramount to the dollar strength and its stability, but not anymore.


It's reasons like this that I buy gold from birch gold, and you may wanna also to learn more. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 for a free no obligation info kit on Gold Birch Gold has earned my trust with their thousands of happy customers and their countless five star views. Protect your savings with gold before the dollar plunges. Any further, text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply, Dan Bonino.


Welcome to the Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino. This, we have been to home for breaking news and everything we've told you come out has come out. Josh Hawley, Senator from Missouri Whistleblowers, tell me, most of Trump's security detail worked in the event last Saturday. Were not even Secret Service. Totally. 100% correct. There were three Secret Service post standards. Now, keep in mind that does not include special operations, the CAT team, the counter assault team, the CS team, and the working shift around him. The post standards, you need to be familiar with the terminology. There is a shift. The shift travels with the president of the Protectee everywhere.


I'm not gonna say how many guys, that's what we would call like the bubble around him. Wherever he goes, they go. He gets on a helicopter, some of them get on the helicopter, he lands, they land with him and get off the plane. The post standards are at a site in advance of the president. President Trump arriving, And. they are standing post. It's very simple. The post standards are probably the largest security contingent. There were only three Secret Service post standards. The rest upwards of 20 were from HSI, Homeland Security Investigations, I'm sure they're good folks. They have very special set of skills. They do not go through specific secret service training. It's not a knock, it's just a fact.


I told you that a week ago on the Monday or Tuesday show, this is a travesty. The most threatened man on earth had a cadre of three secret service posts standers while Dr. Jill up at an event in what the, in Pennsylvania had upwards of what? 10 to 12. How do you explain that? and by the way, in case you think the Secret Service has gotten there, the management at least took its head out of its ass. Here's what they're appalled about. Not that President Trump's head almost exploded like a watermelon on TV from a 2, 2, 3 round. They're appalled by DEI rhetoric against female agents after Trump rally shooting Folks, this is not against female agents, it's against female agents who were physically unprepared to protect the president.


Folks, Donald Trump is over six feet tall. How the hell are you going to be a human shield at five foot two? Can you explain that? Five foot two, six feet tall, five foot two, six feet tall. And let me ask you a pretty simple question. By the way, all this, all this stuff is in this book. Again, get it from the library. Steal it from your friend I don, don't steal it from your friend. Alright, borrowing. I don't give a shit. I don't want anybody's money. Look at all the cha, the chapters of this book, the Special Agent Mass, the evolving threats from the Big six, the threat of a tactical assault on the president, the threat of a medical emergency. Oh, look at this. Chapter seven, chapter seven, in protecting the President. Holy shit You. know what it says.


Justin, page 75, the growing threat to the President from the skies. Crazy. Maybe if they would've listened to me and cut the bullshit and stop the DEI, crap, maybe wouldn't have this problem. Explain to me also, which I also go into in this treatise on how to fix this mess. Why are there two sets of physical fitness standards for men and for women? President Trump is the same height and weight. He is a big guy. He's six foot plus. He's a stocky guy. He is not, he doesn't get lighter when female agents show up. So why are there different PT standards?


Please explain that to me without sounding like a total asshole. Oh look, December of 2013, a Washingtonian article. What it's like protecting the president. Former Secret service agent. Dan Bonino tells his town I don think we've been talking about this for table kids. Sorry, people. Nobody wants to listen to us. All the media wants to do is bullshit people all the time. Folks, here's a Fox Report. There is one thing about this. This is interesting here. The difficulty of the CS shot. When I say Cs, I'm talking about counters Sniper, a secret Service Counter Sniper team took out the shooter. Now he shouldn't know how to take out the shooter at all.


Period. Okay, it should. That guy should not have been on the roof. However, I want you to understand that this was a really difficult shot and that matters. That matters because if this guy missed the local CS guy, they did not hit him. They engaged. The Secret Service guy, took him out with one shot. If they missed, it's likely President Trump would be dead right now because the shooter had more rounds left and likely would've taken out those Secret Service agents around him and Donald Trump, who was taller than most of the agents who were trying to get him off the stage. This CS guy sadly had to save the day.


Again. They shouldn't have been up on the roof in the first place. I'm not absolving anyone of any responsibility, but this report, I, again, I told you this last week before this aired, the shot was extremely difficult and thank God it mitigated that threat. Here's a Fox reporter now with an animation. Check this out. Hi Ari. Good afternoon. A source familiar with the investigation tells me that, look, it took a single shot to kill the Woodby assassin Thomas Crooks, and that shot came from a secret service counter sniper that the source says it was. He described the shot as a one in a million type of shot. This the counter sniper could only see the top of the scope, his eye and forehead because the lip of the A GR building that crooks was on was obscuring that view.


We're also told a local police sniper took a single shot as well, but missed. Remember, this building was about 150 yards away from where P the former president was standing on that stage and it had a clear line of sight to the former president. Federal law enforcement sources tell Fox that while while Crooks snuck up on that roof, a Butler Township Emergency Services Unit sniper team was looking out of the windows of that same building watching for any suspicious activity. So how did Crooks get on that roof? Federal law enforcement sources tell Fox that it was initially thought he brought a ladder. However, no ladder was found on site and were now told the more likely scenario is that Crooks hid his father's AR 15 near an AC unit, and then he climbed onto that AC unit to get up onto the roof of the A GR building.


This as the Wall Street Journal is now reporting, the shooter was able to fly a drone above the rally site earlier that day. The predetermined flight path, the journal reports indicates that he flew the drone more than once to scope out the site. A federal law enforcement source tells Fox the Secret Service was not flying a drone over the rally that day. Senator Josh Hawley says, multiple whistleblowers with direct knowledge have come forward saying the rally was being treated as a loose security event. Three takeaways from that Fox clip. These are facts we now know. I told you, the local sniper, that's the third shooter there, you're seeing it from the Fox clip. They missed the Secret Service agent, a Secret Service uniform Division officer.


That's the this Counter Sniper unit. There were no agents in there. I wanna be clear. They're uniform division officers. It's a separate division of the Secret Service. It was a miraculous shot, and thank God he hit him. Or I'm telling you, president Trump would be dead right now because the shooter would've continued to engage. Third, they bring up the fact that there was no ladder. The ladder you're seeing in the pictures was put there afterwards. Enough on that, more in a minute.


But first, folks, you're having trouble sleeping or staying asleep. Listen, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. Poor sleep takes a real toll on your body, your physical, your emotional health. It does. There's hope on the horizon and it comes in the form of beam's. Dream powder stuff's been a game changer for me. See, when we're sleeping well, we can be sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws our way. Today my listeners get a special discount on Beam's Dream Powder, their science back talk cocoa for sleep with no added sugar, better sleep is never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of REI Magnesium, L-theanine, apogen, and melatonin to help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. You wanna try Beam's bestselling Dream Powder Beam's now offering Bonino listeners an exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you Go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at checkout. That's shop b eam.com/bonino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off la.


Next point, the shooter did pre-op surveillance with a freaking drone and the Secret Service had no eyes in the sky. Are you shitting me? What is this Romper room? What? Are you kidding me? Is this Sesame Street bullshit? I have another question right now. Members of Congress, are you listening? Staffers Get ready, take notes. Get your pens out. Where was the counter surveillance unit vulnerability assessment. It's a document. It'll be emailed, probably printed copies as well. There are units in the Secret Service Counter Surveillance units that counter surveillance.


Just like you have a counter sniper unit designed to take out snipers. There are specific people out there. I'm not gonna mention numbers or anything else who are out there to detect people surveilling the site. We now know the guy was out there an hour in advance. Where's the vulnerability assessment? The C. The CSU Countersurveillance Unit vulnerability assessment should have documented that rooftop as a vulnerability point. Is anyone in Congress gonna ask for that? I want four pieces of paperwork now. I want the site post assignment log. I want the Counter Sniper survey.


I want the Counter Assault Team survey. The SOD survey, special Operations Division, And I also want the CSU vulnerability assessment. You're gonna see in every one of those documents somehow that High Point was addressed but never addressed. I guarantee you people picked it out as a vulnerability, but they did nothing about it. Nobody posted it And. they effectively left an open vehicle for President Trump to get shot. I want you to watch a minute of this animation. If you're listening on Apple or Spotify, welcome. It's always good to have you here. Please watch us on Rumble at about the 45 minute mark. This is an animation. I think it's from a ad, the typical liberal or something like, is it?


Yeah, but this is a really kick ass animation. It goes on for about three minutes, but I'm not gonna play the whole thing. I'm gonna play the core part in about a minute to show you how many things were missed and how close we came to losing President Trump on the stage. This thing went viral. Check this out. This is the area we're gonna focus in on here. You can see the three victims that were injured by gunfire and where they were standing in the bleachers. We're going to turn around and demonstrate exactly where these bullets came from. This model represents Thomas Crooks. His position could be seen here in this image, which illustrates exactly where he was turning around. We can see the path of all the bullets that were fired from this location.


I placed a 10 foot red disc down range to represent what an average shooter could hit easily. Now let's take a look at this first shot fired coming from our key location. Bullet one. Greet is President Trump's ear. This is the same bullet that hits a spectator in the stands. We know this through video evidence. As President Trump is talking, the first shot rings out just after he says, take a look at what happened. See something that said, take a look at what happened. We can see the vapor trail of a bullet strike, which is the same bull that struck President Trump's ear. A split second earlier, and this video is this location here back at the podium. President Trump is shot and grabbed his ear falling to the ground as more shots rang out.


In total, there were seven or eight shots. So let's rewind and watch this at regular speed. Take a look at what happened. What doing, doing And animation is horrifying. Folks, the Secret Service director must resign today, the Secret Service Director. I want you to listen to me please to all the people that clip my videos and send them around acts. I appreciate everything you do for our content. You know who you are. Thank you very much. The Secret Service Director is going to get someone else hurt.


She's clearly incompetent. She does not have the skillset to lead a complicated agency. Protection is getting very difficult in the area of drone technology, protective methodology. It is getting very difficult. If they had a manpower problem, they should have spoken out in advance. This is really, really bad. I am deathly afraid that Donald Trump or any other Protectee, Joe Biden or anyone else, we don't let our people get killed here. This isn't the third world. Okay? Someone is going to get hurt. I don't know any other way to say this. This woman is absolutely incompetent. She has no skillset to run this agency whatsoever.


The Dan Bongino Show. If you'd like to hear more, subscribe to the Dan Bongino Show wherever you get your podcast.