
With some reports of Harris proposing massive tax hikes, you might be thinking it's time to make more of your savings. Tax sheltered and inflation sheltered. This is where the good people at Birch Gold Group are here to help you. Birch Gold will assist you in converting an existing IRA of 401k into an IRA in gold. And the best news, you don't pay a penny out of pocket. Just text the word Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and get a free info kit on gold text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply Dan Bonino.


Welcome to the Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino. So Kamala Harris was gonna start quickly because there's really not a lot to digest other than the key takeaway people who don't understand politics and that's a lot of folks and it's I, I get it. It's not their job to understand politics. Their job is to fly a plane, fix an HVAC system. I understand my job is to understand politics. If I have a useless job, people out there have real jobs. There's a useless job, which is hopefully useful for motivating people to vote. But, I, I don't produce stuff with my hands. What real people do add in value. Okay, I get paid to break this stuff down. I'm telling you, snapshots and soundbites are all that matters.


Most of America is working and busy. If they are not persuadable, they're gonna see a 15 second soundbite and maybe a picture of Kamala Harris and both of them suck. Here's what I mean. Here she is. Last night she did her first inter, I don't even wanna call it an interview, she did an interview with an obviously friendly opinion host who pretends to be a reporter who just got done saying Kamala Harris shouldn't have to say anything on the Bill Marsh Show that Trump is awful and Kamala doesn't have to say anything. We played the cut. Her name is Stephanie Rule from M-S-N-B-C. Is that why Kamala went there? Probably. So this is a perfect example of The, Kamala Vacuum. She's asked a very serious question about the economy and I want you to listen to the answer how it's nothing but ridiculous.


Focus group tested talking points that mean absolutely nothing. There was even a shred of follow up. She would've collapsed. Watch this, Expanding that child tax credit. Or you mentioned housing before, giving that extra money for a first home. If you can't raise corporate taxes or if GOP takes control of the Senate, where do you get the money to do that? Do you still go forward with those plans and borrow Well, but we're gonna have to raise corporate taxes and we're gonna have to raise, we're gonna have to make sure that the biggest corporations and billionaires pay their fair share. That's just it. It's about paying their fair share


More in a minute. But first, it's important to Get some sleep. Helix Helix. Getting a good night's sleep is really important to your overall wellness. I sleep on a Helix mattress. I get my second one. I've finally replaced the old one. I've had it for a long time in the new house. Absolutely love it. Love my Helix mattress. I'm sleeping and feeling better every day. It's hard to get out in the morning. That's the only problem. The Helix lineup offers 20 unique mattresses, including their award-winning lux and ultra premium elite collections. The Helix Plus is a mattress designed for big and tall sleepers and the Helix Kids mattress designed for growing bodies. Take the Helix sleep quiz and find your perfect mattress in under two minutes. And your personalized mattress is shipped straight to your door. Free of charge. Helix offers a 100 night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty to try out your new Helix mattress. Every Helix mattress has a hybrid design combining individually wrapped steel coils in the base with premium foam layers on top. It's a perfect combination of comfort and support. Even better. The setup's fast and really easy. Helix is offering 25% off all mattress orders and two free pillows for our listeners. So go to Helix sleep.com/dan, that's H-E-L-I-X Helix sleep.com/dancer. Best offer yet and won't last long with Helix. Better sleep starts tonight. Pick one up folks.


This woman is so empty, vapid, and absolutely full of shit. It's stunning that even the M-S-N-B-C host lets us go. What is the obvious follow up to that question? Anybody know? You and the chat know you're listening on Apple, Spotify. you know the answer. What's the freaking fair share? This is all Democrats say. What is the fair share Now for those listening at home, this is a pop quiz. Why do you think Kamala Harris will never, ever, ever listen to me, ever give a number on what successful people's fair share is? Why do you think anyone know any of you guys know?


Because if she gives the number like Al Sharpton did in that dreadful interview with Johns Staa, we used to play all the time on the show. Do we? If you find, yeah, if you can find it, that's probably should have put it in. Jim, put this in the radio show. This is what happens when you actually give a number. The rich, the successful, the people who work already pay the overwhelming amount of taxes in the United States. So this loser candidate, the worst candidate we have seen, and even worse than Biden, Kamala Harris, despite all of the media fluff, she is still collapsing in the polls. This woman sucks so bad she couldn't even be vice president.


A job where she has nothing to do but show up and wait for something to happen to the president. That's it. She couldn't even do that. I'm gonna play this for you in a second. Ladies and gentlemen, right now, the wealthiest 1% of taxpayers pay about 40% of the income tax load. One out of every a hundred people pays 40 cents of every dollar in income taxes. What the, is the fair share of debt in it? That's why this dip wad loser will never give you a number. She's a vacuum. And who plays corporate taxes? Corporations. Where do they get their money from? Liberal morons.


Liberal limb ils. Where do corporations get their money? Answer the question. Stop being dumb asses. Answer the freaking question you morons. Where do corporations get their their money? Oh, consumers, not consumers. Yeah, you dipshits corporations don't pay taxes. Corporations just passed the cost onto customers. Why are you liberal so stupid? He's dumb ass. Al Sharpton who made the mistake of actually answering this question because he was too stupid. He answers the question. Watch John Stossel make an absolute per performing at him.


This is one of my favorite clips of all time up there with Uri bezel. Enough, I can't play this enough. Watch this. Not Pay their share. That's a widespread belief. But to the politicians even know how much of the income tax burden the rich pay. Now The top 1% in this country pays very much less than 10%, very much less than 5%. So what's fair? The top 1% should pay 10% of America's income taxes. 20%. They should pay somewhere around 15%. They don't pay 5%. Anybody could see that as unequal and unfair. So they should pay 15%, he says. And the richest 1% now pay less than 10%, then he said less than 5%.


But that's so silly because, and I bet most of you don't know this, the IRS says that Rick, just 1% of taxpayers already pay 34% twice what Sharpton wanted them to pay. The reverend barely reacted when I told him they're already paying 34%. No, I think that if you deal with the quality of their lives, He quickly changed the subject. He never would admit how far off he was. Folks, do you see why I wake up every morning and I absolutely cannot stand liberals? Everything they tell you is bullshit. Everything you ask a strong conservative, a simple question on taxes, who knows what they're talking about?


They will give you a coherent answer. You wanna ask me? Hey, hey Dan, what should the corporate tax rate be? I think it should be flat across the board. Corporate tax gains income tax should all be flat. Wow, that was hard. No it wasn't because I'm not as stupid as Kamala Harris. Well Dan, what do you base that on? Well, very simply, I base it on Hauser Law. You can look it up yourself. H-A-U-S-E-R Hauser Law shows that over time a healthy economy will generally only be willing to tolerate about 17 to 20% of its GDP and tax revenue. Pretty simple equation. So if that's all it's willing to tolerate, I wanna basically venture towards the low end, maybe 15, 17, see where we go and generate a flat tax across the board so people don't move money around.


You see how easy it is to answer questions when you're not a dumb ass liberal Liberals, why are you so stupid? The answer is 'cause you choose to be stupid and you follow a candidate who says dumb things. How about people to pay their fair share? Stephanie Rule, who was the worst interviewer I have ever seen? She just had to ask one simple question, which no liberal opinion host like her. She's not a reporter, she's not a serious person. Stephanie Rule should have said, you are gonna be the president of the United States potentially. What is the fair share and how did you come up with that number? When is someone gonna ask the mother in question when anyone is this a lot to ask?


Sorry, I didn't even plan on spending that much time on this 'cause I wanted to get to this January 6th thing and we will, I promise it's coming up next. But again, we've got an election going on right now. It's not coming early. Voting's already started the election's here right now. Or people waving signs out in my neighborhood. Here's one more clip. This is peak Kamala Harris right here. The this is, this is a genuinely low IQ person. Sometimes we call people stupid 'cause we're pissed off. This is a seriously low intelligence quotient person. She has no aptitude at all and she has an awful social iq, cackling, dopey stuff. This is her answer. She cannot, she has no ability to articulate a vision.


So what she does is she gets lost in buzzwords. So someone must have said to her the world ho word holistically. And she was like, is that an SAT word? Watch her repeat it I think three times in 15 seconds. 'cause she can't think of anything else to say. This is your candidate. Check this out. Assistance To state and local governments around transit dollars and looking holistically at the connection between that and housing and looking holistically at the incentives we in the federal government can create for local and state governments to actually engage in planning in a holistic manner that includes prioritizing affordable housing. Folks, this woman is a moron and I'm sorry to all like the, the, the, the, the mainstream swampy Republicans.


Don't call her a mor. She's a moron. And everybody needs to see it. She is. And you listen. You cannot, here's the difference. You can knock Trump all you want and say, well, I don't like his VI vocabulary and the use words he uses. Fine I can point to you a litany of business successes and some failures here and there, but at least experiences that would lead me to believe that this guy's got experience leading major corporations and leading the country. I can also point to point to a four year record Conservative justices. The Abraham Accords, the tax cuts GDP growth. I can point to some failures, the covid stuff as well. But I can point to someone with a body of experience I can use as a metric.


This moron can't do anything. She can't speak, she can't deal with a group of people. She can't even fake an accent. She's had like a hundred different accents now she goes from a Spanish accent to faking other accents. The woman is just a fraud. She is a total phony. How can you vote for this woman? This woman should seriously lose 47 states and I don't even know what the three are. California, Illinois, Hawaii. That's it. This is, this case is just an awful candidate. I can holistically view the holistic ations of the holistic. What are you talking about?


A Venn diagram of vocabulary words you don't understand. And I may get on the school bus with the Venn diagram and holistically evaluate the electric vehicle mandated and how it affects the Venn diagram School bus. The woman is an idiot. She's going to destroy your life and your business. And she has a project 2025 too. Taking your money, taking your kids late term abortion, taking away your guns, raiding your house, stealing your healthcare plan. It's right in front of you. Just listen to her own words. The Dan Bongino Show. If you'd like to hear more, subscribe to the Dan Bongino Show, wherever you get your podcast.