
Have you seen the news from some economists forecasting of depression by the year 2030? Some are even forecasting that Social security and Medicare are headed to hit a breaking point. Our national debt and cost of living continue to rise. We can have a big problem, help protect your family's future with gold. From Birch Gold held in a tax deferred, IRA. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Get your free copy, the Ultimate Guide for Gold in the Trump era with a forward by Donald Trump Jr. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Message and data rates supply.


Dan Bonino. Welcome to The Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino. You ever wonder this? This is the easiest poll ever. I tell Bino, but I don't even wanna waste your time on this one. You ever wonder how these freaking politicians get so rich? They have no life skills. They're only life skills, or they have connections to other politicians or their daddy, or mommy was a politician. They don't really know anything. They add no value. They didn't invent like some big smart, super ridiculous AI tech company or send like a rocket into space, and yet they're really rich. There's this doja count that put this out. Nancy Pelosi annual salary, 223,000 net worth. 200, 2 million.


I'm always a little skeptical, these net worth figures because the ones about mine online are really off. And it's so easy to figure out if you just go to like the publicly traded companies. However, I think we could both agree she's worth a lot of money. Mitch McConnell says his annual salary, 200 net worth 95 million. Chuck Schumer, 75 million, Elizabeth Warren, 67 million folks, divide these numbers by 10. Say they're not, just pretend for a second, they're not even accurate. Say Pelosi's worth 20 million and McConnell's worth 9.5. And Elizabeth Warren, 6.7, where the hell did they get this money?


Folks? Pelosi just worked for a thousand years. Yeah, That's actually not a bad point. I mean, I just watched Nosferatu. That's should I, should we? He's like, this is, you know, we may have to, the, Michael says, if you do the math, he's a math major. Maybe she worked a thousand years. Maybe. Maybe. I don't know. I mean, United States isn't that old, but whatevs, who knows? It reminds me of interview with a vampire. Like, let's now want some more. Remember that? Who knows what she was up to? But I'm gonna tell you how this works. You ready? Some of you may have heard this segment before in a prior podcast, but if you haven't, you're making a big mistake if you don't listen again, because I want you to tattoo this on your brain. Okay? I was running for office while ago.


This guy, Chuck Ecker, was the Howard County executive on running of Maryland. And then we got in this conversation about how people in government get rich and why government just continues to grow despite the fact that everybody sane person hates big government. And he said, Dan, you gotta understand Buddy, there is no power in, yes, there is only power in government bureaucrats telling people no. And I said, I, I mean, I got what he was saying, but I said explain. I said, I want you to think about it. You are whatever. Say throw something, simply go out there. You're a building inspector in a place I'm, you know, my dad was once. I'm not knocking him. But if you have a tendency to corruption, there's no power in you approving everybody's building permits.


If you're corrupt, you wanna say no a lot so that people have to slip you some money under the table to figure it out. Right? There is no power in. Yes Ladies and gentlemen, there's only power in No. That's why government likes to expand regulations and rules because it's more rules. You have to obey that they have to. They, when you go to them, you are gonna have to ask them, am I following the rules by building this building? You get the point. There is no power in. Yes, there's only power in No. And that's how these people get rich. They lobby you to yes. Remember that line? There is a lot of money in lobbying you to yes.


That's why dumb people get really rich more in a minute. But first,


hey, one of my favorite traditions is choosing New Year's resolutions. We all get the opportunity. Start the year fresh set goals, tackle new challenges this new year. I encourage you to learn something new with Hillsdale College and more than 40 free online courses. More than 40 40 free online courses. Learn about the works of CS Lewis stories and Genesis, the meaning of the US Constitution, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, or the history of the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale colleges free online courses. They're really incredible. I've been enjoying lately American heritage. It examines the history of America from the colonial era to the present, including the major challenges to the founder's principles and great controversies in America's history, including the current crisis of progressivism. They, they have centered around the meaning of those basic foundational principles. These courses are self-paced. You can start whenever and wherever you like. So go today to hillsdale.edu/dan and enroll. There's no cost. It's easy to get started and you'll get smarter by the day. You'll become a better debater too. That's hillsdale.edu/dan to enroll for free. hillsdale.edu/dan courses are great. Check 'em out. The Roman Republic one's fantastic too.


Here, I want you to play this clip with Elizabeth Warren Pocahontas, who's lied about everything to get ahead. A woman with no life skills other than making powwow chow. I want you to listen to this segment about banks where she throws out a completely ridiculous, absurd obscene charge that banks under the last three weeks of Donald Trump are now free to scam people. I'm gonna play the response in a second, but this is the left. In a post-truth world, just fabricating charges to scare banks out there because they want to be paid off to get to, yes. Check this out. By forcing the CFPB not to do its job, president Trump, Elon Musk and the author of Project 2025, Russ Vote or Giving Wall Street Banks an unlimited get outta jail free card so they can cheat working families even while community banks continue to play by the rules.


You know, for any Americans who have money deposited at JP Morgan or Wells Fargo or any other of the giant banks, they should now know that there is no one on the job to make sure that those banks are not scamming you. Here's the response from Senator Mike Rounds where he has a really simple question of Jerome Powell. Jerome Powell's running our Fed. I don't think he's doing a particularly good job, but they of course oversee the banking system in some respect. He's like, so this senator who's living in a post-truth liberal Adam Schiff, Eric Swalwell type world, is suggesting that banks are now free to scam people.


That's a serious charge. I mean, she is a US senator, correct? Is there any actual evidence to back that up? And by the way, Powell's not even a Trump guy. I want you to listen to the answer because she just made it up, dude. Like everything else, the liberals do check this out. Suggestion that the ranking member has made here is that the big banks can now scam individuals right now, any change in the laws regarding how they're supposed to be treating the individual consumers out there or anything along that line, Law changes. No, I'm not aware of any Law changes. Any changes, any rules that they would have to follow? Not that I'm aware Of. Are they still audited and do they still have the regulators in watching all of their businesses just as they did before?


Well, they, they'd have all the regulators except for the CF pb. Very good if, if in fact, in the hypothetical the CFPB weren't carrying that out. All right, just, I want you to digest what I told you yesterday and the podcast and the radio show, you are qualitatively better than them. The quality of your material on social media and elsewhere. This vast MAGA army, Bonino army, the conservative crew, the tea party, you are better than them. They lie about everything all the time because that's all they have. And then when they don't lie, what they do is they engage in emotional meltdowns by the Idiocracy.


Listen, we have dumb asses on our side too. Okay, I get it. Get it. Got it. Good. We, we do, we have some people in the Republican party screw up all the time. I can mention names, but I prefer not to engage in Republican on republican political violence right now. 'cause there's so much stupidity on the Democrat side. Here's what I'm talking about. Here's Jasmine Crockett, who is and Jim's dumbest member of Congress a March sadness thing. It's coming out soon, but Jasmine Crockett's probably gonna get a number one seed. She has rapidly moved up the ranks. I want you to listen to what she says. Put aside, I know you're gonna laugh in advance 'cause it's, but pretend this is a serious person for a second. She's making the case here or attempting to that we should not have people with a tech background go in and analyze the government's technology because like why, like the government that's probably using smartware from 1980 is better at tech stuff than the actual tech companies.


This, this is the hill you wanna die on. The answer is yes here, check this out. If you are trying to conduct audits and figure out where the waste, fraud and abuse is, I don't know why you would go to some tech guy. In fact, it was only techies that were sitting there at inauguration. We didn't have auditors. I, I would welcome auditors to come in and do forensic audits. In fact, he sat there in the Oval Office yesterday and he admitted that he was lying and he was using his propaganda machine to do it. When he said that we sent millions of dollars to Gaza for condoms, that was a lie. So let me tell you something. The gentle lady's elected Time has expired. Time for the gentle lady's. Time has expired. The brain in this rogue actor known the gentle lady's time has expired.


So you don't want technology people to come in and actually observe the technology used to pay out $7 trillion of government spending. You guys work here, right? When, when we brought, we brought Jasmine, not Jasmine Crockett, we have a Jasmine, she's actually smart. One of the first things I asked her to do, do you guys remember what with the inventory thing folks, we have like seriously, like four or five people that work here. That's it. We're not, we're not spending $7 trillion Bonino Inc. We said, Hey, we have a lot of equipment for road shows and we, we, some of this stuff was missing. Can we get an inventory system? And you know what we did? We're gonna use like technology. This is a $7 trillion government and this diff wad wants to make the case that we can't have tech people analyze the tech.


I will never forget my first few days being an agent, I had left the NYPD, which had its own technology problem. Of course, you know, government and we had these things called TNAs time and attendance records. TNA can mean a lot of this is not an Eric Swalwell segment. There was time and attendance. We had these TNA things, you'd fill them out and we would punch them in this computer on this program called Smartware or something. And I went home to Paula, who was my girlfriend at the time, and she was a database developer. And I said, do you know what smartware is? She's like, isn't that from like the seventies or something? I go, yeah, we use it in the secret search. She laughed. She couldn't believe it. She was like, why? I'm like, because it's the government.


That's why. But Jasmine Crockett does not want actual tech people going in there. Why Put up that thing again about the net worth? Because folks, there are a lot of really stupid people getting really rich off government payouts, the gravy train, the influence operation. And the reason they don't want you picking up the rock and saying, Hey man, let me look under this and see what's living under there is because they know when you see that the government bookkeeper is corrupted in stealing money, that you're never gonna trust the bookkeeper again. Listen, I I I, I gotta make this point again today because it's really important. I've been getting a lot of questions on Rumble and Facebook and Twitter and elsewhere.


A lot of people have been asking me this. The essence of the questions is, Dan, if if they're, if you follow the money and a lot of these politicians are getting really rich off government, shady, fraudulent, maybe criminal payouts, then I don't understand why they wouldn't actually like the Doge, because the Doge would clean up fraud and it would be eventually when they get back in power, more money for them, right? Like if you're a criminal and you have mob bosses fight all the time, it's not that they're objecting to mob behavior, they're the mob too. It's like they don't want the mob taking their money.


Fair question. Correct. Why would government people getting rich off government not want at least some fraud being detected so that it's more money for them? And the reason is what I just told you. Once people see possibly for the first time with this dynamic duo, like the wild Samoans from the old WWF of Trump and Elon, how bad the government has been spending your money, what do you think's gonna happen with social security recipients who were told in 10 years, Hey, we can't afford to pay you your full payout anymore.


You get it now. You see what's going on. You got people on social security their entire life who busted their ass? Listen folks, the program was designed poorly. Put that aside a second. The program was designed poorly. But you have people who busted their ass their entire lives. You got a guy who worked in a coal mine for 30 years, probably got black lung, he finally retires. Maybe he enjoys five years of retirement, maybe sees it, goes on a vacation once in a while, busted his ass. He paid into this crap broken system forever and all the money's gone.


They're going broke in 10 years. Don't, don't take it for me. Read this Social Security Actuary's own report. You see why they're so afraid now of turning the rock over? There will be a freaking revolt in this country of seniors and Medicare recipients when they find out that trillions of dollars over decades were wasted on fraud, scumbags schemes, mob tactics, and all this other crap. So they'd rather just make the whole thing go away. Don't ever forget folks, there's this, it's the same. Sorry, I know I got a lot to get to, but I love this government stuff like cracking the whole government code for you.


There's a reason the adage in DC a program for the poor is a pro poor program is real too. Why do, why do people who are really rich, why do they need social security? I'm talking about really rich folks. I'm not talking about people who even make a millionaire. I'm talking about people who make like 10 millionaire. You ever do you ever wonder that you don't need it? It's like a you, it's it's, you leave that as a tip in a restaurant. Why do even liberals think about this? I'm gonna give you a second. Some of you in the chat may have heard this before. You may know this. Why do liberals themselves even fight for the fact that rich people should get social security? The reason is a program for the poor is a poor program.


Why? Because they know rich people. You ever hear this, Michael? They know rich people have a lot of influence in Congress and they know that they will fight to keep the program alive as long as they get to dip into the pot too. They don't give a shit if the program goes bankrupt. All they care about is that they control the money.


So that was a clip from The Dan Bongino Show. You can watch the full show on Rumble. All you have to do is go to rumble.com/bonino, where we go live every weekday at 11:00 AM Eastern time. Hope to see you there.