
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan. Bonino folks, I'm really, really trying. I'm really desperately trying to, to temper my excitement because you know, it's, I know you wanna throw up hearing it again, but I don't wanna get into any kind of red wave talk or anything like that. 'cause there's no good purpose. I know you've heard it a thousand times, but it's important. You have to be redundant about these things just to remind people that nothing is even close to over. But, but I'm not an idiot either. I was out this weekend, like out, out. For those of you who don't know me particularly well personally, maybe from the show I don't get out much.


Justin. Can you vouch? Like, I just don't like, I'm usually working all week. It's, you know, it's I don. It's just, it's just what it is. You know. I like my job, whatever. But I was out this weekend a lot. I was out at the Stewart Sandbar, ran into a lot of people. I gave one guy my shirt after having a couple too many adult sodas. I actually gave him like my actual shirt. Not like the like, oh yeah, I gave him the shirt off my back. No, I gave him my actual shirt. so I got an Uber on the way home for obvious reasons. And the guy's like, Hey man, you got a shirt? I'm like, actually I don't. Actually, I don't. Luckily it was right down the block. so I gave him a $200 tip. 'cause I felt real for driving like seriously a half a mile. 'cause I felt so bad.


But I gave him my, I'm voting for the Outlaw shirt, and I'm telling you, I was out there this weekend at the Sandbar with a whole lot of people in a 50 50 county where I live, 50 50 Democrats and Republicans. That's what it is. Martin County, Florida, close to it. And I cannot tell you how many people came up and were like, dude, I brought like 20 people to the polls. Man. The excitement is real, man. I'm telling you, you got skin in the game right now. There's no way you want to. Kamala Harris don't get too crazy counting the chickens. No, no, no. But man, I feel good about things, by the way. Big win for Auburn this weekend.


War damn Eagle fellas, thank you for a great effort. Jaquez 287 yards rushing. We love you Auburn. Good job bringing it back home. Alright, big show for you today


by is non-lethal Pistol launcher with tear gas and kinetic ammo. He could ate an attacker for up to 40 minutes. I have one that's bya b yna.com/dan for a 10% discount.


Big show. I'm gonna show you the snapshots and the soundbites for this weekend, and I'm gonna put this out to you. Who would you rather be after this weekend? Would you rather be Donald Trump, or would you rather be comrade Kamala? I think we all know the answer.


Hey, many Americans are tired and frustrated by a stolen economy, inflation, endless wars, and the relentless assault on our values. Thankfully, as companies like Patriot Mobile that still believe in America and our rights, I'm proud to partner with Patriot Mobile 'cause they're on the front lines fighting for our rights, the sanctity of life. And our military First responder heroes take a stand for conservative causes. Put America First Switch to Patriot Mobile today. You'll get the same nationwide coverage as the big providers because Patriot Mobile operates across all three major networks. Plus they back their service with a coverage guarantee. Their 100% US based customer service team will find the best plan for your needs. Keep your number, keep your phone, or upgrade. So go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Do it now. Get a free month when you sign up and use the offer code. Dan, don't be fooled by his other providers pretending to share our values, have the same coverage. They don't and they can't join me. And switch to America's only Christian conservative, mobile provider, Patriot Mobile. Go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month of service today.


All right, fellas, let's go. Hey, a quick note. Thank you for everybody you tuned in to Friday's debate with Jen Huga from the Young Turks. Folks, listen, I know some of you didn't expect that. I, you know, I, I'm a pretty passionate guy, but if I invite someone on my show to debate and they agree to it, and you know, they're rather courteous with their time, I'm not a liberal dickhead, okay? I'm gonna make sure that it's a respectful debate where they're allowed to speak. I think it's rude. I hope you guys enjoyed it. The audience for a Friday was a little down, but the funny thing was, the video on demand numbers were amazing. So I don't know if people were watching other things, but I'm glad you guys liked it. Appreciate all the positive feedback. Not sure if we'll be doing it again, maybe, maybe even more on the radio, but I liked it.


Thank you all for tuning in. Let's get to the show, folks. It's getting away from them. It is, it is. Again, no chicken counting. Forget that bullshit. don don't wanna hear anything. I'm just saying. It is getting away from them. There is no serious observer of politics, Democrat or Republican, who right now is not saying to yourself, man, this does not look good for them. Can they pull it out? Can they cheat? Can Democrats show up in a blue wave on election day? Yeah, but now the, the, the strange thing that's happening now is in contrast to 2016 or 2020, where I think the media still had a foothold in the American psyche. The raccoon media and the Nazi fascist bullshit they put out there, which is insulting and disgusting and freaking gross, I think in 2016 and 2020 when they still had a little bit of power that scared people off.


Do you in the chatter agreee? Seriously? I I'm not saying you, you guys all had balls and you were early movers on the MAGA movement. I, get that. I'm not talking about you obviously, but there were, what are you, like the normies out there, I guess you'd call 'em, right? They were still kind of like, man, I can't wear my red hat in the supermarket. Whatever folks. That shit's all gone. Did you see this? That happened last night on Sunday night Football at the end of the 49 er, 49 ERs San Francisco, 49 ERs and the Dallas Cowboy game. You see Nick Bosa show up in the interview with a MAGA hat on at the folks. It's gone mainstream. Now look at this. Check this out. Watch, watch, watch there. Nick Bosa di No, you know, what did I send you guys?


There was a, I don't think I did. There was the, was it Texas Tech? The punter on a fake punt. I thought it. He got, he comes, yeah, the Texas Tech guy. He's got this Trump 20, 24 folks. It's gone totally mainstream. The mainstream media is sitting there and they're like, Nazi, fascist, racist, racist, fascist. N then they mix it up. Fascist, racist, Nazi. Nobody's listening. Nobody's listening. Even Axios had this piece talking about how the mainstream media is dying. I, I got a tweet coming up from David Sachs later in the show. Hopefully I get to it. Big tech investor saying we're probably four or five years away from the media being totally irrelevant and ignored in a mainstream media press cycle.


Everything's gone mainstream. No, there it is. Look, Trump 2024. This was after a fake field goal attempt, a Texas tech kicker or something, or punter, whatever it was. but it is Trump 24. It's gone totally mainstream. Now, the snapshots in the soundbites from this weekend were insane. You had mainstream media people on M-S-N-B-C crying, bitching, moaning, griping. There's a Nazi, okay? Sad and pathetic. Nobody's watching him. And you had a collective, you know, 20, 30 million people across all platforms watching what was effectively another RNC at Madison Square Garden. I'd never seen anything like it.


Here's some of the images from the Trump rally. Madison Square Garden folks in the middle of deep blue, New York. My original home state. I never thought I'd see anything like this. The last time I was at Madison Square Garden, I think I was watching a video thing of some WWF before they were WWE. And look, the Huster was back again. Check this one out. Trump Maniacs. The energy in here is something like, I've never felt The energy of all these Trump maniacs is the most powerful force in the universe. And today, this is Donald Trump's house, brother, Who do you wanna be?


Man? Who do you wanna be? You wanna be tampon Tim? Playing video games with a OC I mean actually in the literal sense, playing video games with a OC on Twitch. Nothing wrong. I love video games. I love video games. Gamers out there. You've been great to Rumble it elsewhere. I'm just saying like, I think the gamers themselves would acknowledge that if you were a gamer running for president, you wouldn't be playing games. You'd be running for president, you'd be doing rallies and stuff. You got Tim Walls playing, playing a video game football with a OC while Trump selling out Madison Square Garden. Madison Square Garden in the heart of deep blue New York with an overflow crowd outside. My secret Service friends told me he probably could have filled up Madison Square Garden again.


Then this happened yesterday. Again, you wanna be Trump or do you wanna be Kamala Harris? You want the Huster or do you want Kamala Harris and Tampon? Tim, here's Elon Musk, who's who was a surprise guest. I gotta tell you folks, I got a pretty good context in the Trump team. I didn't even know this was going down. Elon Musk made an appearance in Madison Square Garden and came out in a surprise appearance to just an unbelievable round of applause after being one of the main figures saving free speech in America. You gotta watch this. It's snapshots and soundbites kids. And there was no better snapshot of the weekend than this one. Check this out, ladies And gentlemen. Give it up For the greatest Capitalist in the history of the United States of America.


Elon Musk Folks. The rally was, it was amazing. It was amazing. Don't get distracted. Oh, comedian made a joke. That's a lefty distraction mechanism that the left the for. Oh it, it's insane that now the speech police on the left that have spent the entire week in impunity, the integrity of MAGA supporters calling them Nazis, murderers, racism, that now all of a sudden they're concerned about a comedian show. Look at this. Look at some of the screenshots from the left. Trump's MSG rally comes 85 years after a Nazi Rally.


These people, holy shit, the you need, Can you imagine like, oh my God, I know we need it. I'm sorry. FBI get on the case. There is a group of Nazis, they're a threat to American security, the equivalent of World War ii. They are all coalescing and Madison Square Garden. I want fingerprints, DNA and names of all attendees. VA's back again. VA's. Hey everyone. What they want? Everybody in a lineup, Daisy chained out of there. These people are freaking nuts.


They are crazy. They're crazy people, folks. They are absolute lunatics. You understand? They have nothing else You are you seriously telling me that anyone who appears in Madison Square Garden from Pit Bull to Bill Clinton to Donald Trump, that you should be compared to the Nazis? Because 85 years ago at a rally, do you know how desperate you have to be? Man? Do you have any idea? Now this is where I get worried. Serious time. By the way, you joining us election night chat, do your thing. Who's joining us? Election night, seven 30 PM's. The only place to be. Forget cable news. Forget everything else.


7:30 PM You got me. You've got Avita, Julie Kelly, Mike Bends, Adam Gillette, Savannah Hernandez. You got a stacked lineup and we will be auctioning off. Gee, we got anything for this auction yet? We gotta work on this. The Donald Trump signed baseball from the podcast. All proceeds and I mean all. We'll be going to Samaritan's Purse. So if you wanna bid on that baseball, we will show you the check and the receipt. So yes, election night, bust that chat up. Yes, you are all gonna be here. We're gonna be kicking ass and taking names on election night. I gotta tell you, I'm not feeling great. I'm feeling good. But go and vote early.


I put out the gee, you're the Star Wars expert. What's the actor's name? Who plays Kylo Ren? Adam, driver. Adam. Of course he knows that Adam Driver. You know, you know the more Giffy, more, more, more early voting, more. Can you get a screenshot of that Giffy? The more, more show up early in person. More, more. Bring it folks. Bring it, bring it every day. Vote early. 10 people more. More. Make them freak out so much. They panic. They're gonna try to make water mains break. There's gonna be some cyber attack.


It doesn't matter. It's only gonna affect them here it is. Poor. More every day, more early in person. This was just for, gee, I did that. I just want you to know that because Gee is the resident Star Wars expert on this show. By the way, that may be the greatest gift of all time. Wouldn't you agree? Come on. I wasn't even a huge fan of the remakes and stuff, but that's a pretty cool giffy war. Every day, every day. If we go ahead, if we go ahead in early voting and something happens on election day, the Democrats are screwed. Not us. You understand my logic? You boys not crazy. And I'm telling you right now, if we win and we win by a handy margin, if you're gonna remember what I told you, you're messing their plans up.


Having said that, I'm a little concerned about something I've been warning you about folks, a lot of good connected people. Nothing to panic about, but it's definitely something to be concerned about. If we pull this off on election night or the day after, whenever they call it, November 5th, November 6th, I am reasonably convinced November to January is gonna be the most chaotic period we've seen in American history. They've got their street dogs ready to go. They're gonna do everything they can from stop us from to stop us from swearing in the Donald Trump and the MAGA movement. It's not gonna happen. We are gonna swear in, we're gonna follow the legal process. But the Democrats are already getting ready to tie this thing up.


Wall Street Journal this weekend. Democrats ready thousands of lawyers for final days of the race. Here is their plan. I want you to listen to me. Listen close. Everybody paying attention is super important. Their plan is to never concede no matter what. That's why you've gotta make this thing a route, folks. You've gotta pressure them to concede. I was talking to a, a Republican, you all know, very popular guy this weekend called me on Saturday. He knows who he is. Good dude. And we were talking about how when this thing if, if we can make it mathematically impossible for them to win, in other words, trump's ahead by whatever, 10,000 votes, there's only 2000 outstanding to count. We should count every vote. But at that point, every vote doesn't matter. It matters for you voting.


but it doesn't matter the outcome. If we're up 10,000 and there's only 2000 votes left, even if Biden, excuse me, Harris won every one, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. We've gotta make it a math problem for them because their plan now is if it's even remotely close and she's down a couple points and it looks impossible, they are not gonna concede and are gonna sue, Sue, Sue. And we've gotta make this a mathematical laughable possibility that these guys are still holding out, kind of like we did with Stacey Abrams. We have to look at these numbers man. Here's Eric Daughtry an account I've really been enjoying. Eric l do D-A-U-G-H.


Good follow for election numbers. He's being sarcastic here. He says, well folks, it was fun while it last in Florida, it in-person, Democrat surge finally came. Sadly, he's being sarcastic. The in-person, early voting margin for Republicans plummeted. He notes yesterday it was R plus 27, now it's r plus 26.5 folks. Justin, you're of South Florida resident Miami Dade pretty blue, right? Usually yes, usually is, right? Usually, usually not unless Donald Trump's on the ballot. Or, or or DeSantis. Second term, Miami-Dade Republicans are kicking ass in early voting folks.


It's not just Miami-Dade. Look at Nevada. Nevada state that's gone blue for a long time. Look at this. This is just from the other day. Republicans are up 30,944 more, more, more. Put that GFI in the chat, more, pile it on, pile it on, make them panic on election day. Make them panic and get sloppy. 'cause I'm telling you, if they're gonna cheat, they're gonna cheat anyway. You better make it sloppy so that we can figure it out. Don't make it close. Make it impossible.


Make it impossible. Make it a mathematical impossibility. Now back to my point, they are not gonna concede folks. They are not gonna concede. And every freaking Democrat lawyer in the country is gonna sue over every vote. If you make it a mathematical impossibility. 2000 outstanding votes were up by 10. This thing becomes a fade of complete. It doesn't matter at that point, this is what we have to do. Swamp it early and in person. I don't care what anybody's telling you, whoever's telling you otherwise is lying. Donald Trump at the Madison Square Garden rally on the, on the screen up top in the center above the court.


What did it say? You see it said vote early. You think he's crazy? Get out there because they're gonna go nuts. I want you to watch this segment here. Here's me Kelly, very smart Megan Kelly. I, I've known Megan A. Long time, always been very nice to me. She's on Bill Mar show. Bill Maher here loses it. I wasn't lose that. I wanna be dramatic but is quite upset. I'll leave it at that. Bill Mahers quite upset when me, Kelly tells you exactly what I've been telling you. They're not gonna concede this thing and they are gonna be the new election deniers, air quotes. Bill Maher doesn't like this because he knows it's true. Check this out. Well, don't think there won't be denialism if Kamala Harris loses too. There won't be the same. Okay?


But there's going to be I mean, there're already laying the foundation for law fair. We're gonna be stuck in this election one way or the other, no matter who wins for weeks. Well, there's no evidence of that. Democrats have never done that. They've conceded Al Well, We already had this fight on my show. Hillary Clinton is the original election. Deni Steve. She's done an Selection. Deni. It's, yes she is. It's this different, come on man. It's different between grumbling. Yes, they grumble and they shouldn't. And maybe it goes over the, it's different between grumbling about something and actually trying to overturn it like he did. I mean, you know this. Why do we have to go through this? Yes, That's fine. You know, you're allowed to file legal challenges in response to an election, which is what Trump did. And he lost and he did wind up leaving office.


I'm not gonna defend his behavior on January 6th. I never have, and I'm not gonna start tonight. But if you don't think there's gonna be denialism on the Dem side, you haven't been paying attention to what's been happening on that side for these years. You know, I think I've been reasonably fair to Bill Maher. I'm not gonna listen to any bullshit otherwise. 'cause if you're gonna say otherwise, you don't listen to my show. I think I've been pretty fair to him what he just said there. Bill, let me talk to you direct. I've never been on your show. Don't know you we're not friends, whatever. Nothing personal. You know, sometimes he can give an honest assessment. Well, you just said there is absolute bullshit. You should be embarrassed. The Democrats were just grumbling while Trump like took some what? Extra legal action. Is that what you were insinuating?


One, he did nothing of the sword. Who's in the White House right now? Despite the fact that almost every credible Republican thinks he lost Joe Biden, Trump walked outta the White House like every other president who lost whatever. Even if you believe that to be true, what do you tell? He filed legal cases and that was the end of it. That's what happened. Did it not? He tried to overturn it. Oh, the Democrats didn't. So you're suggesting to me that the FBI through Hillary Clinton, Jim Comey, and the intelligence communities through Brennan and Clapper, that spied on Donald Trump colluded with foreign entities to hijack our justice system to prosecute their political enemies.


That Trump did something worse than that. I mean, is that, is that a joke? Are you shitting me? That Stacey Abrams, who still is not admitted that that's a lawful result, or where governor's, her governor's election loss, that that's somehow was just empty words. That stuff matters, dude. Hillary Clinton still insisting the Russians and some troll farms stole the election from her. Man. I'm sorry man. But you're full of shit. That is embarrassing. That is embarrassing. The entire justice system was hijacked to steal Trump's presidency away. And you're sitting there pretending like it was just talk. Cut the shit, man. Be better.


Be better. That's embarrassing. We've given an honest take on you. That shit's embarrassing. And my audience bigger than yours too. So slow your roll on that bullshit. How can you sleep better though? That's a great point. That can you, that's a nice transition. I got another one coming up next from Ben's. By the way. I'm telling you, Megan's right, they are getting prepared to freak out if we lose.


Hey, you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Listen, I've been there, but guess what? There's hope in the horizon. Beams. Dream powder. You wanna be sharper. You need a good night's sleep. You wanna be more focused. You need a good night's sleep. You wanna have more energy, you need a good night's sleep. These other sleep aids, some of 'em cause The, Next, Day grogginess. Well what's the point then? Beam's Dream Powder contains a powerful all natural blend of Reishi magnesium, Athenian Apogen and melatonin helps you fall asleep, wake up refreshed, and to stay asleep at night. Right now, Beam is offering my listeners exclusive access to their Black Friday sale. It's our biggest sale of the year. My listeners can shop it early before anyone else. Get up to 50% off five zero when you go to shop Beam b eam.com/bonino and use code bonino at checkout. You heard me talk about this product. You can finally try it. It's been fantastic for my sleep. Head on over to shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Enter code bonino and unlock your early access at shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino for up to 50% off. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the fda.


Yeah, yeah. Oh, that's it. Okay. That's good to know. You put up another one. Was that like you, you, you wrote, is that for the next one? Yeah. Okay, good. You just messing my whole thing, my whole mojo up here. I'm kidding folks. I was, yeah, that's how they work. Here's Mike Bens on exactly what I was telling you before. They are planning in this November to January period for Street Dug type Antifa, BLM violence. Folks, I need you to listen to me. I would never steal you wrong. You know why I always tell you panic kill. Don't panic, but you better be prepared. And this is a little message that goes out to our local sheriffs and our constitutional sheriffs. If this is gonna happen, don don't want it to happen anywhere, but if it's gonna happen in liberal cities and they're gonna allow it, there's nothing I can do.


But you better be prepared. Shut this shit down. Assembly, legal, assembly, constitutionally protected speech. You know the rules. You don't need a lecture from me, but breaking the law and violence, no way. Here's Mike Ben on this topic. Check this out. It Was your sense that on say January 20th, if Trump does win clearly in the election, is your sense that on 20 on January 20th, Trump will be, will be inaugurated or no? Well, if he wins on November 5th, it's going to set up this scenario that we're now, you know, talking about with, with Jamie Raskin. This period between November 5th and January 6th is going to be extremely intense. If Trump wins, you are going to see, my sense is that you will see street merit, street paramilitary, Le Left Wing slash never Trump, right?


Even potentially you're gonna see, you're gonna see this sort of be it Summer of love 20 summer 2020 style riot force start to break out on the streets. The media's going to portray them as pro-democracy groups who are protesting the illegitimacy of the Trump electoral college victory. You're gonna see that. So that's gonna shut down the country. It's gonna start terrorizing people. It's gonna start preventing people from being able to communicate. Folks, you know, you got Megan talking about it. You got Ben's talking about it. You got me talking about it. I I, I'm not making this up man. I'm not trying to throw a monkey wrench into the machinery and gum things up. I'm just telling you like, if you watch the signs and the signals, there's a way to stop this.


And the way to stop it is for our constitutional sheriffs and police chiefs out there. Everyone has a right to speak. We get it. We all have constitutional rights and everybody knows what to do with that. However, jumping in the street, chaining yourself to stuff, burning down buildings, you gotta cut that off. You've gotta take the Rudy Giuliani approach to riots in New York. When I was a cop, you know what that approach was? First person that throws a rock goes to jail. Second person that throws a bottle go to goes to jail. You know what happens to the third person? Nothing because there wasn't a third person. That's how you stop it. You don't just say, let 'em blow off some steam. You don't do any of that. You shut that shit down right away, period.


Get ready for it. It's coming. I hope you're all listening. Spread the word around folks. Something else happened last week. Snapshots and soundbites between the Madison Square Garden rally, which provided the best snapshots of the, we can remember folks, 90% of voters out there did not see the whole rally up 95%. They saw what pictures and soundbites. That is it. And they were powerful. They were powerful. But something else happened last week that was a game changer. Listen, i I, on a very candid note, I'm very grateful to the Bonino army for making us the number one political livestream in the United States.


But we are not the number one podcast. We're not, our audience is not as big as Joe Rogan's. And there are shows that are bigger than ours. The Joe Rogan is one of 'em. He's probably got two, three times the audience. He's got a massive, massive following. Joe Rogan. A lot of people objected to Trump going on Joe Rogan. I understand that. I think it was a huge WI think it was an enormous mistake to knock it on there earlier. I know it was kind of up to Joe. Joe is not a particularly political guy. Folks, you knows, get away from that for a minute. It's about going to speak to people who may not have seen Trump in his natural kind of back and forth environment for who he is. The Rogan interview was a big WI want you to watch why this has nothing to do with politics.


This is Trump and Rogan discussing who the greatest UFC fighter is of all time. This is the kind of conversation I need you to understand. In a war of snapshots and sound bites, neither tampon Tim or Kamala Harris can have everything they do is fake. Lemme give you a quick example what I mean. Sorry, don, don't wanna go on too long, but this is really important. Trump and Rogan are gonna start talking about who the greatest UFC fighter is, right? Kamala Harris, when she's asked that question, what do you think she's saying in her head? Anyone in the chat know where I'm going with this Justin. What she's doing in her head is she's going, well, if I say Connor, do you think the I'll get more of an Irish vote. If I say Khabib, do you think I'll get more of say like a Muslim vote?


If I say John Jones, Trump doesn't do any of that, it's true. I mean I am being generous. Assuming Kamala Harris actually knows any of that, she doesn't, but assume she was smart, which he's not. Trump doesn't do that. He's just talking like a normal person. He doesn't have to overthink everything. Here's what I mean and you'll see the difference. Check this out. Who's the greatest UFC fighter in? Are you allowed to say, in your opinion, it's tough for you to say 'cause you do this, but who do you think is the greatest of the fighters? There's there, there's a lot of arguments for who's the greatest of all time. You, you know, John Jones, most people would say he's the greatest of all time. Never lost. It's a, there's certainly a really good argument for that.


There's another argument for George St. Pierre. I always leave in BJ Penn in his prime Anderson Silva in his prime, you know, mighty Mouse. People forget about Mighty Mouse. 'cause unfortunately he's a smaller guy. It's 125 pounds Flyweight champion. He's one of the greatest expressions of mixed martial arts I've ever seen, I think to this day probably. And Khabib, what about Kib? Khabib's fantastic. But if you looked at like accomplishments in terms of championship fights, Khabib retired 29 and oh, but he didn't have as many Champion probably never lost around. They say He might've lost to and Tebow, he might've lost to him around. He might've lost a round. And that was a controversial fight where people Think that Glac and Tebow could have even got the decision in that fight.


I'd have to go back and watch it again to make a decision. But they're great athletes. Yeah. Oh, the best athletes in the world, Tommy Gans. And the chat says UFC is barbaric. I never wide what's barbaric about it? Fight sports have been going on since the beginning of time. Men like to challenge each other in combat sports. They're not killing each other. It's all regulated. I don't understand what the point is. These guys work out hard, you know, they train hard fight sports have always been a I. don dunno, I don't want to get into it. I appreciate your comment, Tommy, but I just totally disagree. By the way, UFC is the Fight league. It used to stand for Ultimate Fighting Championship, but now they just go by regular old UFC. They kind of lost that, that, but it, this was an amazing conversation.


It's natural, it's how normal people speak. And it does humanize Donald Trump. For a lot of people who listen to Rogan, who like Rogan, who are not particularly political. Rogan's not a particularly political guy. I think it was a big w you're free to disagree, I'm just telling you. That was it. And someone in the someone in the chat said they didn't really like the, the, the debate. I was just reading the chat. Someone said disappointment. Okay. I appreciate your again, your comments. I, I, I didn't think so at all. I actually had a really good time and I was appreciating 'em coming. I appreciate 'em coming up. Now I wanna show you next the difference, the contrast between Donald Trump having this really natural back and forth about the fighters. And then Kamala Harris totally unrelatable pretends to have this beer moment with Gretchen Whitmer.


She doesn't even know how to drink a beer. And then she's sitting there. It's the most artificial, contrived thing you've ever seen. Look at this contrast and you tell me who's winning the snapshots and soundbite wars


folks, when it comes to protecting your family, it's not just about having a firearm. Lethal force isn't the answer for every situation. Imagine an imminent threat comes to you and your family instinct may drive you to reach for a firearm immediately. But what if there are a way to defend yourself and deescalate that situation without the irreversible consequences of deadly force? I've got an option for you. Burna. They have a non-lethal pistol launcher equipped with tear gas and kinetic ammo, which can incapacity an attacker for up to 40 minutes. I use one. I have one. No need to go Defcon one. We just need protection to ensure we can diffuse the situation and drive the threat away. I train with firearms most of my adult life. The pistol burner sent me was one of the easiest to learn and to use. If you don't own a firearm, even if you do, it's a great option. I have made in America. Legal in all 50 states requires no background checks and shipped right to your door. Visit burner.com/dan now for an exclusive 10% discount for my listeners today. That's bya b yna.com/dan. You won't regret it.


And our last sponsor today is Cozy Earth. The ultimate Christmas gift is luxurious sleep. I'm laughing because Cozy Earth just sent me some products that are amazing. You'll be able to sleep in luxury, cozy earth using only the best fabrics and textiles to enhance that. A co cozi earth's bamboo sheet set and their bamboo pajama set. Amazing Cozi Earth's goal is to help you create a sanctuary within your home. A cozy earth you can transform your space into an elevated haven where serenity and renewal intertwined effortlessly. Cozier sheets are so breathable. Paula just swapped their out for these seal sheets. You, I sleep hot. So you'll sleep several degrees cooler with these. They're made with durable weave fabric that won't pale guaranteed for 10 years. Cozy Earth prides itself on the responsible production of its products. Cozy earth bedding and bath products. Have a 10 year warranty. That's how much cozy earth believes in them. Wrap the ones you love in luxury with Cozy Earth. Visit cozy earth.com/bonino and use my exclusive 40% off code bonino to give the gift of luxury this holiday season. They're really comfortable. That's cozy earth.com/bonino. If you get a, if you get a post-purchase survey, say you heard about Cozy Earth from the Dan Bongino Show podcast, we appreciate it. Thanks Cozy Earth.


Now compare Trump captain relatable to this scene. Here is Kam Kamala Harris. She's sitting there with Gretchen Whitmer, the dreadful governor of Michigan trying to pretend to drink a beer. And I want you to watch the fake sip. If you're listening on Apple and Spotify later, you gotta watch this here. Who drinks beer like this? Folks? Look. Watch what? Look, look the fake Cheers. Look, watch, great rally. Can you pause that? Is there, we're all wondering folks in the chat, did she actually consume any of the fermented liquid there at all? So there, you see the beer is full. There's a little layer of foam at the top.


Can we do it? Say stop. Right? There's a forensic analysis. Wait, folks in the chat, anyone? There are forensic videographers. I'm reasonably convinced if you can do some kind of like percentage of foam left at the top that she actually drank none of the beer whatsoever. What the hell is that? Who drinks beer like that? You know what, if you're gonna drink a beer, she should have done a freaking stone cold. Smack that shit. Boom. Guzzled up. People would've been like, damn, damn. She might have actually garnered a few votes this before. Wait, so before, okay, wait, that there's nothing, she, she, she head, she jade.


I don't even think she did that. Justin says a little bit of the head of the beard. I don't even think, look, no, no, no, folks, what's the real, I think, did we break the chat again? There's no Yes, she didn't take it. You're right. There is zero chance she took a sip of that beer. I mean again. The soundbites and the snapshots. Look at the fake gesticulate. Oh my gosh. Look, there's cameras here. Like we didn't know. It is embarrassing. Look, shit, I love to drink. Hey, cheers. Look, watch me fake drink a beer. Pretend like I'm one of you. Next time. Stone cold. That shit stone cold. That beer, this reminds me of Elizabeth Warren. Remember that? Hey honey, do you want a beer? Oh, I think I'm good.


People hate this shit. I'm gonna tell you something. I can be straight with you. I haven't had a beer in a long time. I prefer tequila. I'm not telling you it's drinking's bad for you. so I. But whatever's like, I enjoy myself on the weekend. I'm just telling you, you wanna No, if you ask me to drink tequila, I promise you I'm not faking it. I I'm not saying, I'm just saying I have evidence. The bottle goes from here to here to the garbage because I'm not telling you it's good. I'm tell you it's good. I'm just saying it's, you're gonna drink a beer.


Drink the freaking beer folks. She has no closing message either. She has no message. Her messages were moving forward, but she can't say moving forward from what she's still in this like we can you put the Axios article first. She's got this thing now where she doesn't wanna bash the Biden record 'cause it's very liberal. Yet the Biden record's been bad for everyday Americans and she doesn't know how to separate herself without bashing him. So now they're stiff arming Biden in the final stretch. How do I know that? Because communist Axios is reporting on it. Not me. This is the I mean. This is like to the left of Stalin and it Harris, stiff arms Biden in the final stretch.


They don't want this guy around. They don't want him around. They don't know what to do. They have no message, man. This is why the fascist Nazi stuff is not sticking. Everybody remembers the Trump years. Everyone. And they unfortunately remember Biden Harris? Here's Scott Jennings on CNNA guy. I've come to really like a lot talking about this phenomenon that she simply cannot escape the prior three and a half and three and three quarters years. And this is why she's in a world of trouble now that we are just eight days away. Check this out. No works. And honestly, he's more popular now than he is ever been.


His administration's more popular than it's ever been. And look where he came from when he left office to right now. There's one reason why he's more popular today than he's ever been because people are comparing it to what they've got now. And they're saying, I don, it's a dead I. don wanna go back. And yet it's a dead heat against somebody who's only been in the race 13 weeks. Well, I, you, you, you act as though she just landed here on a spacecraft 13 weeks ago. She's been the vice president for an entire term. But there's a difference. She was in the United States Senate. She did not show up here 13 weeks ago. She has a record as vice President. And I think what's hurting your campaign is that she also has a record when she ran for president. And she said a lot of things that have come back to haunt her. That's a different world. I mean. I can go back 10 years when Donald Trump said he wanted the tax oil companies out of existence.


You can talk about section two 30. You can talk about Bitcoin, you can talk about abortion. There's a long list of things that Donald Trump has flip flopped on. But He was the president and he has a record and she was the vice president and she has a record. People. Yeah, but People had a record. But you know, that whole comparison isn't legit because the vice president doesn't do anything. Folks, I gotta tell you, mark Cuban is seriously, I'm I'm kid you not, he may be a smart business guy. I, I don't know. don don't know his business deals. I really don't care. You know, I I I know him from Shark Tank and from the Mavericks. That's it. Am I saying no, him don don't know him personally, obviously, he, I, I'm not kidding, is probably one of the worst high profile political analysts I've ever seen. I have never seen a guy with worse political instincts. So eagerly jump into the political forum than Mark Cuban.


He's out there advocating right now. This is what Mark Cuban. Mark, let me help you. Just like I'm trying to help Bill Maher before, don't embarrass yourself. Okay? You know, guys like me will cover people like you fairly. 'cause that's my job. You humiliating yourself. What you're saying is ridiculous. You're saying Donald Trump said some things too that are offensive to you and you didn't like, but he didn't actually do those things. That's different. That's different. Donald Trump did stuff and is now running on the record of what he did. Close the border tackle inflation, tax cuts like that stuff he did. So what Donald Trump did, he's saying he's gonna do again.


So people believe it. I'm trying to help you, mark, follow my reason. What you're missing about Kamala Harris. 'cause you really don't know what you're talking about here is Kamala Harris did stuff too, but now she's saying the opposite. The Inflation Reduction Act was an attack on fracking. She's making it out. Like, oh, we expanded all these fracking leases. She's ignoring what we did, what they did, tying 'em in offshore leases and then bottling them up. She's lying to you about all the money spent that caused inflation. She's lying to you about the border. Do you get it? Trump did stuff. It was good. He said he's gonna do it again. And people like it. Yeah, he said other stuff too. No doubt Kamala Harris did stuff. It was really bad.


And now she's saying she's gonna do the opposite of what she did. That was really bad. And nobody believes her. Gosh, you are really bad at this man. I'm really stunned at how a guy who's made this amount of money can't figure this out. And he keeps embarrassing himself with this unrealized capital gains tax thing. Kamala Harris has now reaffirmed her support for an unrealized capital gains tax. Folks, I don't know if you understand what that means. It means people are going to get taxed on money they don't even have or have never made. It just exists on paper. There is going to be a mass sell off in the stock market if that happens.


Fact Cuban is running around. I don't get it. He's telling everyone this thing is the worst idea ever. But I support Kamala because she's not gonna do it. While Kamala Harris just doubled down support for it. This guy is, I, I get him. I've never, I really, I forget it. I, I've never seen this guy needs to stick in the tech space. Mark Halperin's another guy. You know, I've been playing some clips from him. He's a political analyst. You may like him, you may not. It's right on some stuff wrong on the other. But ladies and gentlemen, again, this weekend was really bad for them. We've got eight days left. Vote early, get out there, vote in person. But there is real movement in the polls.


I'm not telling you it's over. I'm just saying listen to this guy. He is not really a partisan type guy saying, Hey man, this movement's real. And you ignore it at your own peril. Check this out. 48 48 national poll. The conventional wisdom has been, even though it may be false, that if Donald Trump is tied or within a couple points in the national poll, he's going to win. Now the New York Times says possible he tomala Harris could win the electoral college and lose the popular vote. And we've talked about Trump overperforming from last time in the big blue states that could make him a bigger popular vote winner, but still lose the electoral college possible reaction. Two reactions I wanna show you to that poll. First, Ron Brownstein 1 0 2.


He's pretty pro Harris, but he's a great political analyst. He says that this shows Kamala Harris, the New York Times poll. She's matching Joe Biden with white voters, but she's doing less well with people of color, particularly Latino voters. And that's back to, remember when Harris replaced Biden and after we saw some initial data, there was a thought, maybe Harris is stronger than Biden in the Sunbelt states. Weaker in the battle, in the in the Rust Belt. This poll and other data suggests no back to clear number one path. Rust Belt states. Okay, mark Penn, democratic pollster. Here's his tweet, important to understand the context. Here he is looking at all the polls, not just one poll snapshots underlying changes times Wall Street Journal, Forbes private polling show movement for Trump.


It's real movement. And it's real movement at the end, which suggests as voters are deciding it's meaningful. But again, it's still close and she can win. Folks, they're right. This is why I'm saying don't pop the champagne bottles in the corks yet. Okay? I'm just telling you the movement is legitimate. I am not a truster of polls. As I've said to you, often they are reliable but not valid. They're reliably wrong and they're not a valid measure of where we stand. However, because they are reliably wrong, like a scale that's off 10 pounds every time, you can make up the difference by factoring in the, the mistake margin. If it scales off by 10 pounds, then just subtract 10 pounds and you know your weight.


If Donald Trump outperforms the polls by nine or five points, depending on 2016 or 2020, and you even cut that in half, the Kamala Harris campaign has to be sweating because they're gonna win the popular vote in any normal presidential election on California and New York alone. And an over performance, if they're running even, can you imagine the kind of trouble they must be in behind closed doors? And listen, I am sensing a very real change here. Folks in the chat. Tell me what you think about this. I'm really, I, you know, I asked, I'm I've been wearing this shirt every day. Well, not the same one, but this, is it bad enough? Is this the white one? Is it bad enough yet?


I'm starting to sense that the answer may be yes. We'll know November 6th. We will know November 6th, the day after day after election day. But folks, I'm starting to sense it. You starting to feel it. I opened up the show today. I've been very excited about getting in here because I was at the sandbar this weekend. And I'm telling you, I feel like this palpable energy. People coming up to the boat. Damn, what's up man? We voted, brought like 10 people with me. My whole shop is voting for Trump. My friends voting for Trump. People never voted before. Voting for Trump. It's different. It's even different than 2016 and 2020. I feel good. I don't feel great. I don't feel overconfident. But I'm sensing something too. These kind of elites and these people who know people who know people.


The money people. Have you noticed, you've got Elon out there, obviously you've got Jeff Bezos at the Washington Post saying that they're not gonna indoors. You didn't think Jeff Bezos is all of a sudden a MAGA guy. No, he's not. I folks, they know something. These very, very wealthy people talk to connected people all the time. You got Bezos staying out of it. Elon's all in. You got Zuckerberg. Facebook's doing their thing. Facebook's already censoring conservatives. But Zuckerberg's been noticeably quiet. These are not our friends. I hope you understand what I'm saying. Don't send me a message.


Oh, do you think they're our friend? No, no, no. I'm telling you though, our enemies, Bezos and Zuckerberg, people who generally hate us have been really quiet. You've got RFK and Tulsi rolling over. Tulsi is now a Republican. You've got Rogan three hours with Donald Trump on the podcast. Trump goes on Logan Paul's show, he goes on the Nel Boys show. Folks, you may not have heard of these people. They have huge followings. You got Trump's showing up at the UFC to a massive round of applause every time he goes. You got the Bitcoin crowd. Very, very powerful voting block all in for Donald Trump.


It's not what they're saying, it's what they're doing. And it's not what our enemies are doing, it's what they're not doing. It's not what people like Elon and them are saying Elon is in. It's what he's doing, showing up at rallies and in our enemies. It's not what they're doing, it's what they're not doing. It's nothing. They're staying out of it. They know something folks. I'm telling you. They know something. I wanna show you this video. This is Eric Adams, the mayor of New York. The guys are far left liberal. I don't trust this guy as far as I could throw him. All right, let me just be clear. I had been a, you know, a, a vigorous critic of this guy. 'cause I was a cop when he was in that time period.


And I never thought he was a particularly smart guy. And he's really an attention hound. However, Eric Adams is, no doubts a lefty. Eric Adams was given a golden opportunity this weekend to shit all over Donald Trump in the MSG rally. Folks, this dude knows something's up too. I want you to listen to his answer. You're probably gonna be a little bit surprised. This was a ground ball. Trump's a fascist Nazi, right? You're gonna do something about this MSG rally. The mayor of New York City can't have that in New York City. No, it's not the answer he gave something's up, man. It's not what they're saying. It's what they're doing. That rally went off without a hitch. Check this Out. I think as I've called over and over again that the level of conversation, I think we could all dial Down the Temperature.


And I've heard people say that the former president should not be able to have a rally in a Madison Square garden. I strongly disagree. This is America. This is New York. And I think it's important that we allow individuals to exercise their right to get that message clear to New Yorkers. You think that's an accident? I've already told you that this guy, I've known about him for a very long time. He is a calculating political animal. Calculate. He does nothing by accident.


Everything is scripted. I don't care. I don't need this guy as a friend. I'm just telling you man. He knows something. He knows something. Hey, can we skip ahead to Sean Spicer and Megan Kelly? Well, I may go back to JD in a second, but I want to, this is important. This fits better here. Sometimes I put the show together and it just organically, I gotta flip it around. 'cause I feel like, like something's like happening. I gotta make something different happen here. And I like it. I like the energy with this segment, folks. Nothing is working. This is why Eric Adams and Zuckerberg and Bezos, they're all either quiet or like implicitly defending Trump because they know what's up. It's why Slotkin, it's it.


It's why John Tester Montana, two Democrat candidates for Senate are running ads about their ties with Donald Trump Democrats, I didn't say that wrong. They're sensing something is up. Everything they're doing is flopping. They trot out John Kelly again, who for some bizarre reason after Trump got rid of him, he considers it his life's mission to go out and promote these fairytales about Donald Trump and what he said. And they keep getting debunked. Now, I have not heard this before, but this is a really valuable take. Sean Spicer was a White House insider spokesman with Donald Trump. Nobody knows the team better than Spicer. Okay? Sean was on Megan Kelly's show, and he gave an this is it.


I promise you it's interesting. I'm not overselling it. You know, it's someone else's show. It's not even mine. Megan's a great interviewer. Sean's on there, and he says there's a reason John Kelly and a lot of these former military guys like Millie really disliked Donald Trump. It has a lot to do with ego and them being the use, you being used to being the ones in charge. This is a really fascinating take on why they keep trash and Trump check this out, Which is, why are there so many administrative administration officials who hate him have quit and are leaking to the press about how bad he was? Again, as I said, I think some of them just have a personal animus towards him because of how they personally were treated or the advice that they were given.


I watched it constantly in the Oval Office. Two people would come in, give him two versions of a policy, and then he would choose one person. The other person would walk outta there and say, fine, I'm gonna find people to undermine your argument. I'm gonna leak it to the press. People around him have big egos, and when he said I mean, I watched him bring in a bunch. We were talking about Afghanistan policy one day, and he said, I want 10 enlisted soldiers to come in that have served in Afghanistan. And he sat him around a table and said, tell me about your experience. And it pissed a lot of people off that he wasn't taking the advice of the more senior people and asking the actual enlisted folks, tell me what your experience has been. Did you understand the mission? Are we winning? Are we moving forward?


Were you getting the equipment and the tools that you needed? He, they hated that. They hated the fact that they came in, gave their PowerPoint presentation, and they were being undermined by a guy who didn't just sign off on it with like a blank check. so I, I think Washington is full of a lot of guys with a lot of big egos that don't like the fact that when they come into a room, everyone doesn't just say, oh, great idea, let's move forward. Folks, that is a brilliant take from a guy who was there. You're gonna trust Spicer. Are you gonna trust other people? I have heard that from a number of people, not in that, not an an iteration of it, not as specific, precise or as eloquent as that, but that it's an ego business. That these people are now embarrassed, that they feel like someone who's an outsider, who they're gonna tell you is, oh, he's stupid.


Trump's a cretin or whatever, that they got fired by him. It attacks their ego. These guys have been told by people as military, higher ups for a long time how important and special their decision making is. And the fact that this guy, they consider an outsider, a bouncer type, a queen's thug, you know, aced them on these decisions, bothers them. So now do you understand why they're constantly trashing them? They're trying to protect their own legacy. That's what they're doing. But none of this stuff is catching on folks because nobody believes them. Because nobody believes the ne the, the, the, the, the negativity coming from the media. No one believes it.


The negativity is endless. Here's David Sachs. This guy's a really smart tech investor. I really love this take. He says, I agree, legacy media's lost most of its relevance and its credibility. He said, though, they still set the terms of the discourse. He's right. They're not completely dead yet. He says most of the conversations happening on X, but here's the, this is the takeaway. He says, well, no, legacy media is over when it's ignored. Completely getting to that point should be the goal over the next four years. Folks, I'm telling you, we're on the path now. They are don don't know percentage wise, what the hell matters. They're about 40% as relevant as they were even 10 years ago, 20% hopefully in the next two years. And after that, nobody's gonna listen to anything they say because they keep lying.


He gives the example, legacy media assert something, alternative media. We debunk it. Legacy media doesn't even acknowledge it's debunks and moves on to asserting something else. We then debunk that this is what's happening with the John Kelly story. The suckers and losers thing was already discredited and now we're on to the next one. Tre sad. He LOBs Hitler. Nobody believes you bro. Nobody believes you. Trump didn't wanna pay for the funeral. Dear sister comes out of the woman who died and says, that's not true. Nobody believes you, no one. I'm gonna hit a little bit of comic relief for you here. Is this a maze more thing? Oh wait a see, this is hilarious. I want you to see how bad this candidate is too.


The one thing the left wing still does is they'll still fall for media narratives. And they're trying to tell you now that Kamala Harris, even though they told you she was an idiot, is this credible gifted Hopey changey type Obama like speaker. She is not, she's not a Bill Clinton speaker. She is an awful candidate. She's fake. She's not genuine. And she says the same things all the time. This is a great example. I want you to watch this. Check this out. Here's Kamala Harris given her new light. Donald Trump should never sit behind the president. She screams it as if she's trying to engage in this faux rage like boss routine. It's really pathetic. Watch this. Should never again stand behind the seal of the President of the United States.


Never again. Never again. Never again. Now, oh, this is Trump War Room. Sorry, hat tip we love may so much though. Hat tip Mayes more. Anyway, you have great clips. Here's a little montage. All played at the same time of the exact same passionate off the cuff Kamala Harris line that she said off the cuff and passionately over and over and over again. Check this out Behind, never again.


And sometimes she cocks the hand too. Like just to let you know, never is fake. Dude, this is all contrived fake bullshit. The whole thing, the hand motion, the chop. Someone should say like, oh my gosh, that's racist. That's like you're emulating the, the FSU hand chop I mean. That's how ridiculous these people are. They look, they're, they're not fake, they're not authentic. They have no ability to do a back and forth in contrast to like a JD Vance type, right, who will go on any network and just eats these people alive. 'cause he's smarter than them. Did you see this line this weekend he gave you, he was interviewing with NBC and they asked him about inflation.


He shuts that shit right down. Check this out. Senator. As you know, inflation is coming down. Let me ask you about some of what we've heard Here. It's 25% higher Kristen than it was when Donald Trump left the Oval Office. Tell you, Senator, do Americans let ask Senator, this is an important issue. Lemme ask you about some heard in the Senator feel this week, like inflation is a solve problem than maybe they should vote for Kamala Harris. If you feel like the price of groceries, if you feel like the price of housing is too high, if you feel like inflation is not over, yeah, then Donald Trump Is your man's right? There's no doubt folks believe that groceries are too high. Just making the point that inflation has aren't too high. I agree with those folks. Let ask you, You sense what we're doing here? We're constantly painting the contrast.


'cause that's what it is. In a binary system, it's a contrast between choice A and choice B. You've got this one candidate who looks worse because the, because Donald Trump and JD Vance are so good at off the cuff conversations and extemporaneous thought it makes Kamala Harris look even more contrived. If it were two contrived candidates, you wouldn't know the difference. They just both look contrived. Here, I wanna wrap with this one a little more. Comic relief for you. Kamala Harris is amazingly debuting another accent. This is the world's worst actress. I'm serious. Here she is debuting her preacher's accent this weekend. What is this accent number seven or eight. We're gonna have to play these on election night. Folks, the world's worst actress, check this out.


Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning. The path may seem hard, the work may seem heavy, but joy cometh in the morning and church mourning is on its way. Folks, you think this woman is, you know, putting out like a, a sizzle reel for spots in various different movies going forward, where she's gonna play different people. I mean it's really pathetic. The contrast is striking. She is so contrived and fake. Vote. Vote early in person. Everybody understand there's no time for being nice anymore.


I can't say it any other way. Get out there. Vote. Vote today. If early voting is open, vote early and in person. Join us election night, 7:30 PM Eastern Time. Do me a favor, download the Rumble app. It is free. Free. Or you can go to Rumble dot com slash bino. Join us every day. 173,000 people here today. Yes, it is so good to see you. Rumble dot com slash bonino every day at 11:00 AM Watch this video on demand anytime and please give us a follow on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. We are jumping up the charts on Spotify. Again, helps other people find us. Really appreciate it. See you here on the radio show on Rumble in a few minutes, and back here, live tomorrow at 11:00 AM See you then.


You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.