
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. Folks, This is the genius of Trump, right? He puts his political opponents in these classic dilemmas. Where there it, it's, it's essentially if, if you wanna look this up, most of you kind of know what it means anyway. I don't mean to sound like an arrogant ass, but you, you know what Hobson's choice is? It's a choice that's really no choice at all. In other words, like you could take this horse or no horse at all. Well that's not really a choice. You have to take the horse, right? Donald Trump, the genius of Trump, again, I'm not saying everything's for d chess, but I'm saying a lot of it is that the media misses is he puts his political opponents into classic dilemmas where either choice is bad.


Who was I? Someone said it the other day. Was it Gutfeld on the five? I'm not really sure. Someone on the five brought it up that he, the another genius component, tactical political component of Trump is that he gets his opponents to vigorously support an issue that only 15% of America, IE the communist crazy support and he gets 'em to do it vigorously just as a reflexive anti-Trump response. What I have a name for that. I've been calling it the show Your Ass Theory, how it just becomes all about fighting Trump at the expense of rationality. I wanna show you what I mean at the beginning of the show about again this government spending issue.


How he has the Democrats. Unbelievably, they're usually smarter than this. Tactically speaking, defending the indefensible and I'll explain. For new lenu thanks to my man Kat turd, it was meant to be a joke, but it blew up yesterday. I think it was like two or three trending on Twitter.


Today's sponsored by Beam. Get a good night's sleep. Go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino for 47% off your first order.


Today's show also sponsored by these guys. Always tell me. Andrea American Financing. Here's a website, american financing.net. It's not a.com American financing.net. Americans still have kitchen table problems. A lot of us are carrying a really high credit card balances that charge us up to 20% or more each and every month. It's time to get rid of those balances. Homeowners. If you've been waiting to figure out how to get your finances in order, call my friends at American Financing today. They've been with us a long time. American financing, salary based mortgage consultants are helping homeowners just like you tap into their homes equity to get outta high interest debt. They're saving the average customer $800 a month by doing this. That's a huge savings. Saving that every month should make this decision really easy. All it takes. A 10 minute, no cost, no obligation phone call to find out how much you can save. You start today. You may be able to delay two mortgage payments. That's huge. Call American Financing today. Here's the number. 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. That's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. Or you can visit the website again, it's a.net. Address american financing.net american financing.net. NMLS 1 2 3 3 4 NMLS consumer access.org.


Alright fellas, ring that bell. There you go. So just quickly, I love my friend Kat Turd on Twitter. He's the best. Probably one of the top five, maybe the top most influential up there with Libs at TikTok. Accounts on X can move the needle instantly. So I was joking yesterday about the this, the gentleman who has become a national hero standing up to the raving banshees at this government building. Max Waters. I need to identify yourself immediately. This guy, what did you call him? Justin, the most unbothered man in America. So because he's, you know, this guy's probably a low key guy, doesn't want his name out there.


I understand. So I said listen, we need to give this guy a medal under the moniker fan lenu. Fan lenu cat turd. I asked him to make it go viral. I was kind of kidding, but he did. It was trending on Twitter all night. You go look it up. Fan Lenu is a law enforcement term when you don't know the name of the person you're targeting. It stands for first name, unknown last name, unknown. So out of respect for this gentleman, we're gonna call him Fou Lenu. Fou lenu, you are a national hero. We all love you. Thank you for standing up for sanity against the raving Democrat lunatics. So for those of you tuned in to decipher what for New Le New Men, that is it.


And a big hat tip to cat turd for making echo viral. The guy's got crazy juice on X-Men. Alright, getting back to what I opened the show with. Listen, Donald Trump has a lot of political superpowers. He does the ability to, the ability to make his enemies so angry that they engage in a rational behavior just to look like they're targeting him. It's an incredible thing to watch. You know, someone put this thing out on X this morning and said, if you're a P one listener in the Bonino Army, you'll get this. You can Check it out. Just put my name in X. You'll see it. It's in there somewhere. It's a guy putting a dollar or whatever in a Coke machine. It doesn't come out.


He's kicking the Coke machine now I got it. So whoever put that up there, you clearly a P one. I got you bro. I see, I know exactly what you're doing. I've talked about this extinction burst phenomenon over and over. Bear with me. I'm promise I'm not gonna bore you to death with psychology terms, but this matters. An extinction burst, you can look it up on your favorite search engine right now, is a very real thing. It's when you engage in a behavior dollar in the Coke machine, you get a reward the Coke, and then all of a sudden you put a dollar in it one day. It doesn't come out behavior, no reward. What happens? People do irrational things like what? They kicked the Cobra machine. Like that's gonna fix the problem. You break it, that's a crime. It's not rational, but they do it anyway. Animals do it all the time.


Human beings, that is what's going on right now with the Democrats in the past. They have engaged in this behavior. The dollar and the Coke machine. Just call them a racist. Go to the media and say, grandma's gonna starve to death and have to eat cat food. Show a video of grandma getting thrown over the cliff and governments and government will be continued. Government will continue to waste fraud and abuse away our money and no one will pay attention. And Republicans back down 'cause they were afraid. Not only does Donald Trump and Elon Musk do Doge not back down. When they get, they double down and they say, Hey, we're going to the military, Pentagon next we're going to the Department of Education. So what happens? The Democrats are so used to the reward dollar in the Coke machine, Coke, when the Coke doesn't come out, they're kicking and screaming at the machine.


Totally irrationally. And now Trump has 'em in this corner. I really hope you enjoyed this explanation because if I, I'd like this to go nuclear if you can make it up to you, but it, it absolutely explains human psychology and the irrationality of politics and what the Democrats are doing right now. They're in a corner. They are defending the indefensible, they are defending clear government waste sex changes in Guatemala, Peruvian, L-G-B-Q-Q operas. It doesn't matter how much money it is, it matters that it's our money. You know, if gee were to come up to me and go, Dan, I'm gonna put in an order for 72,000 rolls of toilet paper.


It's probably, it's not gonna affect our bottom line that much, but it's a waste. What the hell you need that for? What'd you do? Like have a bad meal or something? I mean, why would you need that? They, this is what the Democrats don't understand. When people hear $2 million for Guatemalan sex changes, they're thinking, you know what I could do with that $2 million? I could buy a homeless veteran, a million dollar home twice over. I get 'em a summer home too. The Democrats are too stupid because they're used to getting a Coke out of the machine. It's not happening. So they're whining like children, not realizing that they're in this dilemma, which is this, defend the indefensible government waste or don't defend it and watch your gravy train dry up.


In other words, let Elon weed out the government waste in conjunction with the Trump administration and the government waste has been wasted on Democrat causes, which is gonna dry up their gravy train. Do you understand the classic dilemma? Defend it. Lose political power. Don't defend it. Lose economic power. You get it? Do you understand the genius of what Trump and Elon are doing here? They are in a totally, completely untenable position. And now that we are the media, now we are the media. Elon owns X and this po, this podcast war room. Charlie Kirk, Benny Johnson, the the maga, the Magos sphere.


We are the media. Now we dominate the media. Megan Kelly Tucker, the left doesn't have the voice to compete with us anymore. So they can't even whine about it. Folks, receipts matter. This is the freaking receipt show. I don't say I can't back up. You think I'm kidding? That they're defending the indefensible. That this is so unbelievably unpopular that even for stupid liberals, it's incredible how irrational they're acting right now in this extinction burst. Here's a CNN clip. Yes, CNN, you know, we play this guy often. He appears to be relatively unbiased when it comes to at least left wing media.


Here he is with a poll showing Donald Trump's approval rating is basically through the roof right now and the Democrats are getting their asses kicked, but they're continuing to kick the Coke machine because they just can't stop the extinction burst. Watch this. You know, I think one of the things that's so important for politicians is for folks to believe what they're saying and that they're keeping their campaign promises. So I think this gives you a pretty gosh darn good idea of what may be going on. Trump's doing what he promised to do. You go back to April of 2017, it was just 46% of all Americans who said that Trump was doing what he promised to do. Compare that now to February of 2025.


You know, there was a good show that was on during the 1990s called A Different World. That is what's going on right now. We're living in a different world. 70% of Americans say Trump is doing what he promised to do. Again, compare that to April of 2017 when it's just 46%. When Americans are 24 points more likely to say that you're doing what you promised to do. It's no wonder that your net approval rating is much more likely to be on the positive side of the ledger than on the negative side. Brothers and sisters in the Bonino Army receipts matter man. It's a CNN guy talking about a poll. It's not Fox News or bonino.com.


This is the, I'm telling you that of all of the superpowers Donald Trump has politically, he has many, he has weaknesses too. Like anyone else, his greatest superpower is forcing Democrats into, into extinction burst behavior where either choice they make is a hobson's choice. There's no choice at all because they're both bad. Defend sex changes in Guatemala or don't do it and lose your ability to engage in identity politics and profit from it around the world. Either way, brother, you lose either way you think I'm kidding how this is just the beginning. We are the media. Now, I don't say that I, I, I know some people complain it sounds arrogant and number one I I don't care 'cause it's not intended that way at all.


You notice when I mentioned the Magos sphere, I never mentioned just myself. I mentioned other creators too. 'cause it's not about me, it's about us. I mean that you got Charlie, you got Benny, you got Bannon, you got Megan Kelly, you got Tucker. You've got a bunch of great shows out there to pick from. I'm not the only one. I'm honored you're here, but you don't have to be here. There's other choices as well who're just as talented. But we are the media. Now, the collective audience between those people, Fox News, Newsmax and OANN is more than enough to compete and override the traditional mainstream media. There's not, they are powerless to hurt us anymore.


They can't avoid hiding stuff like this. I want you to watch this. So last night I'm upstairs in this, the little office room I have. I watch some TV and at night 'cause it's dark. Who cares? Why am I telling you this? But I'm sitting there and I'm going through doing some show prep and I see this clip by an excellent congresswoman Lauren Bobert. This is again about US government money going to fund something so abhorrent that when you hear it, this little clip, it's about 30 seconds. I promise you're gonna think it's fake. I actually texted the congresswoman to be sure this was real. It's real. The Democrats, do you wanna defend this?


Listen to what your money was used to fund. We'll talk about it on the other side and you'll see how Trump getting them to defend this stuff is just the epitome of tactical political power. Watch this Implant aborted baby parts into a lab. Animals have, have you heard of that sort of research? Yeah. We did an analysis a few years ago showing that over 90% of HU experiments with using human fetal tissue and putting them involved. Animals were funded by Fauci. Niaid. Do you know where they're getting the aborted human fetal tissue? A lot of it is happening at colleges and universities that have affiliated ho affiliated hospitals that perform that procedure.


Madam Chair, I think we need to look into that as well. Oh, Madam Chair, I, I think you do. Thank you Congresswoman Bobert for pointing that out. A boarded human baby tissue into like animals or what is it? I heard, I I telling you I'm not messing with you. I thought that was fake. I had a texter and be like, is this real? This is an ai, right? That actually, that actually happened. This is what your tax dollars are funding you Democrats. Are you really sure for the teeth time?


This is the hill you wanna die on. They're out there bragging all day. We're suing in the courts to keep human fetal parts implanted into animal wombs or whatever they, they're suing to defend all of this stuff. Or NIH overpayments. We're suing the defendant and they really think this is a winner. This is why I'm gonna throw something outta you. I need you all to listen to me for a sec. Hold on. I'm gonna black out for you. Mm. I need everybody to listen in. Listen in. Good. Okay. How's my grandma? Listen and listen. Good. My grandmother got mad at me. I love you Grandma. Don't panic over the Democrats use of the judicial system to engage in Lawfare.


There's zero question. These judges have so far overstepped and I'm gonna get to it more coming up in my lawfare segment. No question about it. But we knew they were gonna do this. It's sad. We have to deal with fake judges in robes who are usurping the power of the executive and the legislative branch. I mean it's sad, it's tragic, but it's not a surprise. We know, we know that Democrats are communists. We know they engage in lawfare. Okay Dan, when does a good part come? The only salvation to this, this is why I'm telling you, don't lose a ton of sleep over this. We may not win 'em all, but we're gonna win a whole bunch of 'em.


There is no question that if the presidency matters and the constitution matters, that we are gonna eventually get a judge who's gonna say, wait. This judge in Rhode Island said that Donald Trump can't execute functions of the executive branch. And here's why I'm telling you not to freak out. It's gonna empower Trump for the rest of the presidency as this makes its way up the judicial ladder possibly to the Supreme Court because there's gonna be nowhere for them to go. The Democrats that have done this before may incredibly be kicking themselves in the Jimmy again because it's only two weeks in. They're wasting a ton of money and time suing for every little thing.


And if six months in they lose 90 out of a hundred of these cases, Donald Trump will have reinstituted the constitutional power of the presidency. Again, the Democrats kicking themselves in the nuts. Don't sue. Let it go through and you lose 'cause Donald Trump shows government waste sue and lose, which you're going to on many of these and you empower Donald Trump for three more years. By the time these things are done, don't freak out over it. It sucks that they can do this. These temporary restraining orders nationally are a joke. Clarence Thomas has been fighting against these things forever.


But wouldn't it be great if not only the executive, it happens to be Donald Trump for the next four years is empowered constitutionally and these national temporary restraining orders get tossed out too. That's why I'm telling you, move fast. Rock 'em, sock em robots, keep it going and keep the Democrats on their heels. The rock 'em sock em. Robots will continue. Folks, there is a major thing coming. You think the fight started now over Guatemalan sex changes and U-S-A-I-D I'm gonna tell you as not bigger. The U-S-A-I-D fight is huge 'cause it's the deep state piggy bank.


However, and if you missed my interview with Mike Bens yesterday, it'll be on the podcast channel next weekend on radio. It was amazing. Bens blew the door off this whole thing. Elon Musk is moving on to the Pentagon next. Folks, you think we've had liberal communist backlash now, but damn, Democrats don't like defense spending. Hold on. Time out. I'm not talking, this isn't a Democrat Republican show. It's an antis swamp show. There are a lot of weapons programs that don't work where money, where billions of dollars have been wasted. Those weapons programs are made in very specific congressional districts.


Wait till that waste gets uncovered. You think you, you just see in the beginning of the backlash. So get ready, buckle up. Let me take a quick break and I'll show you what I mean. A video by Secretary Hegg that went out yesterday that he's done with this too.


Folks, how well do you sleep at night? Real peace of mind can come from knowing your family's prepared for tough times. Use the company. I use my Patriot Supply for preparedness. They're a really trusted name I've been using for a long time. They're offering a limited time discount on their supersized mega three month emergency food kit. It's not your typical survival food. Each kit provides over 2,500 calories for 90 days with delicious meals and extras, including chicken, beef, fruits and veggies. We're talking quality meals that last up to 25 years in storage and still taste home cooked. The pandemic taught us how to quickly, how quickly store shelves empty. I've seen it down here in Florida and emergencies don't be, that guy runs outta food. Your mega emergency food kit for my Patriot Supply includes free shipping, a disaster replacement warranty, and a 24 7 USA based support. This special discount is available for this week only. So go today to my patriot supply.com now and secure your family's future with a 200 5200 $50 discount on emergency food. You need to have, if you order to buy 3:00 PM they'll ship your order the same day so you can have peace of mind right away. Go to my patriot supply.com once again, that's my patriot supply.com. Get a $250 discount and same day shipping. If you order by 3:00 PM folks, get prepared. It's serious stuff.


Okay? Get ready folks. Again, this show I I yesterday. I told you what we weren't gonna talk about. We weren't gonna do Super Bowl stuff. So you know, in case you're new to the show, I welcome you here. I love that you're here. Thank you very much. But I have to be candid with you, if you're here expecting a you know, Democrat, Democrat, democrat, we're gonna leave swampy Republicans alone show. This isn't the show. You know, my adage on the show, Democrats are the cause of all your problems. Even though Republicans may not always be the solution and when they're not the solution. I'm gonna point it out. Defense spending is going to cause an absolute riot in dc Do you have any idea how many congressmen are making a fortune off of donors?


Future lobbying careers off major military, industrial, complex weapons programs that don't work in their district. I'm not knocking the defense industry. Thank you for producing the AR 15 I own Thank you for producing the world's best tanks. I'm not knocking you. I do want an efficient military, however, and we have been wasting a lot of money. Here's Secretary Hegseth. He's absolutely done with this folks. He's kind of wondering why is it the Pentagon can't pass an audit? Seems pretty strange, right? Time to get on board. Check this out. So tell us about this upcoming look at the spending at the Defense Department. Should we expect hundreds of billions of dollars in wasteful spending there?


Unfortunately, I think so. And we very much, the president is right. He's setting the pace and he is also correct that American taxpayers deserve to know exactly how and where their money is spent. The fact that I have to commit Maria to an audit being done in four years is bad enough. The Pentagon should be able to pass a budget right now. Thankfully the Marine Corps has passed a clean audit for two years in a row and I applaud them. But that needs to go across the entire department. So that will be a focus where we spend dollars, we need to know, or when we spend dollars, we need to know where they're going and why. That's simple accounting and that has not existed at the Defense Department. We're gonna fix that, but that's not even Doge. I mean, we welcome Elon Musk and Doge coming into our department to help us identify additional ways in which we can streamline processes, fast track acquisitions, cut waste, cut tail to put it to tooth Secretary Hank s overseas, now PT and with, with our brave men and women in the military over there, by the way, hat tip, United States Marine Corps for actually passing an audit.


Yeah, I love Marines. I'm I really, I am. I have to be candid with you. I'm, I'm jealous. I, the fact that I never went in the Marine Corps is, is a sin. I should burn in Hades for that. Really? You guys and ladies out there who chose the Marine Corps? You, you're the best. There's nothing like a marine man. They're a Marine before you could be the CEO of IBM or whatever. It doesn't mean you're a Marine first. It's like Texas. You know Texas. The same way you, we ask people where they're from, ah, from this county. Yes, we are Texas Marines are Marines first. God bless you, Marine Corps and everybody in the chat give a little salute to our US marines out there. Who said Rah? Who said it? Choctaw Marine. One hat tip brother.


God bless you man. You guys are bad asses. Hey, I love the army, navy, and you know how I feel about the military, but marines, I always wanna be one my greatest regret in my lifetime. All right, getting back to the show folks, this is gonna cause an uproar. If you have a weapon system from the forties that doesn't work, but it brings millions of dollars in jobs to your district, but is costing the United States money, there's no way these congressmen are gonna let it go. And it's not a Democrat or Republican thing, it's a swamp thing. It's how the swamp works. We have to stand strong. You wanna fix this country? It go. You wanna do big things. When I was a an agent, my boss used to say to me, be careful.


Big cases, big headaches, big cases, big headaches. You wanna do big politics, they're gonna cause you big headaches and you better get the freaking Excedrin. 'cause this is how we change this place. They cannot pass an audit because they've been wasting money forever. How bad is it when a left wing lunatic like John Stewart, big gun grabber John Stewart, yes, the same guy, the comedian guy. He's on a panel. Have you ever seen this clip with Biden's number two with the Pentagon? This is, this is not new. This is obviously from a while ago. John Stewart, the left winger is asking her, Hey man, how is it that you guys paint can't pass an audit? Like, where's the billions of dollars going? I want you to listen to her cocky, arrogant answers.


She admits she doesn't know. Check this out. Be doing like there is a lot of waste, fraud and abuse within a system. Audits and waste fraud and abuse are not the same thing. So let's decompose these Things then please educate me on, on What? So an audit is exactly what you just described. Yes. Which is, do I know what was delivered to which place? Right? The ability to pass an audit or in the fact that the DOD has not passed an audit is not suggestive of waste, fraud and abuse. That is completely false right there. So, So what is now Suggest a question of it's suggestive that we can't, we don't have an accurate inventory that we can pull up of what we have. Where that is not the same as saying we can't do that because waste, fraud, and abuse has occurred.


So in my world, yeah, that's waste. How is that waste? If I give you a billion dollars and you can't tell me what happened to it? That to me is wasteful. That that means you are not, well We didn't Necess responsible, but if you can't tell me where it went, then what am I supposed to think? This guy's a lefty, he's a liberal. He's asking this Biden Pentagon official. Where the hell are these billions of dollars? She's like, I don't know, but an audit and waste fraud. You see how they play the euphemisms game? They dance around the word games like e you know, an illegal alien becomes an undocumented visitor to the United States or some ridiculous euphemism.


They do this all the time. It's a simple question. The way to beat this, by the way, is to always, always bring it back to ground level. Don't let them elevate the conversation using words into things unconnected to what's happening on the ground. Don't let them do it. Go right back to the question you started with. I didn't ask you what words you're using or any this other stuff or dancing around it. Where is the money? Why can't you tell us? Listen to your buddy Dan here. You think U-S-A-I-D caused a storm? Wait till a military industrial complex. They start asking questions there.


I'm telling you. Bank it, flag it. Producer Jim, we haven't flagged anything in a long time. Flag it right now. Red flags in the chat. You are gonna see even swampy Republicans like, well we need the hang glider 62 for GI Joe, like aerial missions in ca. You're gonna be like, what? Oh, they're factories in your district. Watch that. There we go. Tear it up that chat. Tear it up. We have the best emojis. The only karate man ese red flags everywhere. I love it. We gotta be, when we open the new studio, we'll even do even more. You gotta see the studio by the way.


Amazing. Absolutely amazing. We're gonna do an audience show. It's opening soon. Everyone hat tip Paula. Paula did an amazing job in the design. Guys, how does the studio look? It's pretty awesome. It's pretty freaking awesome. We're opening. You guys are gonna see it too. So, alright, let me, let me take a quick break here. When I get get back on this, we're gonna go into our, what was I? Thanks. Wait, one more time. Thanks. That poor guy we've never heard from him again after we outed him on the show is a moron. The next segment's gonna be important.


I'm gonna document for you quickly. The judicial warfare going on around the country and I have a proposal, granted, I mean it hyperbolically, but it's meant to accentuate a point about the liberals defending these judges right now who are clearly acting as legislators and executives and not judges at all. I'm gonna ask him a simple question. If Trump were to do X, would you be happy with it?


Hey, one of my favorite traditions is choosing New Year's resolutions. We all get the opportunity, start the year fresh set goals, tackle new challenges this new year. I encourage you to learn something new with Hillsdale College. They have more than 40 free online courses, more than 40 40 free online courses. Learn about the works of CS Lewis stories and Genesis, the meaning of the US Constitution, the rise and fall of the Roman Republic, or the history of the ancient Christian Church with Hillsdale colleges free online courses. They're really incredible. I've been enjoying lately American heritage. It examines the history of America from the colonial era to the present, including the major challenges to the founder's principles and great controversies in America's history, including the current crisis of progressivism. They, they have centered around the meaning of those basic foundational principles. These courses are self-paced. You can start whenever and wherever you like. So go today to hillsdale.edu/dan and enroll. There's no cost. It's easy to get started and you'll get smarter by the day. You'll become a better debater too. That's hillsdale.edu/dan to enroll for free. hillsdale.edu/dan courses are great. Check 'em out. The Roman Republic ones fantastic too.


And last blackout coffee, Ladies and gentlemen, time to start your day with a piping hot cup of the official Coffee of the Bongino Army Blackout Coffee. It's an active supporter of hardworking Americans who see work as their duty. The flavors are amazing. They got this blueberry crumble, this dark chocolate, cinnamon french toast. They're espressos incredible. The regular coffee's amazing. Why? Because they're premium beans. They're not these lower grade crap beans that these other places shoved down to your throat. It's horrible at other stuff. This is the real deal. It is a bold, never bitter coffee using premium beans and personally recommend it. The folks at Blackout Coffee ship within 48 hours of roasting. So do me a favor, tastes amazing. Go to blackout coffee.com/bonino and see what I'm talking about. Again, this is the real deal. It's time to quit drinking that woke crap Coffee every morning. Drink blackout coffee. Go to blackout coffee.com/bonino or use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. Make the switch to blackout coffee. You'll thank me later for it. It's fantastic. Thanks. Blackout coffee.


All right. Back to the show. Judicial Warfare, Ladies and gentlemen is going on right now. This is not new. Listen man, everybody knew this was coming. It's not a good thing. It's a horrible thing, but it's not a surprise. Okay? You go to a a Freddy Krueger movie, you know there's gonna be a Wolverine like Razorblade slicing up some young kids who fall asleep. It's a horrible thing even in the movies. But you knew what you were getting into when we won. I told you prior to the inauguration of Donald Trump, I told you prior to the election, if we win, the Democrats will impeach Donald Trump. Al Green's already trying. They're talking about impeaching Elon Musk now, which is freaking insanity.


And I told you they would be in the courts if Donald Trump clipped his fingernails. They'd be like, he's not authorized to do that. They're doing it. It sucks, period. However, there is a bright side to this. The bright side is a small one, but they're gonna sue a thousand times. I think we could win 850 to 900 of them. They'll probably sue more. It is going to reestablish the power of the executive that the Constitution and the founding fathers intended. And then they're gonna have to deal with and empowered Donald Trump for three and a half more years or maybe three after these court cases resolve. They are, and they're wasting a ton of time on every little ding defending the indefensible.


Here's just a, a brief update about what happened just in the last few days. They are working overtime to make sure this government gravy train continues. They're shopping, they're doing this judge shopping thing. Folks you know about this. Here is Elon Musk who now goes by Harry Bza. Some of you'll get that, by the way, Harry Bza. It's kind of like, by the way, the mc groin crew out there. I would be disappointed if you can hold on, keep that on the screen. If there is not a big balls groin yet, there is. Oh, if there isn't, forget it.


The groins. We are gonna have to divorce. I'm sorry, is there a big balls groin? Someone please point it out in the chat, Katie. 'cause if there isn't there better be one quick. Anita's not here today, speak. The truth is out there. But you got, there's gotta be a big balls of McGrath. So we've got Harry Balls. Harry Balls, otherwise known as Elon Musk. He's, you know what's crazy? I'm not messing with you guys. I asked you for a second, even though they told me this. Got a little confused there. I'm like, who the hell's Harry balls? Even though before the show, I'm like, dude, I just wanna warn you, Elon, change this thing. I read. Cut it this morning. You recut it this way. There you go. Good job Justin. So Harry Balls, Elon Musk is like, they're judge shopping. You know what judge shopping is?


Judge shopping folks is when you go and sue in a regional area of the country that has a large majority of Democrat appointed judges on the bench. It's really simple. Where would you go? You go to New York and the West coast, they're not going to sue in Florida courts. They go up to the northeast. That's why you keep hearing like Massachusetts Judge Rhode Island Judge. Not only that, the appeals courts are also stacked with Democrats. So this is what they're doing. This is why Clarence Thomas has been speaking out about the national restraining orders. How a judge in New York can give a restraining order for a congressional district in Wyoming is ridiculous.


Clarence Thomas been warning about this forever. This a muse on Twitter is talking about this law fair too. How this Obama appointed judge threatened Trump and his team with arrest if they don't restore every dime of funding that had been paused or canceled. Folks, my recommendation is Donald Trump should ignore this. This judge is obviously not acting constitutionally at all. It should be ignored. Demand it resuming all, but you can't order the executive to spend. I mean, you effectively usurped the power of the executive. Now, before I get to the next, I'm gonna play you a video by crazy big balls. MCG is here. Big balls. I knew we had one, I knew it.


I was thinking about this on the Monday show. I'm like, we better have a big balls of groin or the groin. Army's losing their influence, man. Thank you you guys. I lo, I knew the groins would be there. I knew you guys and ladies are the best. That's fantastic. Folks. Threatening with arrest. Who's gonna arrest them? The marshals. You guys know who the US Marshals work for? Department of Justice. That is under the, oh yeah, executive branch. Donald Trump's gonna order his own arrest at his team. This is ridiculous. This is ridiculous. Here's my suggestion before I play this video. Again, I'm speaking hyperbolically obviously, but it's meant to accentuate a point. We are a constitutional republic.


This judge is clearly making up powers. He does not have, he does not have power to demand the President spend money. I mean, what if, let me give you an example of what I mean quick, sorry, but this is so important. The President finds a fraudulent payment to a terrorist group planning an attack on the United States. Can a judge order that payment be made? Of course not. Dan, what's the difference? There's no difference. Donald Trump's the executive. He says, we have a problem in the executive branch. Hold on to these payments. The judge can't order these. He's just making it up. So here's my suggestion.


If liberals are okay with judges making up constitutional powers, are they okay with Donald Trump fabricating executive powers? How about this? How about Donald Trump in the east room of the White House sets up a courtroom. Like remember the Batman movies? Scarecrow has the courtroom or was it the Bain one with the, it was at the dark Niton, whatever. That's what we need to do. We need to set up a courtroom. Donald Trump can sit there. He can even wear like the wigs they wear in the, in the UK court system and he can just start making judicial decisions. The he can't do that, bro. The judge can't do it either. What's the difference? If the judge is the executive, why can't the executive be the judge?


Ask your stupid liberal friends that this is clearly a made up fabricated power. So you're telling me Joe Biden, despite being told by the Supreme Court, you cannot pay off student loans with taxpayer money without congressional authorization. Joe Biden says, middle finger, bro, I'll do what I want that that's okay. But Donald Trump's saying, don't spend money because we have a problem that's not okay. Just to be clear, here is Democrat communist Norm Eisen. I really can't stand this guy. You wanna look at, just go and research major Democrat scandals of the last few years and you'll see the attachment to the legal law fair space, and people like Norm Eisen.


Here is Norm een, deep state hack bragging on M-S-N-B-C about basically burning the Constitution and using lawfare to stop Donald Trump from cleaning up any aspect of government, putting the Democrats in a big dilemma. Check this out. A Shock and awe assault on the foundations of our democracy with all of these unconstitutional and illegal actions and a responding shock and awe by my group and our allies and many others going to court and securing these orders, stopping them. I won orders last week, the very first case locking Mr.


Musk out of the Treasury Department. He has no right to look at that data tying the hands of the president, the Attorney General, and others who want docs reveal the identity of 6,000 FBI agents. They don't have any legal right to do that under the Privacy Act and otherwise, we're in court this morning arguing that Donald Trump's birthright citizenship, rewriting the constitution. He gets to pick and choose who are citizens of the United States. No, we're in a courtroom right now with our allies fighting that. And we filed a brief on behalf of Anna. This guy is a deep state hack like you've never seen before.


Notice how this guy, again, has no problem, by the way, appears to have no problem with judicial lawfare where people are dragged through the process to ruin their lives. And yet when Donald Trump sees that there may be some partisan bias and he supposedly un partisan or nonpartisan FBI and wants to weed it out, norm Eisen goes crazy doc. And he uses all the keywords, doxing, illegal access to our data. He's making all of this up, folks. They are going to die on this hill. And Norm Eisen is too freaking stupid to understand the corner he's in.


He is never ever going to win this argument. He is living in the era of Walter Cronkite where they think they own the narrative. You here's a perfect Batman analogy. Now remember Bane in that scene, do you feel like you are in charge? Oh, he puts his hand palm up on the guy's shoulder. Do you feel like you are in charge? Norm buddy, you can sue all you want Daddy o you may win one outta 10, but as rock him, soum continues. You win one outta 10, we do 20 more executive orders. You win two outta 20, we do 30 more executive orders.


You do, you win three outta 30. We do 50 more executive orders. We've got the house, we've got the Senate, and we do at least have a small advantage on the Supreme Court. We don't need to win 'em all. You never hear, you know, you don't need to outrun the bear. I just need to outrun Michael norm's too stupid to figure this out. Instead of marshaling their forces right now, the Democrats getting their donors together, their email list, their activist base and selectively picking fights, they think they can win. They're doing this shotgun birdshot approach, which is making them look chaotic. It's wasting assets.


They're gonna lose most of them and they're going to empower Donald Trump moving forward to reestablish the executive branch. It's gonna be probably the biggest backfire of the presidency for them. Here's another one. Kyle Becker on Twitter, another judge who's under the delusion. The American people elected and president Judge Kenneth Gonzalez, appointed by Obama, big shocker, has told the president of the United States that he can't deport Venezuelan gang members to gibo. Oops, this isn't funny. It's, it's, it's just like that. This judge thinks in the end he's gonna win this.


You are going to lose. You're going. It's another temporary restraining order by the way, you're going to lose these judges. You can tell right away by who appointed them probably 90% of the time what they're gonna do. The law is meaningless to these people. Venezuelan gang members in the country illegally gang members. No, no, you gotta keep 'em here so they can what? Rape and terrorize and kill people. For real. This is the hill you guys wanna die on. You sure these are not serious people. Ju you throwing a judge in front of your name means absolutely nothing.


If the presidency means nothing, this low level judge means absolutely nothing. I'm telling you, potus, president Trump should set up a little court in the Easter room of the White House. He should if, if this is where we are now, the executive's not the executive. The courts are the executive. Well, the executive should just do what they're doing. Of course, the Foing folks is gonna continue. I told you this, the way to defeat this stuff is they wanna sue, they're the ones spending the money or the time. No, we're donating our time. It doesn't matter. You can only be in one courtroom at a time.


They wanna sue 10 on 10 executive orders issue a hundred more. We win. You lose on numbers. So here's our what I'm hoping to make a daily fo segment. The Democrats FA, they fd around. Now they're finding out and every single day they're finding out more. Here's a good one. I haven't, I didn't cover this yesterday. I'm sorry. I know a lot of you asked. Give him my, obviously my prior line of work. President Trump ordered the Secret Service to give him every bit of information about the two assassination attempts against him. Folks, I told you a long time ago, it's now being reported by Axios and others and Susan Crabtree, the Iranian threat via drone to President Trump was real.


I gotta tell you something, I usually care about feedback on this a lot. I don't, I, the sources I have on this are, I'm just gonna leave it at the they're, they're unimpeachable. The Iranian threat against Trump was real. The drone threat was real. President Trump does not wanna die. Now I will say this, he's ordering the secret service to give him every bit of information. The Secret Service has this thing so you understand the mechanics not to bore you to death, but they have a memorandum of understanding with the FBI. The FBI investigates assassination attempts. He needs to order. I'm sure he has, by the way, the FBI to give him the information too.


They cannot tell him no. But the Secret Service will have in their protective intelligence division something about this. He says, no more holding back because of Biden. I'm entitled to know and they've held it long enough. Yes, fess up on the information you're telling me, we don't know anything about these two potential assassins that could have killed him. One guy shot him in the head. Of course they know. Was there an Iran connection or not? There? Maybe there wasn't. Just let the man know. Second unusual Wales tweet, a lot of foing happened. Folks for the left, Donald Trump's asked the DOJ to review firearms rules and regulations drafted by President Biden setting up a likely reversal of many of those policies.


Yes, president Trump and Pam Bondi are on board to determine any ongoing infringements of the Second Amendment. Ladies and gentlemen, if gun control worked, why isn't gun control working? Because it doesn't work. It's not a coincidence that liberal cities with the tightest fake gun control laws 'cause they don't control guns, have the highest crime rates. It's not an accident, folks, good for President Trump. Even more foing happening. So I'm talking about you can sue all you want. We'll just keep it coming. There'll be a tidal wave of foing EOS coming.


The F fo eeo. I like that. Can we do, can we call that the FO eeo? That's what we'll call it. The executive order, the find out executive order. Bill Udin Twitter breaking. The Trump administration is seeking to deputize IRS agents to carry out a legal immigration enforcement with is the yes. You gonna sue about that too? Donald Trump can allocate these people to do whatever he wants. We used to use what we call OTAs into secret service all the time. Other treasury agents, we'd bring them in to supplement us as post standards at sites. What you're telling me, we can't use IRS agents to protect our border?


Good luck, Sue on that one too. Sue away. Let's, let's see what happens. You'll just, you'll just fo some more. We know they're all armed. Yeah, we know they're armed. Good point. Justin. I believe they're 18 elevens. The IRS agents like anyone else, they can get out there. Everybody's gotta help out Folks. Cash Patel, thankfully is closing in hopefully this week, maybe early next week. I hope this week tulsi looks good. Knock on wood. Tulsi looks good. Excellent. RFK looks good, knock on wood. Excellent. I don't count chickens before they hatch a stupid oak cliche, but it matters. You get the point.


Cash looks good too. The Dems are trying to delay. They're writing ridiculous hit pieces that have not gotten any gravity at all. They're floating into the ether. Cash looks good. The Democrats now are freaking out over cash too because they're realizing that the FBI, which is alleged to have leaked some of the the CBP raids to get rid of illegal aliens and criminals in the country. If that's true, cash Patel is gonna get to the bottom of it right away. They know that. Here's Democrat Communist Senator ab Buchar. Notice how they specifically mention cash. They are really worried about losing a politicized FBI to do their dirty work.


Check this Out. And one of the things that we haven't even talked about is that our Republican colleagues have been acquiescing in all of this. I know this, I've seen a few of them stand up from time to time. Maybe they'll stand up to cancer trials being cut, watch for it. Maybe they'll stand up to Cash Patel, which they sure better do as this man who has shown no regard for the truth is about to become head of the FBI unless they stand up for it. Notice how they focus so much on cash. It goes back to the golden rule of the show folks in the chat. What is it? Get on the case there. Yes. Measure the effectiveness of what you're doing by where the Democrats train their fire.


They have been dead set on getting cash out of there because they're afraid that cash is going to make the FBI great again and they don't want it. Cash doesn't want a political FBI either. Does anyone else, the Democrats, do they want this stuff to continue too, folks? The f ING's gonna continue, but it's amazing how little the media is picked up on this extinction burst type behavior against Trump. Did you guys see this Tennessee preacher, this video? You know, it's, it's not highly disturbing, but this really isn't for kids calling for violence here, or at least appears to be calling for violence.


I mean, you can listen to yourself. This is the kind of stuff that, you know, an FBI calling for violence that wasn't political should be investigating. I want you to listen to this. Check this out. And in this nation, I'm worried that we are on the verge of bloodshed. This is a a a a, an attempt to take us back to a day that we do not want to go and we will not go. Therefore, there will be conflict. I pray that the peace of God will win out and overcome the madness that is attempting to take over this nation. And I'll say to you, beloved, no one likes violence, but sometimes violence is necessary.


When Elon Musk forces his way into the United States Treasury and threatens to steal your personal information and your social security check, there is the possibility of violence. Sometimes the devil will act so ugly that you have no other choice but to get violent and fight. Can you imagine Father Marty and Holy Redeemer talking about that with a Democrat? The Democrat? Oh, oh my gosh, the Biden FBI be the, the church should be shut down. They'd burn it to the ground. By the way, Elon, you know, listen, you don't have to listen to me, but I would consider legal action against this guy.


Elon Musk is threatening to steal your data. Are you sure you can defend that in court? You sure about that? I hate lawsuits, man. I'm not a litigious guy. But once in a while, you're forced into a corner. What else are you gonna do? If I were Elon, I would strongly consider that. Where's the FBI on that? Listen to his own words, man. You don't have to listen to me. Listen to what he said. We're happy to make you famous today or infamous. Now, I haven't done it in a couple days, but it's important. Ladies and gentlemen. We cannot forget the economy. We've Got a lot going on. But the bottom line is one of the biggest issues that got Donald Trump elected was Joe Biden's.


Absolute crap. Management of the economy, garbage, inflation and all this other stuff, folks, government spending is the problem. Hat tip Elon, who put this out, we've been using Milton Friedman videos for a long time, but I don't have the platform Elon does. If you don't know who Milton Friedman is, God rest his soul. You are missing out on one of the greatest economic minds in the last 200 years. And a guy who can articulate economics better than anyone. This is only about 20 seconds, but I want you to keep this in mind as these new CBO reports are coming out about how bad our budget deficit is for the Democrats. Like we don't need to cut a million here, a million. No, we need to cut trillions. Trillions, yes.


That's how bad it is. Government spending is all that matters. It's all that matters. That is your tax rate. Listen to Friedman explain it. As I said before, keep your eye on one thing and one thing only. How much government is spending, because that's the true tax. Every budget is balanced. There is no such thing as an unbalanced federal budget. You are paying for it. If you're not paying for it through it in the, in the form of explicit taxes. You're paying for it indirectly in the form of inflation or in the form of borrow. The thing you should keep your eye on is what government spends.


And the real problem is to hold down government spending as a fraction of our income. And if you do that, you can stop worrying about the debt. Folks, Milton Friedman, we have played clips like this from him hundreds of times. Friedman says it right. There is no such thing as a debt, as a debt that's unpaid government or anything else. Either the debtor or the creditor pays it. I lend Michael money and he doesn't pay me back. The debt was paid by me. Michael pays it back. He paid the debt. The government borrows money to spend. Where do you think it's getting the money from? It's printing it. Well, what does printing money do?


Creates more money. Which does what? Creates inflation. Because more money is chasing the same products which can charge more money because there's more money. It's not hard. This is easy stuff to figure out. Inflation is high and has been high because the government is spending too much money and printing it. Either way, you are paying daddio and in case you think we have a taxing problem, let me go to the CBO for you Dipshit Democrats out there, too stupid to figure this out. The CBO is your government entity, congressional budget office.


So if you're telling us government is great, and if the CBO is lying, then government isn't great. CBO report came out yesterday. Notice the taxes, revenues were up $11 billion. They were 1% higher. Wow. So that must mean the debt went down. No, the debt went up by 317 billion. Wait, so you mean taxes aren't the problem because they keep going higher. We're just spending more. Yes. That sounds like spending is a problem. Yes, but I'm a liberal. You are a moron. Yes. It doesn't matter what we tax. The government just spends more.


You understand now why you're freaking out, why you're freaking out about this. By the way, here's a quick video of the Biden Jobs report. The last one from the Biden era that just came out, it covers the last three months of the Biden era. All had to be revised down. Listen to the great Peter St. An about just how crappy this Biden economy was. Check this out. Joe Biden's final job report is out and it's a doozy, a veritable orgy love revisions kicking off with a massive Bureau of Labor statistics revision that wiped out 589,000 imaginary jobs. The Biden administration had been propping up until the election every single month of 2024 was revised down.


And keep in mind, this is not the whole story. The Philly Fed thinks there's another 800,000 fake jobs lurking in the sweet nothings of Biden's finest government statisticians. Folks, however bad you thought the Biden economy was. Yes, it's worse. It is worse. The job numbers were faked, the budget deficits were unprecedented. The printing of money was unprecedented. What I'm getting at is listen to me please. This is really important. I need you to be patient with President Trump and the economic team. I know it's hard 'cause there's a lot going on.


He's doing a lot right now. Forget the chewing gum and walking at the same time. He's chewing gum, hitting fastballs, shooting free throws, and walking at the same time. I need you to be patient. This mess is not gonna be cleaned up in a day. It is gonna take some massive cutting of government in the trillions. It is gonna take reform of entitlement programs no other way. We're gonna have to get the fraud out of it and we're gonna have to get grounded in some sound economic accounting principles. Again, and we are gonna go bankrupt. They can do it, but it's gonna take time. I know I gotta can. We don't. Jasmine Crocker, we gotta get to that tomorrow. Especially now that Jim has the dumbest member of Congress pull up.


Going soon. Again. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for tuning in. Really appreciate it. A hundred and what? 63,000 we had today. Thank you. Number one yesterday, live stream. We appreciate it. Love you guys. Hey man, it's a meritocracy, right? I love the Buno Army. Your loyalty. I appreciate it. Thank you so much. Do me one favor, download the Rumble app. We had an amazing week. The White House started its Rumble account. It's rumble.com/white House. Check that out. We are rumble.com/bonino. Rumble is free for you to watch. Check it out anytime. Download the Rumble app. Please give us a follow while you're there. And if you wouldn't mind, go to Apple Podcasts and Spotify as well. Look up The Dan Bongino Show. Give us a follow on those platforms. We deeply appreciate it. See you on the radio show here in Rumble in just a few minutes, and back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM See you then.


You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.