
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. I did it folks. I did it three minutes at 45 degrees this morning. My, my battle with the cold plunge continues, came out red like a lobster Again, everything just like, if you know what I mean. But man, do you feel good? That's why the shows have been electric these last few days. That thing is amazing. I needed it because there is a massive show coming today. Breaking news just now about the Secret Service scandal, the DNC last night. I promise I'm gonna give you an objective take.


And then another part of the Secret Service scandal. Yesterday, Trump just found out on the air about a threat. But I. I gotta tell you the real story behind that, okay? 'cause I think this is honesty matters. Okay, By the way What today is Anita's birthday? Today's Whose birthday Anita. Yeah. Really? Yeah. No way. Happy birthday. Look at you. Happy 21st. That's great to know. I, I didn't know that the Queen of the Queen Anita. Look at that. We should have had a little like, celebration for her. you know, I'd sing, but my voice is terrible as you know. We should, Jim, for the radio show. Can you get the Joe Biden? Happy birthday. Ready? Happy birthday. Can you get that Ready for Anita?


Everybody tune in later. Joe Biden sings Anita. Happy birthday Jim. Make sure you get that ready.


Hey, you've heard me rave about Beam Dream Powder every week. So Go, get it now. We're offering the largest discounts at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino I. got that.


And then something I noticed last night about the convention. A good part and a bad part.


Hey, before Birch Gold, I didn't endorse any gold company. I really think there was a need to buy gold and recommend it at all. Changed the inflation skyrocketing national debt, global chaos, more money printing the election coming up. All the ramifications I told you about. I've been buying gold from birch gold now for some time. It gives me peace of mind, knowing if the bottom falls out of our economy, I have something of value to fall back on. If you want that same peace of mind, you can help protect your savings by diversifying the physical gold coins or bars from Birch Gold, B-I-R-C-H. They ship it fully insured directly to your home. You already have home and auto insurance. Consider adding financial insurance with an investment in gold. To get started, just text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. That's my first name, obviously, to get a free info kit on how it works, moving some of your savings of gold. It's one of the best things you can do to provide real financial security for your family. In case you need a text, Dan, to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rates apply.


All right fellas, let's go. Okay, so just quickly, right before we came on the air today, breaking news now, five secret service agents have been put on administrative leave after the Butler County, Pennsylvania murder and assassination site happened. Folks, the first question a lot of you in the chat are probably asking is, what, what the hell took so long? Holy Moses, man, your job was to protect this guy and keep alive. He got shot in the head. A a month later, people are finally put on leave. Guys, you know, having been a police officer before being in the Secret Service, it was NYPD then Secret Service.


I've seen how law enforcement is handled from two different perspectives. I'm not telling you the NYPD doesn't screw stuff up. My gosh, they screw up a lot of stuff. The management over there, the cops are great. I love you. However, when you get in a shooting on the job, even if you are not at fault at all, it's what we call A-A-A-A-A-A justifiable use of force, right? Guy pulls a gun, shoots a few people, you take 'em out, justifiable use of force, you are still put on leave. What the hell were these agents still working for? If one of them was incapable of doing the site securely enough, the site agent so that Donald Trump wouldn't get shot in the head, and Corey comparator wouldn't get murdered, and two other people wouldn't get shot, why were they still on protection?


Now, apparently one of 'em is from the Donald Trump detail. I will bet that's 'cause of pressure from yesterday's show in Susan Crabtree's article before it was just the Pittsburgh office. But I'm gonna ask you a question, folks. I'm not letting this go. And we'll be discussing this Monday during the special podcast. Anita and everyone get the word out. Monday, two hour special podcast, 10:00 AM eastern to noon up in DC Chip Roy, Andy Biggs, Corey Mills, Matt Gaetz, all the ringers on my show. We're gonna be getting all of this And I want this question answered. If the guy running the secret service Now, Ron Rowe, the director who got a promotion out of this, we now know from multiple whistleblowers, he was the guy who stopped certain security assets from being used with the Donald Trump detail.


That decision alone led to what happened. How is he not? How's he still have a job? Everybody else is on leave, but him. Folks, this is total bullshit. This is total bullshit. By, the way I know the sack of the Pittsburgh Field office. He's a good guy. I don't let my personal relationships get involved here. And I won't. I've known him for a long time, but someone's gotta be held responsible. But how the hell do you suspend this guy or put him on administrative leave? And the directors still would not only it gets a promotion despite making the decisions that led to this. Folks, it's freaking obscene.


It is typical of how the government works. 'cause they answer to no one. Oh, they answer to taxpayers, not the bureaucracy. They do whatever the hell they want. Absolutely disgraceful. I've got a couple other things to talk about, about, I'm gonna get to in a second. Yesterday there was a big, big incident that happened. A guy, he was arrested. He was apparently a threat. I'm gonna explain to you how this really works and why. Just stay tuned. But, I. Wanna get to last night Quick. The DNC Let me give you the bluff, the bottom line up front. Okay, last night again was not terrible. I, I I, folks, I get it.


I'm trying to view this. Here's what I don't want. This is my biggest fear. And, I need you to understand. Please, please, I'm begging you do not do to them what they do to us. Where they underestimate us. And. we constantly sneak up on them and kick 'em in the political nuts, okay? Trump has no chance of winning. Trump won. Don't do it because then you'll be surprised and you'll get kicked in the nuts you have, you've got to look at this objectively or you're never gonna know how to respond. Monday was a disaster. Tuesday with the Obamas a lot better. Wednesday, a total disaster. Clinton was a mess. Tim Walls was all over the place.


The, the Gino Raimondo, the Commerce secretary didn't even know what the bbl s was. The jobs numbers revision downward came out last night. Kamala Harris spoke. She only spoke for 37 minutes. The speech wasn't terrible. If you are a Democrat, of course we know she was bullshitting and lying, and I'm gonna get to that, but it wasn't terrible. One of the reasons too, that they're gonna get a big audience out of this, and believe me, they're gonna be advertising this. Watch. When the ratings come out today, they're gonna be like, Kamala Harris. Speech blows. Donald Trump's outta the water. It's all a scam. you know why the Democrats, what did we say yesterday? Lie to you about everything.


No, no. Everything, everything's a lie. The pp hoax, the jobs numbers, the quid pro quo phone call. Everything's a lie. The Charlottesville hoax, everything is a lie. So all day yesterday to make sure Kamala Harris wasn't speaking in front of an empty crowd, because don don't think about many people were looking forward to this, and they were afraid. I think people were gonna bail to make sure she had a packed audience. And it looked like Hopi Changey again all day. Did you hear this? Avita texted me, Michael yesterday, me and Paula were sitting in the sauna. She's like, Dan, I hear Taylor Swift is gonna be there. I said, I responded.


LOL. Like I heard this. I knew it was bullshit. I didn't wanna say anything. But I shouldn't say I knew. I mean, no one like said he should say But I. I had a feeling they were smoking everyone up. They were like Taylor Swift, Beyonce. Why did they do that? Why didn't the Harris campaign just come out and say, Hey, with due respect to these two entertainers, we love them. But that's a, because they knew they would have no audience. So all day they teased it. Here's what is it, CNA and even a minute. The whole thing was bullshit. Check this out. Fucking Anticipation here and elsewhere that there may be a special guest. I am told by Democrats that Kamala Harris was their guest. They did not want a celebrity at the end of this convention to essentially compete with her.


One Cedar advisor telling me, this is a deadly serious election. Oh, nonsense. Ladies and gentlemen. This was absolutely 100% intentional. Who loves Taylor Swift and Beyonce? Young people. Michael just said it. Avita stayed up watching it. She covered on her show and all that stuff waiting for this to happen because it would be newsworthy. That was the scam. That's exactly what they wanted. Folks they knew the entire time. They knew the entire time. When I was at the RNC, there was a room I I had, I had heard about Kid Rock and Hulk Hogan. I, if you go back and watch the show, you'll see in advance, I was talking to Laura Trump.


And, I say, I heard about some people I had also heard about maybe Elon. But then Elon put out a thing. No, we're not, we're not speaking there tonight. Why didn't Taylor Swift and Beyonce do the same thing? Because there's all a scam. Everything they do is bullshit. Everything. Here's Kamala Harris last night. They've still got this problem, folks. She cannot run on what they actually did for the last four years. So she's running on hope and change, but she can never tell you hope and change from what? Change from her. They can't, they, they don't know what to do. So they've settled on a message. This was, I'm not gonna, I'm, I'm playing you one short clip.


That's it. Because the 37 minutes, there was no policy to talk about. It was all bullshit, all, oh look, I'm one of you. She's not one of you. She's, she's never had an actual job. She's not one of you in her professional adult life. She has never had a real job, ever. She's not one of you. So I'm not gonna waste your time. There's nothing to talk. 'cause she said nothing. Help JJ an opportunity to come. It's all bullshit. Here she is though. They settled on a message. It's not ai, it's what she, they're now gonna blame you. There's a short clip. And I want you to listen to, which she's like, basically all you stupid Americans out there complaining about everything all the time, she doesn't say in those exact words.


But make no mistake, this is gonna be their message going forward because there's nothing else they can say. Hope and change from what? Listen to this. Talking About how terrible everything is. Well, my mother had another lesson she used to teach. Never let anyone tell you who you are. You showed them who you're, You already showed us for the last four years. Gee, can you go to the Wall Street Journal team for the next clip? I know we're little bit at, or she's already showed us, do you believe this bullshit? This is gonna be her message.


Her message is gonna be, you all are complaining about what I did. You crazy people. So now I'm gonna tell you who I really am despite the fact that you already saw who I was and you're complaining about it. You, you just heard it. That's not ai man. That's their message. She's running on Joy, joy here. Ever see Renin Stimpy? Can you see that? Raise it up a little here. You ever see we're gonna keep this up here today maybe in honor. Here we go. There's Stimson, j Kat and Ren ho there.


This is what they're running on. They're running on the Renin Stimpy agenda. Happy, happy, joy, joy, joy. Because they can't tell you what joy means. Inflation open here, happy, happy, joy, joy, joy. What the hell aren't enough of these two? What else are they gonna run on? What? What is joy? Runaway inflation, fake jobs, numbers, open borders, chaos in the streets. What the hell is joy? The answer is it's nothing. Because when you start digging into what joy meant and Kamala Harris, I, my mother said, you tell them who you are.


This is who she is. Wall Street Journal. I heard Richard Fowler, one of the dumbest guys on tv. I mean I've never seen a guy who thinks he's the smartest guy in the room say so much dumb stuff. I hear him on Fox this morning. Well it's not like the he, this was his actual defense. Not verbatim, but you can watch it yourself. You think I'm making this up. He's debating Will Cain and of course Will just destroys him. And he's like, well Richard, like Kamala's been the vice president for three years. And his defense is like, well Kamala can't actually do anything. They literally ran on that. Kamala was the last person in the room before Biden does anything.


She is also the president of the Senate. Granted, typically that doesn't mean anything, but when you have 50 50 or 51 49, which most of the time they had and you're issuing tie breaking votes all the time, being the president of the Senate is probably the second most powerful position in government. Does Fowler not know this? Why are these people so stupid? Kamala Harris single handedly changed the American economy for the worse with her exact vote. Her not Biden's, hers, Casey Mulligan, wall Street Journal always receipts folks every freaking day with receipts.


Much of America's inflation since 2020 has resulted from one word, yay. That's what Vice President Harris said Twice breaking Senate ties to advance the American rescue plan. That was the Ulus bill and the Inflation production Act of 2022. These laws didn't reduce inflation, they caused it. Again, Richard, I know playing dumb is kind of like your drill But Don don't get this. So Fowler's thing is Kamala Harris is impotent and stupid. And even though she's the last person in the room and is the pre president of a 50 50 Senate at one point, right?


Her, just to be clear, his stake is she's still too stupid to do anything. This you, they can't run on anything Happy. Happy Is what they're running on freaking morons. And people are gonna believe this folks, every they have, they have not put a single thing of substance out there asterisk. And the things they have put out there, they're already running away from.


They put one economic proposal out there. I've seen the economic proposal they put out there was a massive tax hike accompanied by price controls. And then when even left wingers started pointing out that price controls are a communist tactic that have led to starvation and shortages. 'cause if companies can't make money, they don't produce anything. Kamala Harris's team ran away from it saying, no, no not really. Price controls just like emergency price gouging like they do in states, which is not what they originally said. How bad is this for them? They'll get a slight, slight bump after last night.


They will. The speech for Democrats was not terrible. Why? Because Democrats love to be lied to. They just do. Everything these people say is bullshit. And Kamala Harris effectively lied, but they're gonna have a problem going forward. Their best day was yesterday. I promise you their best day was yesterday. Kamala Harris is as awful a candidate as you think with an even worse record than you think. Here's a CNN panel saying exactly that. Like, hey man, they were kind light on any like specifics and stuff like that. That's over. Now check this out. She wasn't clear enough on the on the policies. She did speak a lot of her personal history on her personal history, which was great.


But I, I still don't feel like she's ready. I feel like more so she should wait. I don't want to per se vote for someone that is a backup. Alright Folks. Oh Dan, you know you shouldn't be playing Fox news panels. What Republican voters? Like that's not, that's a CNN panel. I have no idea what that guy's party is. No idea at all. I can tell you right now if you're listening on audio, he happens to be black, which I don't give a rat's ass about.


But Democrats are obsessed with and Democrats keep telling us that they've got a monopoly over black voters. Not that gentleman. He seems pretty smart. He seems pretty smart. He seems to see right through all this bullshit. So I'm not buying the liberal bullshit argument that we should treat black people like freaking robots who can't think for themselves. You wanna be a racist pig slob and say, ah, you know what Hispanics and blacks, they all think alike. You then you're in the Democrat party 'cause you're not in my party. 'cause we treat people like individuals and maybe that's why that guy's like you know it's Republicans talk to me like I'm a human being. Like I'm not really buying this Kamala Harris. She hasn't actually said anything.


Maybe you treating black voters like robots is starting to work against you folks. The convention overall, if I'm a Democrat, which I'm not, they're trying to view it objectively. I give them a B, I give a B. If you're a, obviously if you're a sane person, it's an F. But I'm just telling you, if you're a Democrat that likes being lied to, you're a die hard. Not that guy. But you're a die hard Democrat who likes being lied to last time was perfect. The you status quo. More inflation, more open borders, more crime. All of it. All right, I'm gonna take a quick break and I'm gonna, I'm gonna help you out a lot here.


You know, I've been hard on the Secret service, but something happened yesterday. And I, I give, I have to give you some perspective and sorry folks, but I'm not gonna take any lectures on this unless you've done it yourself. Is what happened yesterday is not unusual. Maybe it should be after he got shot in the head granted and I'm just telling you how it's been done in the past. Maybe they should change that quick break.


You're having trouble sleeping or staying asleep. Listen, I've been there a lot. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. Just look it up and do your research. Sleep takes a terrible, the lack of sleep takes a terrible toll. Your glucose metabolism, your wellbeing, it's really bad for you. There's hope on the horizon. You got Beams Dream powder. It's been a game changer for me. When you're sleeping well, you're sharper, you're ready to tackle the day. Today my listeners get a special discount on Beams Dream Powder. It's their science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleep has never tasted better. These other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend. It has Reishi magnesium, L-theanine, apigenin and melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep. It's important and wake up refreshed. You wanna try it? Beams bestselling Dream powders now offering Bongino listeners an exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and Use code bonino at checkout. Beam is BEAM. That's shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off. Get yourself a good night's sleep. Check it out.


Okay, back to the show ladies and gentlemen, I only owe you the truth. And as I say all the time, the truth doesn't have an agenda, it's just the truth. People have agendas. I have an agenda. My agenda is conservatism and sometimes conservatism, you know, people speak the truth about it, sometimes they don't. However, this happened yesterday. So Donald Trump was down at the border visiting an area. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris will likely never see in their entire lives as they run away from the border and allow the invasion to continue and pretend it's not happening. And they run on joy. Happy, happy judge. This is their whole thing. This is their, they will never tell you anything about anything of substance.


Happy. Happy, joy, joy. Happy, happy. Joy, joy, happy joy Is that their campaign is, that's the DNC, that's the whole thank you guys. That's the whole DNC right there. That's the entire D. If you were smoking weed watching it, it was even a thousand times bad. Don't do drugs. Drugs are bad. Do not do drugs. I'm just saying, if you're a Democrat and you were smoking weed, watch that. It was probably the greatest convention ever. Don't you think fellas? It was like, yeah, you're like sp from fast times at Richmont High, you're like, bro, this is great bro. What? What's great?


What? What's great? Can you explain to me what they're going to do at the border? What their exact p bro? Joy, baby, happy, happy, joy. Joy, can you explain to me what they're gonna do about marginal tax rates and their effect on productivity and investment, especially capital investment in the United States? you know, wholesale costs are, bro, that sounds racist, bro. He's right, bro. No, first it's joy. That's joy, bro. But that's definitely racist that you asked the question. That's it. This is their whole policy. This is their whole policy. Here was Trump yesterday. So he is at the border and this threat comes over from this individual, Ronald sva, who well is alleged to have made threats against Donald Trump.


And let me just play the clip and, and here they're asking like, Hey man, you're basically out here in the open. You've got this guy running around that law enforcement's saying is a serious threat to you. How do you feel about it? And Donald Trump said this, check this out. Hey, there was a manhunt going on in this county. Somebody made death threats to you. Did you hear about that before coming? And what are your thoughts coming down here? Some people told me it's dangerous for you to be here. I've heard it's dangerous. But I also have a job to do. I heard it's very dangerous. I haven't heard about that. They probably want to keep it from me. Thank you for telling me. Let's get outta here right now. Number one, Donald Trump, again is the king of the soundbite.


don, don't wanna get off track here. But, I can't tell you enough snapshots and soundbites. Donald Trump is just a natural in front of the camera because he's been there his whole life. He's the only guy I know, fellas, tell me if I'm wrong, especially you, gee. 'cause you're, you know, you could be a harsh judge of stuff. The guy got shot in the head a month ago. No, I mean he actually got shot in the head, clipped his ear. I mean, didn't like take his, but he was shot in the head. No one wants to try that, correct? Eh, just clip my ear. 5, 5, 6 round, traveling at thousands of feet per second. He was shot in the head. It's a month. It's not. 10 years later, he not only is out in public, again, totally exposed in the open, but he's joking about it and everybody's laughing with him.


Gee, can anybody else do that like that? Seriously? No, no, folks, this guy's just doing good. He's j he's, he's just, you may not like some of his speeches. I get it. Some of I understand. There is nobody better at the back and forth than this guy. He's laughing about this. It's amazing. And there's a guy out there who, again, according to law enforcement, is a serious threat to his life. And nobody knew where he is. Been locked up. Now, And, we can dump that tweet next to this. I put, I sent it yesterday, but they were looking for this guy in Coachee's County. They found him. Okay, I got this from a lot of people. If this segment makes you mad, I'm sorry, but again, I owe you the truth.


Lemme just get it out there folks. This is not uncommon at all. I did this for 12 years. When I say it's not uncommon, a bunch of people sent me that clip. Friends of mine too. And, I, love you. Thank you for sending, I don't expect you to know how the Secret Service works like this, but they were like, this is an unbelievable failure. How do you not tell Donald Trump? I'm not telling you they shouldn't have. Period. Okay? End. End of that statement. Given everything that happened to 'em. Yes, they probably should have. They probably should have told him. I'm just telling you, in the past, I've done advances a lot of 'em. I mean, a lot, a lot. Hundreds lead advances, foreign advances advance in a war zone in Afghanistan.


And folks, we rarely tell the president about a threat. Rarely, unless there's something imminent and and there's a reason for it. It's, it's, you're not gonna like it. And I. That's why I was hesitant to do this. But I owe you the truth. The reason is the President, Democrat, or Republicans not a partisan thing. He's got a thousand things on his plate. If you were ever on a trip with the president, I mean in the bubble, you have no idea how many people are up. This guy's caboose every can you do this? You do that. Everyone from the Chief of staff to the Mill Aid, you gotta go say hello to this guy. You're gonna pin a purple heart on that guy. This is the ambassador's name's Joey Bagga Donuts. You're gonna do this. This is that law enforcement officer who died.


This is the mom. The name is Antoinette or something. There's you don't go Mr. President. There's a guy who who wants to kill you. I'm gonna tell you why you don't do it again. I'm gonna read the chat in a second. 'cause I wanna see your thoughts. One of the reasons they don't do it is because the President's first question every time is gonna be like, well, am I like gonna die now? No. Okay, so why are you telling me this? There are thousands of people across the country. This is not a secret. I'm not letting out that the Secret Service monitoring for threatening these people thousands in every district, they use a system to grade people for the level of threat.


Thousands of these exist in New York. Alone is probably a file like this. Imagine sitting down with the president going, this guy, this guy, this guy, this guy. Now having said that, I'm just telling don't kill the messenger. I'm just telling her they'd done it. Granted, the guy was just shot in the head and is standing out there in the open and the media had already picked up the story. So at this point, yes, it's probably a bit of an F up, if you know what I mean. To not tell the president, Hey, just FYI, in case you see this on the media, we're looking for this guy. We feel like we've got this site locked down.


It happens. The cops are on it a mistake. But I'm not gonna tell you that they tell the president about every single threat. They just don't. Okay, moving on. That's all I had to say about it. They put out Polos and I just owe you the truth. I wanna get to this RFK thing. you know how I know this thing is a hot story? My brother Jim, he's a union electrician up in New York. Shout out to the local three guys who do amazing work, man. My brother Jim, who you know, he's my brother So. we, we talk obviously, but we don't talk all the time because he's an electrician. Like he bust his ass and I'm working on, so I'm like, Hey, hey, hey man, we'll talk in a weekend or whatever. When he texts me about something political, it's serious. He texts me yesterday, dude, what's going on with RFK?


I'm gonna tell you what I think's going on. I'm gonna tell you how I think it changes the race. I'm gonna tell you how I think it helps Trump. Dan, now you're a hypocrite. You said that RFK voters not gonna, yes, that was when Biden was in the race. Things have changed. I think this marginally helps Donald Trump. Quick break, I promise. I'll explain. And I promise you it'll make sense.


Bone Charge is a holistic wellness brand with a huge range of evidence-based products to help optimize your life. Paula loves that red light face mask. She's been noticing some wrinkles and blemishes lately and since Bone Charge sent us the red light face mask to try, she's seen a notable noticeable difference in fine lines and wrinkles. Folks, I'm gonna tell you something. Do you put that thing on at night? The red light stimulates, stimulates that melatonin. Man you have night, night, it's great for your skin, but great for my sleep too. Fine lines, eczema, migraine, scar tissue, and so much more. You just put it on your face. Takes just 10, 20, 20 minutes. A little timer on the switch right there. That's it. Charge it, use it. That's it. Use it while watching tv. Super lightweight doesn't get hot. Plus it comes with a one year warranty. Bone charge has other amazing products. Low blue light bulbs. The blue light glasses, they block blue light at night again, you wanna get a great night's sleep. I put 'em on about 7:00 PM Eastern. I watch TV up in the dark room upstairs in the new house, boom out the infrared sauna blanket, blackout sleep masks. They've got it all. You want good life hack products, this is your site. Bone charge.com slash bonino Use code bonino to save 15%. That's B-O-N-C-H-A-R-G bone charge.com slash bonino. Use coupon code bonino for to save 15% start your life. AE statements of products are not been evaluated by the FDA. Not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition.


And our last sponsor.


You think your skin enjoyed the summer as much as you did? Probably not. Here's Stephanie from Santa Cruz, California. I have skin damage from years in the sun. I love the product. It helps reduce the appearance of the various discolorations. Leaves my skin looking younger, great for my age. Stephanie's raving about what Genu cell skincare ISS dark spot corrector must have. After the record. Heat in the sun, sun spots, brown spots, discoloration, even red and flame patches could all disappear in front of your very eyes. The Genu Cell Skincare guarantees amazing. You'll see results as results of the very first day guaranteed your money back. It's simple. Take advantage of genus cell's. Current most popular package. you know what it includes. It includes the classic genus cell bags and puffiness treatment and immediate effects all at 70% off. So you could try the best skincare in the world for yourself. Completely risk-free. It's simple. Go to genus cell.com/dan today and start looking years, even decades younger tomorrow. G-E-N-U-C l.com/dan as a special gift. Every package order includes the brand new genus. Sell liquid collagen builder free, guaranteed to help improve the appearance of your skin, hair, and nails yours free today. Genus cell.com/dan GNU c.com/dan.


Big announcement. Thanks Jen By the way again. Monday, Anita happy birthday. And remember, make sure you let everybody know Mare Nation, it's your job to spread the word. You guys are the frontline lieutenants and captains in the Bonino Army. Rocking the shirt today. If you want one, you pick it up at the website. All of our proceeds. Head all over to Charity Monday. Monday special. It's gonna be live from DC Cory Mills, Matt Gates, chip Roy, Andy Biggs. You're gonna see all the ringers there gonna be on the podcast two hours. We are gonna break down every single thing to do with this Secret Service. Massive failure. And we're gonna try to get some answers on Monday. Don't miss the show.


It's gonna be, it's gonna be a banger, so don't miss it. Okay? The RFK thing. What's going on with RFK? Everybody's saying there's RFK gonna drop out today. I'm gonna tell you with almost 100% certainty. RFK is not I I, did I not call it? I told you Michelle Obama was not gonna be the nominee. Ding. I told you Joe Biden wasn't gonna be the nominee. Did I not, did I not? That's for you guys. Did I not? Yes, yes. Thank you. Michael I can play the clips, but it would be stupid 'cause I can just say it. And you know, the listeners know they are not gonna finish this race. It's very simple. It's, they just don't have the money. Campaigns cost money. I told you this when I told you Biden was gonna drop out.


What did I tell you? I've been part of so many presidential campaigns when I was a secret service agent. It costs money. You've gotta take planes to go campaign. Forget about ads and everything else. They cost money. You think RF K's coming out of his own pocket, they're running outta money. He's not gonna make it. He ran a spirited campaign. I thought he should have been entitled to speak in the Democrat side. They locked him out. The Democrats gave him the middle finger. And I gotta tell you, the guy ran a spirited campaign. I don't agree with all his policy stances. He is, you know, he definitely leans left if not way left on some stuff. But he ran a decent campaign, but he's not gonna stay in.


Is he gonna drop out today? I can tell you with almost certainty. It looks like it. Okay, is it gonna shake things up? First, let me play this. This was a clip from the other day. This is his running mate, Nicole Shanahan, who, you know, they, they, they did a decent job. Here she is the other day on a podcast talking about a potential unity agenda. Big question I think is, are they gonna endorse Donald Trump or not? Check this out. You made some big news today talking about the Kennedy Shanahan ticket. Does it stay in the race? Nicole, what are your thoughts on that? You know what? It's, it, it, it's Bobby's decision. I came into this supporting him wholeheartedly to win this election.


And I have to say there's only one party that has obstructed fair an a fair election for us. And unfortunately it was a Democratic party. They've done everything they can, including creating PACS to prevent us from being able to have ballot access. Folks, this has to be one of the most ironic twists in modern political history. I mean it, I'm not intended. This is not intended as a exaggeration for effect or impact. The ironic twist is this RFK. If they Democrats, people are forgetting he wanted to get into the Democratic primary.


Well, the Democrat primary, nothing's democratic about it. You guys remember that? It was the Democrats that blocked him out and Nicole Shannon and said, no, you're not getting in our primaries and did everything they could to stop him. So what does he do? He starts running and gets on the ballot independently under different lines in different states. The Democrats realize they've got a problem in one of the greatest twists ever. If he drops today, which I think is likely, and he endorses Donald Trump, which I hope this will be one of the most amazing twists in political history, that if the Democrats would've let him run, he would not have won the Democrat primary. Trust me, the establishment would've stopped him.


If they can stop Bernie Sanders with his communist Bernie Bros, they would've crushed R-F-K-R-F-K had no chance of winning the Democrat primary. They could have RFK, could have got a speaking spot at the DNC. He could have gone out and said, thank you for giving me a shot. you know, even Nikki Haley, Nikki Haley and Trump were like this. I'm not a huge Nikki Haley fan. She came out, she did the right thing. It's what you do when you run under a party banner. I'm part of this team. Go team, right? Imagine an RFK speech last night. Say two spots or something before Kamala. Hey RFK supporters. Thank you everybody. We're going for Kamala folks, I'm telling you right now, it would've been a big deal in a race that's likely to be decided by a few votes in a few states.


That would've been a big deal. Instead, what did they do? They gave the triple barrel middle finger, okay? To RFK and the Democrat air quotes party did the most undemocratic thing possible and now they're paying the price 'cause he may wind up endorsing Donald Trump. Here's Nicole Shanahan on her Twitter account. This is his running mate, his RF K's running mate. My old Democrat buddies have been flooding me with frantic calls, texts, and emails. Unlike Roe, I wouldn't dream of airing those private conversations publicly, but the message is clear. They're terrified of us joining forces with Trump.


When I point out what the Democratic party and the super pacs have done, the sabotage us, they're response is always, but Trump is worse. Here's an idea. you know, stop suing us. Let us debate quick. Rigging the media and the polls. It's a simple formula people get with it folks. RFK endorses Trump. It's gonna be a big deal. Now let me explain why a lot of you in the chat, I'm, I'm expecting 'cause you guys are really ridiculously smart and you remember everything. I'm ex, I'm giving you your own retort. You should be saying Dan, you said RFK in the race hurts Biden more than Trump. I did.


Who's in the race now? Yes, Kamala. So we've got a bit of a problem. Although RFKI think still hurts. Kamala Harris, a lot of people hated. They call him the double nose. Okay, try to follow me Michael, you're the ombudsman for this. This makes no sense. Stop me when it was Biden Trump, you had a lot of double nos. You just did. People who said no to Trump, no to Biden And. Don don't know what they were gonna do. RFK was maybe their guy. When Kamala Harris jumped in, the percentage of nos on the Biden side went down because they see Kamala Harris as flawed but not as bad as Biden. That percentage that was getable by the RFK crowd went down because Harris got in and shrunk it.


You get it. There were less nos. There were still some nos on the Trump side. Swampy Republicans, Lincoln project types, you know, goofballs like that, you know what I'm saying? Who just, they don't care. The David Frenches of the world. Those people are not really getable but are some are. Those double nos are still there. If RFK, they would've been with RFK before and are now gonna go with Donald Trump because of an endorsement and some will. I think an endorsement obviously only helps Donald Trump here. RFK Junior set to speak in Arizona. Hours before Trump as question swirl around a possible lines.


Folks, my math is solid here. I'm using simple math. I'm telling you Spock style. I'm not a Star Trek guy. I was a Star Wars guy. Well not like these guys here over here, but whatever. you know, you get the point. But you remember Spock, your logic is sound. These percentage of nos that were getable shrunk when Harris got in. We now can go grab them. Grab the double nose, the nose on the Trump side. Folks, everything these people are telling you in this election is bullshit. Listen, I'm gonna warn you right now, this is a serious segment coming up. I know you know a lot of humor. We laugh a lot. You And, I have fun in the show.


I, I hope it's enjoyable. It's edutainment. Educational entertainment had to boogie down productions. But this is serious. They are. I'm telling you right now, and you can flags in the chat please everywhere, everyone get the flags in the chat because remember this day and remember this moment, they are not going to put out a serious policy prescription proposal. They're not. Everybody keeps saying, oh, it's coming tomorrow. It's coming tomorrow. It's coming tomorrow. They will not everything they've put out has been laughed at their price controls, their massive tax hikes. They keep running away from it. She will never talk publicly about this. However, the Kamala agenda, if she wins folks, is even worse than you can imagine.


Although Kamala will not talk publicly about her communist agenda. Other people are starting to leak out. What she's gonna do because they've got of the mouth, they can't shut up. And the one guy who can never shut up who you should be following is Chuck Schumer, the Senate majority leader for the Democrats. Schumer is notorious for the of the mouth. He cannot shut up. So he's out there at the DNC and Kim Strel wrote about it in the Wall Street Journal. Chuck Schumer, Shows His, Policy Cards for 2025. He can't shut up.


So they started asking him at this little gaggle out at the DNCI forget where he was, the CNN Grill or whatever. Hey man, like what's gonna happen if you guys win the Senate, the House and Kamala Harris wins. She notes on a roll at this gaggle. Mr. Schumer explained that he'd work very hard to persuade his colleagues to nuke the filibuster and quote, we've got a damn good chance of getting that done. The only question these days he said is whether to do it only for big ticket items or for everything. Oh, the show didn't go dead. I'm taking a pregnant pause here for you to digest this for a second.


Ladies and gentlemen, do you have any idea how destructive this would be if they get, if they get charge, if, if, if they take charge of the house. Remember we just have a slim lead now. Just a few votes. Not hard for them to do it. You say you don't execute. Take 10 people with you. You decide stay home. I don't care. I don't like Donald Trump's tweets. They win the house, they win the Senate say with just 51 votes. Forget it. They only need 50 tampon. Tim would be the tiebreaker just like Kamala Harris was. And Kamala Harris wins the presidency and they nuke the filibuster.


Meaning they will not need to pass the 60 vote threshold in the Senate. They would just see ladies and gentlemen, they would control everything. All of this crazy stuff. Kamala Harris' told you about it. You think Chuck Schumer said, said that Without Kamala Harris knowing all of the crazy stuff, your private healthcare gone tax rates through the roof border. Forget it. You think the border's bad Now they're gonna figure this. They're gonna figure they've got two years until the Kamala Harris midterms, if they win to do everything they wanted to do, wiping out any voter integrity measures, government, healthcare, everywhere, school public education, just destroyed school choice, attack, abortion on demand.


All of this stuff is gonna happen. Ladies and gentlemen, don't listen to me. Listen to the Democrats you wanna hear about crazy. They're already starting the crazy illegals automatically amnesty for everyone. Here's some of the crazy stuff I guarantee you're gonna see if they, they win. It is time to execute and bring 10 people with you. With you. That is it. Cutesy time is over. Every member of the Bino army is your job. It's your task. Here's a segment from Fox. It's quick. It's about 20 seconds. Oregon, deep blue Oregon, they're running a program now to buy illegals homes.


You think I'm kidding You think this isn't gonna go national? You're outta your mind. Watch this. A taxpayer funded group is offering $30,000 to new home buyers. Lauren, you cannot apply if you are an American citizen. What's with that? Why would an American citizen apply for a taxpayer funded program to get $30,000 for a new home? I mean, it's wild. You, you think I'm making this stuff up. You think that's not gonna be on the agenda next. Paying off everybody's student loans with your money. Stealing your money to give illegals education funds, stealing your money to buy them new homes.


You don't think that's gonna be their national agenda when they nuke the filibuster? No, no, no, no, no. They're they're not cra they're even telling you just act normal for the next 70 days and then we can get crazy. How do I know? Gee's brilliant. GE says, Dan, you gotta play this for me again. They actually said it. The DNC Here, we'll play this for you again. Check this out yet. Oh, gimme a minute. Alright. He's gonna pull it up for you. I'm sorry. It was his idea. They actually set it good. I'll go to this. Put the Wall Street Journal thing up here. You wanna see another thing coming your way folks, we, this show is the king of receipts. All I do all day is research because I love you and I'm not gonna waste your time.


They nuke the filibuster in Kamala Harris wins, which they're already talking about. 'cause they're ready to get crazy. They are ready to engage in a massive healthcare rationing program. Massive. And they're already trying it out. No they're not. Dan, read this Wall Street Journal. Read it. This is an an order, I'm sorry. It's called Hallelujah transplant test Reversal. So they wanna do healthcare rationing. 'cause when the government controls healthcare, the first thing they do is rather than using a price system, 'cause there's only pricing and rationing, right? That's it. You have free market pricing or rationing. There's no other way to allocate anything you wanna sell.


Whatever. Someone gimme a baseball card, you wanna sell baseball cards, you can price it or you can ration 'em. That's it. Socialists like rationing. The problem with rationing is people lose out. People lose out. They have no shot because they're ration. So there's this test. don don't wanna make this. I'll make this quick. There's a blood test for people who get organ transplants. They need this blood test. They don't get the blood test, they'll die. Well, the government through their Center for Medicare services thought the blood test was too expensive. So they started rationing them. Ladies and gentlemen, the only reason they stopped to read it, leave this on the screen a second.


The only reason they stopped is there's an election coming up and the word got out. That's it. But you're playing out my ear right now. Yeah. Oh, hold on. Look, read this right here. The CMS denied the reduced coverage was to cut Medicare costs by rationing care. But the American Association of Kidney Patients Policy Chairman nailed the truth when he called the original coverage guidance quote, A blunt instrument of cost control. Okay, this is in my ear. It's driving me a little crazy. Forget this clip. Now it's making me nuts. No. Now don don't want it 'cause it's making me crazy. This all right, play it just, you got the clip, play this cut.


We Got 70 days to act, right y'all. That's right. Now seven days we can go back getting crazy, right? That was just for gee. 'cause I know he did a lot of work on it. They are gonna go back to getting crazy. You have some kind of specialty treatment paid for by Medicare I can guarantee you with 100% certainty of Kamala Harris wins and the government fully takes over healthcare, they will be rationing everything. They're doing it. Now, imagine being a kidney transplant patient, knowing you need this test to live. You are on Medicare and the government says, no we're not.


This happened. Look it up. I'm not making this up. Do your own fact checks. Folks, everything they're telling you is bullshit. Everything. They are not gonna cut middle class taxes. They're gonna hike 'em. What the hell do you think the corporate tax is? All the tax on business? Really dumb. Where do businesses get their money from? Customers. So if the business has to pay more in taxes and has to meet a threshold to stay in business, where are they gonna get the more money to pay the elevated tax rates from the customers?


Why are you so freaking stupid Liberals? Here's another one. Hat tip. Mamore. They're lying to you about everything. They're full of shit. Which story is correct? Here's a quickie on the border. You're gonna hear Alejandro Makis, then Kamala Harris, then Joe Biden on the border. What are they running on? Is the border secure like they said, or not secure like they said, or not secure but secure, like they said, said, said, I don't know, they're full of shit. Watch this. The Border is closed. The border is secure. The Border is secure. The only reason the border is not secure is Donald Trump.


Folks, nothing they're telling you is real, man. It's all fake. I mean, how many receipts do I have to show you? They're gonna nuke the filibuster. Believe me, you are screwed. Blue Oregon, $30,000. Buy a legals home. Trust me. That's going national. They're rationing healthcare right now. You can read about it yourself. The border, the border's secure. The border's secure. The border's not secure. We can see the border's not secure. Look at this gem yesterday too. Remember we were told that from a OC and all the other geniuses out there, folks, 12 years, we're all gonna die.


The earth's gonna be like a matchstick. We're all gonna burn up in toxic flames. The Atlantic Ocean, gee is like a sauna like spa. You jump in, it's Atlantic ocean's 147 degrees. You guys remember that? We're all gonna die in 12 years. No one can figure out why the Atlantic Ocean is cooling at records. This is a real article, man, from October, excuse me, August 21st. No one can figure it out, folks. I thought the Atlantic Ocean was like a hot tub. I we're all dying dead fish everywhere.


No one can figure out. But maybe if you stopped propagandizing and started doing actual science on the Atlantic Ocean, maybe you'd figure, maybe you'd figure that out. Folks, everything they're telling you is bullshit. Everything. You may not like the Republican party. Well, you and my audience, you do. But you gotta understand, we're talking to a lot of people out there are liberals who watch this show. I get their death threats. Let me just tell you for a second. I get it. You may not like some of our personalities. Listen, mine can be heated, so can Trump sometimes. I get it. But can we just acknowledge that everything we tell you, we actually believe secure borders, lower taxes.


How do I know? Because we did it and we're still running on it now. We don't have your problem constantly changing our minds pretending we didn't do what we did. Running away. You notice Trump is running on the Trump record. Did you notice that? And Kamala Harris is running against Kamala Harris's record in the Biden Harris. Didn't you? Don't you find that weird? Trump's running on Trump. Harris is running on, not Harris. Nobody finds that weird here. This clip from the D nnc is fantastic. It's short. But I want you to listen again. This is what they say when the cameras are rolling, but it's not on like CNN or elsewhere. Here's a lady saying we quote, have to unfuck the economy.


It's your economy. Does she now realize Kamala Harrison Biden are in charge now? This is what's happening at the own convention. Why's it? That's What we need because we need to unfuck our economy. That's what we need because we need to unfuck our economy. We need to unfuck our economy. Fuck our economy, unfuck our economy, unfuck our economy. I need turntables. Don't you think We need un I need Stevie Marano Mar need Sport Lauderdale scratches like under one twos fuck.


This is what I need. Can we make a song out of this gym? Can you and GE get on this? This Justin is the dj. Justin. DJ Justin, can you get him on? We need to unfuck Eric there. The Democrats talking. Yes, she's correct. We do. Wait, wait, I, I get, I don't go anywhere without watching this one. Here is CNN. Again, say in the quiet part out loud, brilliant. That if this is great, right? We cannot, we are forbidden to go into the weekend without plane. Here is CNN the true? I promise you, I'm not kidding. The truest thing you have ever heard on CNN. Here's Dana, Dana, whatever her name is, bash saying, listen, Democrats are the party of low testosterone, beta male incel losers.


And if you're like a man who hunts or shoots, takes care of his wife and kids, you know, uses like a chainsaw and stuff, we're definitely not the party for you. No, I'm serious. They actually said this. CNN finally doing some journalism. This is a real clip. Watch this. But They are doing so in trying to put forward male figures. Tim Walls being one of them. Doug Emh last night. Who can speak to men out there who might not be the sort of testosterone laden, you know, gun coating kind of guy who wants to listen to Hulk Hogan and the kind of players that came out at the RNC And then Michael's, right?


She goes on to be like, we have more like Tim Walls kind of. Yes, yes you do, you do. You do have men who like tampons and men. you don Bash CNN. You should get a Pulitzer for that act of journalism. You are a hundred percent correct. Be proud if you have elevated testosterone. You like to hunt, you like Brazilian jiujitsu, you like boxing, you like wrestling. You like the Iron Sheik and Hulk Hogan back in the day then yes, we are definitely your party. The truest thing, I promise you have ever heard on CNN man, what a week over 150,000 streamers. We were third in the United States yesterday in live streams. We almost beat M-S-N-B-C.


Yes, we beat them the day before. But think about that. A billion dollar NBC enterprise and little old Dan Bonino in this tiny studio, at least for now until we move out in a few months and in this tiny studio with about a five person staff is routinely taken out. MSNBC's. First time they beat us in a long time yesterday. That is insane. Thank you for everything. Don't miss our special live stream on Monday from Washington DC on the Secret Service with a massive panel. It's gonna be an incredible show. Don't miss it. Happy birthday Anita and everyone, please, over the weekend. Can you do me a favor? I ask every day. It just takes a minute of your time. Probably less. Go to spotify, spotify.com or the app.


Just click that. Follow on the Dan Bongino Show. Go to Apple podcast, click that follow it's free. And then please follow us on rumble rumble.com slash bonino. Download the Rumble app. It really, really helps us out a lot. We so deeply appreciate I got the metrics. We've been blowing up those platforms. Thank you so much. See you on the radio show here in Rumble in a few minutes. And from DC live Monday, 10:00 AM an hour early if everything works right with the tech, which it should. We'll see you there. Thanks for tuning in. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.