
MyPillow is having the first ever mega sale on Overstock clearance and brand new products. Save over 50% on the season's flannel sheets. Queen size only 59 98 Kings only 69 98. Save 30% on the brand new my crosses. Get the 20 25 6 piece. My towel sets for only 29 98 and the bestselling standard MyPillow just 1498. Visit mypillow.com. Use promo code Dan or call 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2. And right now, every order ship's absolutely free. Shop their first ever mega sale with free shipping on every order. Once again, go to mypillow.com, use promo code Dan, or call 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2.


Dan Bonino, Welcome to The Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino, Guys. B, before I wrap up with you today, the end of the podcast, I just want to be sure to introduce to you who is going to be taking over my show. Obviously, I will have a lot going on. I will be divorcing myself from the business. It's been a long process. I'm gonna tell you something, I I'm not in any of this for the money, the cash, any of that stuff. Obviously no one goes into government work to get rich. I just like good people because if you surround yourself with good people, then good and great things happen. And if you surround yourself with bad people, then awful things happen. Vince Coase is one of the most talented people in the business.


An incredible talent. He's had a show on WMAL. He is launching his podcast on the Silver Lock Network on Monday at 10:00 AM So an hour earlier, you can have Steven Crowder afterwards on Rumble at 11. You've got Ave at nine, you've got Haley at six, you've got the Quartering, you've got Don Jr. You've got an amazing lineup. Vince, it is an honor to have you, you're gonna be taking over the radio show too, and I just want to Thank you for, you know, taking this on. So last minute, I can't even believe I'm here and I'm, I'm so over the moon about all of this. And I, I will say this is the most unusual exchange in media that you will ever see, I promise, for the rest of your life.


This is a jealous industry. This is an industry where people, you know, there, there's some people who help each other out. But for the most part, when a guy gets a job, usually somebody else has to lose it. That's usually how that works. And what's happening here is Dan is stepping away from all of this. Look at, look around us, I mean just in this room. And then of course look at the chat, what he's built. And I think it's just such an obvious sign of your decency and your commitment to your country that you can do this. You can walk away from this and then become the deputy director of the FBI who wants that job. This guy wants that job. So you're going in to do something really important. And like I said, this is deeply unusual. So ever since it was announced my Mike Good, ever since it was announced, the reaction's been completely positive.


And that's the testament to you. You said, this is my guy, I like this guy. He's gonna do a good job. Thank you. And your audience, the Bonino Army has responded so well. It's been unbelievable how nice this has all been. They're so passionate and we're gonna do great things, man. And I, and the thing, the message I keep getting is you've got big shoes to fill. I'm like, I know, but what I really have is sch medium shirts to Fill. Yeah, that's Nicole, Nicole Wallace guys, Nicole, make sure Nicole gets a photo of Vince immediately when he wears his first sch medium. That Nicole Wallace clip is one of the greatest things I've ever seen. And why Notice that the Weirdest thing instantly was like talking about your T-shirts. And I was like, this needs like, some sort of like slow baseline underneath it. Like she was really into the Banina show brother.


For as much as we've criticized Rachel Maddow and Nicole Wallace, I promise you, you are not gonna find a clip of me going, Hey, that's some outfit she's got under. Like, where's the weirdest thing? Like it was such an oddball comment outta nowhere. Like she was practically fanning herself on Television, right? It was so weird, Matthew. But a funny story on that. So yesterday Paula knows her. We got some guys at at, at at, at the house, some really good guys. And one of 'em bought me a t-shirt and the guy said, I don't know what, what size you're, I said, well, you know, it's queen so you gotta round down. That's where I'm from. That's right. And he knew right away, he's like, let me guess the sch mediums, right? I'm like, Hey, I said, but I am 50 so I've gotta kind of like size up a little bit. But Vince, that's cool. Thank you brother. Man, you're the Best.


10:00 AM on Monday folks. His first guest, Tucker Carlson. So it's gonna be big. Yeah. And we announced Don Junior last night. Oh, you did? Don Junior next week. So I don Jr coming right to the studio. Mcg groin crew. Spread the word in studio. Huh? Don's. He's coming baby. Nice of you. Thank you Don. That's amazing. So Thank you guys. I appreciate it Vince more in a minute. But first,


MyPillow is excited to announce they're having the first ever mega sale on Overstock clearance and brand new products. For example, save over 50% on the season's flannel sheets. Queen size only 59, 98 King, 69, 98. They sell out fast every year. So order now save 30% on the brand new My crosses designed in the likeness of the one mic worn every day for over 20 years. They come in men's and women's, they're made right here in the USA get to 20 25 6 piece. My towel set for only 29 98. The initial quantities are extremely limited. So get 'em now before they go and their bestselling standard MyPillow just 1498 to take advantage of this first ever mega sale, go to mypillow.com, use promo code Dan or call 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2. But wait, remember that $75 free shipping rule while that ship is sailed. Right now, every order ship's absolutely free shop their first ever mega sale with free shipping on every order. Once again, go to mypillow.com, use promo code Dan, or call 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2.


So guys, I I'm gonna, I'm gonna wrap this up here. Well, I'm gonna try to wrap it up here. I I'm, I'm really just a little bit overwhelmed. 'cause you know, with the show and all the clips and having everybody here, it's the energy kind of just distracts you from the reality of, you know, what's about, what's about to happen. And it really hit me this morning.


I want you to know how much I love you guys. I mean that, you know, people throw that term around. But I really love you guys. I feel like I, I've met so many of you, some of you I've never even seen, whether it was Eric or Jeremy on the radio show. I'm just, I I chose early on to interact with my audience in kind of a different way. And it's paid me back so many dividends. And there's nothing more incredible than going out at a book signing and someone goes, Hey, how'd that treat you? Gave Lucy the other day work out? And you're like, how'd you know that? Like you said it on the radio. I'm like, I did. Like, you know that people, the relationship seems so asymmetric at times.


Like, you know about me, but I don't know about you, but I know all I need to know about you, which is you've been there for me when I needed you. And to walk away from this was, I promise you is not easy. But I absolutely know that this was the right thing to do. I've told you over and over by that measure the effectiveness of what you do in your life by how people who stand and tell you to stop, react. And the reaction has been exactly what I expected. I promise you this. I'm going there with a clear mission in mind. I go there with a clear head. This was done for the right reasons and I am really, really, really going to miss doing this and being here with you every day from this point on.


If you follow me on Deep breath, see, breathe in. It's easier. My social media accounts are not gonna be abandoned, but I won't be posting about politics. It'd be inappropriate during my time. There's, there's understandable restrictions on that, which make perfect sense. But you can still follow me. I'll be opening up different accounts and official accounts and things like that, but I have to stay outta the political space because it's the right thing to do and it's the rules. And I hope you understand that I'm not going there to be some partisan. I know the people who hate my guts and the media. I don't expect you to understand that.


The idea of putting aside your politics to do a job is definitely foreign to you. I totally get that. But it's not to me, you know, I proudly protected two Democrat presidents and a Republican. No problem at all. I'm not sure you could do that, but I did. And now it's a different protection role. So I still got a radio show to do, which is crazy. Now I'm gonna get through that. So I'll end as I began.


I'll see you guys on the other side. Dan Bongino, I owe You. Who owes who you owe me. I owe you. There's no money. The Dan Bongino Show Anything run by liberals will be run into the ground, burned, stepped on gasoline, poured on it, and burned again. Get ready to hear the truth about America. They're Arguing about things and debating how quickly they can deconstruct the greatest country in the history of mankind and all of the ideas and norms that have gotten us Here on a show that's not immune to the facts With your host, Dan Bonino.


Alright, Welcome to The Dan Bongino Show today launches the National Radio Show, The Dan Bongino Show right after this podcast With your host, me shockingly named Dan Bonino. And it's really an incredible feeling banned for life. Public enemy number one me, little old me kid from Queens Public Enemy numero uno by the YouTube Commies. But you know what? It is about live programming. I love live programming. 'cause I need to operate under pressure all the time. I can't function any other way. Gee, wouldn't you agree? I'm much better live, by the way big.


Thank you. A hundred thousand just crossed the a hundred thousand people wandering. Gonna, we love you guys. You're the best. Hit the fucking thing please. Holy shit. 200,000. What the fuck is happen? We got rid, we got dig, we got broken glasses. I got, I don't even know what the fuck this is. Paperwork from forever got 98. Come on, Do it. Who's, oh, holy shit. What the, what? What is going on here? What the fuck just happen? Whoa.


What? Holy shit. 3 million. How the hell do we look at his shit? I got stuff flying everywhere. We got flags flying. We, what the hell just Happened? I just noticed the flag Didn't come down. Where the hell We No way. No we didn't. There goes no there There. Hundred 500,000. Congratulations To the listening audience. How you been? You feeling? All? We hope so. You've been busy. I've been busy. I really have. I've been, we've been doing a lot.


Your show's going great, huh? Oh, how many people we got watching right now? 290,000 people. And the show just started. We'll be the biggest live stream stream in the world that The Dan Bongino Show. If You'd like to hear more, subscribe to The Dan Bongino Show wherever you get your podcast.