
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With, your host, Dan Bonino. I can't believe people are falling for the Bs. I I really, I can't, I'm, it's hard for me to get my arms around the fact, my arms around the fact that there are people out there despite all that's happened in the last couple of weeks. The lying, the misdirection, the assassination attempt, the murder of Corey comparator, the endless litany of stories and, and, and, and, and, and rewriting and reeding and reconning of history from Kamala to the assassination attempt that people are still falling for bs. I've got that. I've got Kamala Harris ba basically proving she's a freaking communist.


I mean, openly talking about communist principles. She can call 'em whatever she wants. Big show on this Friday.


Hey, you heard me talking about Beam's Dream Powder. Get it now. Don't delay. The stuff's changed my life. They're offering their largest discount at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino.


Welcome to show on this Friday. Paula, I'll put a little note here. Love that. It's Friday. Ha, me too. Don't fall for the bs. I'm gonna show you what I mean right out of the shoot today.


Hey, I've got a new sponsor on this show, And I gotta tell you, they sent me a sample of the product, which I always try out before I recommend it. It's pretty amazing. Meet Lumen, one of the world's first handheld metabolic coaches. Here's what the device does. It measures your metabolism through your breath. Yeah, it's pretty cool. The app then lets You know if you're burning fat or carbs and provides tailored guidance to enhance your nutrition, workouts, sleep, and stress management. You don't have to guess anymore. Simply breathe into the lumen first thing in the morning. It's that simple. It analyzes your metabolism, indicating whether you're burning fat or carbs based on these insights. Lumen provides a personalized nutrition plan for the day. Can also use Lumen before and after workouts and meals to get real time updates on your body's metabolic state. Keeping you on top of your wellness game. My favorite new life hack I've been using Lumen Game Changer, helps me understand my metabolism better and make smarter daily choices. Again, no guesswork. Optimal metabolic health can lead to easier weight management, improve energy levels, better fitness results, and better sleep. So if you wanna take the next step, do what I do and you wanna help improve your wellness, go to lumen, LUME n.me/bonino to get 15% off your lumen. That's lumen.me/bonino for 15% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring the episode. It's a really great product. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA, not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


Justin running solo today and he got the bell on that's even by himself. How amazing you guys are. Good. That's incredible. You guys have, by guys, I mean, guy, don't fall over the bs. Here's what I mean. Susan Crabtree put this post out there yesterday, folks. This assassination attempt on President Trump is the biggest story of our time. Okay? I'm sorry. I'm not gonna let this story get out of the news because what there are certain people in the management of the Secret Service are hoping and praying for is that people like me stop talking about this. Why? Because they don't wanna make any changes at all. They don't wanna make, they wanna do small cosmetic things.


Crabtree's reporting it. Senator Ron Johnson, good guy. Good, nice enough guy, but really he's offering initial praise for acting director. Ron Rowe provides details about what was discussed. I'm gonna play this video clip coming up in a minute of Ron Johnson out there. Folks, I'm telling you, I've to Senator Johnson and anyone out there, anyone else el out there in the Republican party. I don't claim to know the inner workings of the United States Senate. I'm not a freaking senator, man. If I wanna know what's going on behind the scenes, what do we do, Justin? We bring on a US Senator, Mike Lee, Ron Johnson, and we say, Senator, we've heard us ask the question, what's happening behind the scenes at the Senate?


So my audience knows, I'm telling you, I know all these people that Ron Rowe, the acting director, was part and parcel to the scandal to not give Donald Trump an enhanced security footprint, which I believe led to this tragedy. Why are we celebrating this? Come on, man. Just reach out. I've told you this a thousand times. I am happy to take your call. Just call me if you wanna know. I know all these people. This is a huge freaking mistake. Here's Senator Johnson, a new acting director of the Secret Service, who's got the exact same problems as the old director. He was part and parcel to the security problem there.


This is really upsetting, man. Nothing is gonna change if we keep doing the same things over again. You're going to get someone else hurt. Take a listen. You were Briefed by acting director Ron Rowe, as well as an FBI briefer, and is quite honestly a confidence building briefing. They, they were pretty forthright. You could tell that acting Director Rowe, is viscerally concerned about what happened to his, his agency there, and he, he wants to correct. He said he can't defend what happened in in Pennsylvania. He, he went there yesterday. So I I was actually pretty encouraged by, by what we heard in our briefing, and we're gonna have a, a hearing on Tuesday at Homeland Security Government Affairs.


So hopefully it'll be very transparent with the American public as genuine and, and and forthright as he was in the briefing this morning. He's very concerned and forthright. Guys, listen, this is not personal. I've known this guy a long time. I I'm sure he is a good dad and whatever. I don't know. I really, I'm just telling you, this guy was part of the denials, the multiple denials to the Donald Trump detail for enhanced security that I'm telling you led to the series of events that led to this debacle with Donald Trump coming within a millimeter of his life. He was canned. Of course, he's trying to be candid. He's trying to, he's trying to basically ingratiate himself to people so that nobody actually asks him real questions.


This is so unacceptable, folks. I, I'm really, I'm at to I, as you can probably tell on this Friday, I woke up today in the best of moods, and I'm really getting salty because it's like government is the one place on planet earth where you can f something up so bad that a dude is, nearly people are shot. This Corey comparator, this, this hero is killed and Donald Trump is shot in the ear and one of the guys who was part of the chain of command gets a promotion out of it, and then we're selling this guy. It's like, Hey man, he did a great job. I mean, just call me and to those who have, I promise I will give you an independent evaluation of what's going on.


This is sickening. Here's Josh Hawley. Yesterday, a sent a Republican senator from Missouri New, a whistleblower is telling me that local law enforcement partners and suppliers offer drones to the Secret Service before the rally, but the Secret Service declined folks. What? I don't know. I don't know. I'm gonna tell you, I haven't heard this. I'm not telling you it's not accurate at all. Please, I'm not telling you what he's saying isn't accurate. I'm not, not even a little bit. I'm just telling you that p piece of information is out there. I'm trying to independently confirm it. Because if that's the case, now you've got a real debacle on your hands. And I wanna tell you a quick story as to why this feeds into the biggest problem the Secret Service has right now, and it's arrogance amongst management.


It's arrogance. When I was over there, I used to be the whip in transportation, the motorcade section, the TS section. Okay? That's the operational 13 who pretty much runs the section. Okay? You, you're running it. So there was this guy that came in one time, it's a long time ago. Details really don't matter. But he came in with this really, really amazing technology that would be able to basically use GPS when it was in its early. I, you know, GPS, it was a, back then it was a big deal. People still had garin in their car before Google Maps and Apple Maps and Waze and all that stuff. Some of you may be too young to remember. Remember the little square Garmin you stuck in your car? Make, I love make, this guy had this amazing technology.


They threw this guy out of the building within five minutes. They didn't wanna hear about it. The attitude amongst the managers in the meeting was like, Hey, listen, just because we didn't think of it first, it doesn't matter. It was in, I couldn't believe it. I remember saying to my boss, you don't even wanna hear this guy out. If the locals And I have no reason to believe Josh Hawley's You know, and his whistleblower Aren are, are, are lying. No reason to believe that at all. Offer drones for aerial surveillance and the Secret Service turned it down, then you better produce a damn good reason why. It's a huge revelation. I'm working to independently confirm it because there's a lot of information coming from both sides. But it's this that drives me crazy.


And I wanna say in advance, one of the things about this show, and one of the things I'm most proud of is I don't eliminate someone's point of view because we disagree on certain things. I disagree with certain people. Even President Trump, And I don't agree on everything. Criminal justice reform, abortion. But 80% for me is a pretty good marker. We believe in 80% of the same thing. You are my guy, okay? We're never gonna agree on everything or there or else you're just doing a Kamala Harris and you're pandering. Nobody's gonna agree with you on everything or else they be you. And they're not you. I don't agree with Peggy Noonan on a lot, but I, enjoy your writing at the Wall Street Journal. She's definitely no Trump person. We know that You know and, and she gives a lot of deference to the left, which i, I don't particularly like.


but I enjoy her, her writing. And I read it. I have never seen her be more wrong about something than this. And Peggy, with due respect, if you're listening, you've been around a long time. I acknowledge that this isn't personal. You are absolutely wrong and you are way out of your lane on this. She wrote a piece last night. Her, her, her writing gets picked up all over the place. She's been around a long time. The piece is this, The Kamala, Harris Surprise. She says something in the piece that I'm telling you is gonna get someone killed and you need to listen to me please. She says, stop obsessing publicly over the inadequacy of the Secret Service Washington. Obsess on it quietly and fix it.


It tells the sickest among us how easy it is to get around security and get your shot. We have to stop telling them this. Peggy again, we do respect. You could not be more wrong behind the scenes, right? Now, you want them to quietly what's quietly really happening behind the scenes, which I have from direct sources. don don't know if they're talking to you. I'm not trying to be a dick, I'm just telling you the truth. They're talking to me. They are desperate to get this out of the news. They know the entire agency is collapsing. They have an HR problem. They have a DEI focused problem instead of a merit problem. They have a physical fitness test problem. They have an advanced problem, they have a mission problem.


They're not focused. They're doing investigations while doing protection. Therefore, they don't have any manpower. They don't want to fix any of this. They don't have the political balls to fix their lack of merit problem. And their DEI nonsense, they've got people around the president physically incapable, listen to me of protecting him. And. they don't wanna acknowledge it because they're afraid of being called misogynist or whatever. It's cowardly. They don't wanna give up their investigative mission. You wanna know why? Let me let You know on a little secret. Folks. The Secret Service wants to keep the investigative mission financial crimes because it's a lucrative post-retirement job for a lot of managers who don't have the balls to tell the truth.


You wanna know the truth when you are doing investigations for banks, financial crimes investigations. That's what the Secret Service is wasting. Its time on. Now, even though the FBI or anyone else could do it, the IRS, right? Well, what winds up happening, these vice presidents of banks call up a field office supervisor and go, Hey Tony, I need this case investigator. We got a massive credit card for Red Ring Justin, that probably cost a lot of money, right? To pay private security to do that. And Bri, yeah, but who's paying for it when the Secret Service does it? You, yes, you. And then what happens when you move that case to the front of the line?


Oh, the bank calls later when you're gone, it says, Hey, you looking for a job? Come on over. We'll make you the vice president of security and then we'll use your contacts in the Secret Service to get our cases worked. First go look at most of the big banks in America. Look who their heads of corporate security are. Take your time. Oh, oh, see Secret service guys. I thought they'd do protection. Why are they running bank security folks? You're getting effed, okay?


And I'm sorry to have to tell people the truth, but you wanna clean this agency up and you wanna return it to its prior glory. 'cause let me tell you something, this was a proud place when I first got there in 1999. It was, I, I mean, I was never, ever a moment where I wasn't. When people ask me what I did, man, if, if I knew you, And I could trust you. If I didn't know you, I'd tell you I was a Aqua Dozer or something. But if I knew you to say I was a secret service agent, man, I said that with some freaking pride. You wanna fix this place, you gotta cut the bullshit. And Peggy, you could not be more wrong. One, the assassins already know this stuff.


There is nothing you are hiding from them. They already know it. And the way to ensure that these loopholes in security they've managed to navigate around to shoot President Trump in the head continue, is to not keep the public pressure on the Secret service to change it. 'cause the minute this story gets out of the headlines, I absolutely promise you the same bullshit will happen. I saw it after the grenade attacking Tbilisi, Georgia, where for three to four weeks there was this all hands on deck. We're not gonna let that happen again. Yeah, president Bush, president George W. Bush was almost killed by a grenade in Tbilisi, Georgia. You can go look it up. And then three, four weeks later, it was back to the same old bullshit.


I'm sorry, but you could not be more wrong. I enjoy your writing, but your analysis of this, I can guarantee you, you don't keep this in the headline and force major changes in that agency and get all of these people out, RO and everyone else included, get new management, then someone is going to die. Mark this episode and pray I'm wrong. I have no dog in this fight, man. I don't work there anymore. I've lost friends over this. I've gained friends over it. I'm not in the friends game, I'm not in the, you wanna get a pet, get a parakeet. I'm in the fixing stuff game. I didn't leave this agency You know 10 plus years ago and do everything I did to let the biggest story of our time in security labs just fall apart.


No way, man. No freaking chance. And you can't count on the media to help you. But Peggy, man, I'm telling you, you are absolutely incorrect. Look at this shit. Newsweek, Donald, Trump May, Not Have Been Hit by Bullet f FBI, Director Says. This is again and and the epidemic. Corruption within the media government. Symbio is just stunning. What do you think he was hit by bird shit. What do you think sliced his ear open? The bullet didn't hit close enough. So if he doesn't physically lose the side of his head on camera, it's not good enough that he was almost killed.


Folks, you can't trust these people. I promise you, you can trust me. I'm not steering you wrong. They are all distracted. The FBI is distracted by political missions right now going after Catholics pro-lifers, MAGA people, January 6th, Gulag Grandmas, they are all distracted. We have one shot with the Donald Trump election coming up. We have one shot to fix this thing. If we can get him in office and take the house and the Senate, we've got a damn good chance at doing a course correction and fixing this constitutional republic. But this is it. We lose here, Ladies and gentlemen, I'm not gonna be long on America anymore. This is gonna be a totally different show.


We got one shot, And I gotta tell you something man. I'm getting a little nervous. I'm getting a little nervous man. I'm getting a little anxious about things. Look at this. Goosebumps again. You see that they're already doing it. Kamala is now the second coming of Obama. She's a gonna soon. Any mention of Kamala's name of by any Republican is gonna be racist and misogynist. I can already tell that cheating is probably ramping up to unprecedented levels. Folks, you gotta vote like your life depends on it because your livelihood and your life.


May anyone who was cocky a week ago when oatmeal brains was in the race, throw it out. Kamala Harris, the fake energy being generated by a media that's now covering up her past, the fake energy is being perceived as real. You can AstroTurf your way to win electoral win. Hillary Clinton almost did it in 2016. Nobody liked Hillary either. And with the cheating we got by in 2016 by just thousands of votes in a couple states.


Listen to me in the chat. Please do not get cocky here. 10 people you were to take with you. That is a direct order. I am not the general in this army today. I am 10 people. When you vote, get 10 people to come with you. No if ands or buts, no exceptions. And please God, vote early and I'm not using his name in vain. Something could happen on game day. Your kid could get sick, so you can't take that chance. Bank your vote. Now the left is already doing it, folks. These people are all distracted and I'm absolutely not convinced the FBI is gonna conduct a good investigation.


I wanna show you a clip of what I'm talking about next of Chris Re, that failed FBI director, who again planted this seed that Trump wasn't shot and one of the most disgraceful things I've ever seen. And in this slob, Jerry Nadler, on the other end, these guys are totally distracted. We only have one chance to change this thing. And it's coming up in just, what is it, 102 days from now on election day.


Hey, you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Listen, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. It's about the toll. Poor sleep can take on every aspect of your life. But guess what? There's hope on the horizon. And it comes in the form of Beams Dream powder. It's been a game changer for me. See, when we're sleeping well, we can be sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws our way. Like the Friday show, Jo always sharp for. And today my listeners get a special discount on Beam's Dream Powder. They're science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar, better sleep. It's never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of rei Magnesium, altheine, Apogen and Melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. You wanna try Beam's? Bestselling Dream Powder Beam is now offering Bonino listeners an exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off, 45% off for a limited time when you Go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at checkout. That's shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino for up to 45% off its great savings. Check 'em out, Beam, we appreciate it.


I want you to watch this. And this is what I mean by we have a government right now not working for us. They will not properly investigate the murder of Corey Comparator in the attempted assassination of Donald Trump. The secret service will change nothing of substance with their mission and their big hairy, audacious goals. Nothing. If we don't win in November, you will see not a single change. Everyone's going to be in danger, including your civil liberties. This clip says it all. Here's Jerry Nadler and Christopher Ray. They're talking about an attempted assassination. They have a congressional hearing up there where the eyes of the world around them, and this is how they choose to waste everybody's time. Check this out. If Some violent rhetoric crosses over into threats of violence or leads to actual violence, could you describe how the FBI looks at this relationship between rhetoric and action and what you are seeing around the country?


So I appreciate the question, and this is an issue that I've been talking about for some time. You know in our view, there is a right way and a wrong way under the First Amendment to express your views. No matter how passionate or even angry you are. And violence and threats of violence is not the right way. And we don't care what you're upset about or who you're upset with. When from the FBI's perspective, when it turns to violence and threats of violence, that's when we have to draw the line. That's when we get engaged. And there is an alarming phenomenon that we've seen over the last several years of that kind of passion and heated rhetoric turning into actual violence and threats of violence.


We've seen it against public officials of all sorts. We've seen it against law enforcement. We need to take a timeout. Well, might not time out from the live stream. Justin's Like. what do you mean we're, this is live. We're like streaming I promise you like this is live. I I just got another, I just got another unbelievable tip from to say an insider that I'm, I'm debate now. I gotta put this out there. 'cause this again is just the guy running the secret ServiceNow.


The acting director, Ron Rowe, who replaced the other failure. Kim Cheadle, the former director was the deputy director before he got promoted. He was in charge of everyday direct protective operations. Do you understand that? We failed. A man was murdered and he got a promotion. I just got a lead from, let's just say a friend saying that po, which stands for Protective Operations. That's the division responsible for all protection. Okay? So the, just so you understand, this is important. You understand the breakdown. I'll make it quick. You have the director of the Secret Service, you have the deputy director of the Secret Service, and then you have the assistant director of protective operations.


Okay? I'm Wow. Wow, you got that. I got from a source that PO protective operations was not sending counter snipers to sites that weren't drivable from DC for the Donald Trump detail. Now folks, if you're in the media, get your pens out right now, Justin. You understand that what I'm saying, if it wasn't drivable from DC 'cause that's where the counter sniper guys are located in Washington dc They're uniform division, they're not agents. You gotta understand that the Secret Service has an agent, division 18 elevens, and then you have uniform division.


They are not, they are not GS 18 elevens. They're uniform police officers. The Counter Sniper division only comes from the uniform division. They are, they are headquartered in DC Whether it was a money saving thing, I don't know. He didn't get into that. But that is a stunning piece of information that counter snipers were not being sent to Donald Trump events if it wasn't drivable from Washington dc Define drivable. Justin just said it. Define drivable. What does that mean? One tank of gas, eight hours, one workday. Folks, that's a shocking piece of information.


This is wow. And the source is unimpeachable on that. That is shocking. This guy's life is being put in danger. 'cause you're trying to what? Save on airplane tickets. Oh my gosh. And you just promoted the guy Ron Johnson and others. Oh yeah. What is it? Did you do that? Look at this. Justin's like guy's here by himself. He's like taking all kinds of liberties with the show today. Ron Johnson and others. Josh Hawley, the senators who've been on top of this thing. Jim Jordan. I need you to ask Ron Rowe that question. How many sites get a list of Donald Trump sites protected sites and rallies and get the site post assignment log and get the SOD surveys, the Special Operations Division surveys, And I.


Wanna see how many Secret Service counter snipers were at those events? This is easy to prove. And if there were none at events outside of some undefined driving distance around DC, they better answer some questions as to why he's only the most threatened man on planet Earth. Holy shit. That kicked me in the balls right there. Whew. You know what you guys in the chat are probably just as this is, this is incredible ad during the show, the benefit of you being on a live stream with me. You know. Let me take a quick, quick break.


I just don't have, take the show. It's our last break of the show and then we'll roll because I got Operation Recon Kamala, did you see? See his clip from Pierce Morgan yesterday? You know Michael Knowles is the Daily Wire Knowles's one of the smartest guys out there. Just this mantles, this tool. Bagg Waha Ali trying to pretend again, Kamala Harris was not. The Porters are. This is what he actually reads. Joe Biden's own words. The guy's like don don't know what to say, man. I I know you don't. I know you don't.


Folks, I tried a lot of these protein bars out there. They're all the same. Too chewy and dense and very chalky. They crumble apart in my hand. That's why I was really excited when I heard about the launch of Magic Spoon Treats. You probably know Magic Spoon for their super popular high protein cereal. It's gotten 75,005 star views. I have big news. Magic Spoon has turned their cereal into high protein treats that are light crispy and tastes just like the classic crunchy cereal bars Magic spoons. Brand new treats are so delicious. It already become one of our favorites after the after gym snacks. Every treat has 11 grams of protein, one gram of sugar, and four net carbs so you can feel good about what you're eating. Unlike the weird chewiness of a lot of protein bars, magic Spoon Treats has a delectably, crispy and airy texture with six deliciously nostalgic flavors, including marshmallow, chocolatey peanut butter, blueberry and double chocolate, birthday cake and strawberry milkshake. Magic Spoon treats are a tasty time machine. Back to your childhood. Magic Spoon Treats are perfect for a hiking as a midnight snack. Listen, I've been a big fan of Magic Spoon Cereal for years, that's why I'm excited to partner with them for the launch of treats. Scoop up these new crispy, crunchy protein pack treats in your nearest grocery store. Magic Spoon, hold onto the dream, check 'em out. They're pretty darn tasty. You're gonna love them.


And our last sponsor today is Genus Sell Summer's here. Some of those visible dark mark sunspots that are the blemishes that the sun leaves behind it right now. Get Genus sells incredible dark spot corrector with every order of the most popular package for over 70% off helps visibly fade away dark marks, sunspots scars, and other signs of discoloration all over your skin. With the latest skincare breakthrough from our friends at Genu Sell Skincare, you'll be amazed at how quickly you could see results. You can now enjoy your summer Sun Beach and barbecues without those pesky spots. As always, you'll see the results or your money back, no questions asked. Genu sell skincare products work. Paula loves them. She looks amazing. They're cruelty free and most importantly, effective. That's why Paula uses 'em every day. Order today and get the Gen 90 instant for immediate results on all your trouble spots in as little as 12 hours. Take the Paula test, try it out. You'll love it. Genu sell.com/dan G-E-N-U-C l.com/dan. Visit genus sell.com now and get a free spa box with two bonus gifts and free shipping. Genu sell.com/dan GN u c.com/dan. Check 'em out.


Alright, back to the show of all the clips about Operation Recon, remake Kamala Harris into anything other than the San Francisco. Far left radical to the left of Bernie Sanders. Lib. She is. This is the clip I love the most. Yesterday, Michael Knowles's a very good friend. He is a great podcaster, content producer in his own right over at the Daily Wire. He went on P Morgan show and he's debating Wajiha Ali, who is an absolute tool bag and always has been a guy who lives in an alternate universe of, you know, quote facts altogether because of his own facts. They're not actual facts, he just eviscerates him. Here on the borders are narrative. Let me just tell you what's going on. The Democrats are are absolutely unloading in their diapers right now because they are terrified of the fact that Kamala Harris is the border czar.


She's, she's the borders za right now. Aveta pointed this out in the show. Kamala Harris has never relinquished the role of borders are and no one's replaced her. The border is a catastrophic train wreck, the worst it's been in American history. And it's the number one issue on a lot of voters' minds. And the person responsible as anointed by Joe Biden is Kamala Harris. So the Democrats need to make this go away. So they're just reconning it and rewriting history. But Michael Knowles has an actual quote from Joe Biden. This is epic. Watch this. They're the ones calling her the border czar. But Joe Biden never did. Kamala Harris never did. She was not the border czar. She had a responsibility to talk to these countries, specifically the Central American countries, to see if they can engage in policy.


Okay? To reduce, hang on the white, to reduce the flow of migrants. Facts matter right now, the lowest crossing of migrants. Even lower than even lower than Trump. Hang On, Wajahat, hang on. Facts do matter to Michael. Can you, for the benefit of Maja who clearly wasn't listening to you earlier, can you re repeat what Joe Biden said yes about Kamala Harris in relation to her job? Hopefully I'll add in another line too, which I excluded earlier. Wajahat, you just said that, that Biden never made her the border star or put her in charge of the border. Quote, March 24th, 2021. I've asked her, the VP today to lead our efforts with Mexico in the Northern Triangle and the countries that help are going to need help in stemming the movement of many folks stemming the migration to our southern border.


It's not her full responsibility and job, but she's leading the effort when she speaks, she speaks for me, the abuser with presidential authority and then he turns to her Madam Vice president. Thank you. I gave you a tough job. Wajeha. What about that is confusing? Okay, Lost. Now that I canand English, Jack lost I an English major. Throw Your hands up and admit you were wrong. No, I'm, I know that you guys are doing the RNCs work for them. I know you're trying. Facts matter. Wa Struggling, right? Now, You said Ladies and gentlemen, peers isn't even a conservative. Do you understand these life losers are immune to facts. They are liars.


Wajiha Ali, listen, that guy's not dumb. I'd love to tell you he's dumb. He's not Dumb is an easier answer. He's not dumb. He's evil. There's a difference. He knows he's lying and he's doing it anyway. And when presented with irrefutable facts and direct quotes, when Kamala Harris speaks about the border, she speaks for me. Quote Joe Biden unquote, as Joe Biden. Biden always has to read on the teleprompter. He still, he still has to maintain the lie. These people don't give a shit. So what's the answer? What's the answer? I understand. You're probably like, okay Dan, if we're dealing with pure demonic type evil, these people are going to lie about an obvious fact.


Like five plus five equals 10. They're gonna tell us it equals 12 and then swear by it. What do we do? We do the information warfare game too. Shows like this, folks, you all have social media accounts. I saw my buddy Kat turd, I saw a house oversight. These people have massive followings on social media every single day. You should be reminding people that Kamala Harris is the borders are, if they can lie, we can tell the truth. Our information channels matter too. What pisses them off is that Elon owns Twitter now, And, they can't fact check this to fact check into I relevancy and that we can fight back. It's your job for the next 102 days to act like, like frontline infantry soldiers in the information war.


If they can bullshit people, we can un bullshit them. It's the only answer. Don't let frustration get to you. Believe me, I understand. I get it that it's super frustrating that these people are demonic, that they're evil, they know they're lying And, they do it anyway. Believe me. I understand. But folks, this show is powerful. Someone tweeted out an image yesterday congratulating Tucker for hitting the number one spot on Spotify. Do You know what the top five shows were? One I think was Tucker two I two was Joe Rogan. Then there was some don Don't Know Some a female podcast for for Young Ladies.


And then it was the Dan Bongino Show. Three of the top five shows were information warfare shows that are, I'm not gonna call 'em conservative, but were definitely not liberal. 'cause don don't know Rogan's politics and Tucker's more of a libertarian type. We can win this game too. You got out kick over there, Bobby Burack, Democrat Lawmakers, Receive, Talking, Points, On, How, To Discuss, Kamala Harris, Role, At, The Border. One of the talking points it was handed out to the Democrats was Don't call Kamala Harris. The borders are even though everybody knows she was. So what do we do? We write articles and talk about their talking points, humiliating them. Remember the Alinsky rules? What is one of the most powerful weapons in politics?


Chat stirs, who knows one of the most powerful, if not the most powerful weapon in politics, mockery. Because there is no way to respond to it without anger. They don't know what to do. Mock them, laugh at them, they deserve it. And make sure you keep this clip highlighted. This is not mine. So I'm asking everyone out there with access to video, Twitter, X, excuse me, Twitter, X, true social Facebook, send this everywhere. For the people out there insisting that the Biden administration, that Kamala wasn't the border czar and that they fixed the problem and it was Donald Trump who did everything wrong.


I want you to watch, remember, and Brain Tattoo this piece where Alejandro Makis, the DHS secretary, one on Nicole Wallace's show and bragged, actually bragged about scrapping all of the Trump order policies that were actually working. It's on video. You can't make this go away and we're not gonna let you take a look. And, I'd like to understand from you what Trump era immigration policies have been banned, ended, reversed. And if any investigations are underway by you, So we have rescinded so many Trump immigration policies, it would take so much time to list them.


Don't let them forget that. Ever, ever. Take that clip, all of these accounts out there and wokeness cat, turd You. know who you are out there. The Dilly meme team. All of you guys, you guys out there who dominate social media, put that everywhere. Everywhere they did this and Kamala Harris was in charge. That is a full stop statement. Don't let him forget it. They're in panic mode. They can't let you see the truth. Here is the biggest bullshit artist on tv. A guy by the name of Dan Dale, who hilariously calls himself a fact checker.


This guy's nothing more than a Soviet era Propagandist again, an embarrassment. An embarrassment to anyone who calls themselves a journalist. Here he is trying to fact check the Kamala Harris's border czar title. Despite the fact we just read you from Michael Knowles, the quote about Biden appointing Kamala appointing her to freaking border Czar. Watch this. He Said she was Joe Biden's border czar. She wasn't. She was never put in charge of the border. She was given a much more limited assignment to lead a so-called root causes diplomatic effort trying to address the reasons in Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras that people choose to migrate. Now, many Republicans scoff at this kind of fact check.


They're like, there are a bunch of articles back in 2021 that called Her Borders are. Frankly, those articles were wrong. And if you look at CNN's own coverage, not to toot her own horn, but you'll see that the White House in Harris's office consistently as early as early 21 pushed back on that framing. Thank you. News busters again. So just to be clear, dip shit. The same media that got collusion wrong, spygate wrong, the laptop wrong, and he's now claiming they got wrong. Their stories claiming Kamala Harris was the border czar. We should now believe them that she wasn't the border czar. Despite Noel's reading Joe Biden's actual words about Joe Biden appointing Kamala, the borders are Daniel Dale grow some other testicles.


You castrated eunuch show a shred of human dignity. Where were you fact checking the media when she was appointed the port czar? If she wasn't appointed the Porter Za and you wrote about her being the Porter Czar, however much you hate these absolute life loser, disgusting slobs. It is not enough. What if, sure Donald Trump was shot in the, oh, the resolution about her being a boy. I know this is vice president was name border are it doesn't, it doesn't matter. Everybody knows she's the border Za. Again, this is an information warfare game.


It's not a truth warfare game. I wanna be clear on that. The truth is the truth. We are on the side of the truth. It's not, they don't care about the truth. It's not like we're fighting to get them to recognize something. And Daniel Dale doesn't know he's lying. Dale's evil. He's not being mis, it's not an act of misfeasance. It's malfeasance. These are little mini demons in the media. They know they're lying. We're not fighting them to go, here's the, they know the truth. It's our job to fight back and damn right, I'm gonna do it. This happened yesterday too, to the Donald Trump team.


Listen again. You don't nobody, everything. You're doing a great job over there, And I. I certainly don't want to be presumptuous in trying to give anyone advice, but I'm asking you as a friend to just listen here if you would for a minute. I know this. We have the largest MAGA audience out there by far. It's not even close. It's not even a close second that is on this show. And I'm asking you as a favor, do not fall into this debate trap. I'm not telling you not to debate Kamala Harris. That's not what I'm saying. I'm just telling you, you agreed to debate Joe Biden. You now defeated Joe Biden. Joe Biden is a defeated oatmeal brains mess. He the guy, still a kid sniffing woman groping loser, destroyed the country.


You defeated him. At no point did you agree to debate Kamala Harris under the same conditions. You agreed to debate Joe Biden. That never happened. Kamala Harris, she knows she can't defeat Trump in a debate. So what is she trying to do? She's trying to get the same rules we agreed to for Joe Biden for her, so that the battlefield is slanted so that she can win. You are under no obligation whatsoever to agree to debate this woman under the old rules. She's afraid she's gonna get crushed. That's why she wants all the rules that were waited for Joe Biden to apply to her, even though no such deal was ever made.


Listen to this bullshit gaslighting from Kamala Harris yesterday insisting that Oh yeah, this debate was already agreed to. No, no it wasn't. There was a VP ag, a debate that may have been agreed to when you, you were the vice president, not as the presidential nominee. Stop bullshitting people. Take a look at this. So many of you have been asking me about the debate and I'll tell you, I'm ready to debate Donald Trump. I have agreed to the previously agreed upon September 10th debate. He agreed to that previously. Now it appears he's backpedaling. But I'm ready. And I, think the voters deserve to see the split screen that exists in this race on a debate stage.


And so I'm ready. Let's go. We No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Time out to the Trump team. I I know you guys are on this. Again, you don't need advice from me. I don. Wanna be clear on that? That is bullshit. Yes. You should debate her. She's the weakest candidate. I I think she's an even weaker candidate personally when her history comes out than Joe Biden. Joe Biden had the cognitive thing that was falling apart. That was a real downer. Obviously she doesn't have that issue. And I don't wish Ill health on anyone, obviously. However, she is a pathetic candidate. You should debate her. But you are under no obligation whatsoever having conceded 20 different variables to Joe Biden to get him on the debate stage, to concede the same variables to a totally different candidate you made no such deal with, whatsoever.


None. By the way, why would Donald Trump even agree to a debate with Kamala Harris? She's not even the nominee yet. Justin, am I wrong? Has the DNC happened? Did we miss it? It did not fact checkers. Dan Dale cranial recto head, remove it from your ass. Put it back on on top of your shoulders. She's not even a nominee. There's already a representative, I believe up in Maine or wherever. What was it? Colorado saying, ah, You. know what I'm not sure about Kamala Harris, she's not the nominee yet. Why would we agree to anything with anyone until the Democrats can figure out who they're gonna run for President.


No one's ducking a debate with you. You are a loser. You got destroyed by Mike Pence, who by the way, is not even that great of a debater. You got totally exposed. All you kept saying, I'm span hag, I'm span hag. You were. And you humiliated yourself. You got crushed. Even Democrats had to acknowledge you were terrible. Do not get suckered here speaking. You wanna see how bad she is in a debate? I have been dying to play this man. Do you guys remember this? Remember this in the, this is how great of a debater, obviously that word great's doing a lot of work there. Kamala Harris is, remember when she debated in the Democrat primary and got absolutely bodied by Tulsi Gabbard and it ended her campaign overnight.


Kamala Harris' pathetic. She's weak. She has no ability to extemporaneously think on the spot. She's not clever, she's not likable. She's none of these things. This debate ended her entire P presidential campaign and she had to take a back bencher sheet seat to the oatmeal. God, this is a classic. Check this out. I wanna Bring the conversation back to the broken criminal justice system that is disproportionately negatively impacting black and brown people all across this country today. Now, Senator Harris says she's proud of her record as a prosecutor and that she'll be a prosecutor present. but I'm deeply concerned about this record.


There are too many examples to cite. But she put over 1500 people in jail for marijuana violations and then laughed about it when she was asked if she ever smoked marijuana, she blocked evidence. She blocked evidence that would have freed an innocent man from death row until the courts forced her to do so. She kept people in prison beyond their sentences to use them as cheap labor for the state of California. And she fought to keep tax, thank you congresswoman bail system in place that impacts poor people in the worst kind of way. Thank you Congresswoman. Senator Harris, Absolutely bodied by Tulsi Gabbard. Done.


That was the end of her campaign. Oh look, it hasn't happened yet. Shit. I thought we missed it. He says it's Monday, August 19th. If you look on the screen, You know what though? You just made a mistake. You use Wikipedia. So I don't trust that. It may have already happened. It may have. You made a huge, I told you guys anytime there's no, it's not allowed on the show ever. Folks, double check that folks in the chat says presumptive. Is that the actual day? She is not even the nominee. She can't debate for shit. So does Trump team. Yeah, you should debate her definitely. But you are under no obligation whatsoever to agree to rules you agree to with Biden, not her. It's not our fault. The Democrats suck and can't pick a nominee and pick the guy with a cognitive disorder. And now they're going to the number two who never made it outta Iowa.


By the way, here's who Kamala really is. Again, we're gonna show you the real Kamala on this show. Everyone out there, get your, get your pencils ready as I see these clips appearing over and over, keep playing them. Here's Kamala Harris on 18 to 24 year olds. If you are in that cohort, that group of young men and women out there listening to the show, brothers and sisters, it's an honor to have you here. Much love, man. I'd pound my heart, but my elbows don't work. Kamala Harris thinks you're a bunch of freaking morons. I don't. I'm happy to have you here. Check this out. Remember, age is more than a chronological fact. What else do we know about this population? 18 through 24. They are stupid.


That is why we put them in dormitories. And. they have a resident assistant. They make really bad decisions. There's your gal right there. You you love the economy. The shit economy. Real wages going down. It's what's Kamala gonna say about that? I guarantee you she tries to slowly, slowly partition this off and go, oh, the economic stuff. Well, yeah, that's Joe Biden. I have a new vision. Vista's going forward. Kamala 2024, new vision of the economy got nothing to do with that old stuff. Winky, Winkie nod. No, really?


Here's Kareem. John Pierre just yesterday saying, yeah, Kamala Harris was a critical partner in all of these economic plans that led to your wallet getting lighter. It's not me saying it, it's them saying it. Check this out. She's been Doing this job with the president for almost four years. She's a former senator and has been a critical partner in getting the economy re restarted. Restarted. That's freaking hilarious. Woman's a communist. The woman is a straight up communist. No, it's a fact. Ladies and gentlemen, communism, socialism, progressivism. 'cause they're all euphemisms for the exact same redistribution schemes.


The central 10 of them is this, whatever you earn doesn't belong to you. It belongs to someone else. Whether they earned it or not. They call this now equity. It's a buzz term for communism. It's a buzz term for redistribution. Redistribution means stealing from you to give to someone else. Listen to me. No system is perfect, but there isn't a system of economic growth anywhere on planet earth that can match the wealth and prosperity development of capitalism. That's a fact. And you're a freaking moron. If you think other words, get the hell off my show, you are too stupid to watch me go somewhere else. Go watch the young Turks. That's a fact.


You look at the poorest places on earth, North Korea, communist run, redistributionist economies. They're run by the exact same bullshit that you should take from others and give to someone else. Now, of course, in order to sell this bullshit, communists, communists, communists like Kamala freaking communists like Kamala, what do they do? They've gotta sell you on this line that, my gosh, some people are born with disadvantages. So you've gotta steal from others to give to them. And then you hear this, if you're a dopey person, a stupid person who's susceptible to communist ideas and you're like, yeah, that's right.


Some people are born with privileges. Yeah, some people are. And a lot of people who get really wealthy and successful aren't folks. My father was a plumber. That's a fact. He was a building inspector and he's a good man and he busted his ass to gimme opportunities. you know what? My mother worked Goldman Sachs, right? Dan no finest supermarket. The checkout counter for $3 an hour. Why should I have to give my earnings that I busted my ass for or anyone else forget me to someone else who didn't earn them.


and by the way, how do You know someone who doesn't have what I have or other people who are prosperous maybe like yourself, your upper middle class or whatever. How do You know they weren't born with a silver spoon and pissed it away, started doing drugs, partying. How do You know that you don't know Shit. Stay the outta my life. Get outta my life. You don't know shit about me. You didn't earn a damn thing. Kamlan. You know it. You didn't earn squat. You got ahead because of political patronage. Are you shitting me talking about equity and stealing other people's stuff? This woman is a straight up freaking communist. Listen to this.


It Has to be about a goal of saying everybody should end up in the same place. And since we didn't start in the same place, some folks might need more equitable distribution. Giving resources based on equity, understanding that we, we fight for equality, but we also need to fight for equity. Understanding. Not everyone starts out at the same place. So there's a big difference between equality and equity. Equality suggests often everybody should get the same thing. Well, that often assumes everybody started out in the same place as opposed to equity, which is everyone should end up in the same place.


And if you then understand, not everybody started out in the same place. You understand Some people need more. so we all end up in the same place, right? We all end up in the same place. This woman is a freaking communist. She is a communist. You are telling me your dad or your mom or your kids who took a risk and busted their ass. I left my freaking job. I, I nearly lost my house to do it. 'cause I believed in something that someone who didn't take that risk and maybe sat in her fat freaking ass is entitled to my earnings or your earnings because they sat around and didn't do anything and we should all end up in the same place.


She is a freaking communist. That is it. You can play all the word games you want. Kamala Harris is a communist. You want communism vote Kamala Harris play that clip everywhere. We should all end up in the same spot. Can you imagine? This is Florida, it's 95. It's pretty hot this week. Is it not Justin? There's this guy, this crew of people busting their ass. We had this problem over there. We had to get a bunch of big rocks 'cause there's this big land erosion problem. Rocks folks. I mean like boulders. There's like five guys over at this property moving these things.


You are telling me these guys busting their ass that their earnings should be redistributed to some slob beaten Twinkies on the freaking couch. Who doesn't wanna do jack shit? Because Kamala, who never did shit her entire life and has been a product of political patronage, said So don, don't owe you shit, man. Get off your ass and you do your own freaking work. I don't owe you anything. Zero jack shit. And Jack Left Town go to work. Lazy freaking bums. This communist bullshit she's spouting appeals to one group of people. Only lazy freaking bums go to work.


It's the United States of America. Find a job. You know how many toilet poles I cleaned, how many mausoleums I cleaned in Mount Carmel Cemetery and Cypress Hill? How many newspapers I delivered when my friends were out drinking? I had to go to sleep to do my paper out in the morning, working two jobs as a police cadet and in a freaking supermarket stocking shells. I don't owe you shit. We should all end up in the same place. Bullshit. And what? We should all get favors from La San Francisco. Connected, liberal, wannabe politicians like you did.


Freaking phony bullshit artist. That's exactly what this woman is and she's a freaking communist. You just heard her say it. I wanna leave on, I'm sorry. I just, This show is like, Dan, you sound a little crazy. You go from there. I am. I'm a lot of crazy. This next Kare j Pierre clip, I don't even wanna tease this. It's short. I promise. Just run the clip. Just don don't know. Many of my colleagues have asked these questions and just given the historic nature of the announcement and the decision, I think it's important to get some more transparency.


You just said that the president thought long and hard about the decision to exit the raise, but also yesterday you said that he made a decision on Saturday night and prior to That's there's I, you could still think about something long and hard if he started thinking about it on Saturday night and finally made his decision on Sunday. You're talking about the Biden family thinking about, And Whenever you're talking about Biden's and, oh man, I had a, I'm sorry man, I had to get that in.


I can't go into the radio show without playing for you. That clip, they thought long and and and hard and and she had to make sure she really on Saturday night, on Saturday night was thinking about long and hard. Folks, been an amazing week, man. Thank you so much. We were the top three stream the entire week. Thank you so much. Thank you for also making a Vita's show. A huge hit top a hundred news show on both a Spotify apple. She was just exploding on Rumble. You can find a Vita's 9:00 AM show every day at Rumble dot com slash bino report. Give her a follow while you're there. Please on Rumble, follow our show too.


Rumble dot com slash bino. Download the Rumble app. The show is absolutely free. Join us every day. Live at 11:00 AM Avid at nine. We so appreciate it. Please give us a follow on Apple and Spotify as well. Folks, it is driving liberals batshit crazy that we were the top one of the top five shows on Spotify. It's driving them nuts. Just look at it online, keep us up there, give us a follow. That's how they determine that stuff. We really appreciate it. See you on the radio show here in Rumble in a few minutes and back here on Monday. Thanks for tuning in. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.