
You don't buy a life jacket when the boat's already sinking and you don't buy gold when the economy's already collapsed. Clearly, others are heating this device as gold hit all time highs in the first part of 2025. It's not too late for you. Two, protect your family's future with gold. From Birch Gold held in attack shelter at IRA. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 To get your free and fo hit on gold. Let the experts at Birch Gold help you secure your future today with gold text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Message and data rate supply. Dan Bonino, welcome to The Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bongino. I wanna play this for you first because the Bonino army out there and all of our supporters, you guys and ladies out there have been amazing.


And someone, one of you sent this to me and a, a friend of mine sent it to me as well, and I gave this speech at the Heritage Foundation 11 years ago, and it was about good people stepping up, not just me. It's not about me, it's about a bigger vision I want you to listen to. It's about a minute and a half of it, but it's worth your time. Check this out. It can, we can fix it though, folks, and I think it's gonna take some good passionate people going forward, and I think it's gonna take more people to speak out. There's a, I think right now there's a crisis of, of internal leadership. I think people during a recession are afraid to leave.


But I speak to people all the time on my cell phone, on the inside who are just as frustrated as I am, whether from the military or anywhere else, and I think it's gonna take just a tidal wave of people speaking out to really create some effective change. This is really hard for me folks. I hope you understand. I, we spent a long time building this. We, me, my wife, gee, Michael, Justin, Jasmine Avita, my wife and I started doing this show, and it started in a basement.


It was me, Joe, and Paula. That was it. We started doing the show and Paula was putting together show clips for me. We never expected it to become this, this, this, this massive live stream and podcast and radio show. We never expected it. I would, I I I knew you guys were going to be there for us. So to ha to walk away from it. Yeah, it's not easy.


And getting like money and all that other crap that doesn't, gives a damn about any of that stuff. We'll figure that out later. But, you know, I'm not gonna tell you as an audience what's been one of our just bedrock principles of this, this, this bonino army out there and this people that the, that the massive audience we've had. What, what, what's one of the bedrock principles, right? The do matters. We've talked about the do you can talk all you want. I tell you all the time, I don't feel like I have a real job. I don't, I I don't, I don't, I don't feel like, I feel like you guys are the ones out there getting your hands dirty. The, you know, the truckers, the cops, the pilots, you know, the architects, the men and women in our military.


I appreciate everything. But if the do matters, I'm not gonna sit here as a commentator, talking head, whatever dopey title we have for, I'm not gonna sit here and tell you the do matters and then sit on my ass when an opportunity comes to do the right thing. And, and not only talk about everything we wanted to change, but actually change it. There are a lot of people listening today, and I hope you understand that more in a minute. But first, you don't


go out and buy a life jacket when the boat's already sinking and you don't buy gold when the economy's already collapsed. Clearly others are heating this advice as gold hit all time highs, the first part of 2025. It's not too late for you too. The company I trust to help you diversify into physical gold is Birch Gold Company. I buy my gold from Birch Gold, specializes in helping you convert an existing IRA of 401k into a tax sheltered IRA in physical gold for no money outta pocket. Just listen to this five star review quote, knowledgeable, helpful, non-pressure. That's what you get with Birch Gold. That's why I've endorsed them for so long. Get your free info kit on gold by texting the word bonino to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. There's no obligation, just useful information with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau and countless five star views. Text BONINO to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and let the experts at Birch Gold help you secure your future today with gold message and data rates apply.


I wanna address something too. I I know, you know, New York Times and others of course, are all of the attack pieces start already, which is fascinating from these two who were on the wrong side of the truth when it came to the collusion hoax and others. I don't think they understand what it's like to commit to service, not partisan service, but service. I get it. If you are a political opponent of mine that has been involved with proudly celebrating a weaponized justice system, how you don't understand how a guy like me who discusses partisan content in an opinion show can go and do a unquestionably nonpartisan job.


I'm gonna ask you a simple question. Have you seen what I did before I came here? I'm committed to service people play different roles in their lives. People are dads, people are soccer coaches, people are cops and military, military officers and military enlisted people. People are carpenters, people are plumbers. We play different roles in our life and each one requires a different skillset. I've been there. I know what this is like, and it's time for me to step up folks.


I, I have to thank my family first though. You know, a lot of, most of you know Paula. Paula's been with me a long time. Folks, we met, I don't know if you know the story. It's certainly not my autobiography today, but we met just a, a couple of weeks before nine 11. I mean an actual couple of weeks, like two weeks before nine 11. I, my second date hadn't even happened with Paula and I. She worked at one 20 Broadway, which is the building that looks right into the World Trade Center right there.


She worked for a company at the time called SIA. The nine 11 attacks happened. I had only been on one date with her. We barely knew each other, but I knew I was in love. So I, I called her and she didn't answer the phone. I thought she was dead. I did. I I panicked. I thought she was dead. I couldn't believe it. I said, I just met this woman. Well, it turned out we had been on one date and she was actually in Nevada. Her mom lived in, in Centennial Hills in Nevada, actually Summerland, I think back then.


And she was out in Nevada and I couldn't believe she was alive. But we met two weeks before the most devastating terror attack. One of 'em in American history. That was an an event. We all scarred us forever. I was an agent watching that. We've been through a lot together. We've been through the Secret Service. We've been through the president's detail. We've been through cancer. We've been through some health crises with her. We have two beautiful daughters, one in college and one younger, one still in, in grammar school.


We've been through three runs for political office. We've been through the launch of a podcast 11 years ago, and everybody laughed at us. They're not laughing now. They did. They actually laughed at us. Oh, podcast. That's cute. What happened? Can't get a real show. We lived through all of that. We spent our last $10,000 on a microphone and some mixers in a basement of our house in Maryland. Paula has always been willing to take a chance on me. Always. She said on her first date that she knew I was something special, which I didn't think I was anything special back then, but I guess she did.


She's been busting her ass all weekend. Why? Because it's gonna be a major transition. It's not gonna be the last show, but we've only got a few more left with you. So obviously we're gonna be working with a team of people to make this transition from me. Political commentator, Dan to deputy director of the FBI, Dan. Those are different roles, require different skills. Skills I have and have used before, and I plan to use again. It's gonna hurt to leave you. I'll discuss over the course of the coming days, I'll be with you for a little bit longer on radio and on my show, I'll discuss exactly what's gonna happen.


It's not gonna impact Avita or Haley's content at all. My wife has been running the business for a long time. I don't get involved with the business at at all. I do the talking. But I wanna ask you, who's next, who's next? This isn't just about me, folks. The do matters. Who's next? You know, I said last week and couple of media critics commented, I said, we're all gonna have to take it on the chin a little bit. Now, do you see what I meant? I never got in this for the money or notoriety.


Listen, I enjoy making money and that I can impact people's lives and that people come out and say nice things to me as much as the next guy. But if you think that's why I got involved in this running as a Republican in deep blue Maryland, my life of activism and, and my time in the Secret Service. If you think I get into Secret Service to get rich and you don't know me and you haven't seen the government salary scale, But I am going in this clear ride vision of President Trump, attorney General Bondi and Director Patel. I'm gonna do my job to implement that vision. And I can tell you right now, we are gonna try our best.


Every single thing I have in me, every single strand of DNA cell in my body is gonna be dedicated towards keeping this homeland safe. No matter what. No matter what. That's my job. We're gonna reestablish faith in this institution that the good people there doing their job, hitting the streets, developing sources. We'll have your back. We are gonna reestablish faith in this institution. The FBI belongs to the American people, doesn't belong to me, doesn't belong to anyone else but the American people. But this is the honor of a lifetime and it's a serious mission.


And I plan on implementing that vision. Folks, there are a small number of people out there in the country right now dedicated to doing really bad things. It's not mo the, the overwhelming majority of Americans are patriots that love this country and love their family. They love their jobs. They go to work every day. But there are a small number of really bad people out there who are planning on really bad things from terrorists to narco traffickers, child sex rings, gang members. I tell you right now, I'm not gonna rest easy until we find as many of you as we can.


Don't sleepy know after today that, that's my mission, Folks. Of course, the constitution matters. We're gonna get back to the four corners of that document that guide us all as well. And I think, you know, from my history of covering content here, that, that, that's, that, that the primacy of that is really important. You understand that it is the one thing that dictates all the rest of your actions. And that's the constitution, again, regarding the show folks going forward. I will tell you how we're gonna wind my portion of the show down, and I'm just gonna leave you with this before I get to some other content.


And we've got a couple more. We've got some shows for you lined up. So I, I actually put a show together, even though this has been harder than I thought. I, I didn't plan on this, I didn't plan on a lot of things, but I want you to know it is the honor of my lifetime. And I hope I'm making a plea to you all personally. I hope you're not angry or upset at me for making this decision. I knew it was the right thing to do, but there is a big cost and I understand that there is a chance when the mission's over that you guys all disappear and go somewhere else.


I'm not gonna lie to you, it's been on my mind for a long time. I hope not. I love you guys, but I, this is a mission I can't say no to. Sorry guys. JL SOEs. Holy moly, Batman. We're so proud of you, Dan.


We love you, Dan. I love you guys too. I woke up this morning, I was just, I jumped in that cold plunge to kind of clear my head a little bit and I got out of it. And I have to tell you folks, this is very surreal. What an honor. What an honor.


So that was a clip from The Dan Bongino Show. You can watch the full show on Rumble. All you have to do is go to rumble.com/bonino, where we go live every weekday at 11:00 AM Eastern time. Hope to see you there.