
Open an IRA in gold with birch gold and you can get free silver ship directly to your home. It's the only time of the year that birch gold gives away a free one ounce silver eagle. For every $5,000 purchased, simply convert an existing IRA of 401k into a tax sheltered IRA in physical gold and birch Gold will send you free silver text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 before December 18th. For a free info hit on gold and to claim your eligibility for free silver on qualifying purchases from Birch Gold. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Message and data rate supply.


Dan Bonino, Welcome to The Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino. They are trying to Kavanaugh Pete. He set folks serious time. We are not letting this happen folks. This is the hill to die on. They Kavanaugh, Pete Hesset and folks, the swamps are ready. One, they're doing it again. Your boy Dan here, does not let you down. I told you, if we capitulated on gates, they were simply gonna move to someone else. It's not we us. It's these Republican rhino phony frauds. And what happened? They are doing it again.


There is a concerted effort behind the scenes by a bunch of Republican. Remember, we don't need the Democrats. We have 53 Republicans in the new Senate. We don't need the Democrats. Matter of fact, we can have three Republicans who are fake like Murkowski, who's a garbage person. Susan Collins in Maine. You get what you get. Whatever. I don't expect anything from her and you're never gonna get it anyway. And then you can throw in this guy from Utah, this other one who looks like a total loser and, and, and you still, and JD Vance is the tying vote and the Republican party, the swampy that will vote for any shit. Bird Democrat you put up there. Merrick Garland, Alejandro Makis, Javier Baia as Joe Biden calls him the black guy, secretary of Defense.


Some of you'll get that. That's not me folks. Biden doesn't know his name. What is, what does he call Stewart? Sta Stewart's, right? Stewart's like, oh my gosh, he called the black Stewart. Wake the fuck up. Go look at the video. The show's dedicated to Stewart today from the New York Times. Stewart. Don't ever email us. You're gonna become part of the show immediately. How much respect guys do we have for the New York Times? Absolutely zero. Zero. I have zero respect. Aveta can send me a post from a 12-year-old writing a blog about the Auburn Tigers. I trust that cat more than I trust the New York Times. Whatever the New York Times says, I assume the opposite is true more in a minute.


But first birch gold open an IRA in gold. With birch gold you can get free silver ship directly to your home. That's right. It's the most wonderful time of the year. The only time of the year that birch Gold gives away a free one ounce silver eagle for every $5,000 purchase. And here's the best part, you don't have to pay a penny out of pocket. Simply convert an existing IRA or 401k into a tax shelter IRA and physical gold and birch Gold will send you a free silver coin directly to your home. Now you may be thinking, why do you need to diversify into gold? My guy's headed to dc. Things are good. Well here's the facts. An administration trying to reverse a $35 trillion national debt and just four years like a field mouse trying to stop a freight train. It's tough. Can't even afford to pay the interest on the debt, let alone the principle. So take action now. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 before December 18th for a free info kit on gold and to claim your eligibility for free silver on qualifying purchases from Birch Gold. Do this before December 18th and again, text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 for peace of mind that lasts longer than four years. Message and data rate supply.


They are trying to Kavanaugh Hegseth. Now how many freaking times do I have to explain the left wing? Wait, someone putting a counter for Stewart? We have started Stewart officially attacking assholes in the media. Let's get the counter going. The left wing media practices. So Alinsky's rules for radicals. You know, so Alinsky, so Alinsky was a left wing organizer. What are they doing? I told you, if you didn't continue rockham sock robots, stick it in the chat. Rock 'em, sock 'em. Robots kids. If you don't do rock 'em sock 'em robots and keep hitting them, then what's gonna happen?


Put up. Rule number 11, the media are left wing organizers folks. They're not actual journalists. Stewart doesn't plan on writing an objective piece, doing journalistic skills and applying them. Stuart's trying to take a dump on right wingers 'cause he disagrees with us. So what do you do? The same thing they're doing with Pete. Pick the target, Pete. He said freeze it, personalize it, polarize it. Don't extra. Don't attack abstractions, corporations or bureaucracies. Identify a responsible individual. Pete. Ignore attempts to shift or spread the blame.


How many times do I gotta explain this? You now, gee, who never says anything about anything ever. Gee's. Only answers are yes and no. That's it. You gotta like, you have to talk in code to, gee reminds me of that movie The Martian. When they figure out a way and they can only talk in like yes or nos because the camera can only 0.1. That's gh. He never says anything, ever. Gee comes in this morning, he goes, You know what they need to do? They need to nominate someone else. They do. They need to pick someone who is gonna stir up the media machine and throw that name out there right away. Rock 'em. Soccer robots. I'm not saying sabotage anything or anyone, I'm just saying pick some patriot they hate for, they just hate 'em because they're a conservative.


And then blow the news cycle out tomorrow. Because why? Because So alinsky's rules work for us too. Rule number seven, kids, sorry, the other way, everything's backwards. A tactic that drags on for too long becomes a drag commitment may become ritualistic as people turn to other issues, people will turn to other issues if you give them other issues. Listen, I know everybody knows what they're doing. I'm not trying to get up anyone's caboose here, right? I'm just telling you right now that you gotta shake up the news cycle. Pete is being character assassinated because that's what the media does.


They are left wing organizers. These are not journalists. They are assholes. They have never been journalists in their entire lives. Nobody respects them. They don't even understand that we, we are the news now we the Bonino Army rules. You guys can genuflect before us now. We're in charge. You suck. Nobody trusts you and everybody watches us because you suck. I need you Now get on the phone. I don't care where you're from, respectfully. 'cause the other don't do anything else but respectfully.


You know the rules. Get on the phone and start tweeting at Joni Ernst, Lindsey Graham and that Utah. What's his name? Curtis. I hear this is another guy. Get on the phone folks. This stuff matters. I'm telling you guys in the Senate, if you really believe that this show Benny show, Charlie Kirk show Dili's meme team and others, if you really believe, we're just gonna forget. Oh no. They'll just forget about it. They'll just forget about it. You are in for another tea party revolution. We're getting tired of this shit. You got your scalp, you knocked out gates. We're not letting this go.


Pete is the guy. Here's Pete, just this morning and do not withdraw your name. Listen to me. Do not withdraw your name no matter what. President Trump should come out on the record today and say there's gonna be an up or down vote. I want everyone on the record. Everyone forget Collins and Murkowski. You're not gonna get anything from them. Murkowski's a, a, a, the biggest scrub in the Senate. An absolute life loser with not a shred of human dignity. She is the only politician in the country where seriously, there's a part of me that says, You know what?


I'd almost rather lose that seat to a Democrat if chairmanships weren't involved. That way we can get rid of the Democrat in six years because we're stuck with this loser for life. She's never gonna go away. She has no set of ethics at all. Collins is in Maine. Don't even worry about Collins. I'm serious. You're not gonna get any better. I'm really sorry. Reminds me like Mark Kirk in Illinois. You got what you got. Murkowski is from Alaska. You're never gonna meet a bigger group of Patriots. This is bullshit. Here's Pete this morning. He says he's not there. Do not drop out. Do not withdraw your name.


We lose this. They're gonna have Mike Flinder and Kavanaugh and then the swamps gonna know they're back in charge and we're gonna be fighting every freaking foreign war with a woke military cutting troops nuts off for on your taxpayer dime while a guy with a root canal can't go out in the field to fight. Check this out. Have you had any conversations with the president elect ballot replacing you? Mr. Governor DeSantis? I spoke to the president elect this morning. He said, keep going. Keep fighting behind you all the way. So you're in this all the way. Why would I back down? I've always been a fighter. I'm here for the more fighters.


This person passionate for me not withdrawing your name from consideration. Just to be clear, we're meeting all day with senators. I know your mom was just on Fox. She says that you are a change. Please do not withdraw your name, please. If you go down with this, I want everyone on the record. Ladies and gentlemen, we're in charge. Now. You can say all you want. It's bravado. You guys are cocky. You know what you can do. You can go fuck yourself. We are in charge. Throw it up. We're in charge. It's these live search app number one live stream in the world.


It's this little army we put together right here. Pat McAfee sports guy. What's he getting paid? 20, 30 million a year at ESPN. We're working in the back of a converted apartment with a TV screen behind us and we're kicking the shit out of everyone. We're in charge now. That's why the New York Times come to us with their lips attached to our ass. Can you comment on us here? You wanna see the studio? Look at that. That's like crap on the floor. I don't even know. 'cause we're not even done moving yet to the new studio. This is like a desk in the back of the place. ESPN is what? A $27 trillion budget. I love pad mag, nice guys, sports, whatever. We win. We win every day.


We're in charge. But being in charge comes with responsibility. Folks. We've got a movement to protect. And Pete Hegseth is more than just about Pete Hegseth. Yes, Pete is my friend. Disclosure and he has been for a long time. I got a lot of friends. You ever see the movie Unforgiven? I got a lot of friends. What does the guy say in response? I don't. I don't have a lot of friends, but Pete's one of them. I'm a hard guy to get along with, man. I mean it. And ask my wife. She'll tell you.


She will. I'm a hard guy to get along with. She's been with me a long time. I got a lot of issues, man, and I have no problem putting him on the air. I always think back to that crazy Howard Stern movie where he says he's gonna go for it. I decided to go for it a long time ago and I knew that was gonna open me up to a lot of criticism. But I don't have a lot of friends. I don't trust a lot of people. I trust Pete, The Dan Bongino Show. If you'd like to hear more, subscribe to The Dan Bongino Show wherever you get your podcast.