
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With, your host, Dan Bonino. So now that we've heard failed FBI, director Christopher Ray, give his update on the murder of Cory Comparator in the attempted assassination of Donald Trump. Ladies and gentlemen, there are even more questions. I can't figure this out how this happened. When I say this, I mean the drone story, the latter story, all of it. The drone story. Yes. There's stunning revelations yesterday from Ray. I got that Also. Ladies and gentlemen, Joe Biden's, a hero. Do You know guys?


He's a hero. He stepped down for the sake of democracy. That's why. Not because his polls were shit and everybody hated him. Democracy folks. Sure.


Hey, stop giving you money to woke. Companies don't care about you. Go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order.


Big show today. Loaded up. Also in the beginning of the show, two massive coverups are going on right now. Proving my point. Take me the left wing media garbage in their stories. Roll 'em up in a ball, flush 'em right down the bowl. That's all they're worth. These people are worse than communists. They're shameless losers.


Hey, you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Listen, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. It's about the toll. Poor sleep can take on every aspect of your life, but guess what? There's hope on the horizon comes in the form of Beam Dream powder. Stuff's been a game changer for me. See, when we're sleeping well, we can be sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws our way. And today my listeners get a special discount on Beam's Dream Powder, their science back to cocoa for sleep with no added sugar, better sleep is never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of rei. Magnesium, altheine, Apogen and melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. You wanna try beam's bestselling dream powder beam's now offering Bonino Listers an exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you Go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at checkout. Try this stuff out. It works at shop Beam dot com slash bino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off.


All right, fellas, let's get this show started. Hat tip, the Great Maze more on X. Joe Biden the hero gives one of the worst speeches I've ever heard last night, acknowledging he got his electoral ass kicked by Donald Trump. He has now lost two elections to Donald Trump. How to back out Now Donald Trump has to run his 76th presidential campaign. Hillary Clinton vanquished, Biden vanquished, how to steal it. Biden vanquished again after he steals it. Now he's gotta run against Kamala Harris. This is like BBB. They just keep throwing candidates at him. 'em, they just keep throwing candidates at 'em.


Don't downplay Kamala Harris with the cheating. She could still win. Don't downplay it. Everybody follow me in the chat. Do not do it. How many people are we bringing to the polls? Minimum, every time I see you, this is gonna be our new hand signal. That's for 10. We're bringing minimum of 10 people. If We don't, we fail. Period. Maize Moore, put this video out. Here's Joe Biden 13 days ago, I believe, 13 the dates on it, 13 days ago, telling you how he was not leaving the race no matter what. And now he's saving democracy 12 days later. Last night when he gave the speech last night. Check this out.


What's Joe Biden gonna do? Is he gonna stay in the race? Is he gonna drop out? Here's my I am running and we're gonna win. I'm not gonna change that. You know, in recent weeks, it's become clear to me I need to unite my party in this critical endeavor. So I've decided the best way forward is to pass the torch to a new generation. That's the best way to unite our nation. You realize these guys, if you're listening on Apple and Spotify, the production team puts these little thingies together. These imagery, the, the Biden versus Biden thing, they have up, you're watching on Rumble.


You saw it. We had to put that up because it's impossible to debate Joe Biden on any issue of substance because which Joe Biden are you debating the guy last week who was saving democracy by staying in the race? Or the guy 12 days later who's saving democracy by saying he's not the guy to stay in the race. Which guy? The answer is, I know. I don't know. I don't know. It's Joe Biden. I have no idea. The guy is the biggest phony in politics. Let me just be clear with you folks in the chat. Do you have any sympathy for this guy? I have zero. He is a bride taking influence, peddling kid, sniffing woman groping loser, who has done more destruction in three and three quarters years in the position of the presidency than any human being in a position of influence in modern American history, the economy, the collapsing border.


We're on the verge of World War iii. We've got Chinese and, and, and Russian planes skirting our, our our air defense zone in Alaska right now. And we're supposed to be thanking this loser. He can plant a big wet one on my rump. He doesn't, not owed anything. And not to mention the media is still lying, I promise. By the way, I've got some explosive stuff on the Secret Service thing. Stay tuned. I just, there's a lot going on. We got a lot to squeeze in to win our show today. I'm a little too excited. There were two massive coverups going on right now. Number one, the media, the disgusting filth bag, commie media, which whenever you think, oh my gosh, this is a new low, they certainly can't get lower than that.


We get from basement to sub-basement to like freaking Hades. Like you can't get any lower right. The media now is RT conning. Kamala Harris, like you've never seen You know what ret conning is. My, the best example of is you ever see a, a Hollywood movie like Halloween where Michael Myers is dead and then they rt con it. They just do another movie and pretend the other movie didn't happen here. Here's the definition. RT conning to revise retrospectively, typically by introducing a new piece of information that imposes a different interpretation on previously described events. That's what they're doing right now with Kamala Harris Occam's Razor. It's rewriting the past, despite the fact that the past happened.


The Michael Meyers dying in the movie thing happened in the movie And. they just, oh no, that didn't happen. The media is an effing international embarrassment in the United States. It is at the point. Now, whatever they tell you, whatever they tell you, assume assume the opposite is true. I had some guy reach out to me last night from the New Yorker. Hey Dan, I'm a fact checker for the New Yorker. I didn't even read the rest of his email. I responded back fact checker for, oh man, do I have this on the phone? I would, let me see that. I wanna show you this Fact check. This is how you respond to these absolute loser dip shits. They deserve nothing from you. They deserve no respect.


I wanna show you so you don't think, oh, here it is. Yeah, good. Is it here? I'm gonna cover his email there a little bit. So I don't like out the guy a fact checker from New York magazine. Ha ha ha laughing emoji guy. That's all these people get. They get no answer from me. You people suck. Here's what I mean. Here's the disgusting filth bag. Communist media, they don't care. They're humiliating themselves. They don't care their kids. Their kids say they're adopted. They don't care. They don't care that their parents won't acknowledge that these are their sons and daughters. They have no human dignity at all.


Hat Tip News busters, I want you to watch this absolutely amazing cut that went viral this morning of the media telling you Kamala Harris is the border czar, which he was. And now telling you what they told you was in fact fake. In the worst act of red conning I have ever seen or attempted Red coning watch this quote unquote, Borders czar Vice President Harris was not a border czar. Meantime, vice President and Border Czar Kamala Harris facing some Backlash. What he said about Harris and immigration was not true. She was never appointed border Czar, and this will be her first visit to the US Mexico border Regent, since she was appointed as the border czar by President Biden. People gonna have to counter the misinformation. You already hear folks talking about the border Czar.


She wasn't the border czar. President Biden tapped Kamala Harris, vice President Kamala Harris to be the border Czar. Now, she wasn't the border czar, that's what Republicans labeled her. They Were very critical of Kamala Harris, especially in her role as border Czar. Now, what she's up against is folks lying about her border record, calling her a border czar, Kamala Harris, who was appointed as the border. The Biden team didn't declare who the borders are. They wanted her to work on kind of the root causes of immigration. There has been so much criticism against Kamala Harris You know she was the, the border czar Calling her sort of the border czar, which wasn't necessarily the case. So the border, if they weren't planning to address it in a major way, do not make her your border czar. She met with some of the northern triangle countries, but nothing has effectively changed These to the dipshit loser life.


Zero scale idiot moron. Pieces of garbage in that video have some dignity scales. A cop term, by the way, for absolute losers, zeros, degenerates, have some human dignity. Please don't you have kids have, do you realize you're being recorded? Did I see Ron Flipper ruski on that thing too? The Twinky eating loser have some dignity, bro. Of course they don't. So I said there were two massive coverups going on right now, by the way, how long Avita, how long do you think before 51 intelligence officials say say that Kamala wasn't the border?


So she's actually, she's stunned. That letter hasn't come by yet. 51 intelligence officials and Nobel economists have said that Kamala Harris was not the border star folks. Everything these dip shits tell you, throw it in the garbage. They have no human dignity at all. So they're trying to cover up in redcom. Borders are liberal San Francisco. This thing is amazing. This, this is incredible. Look at, here's Flipper Ruki. There he is. There's Flipper Ruki. Look at his slob. You ever seen this guy on Twitter again? A guy imagine being this guy's parrots. Holy Moses folks, these are massive coverups.


They are going to try to steal the election again. The biggest source of misinformation in the world today in the world is the liberal American media in the world you can trust like Soviet era Pravda more than these people. Here's the second coverup going on. You can see in front of your face, Joe Biden left the race because he is severely cognitively impaired and Obama and Pelosi told him to get out. Everybody knows it, not Kare Jean Pierre. The only person asking any questions is Peter Ducey at Fox. So this happened yesterday where Karine Jean Pierre, unbelievably without a shred of human dignity, again, a sticking to the story that we're trying to save democracy.


This is, take a look. It would seem that people in this White House knew that President Biden was slipping and it was hidden from the American people. So who ordered White House officials to cover up a declining president. I know that, that that is a narrative that you love and to no, no, no, no. Wait In days. Hold on. You did a press conference at Dayto. I'm in it. There's all these things that I need to finish and then 10 days later I'm dropping out. Okay? Wait, okay, you're asking me like two multiple questions here. Let me wait, wait. First of all, there's been no coverup. Wanna be very clear about that? I know that's the narrative that you all want.


Wait, no, no, no. You can't. Well, Okay, I've been with, I've been with President Biden for five Years. Are you gonna let me answer the question? Would you at least admit that the debate is not Just a bad matter? I we can Can I answer the question? Yes. All right. Are you sure? Yes. Okay, your first question, it is not a coverup. I know that is the narrative that you all want. It is not Holy Moses. This is happening right now. Folks, here's the sad part. There are a number of a lot of Americans out there who just get their news in snapshots and sound bites. 'cause that's what politics are.


Sadly. They actually believe this. I'm not kidding. You'd be like, no way. People still trust the media. A small portion of America still believes the media does journalism. How about transparency propaganda? You got it? I know you're pissed. I'm pissed too. But there are people out there who believe this. They woke up today believing Joe Biden saved democracy despite last week saying he was gonna save democracy by staying in. He got out because he sucks and Obama and Pelosi forced him out. That's it. That's the only reason. Second, there are people waking up today shockingly, who believed Kamala Harris wasn't the border czar despite being appointed the freaking border czar. I played it for you yesterday.


There are also people waking up this morning in one of the, one of the most disgusting scandals I've seen in a long time. Brian kill me to Fox and Friends. He's a friend of mine. He's a good man. We don't agree on every single political position, but that's not my prerequisite for being a friend. Kilmeade said yesterday, Kamala Harris chose to skip a the Netanyahu speech for a college sorority speech, which is what she did. The absolute scumbags in the left wing media went out there and said that Brian Kilmeade said that she was going to a colored sorority.


You can just go listen to it yourself. He said, college clear as day. Folks, these people are filth. Brian is a better man than me said on Fox and Friends this morning. He forgave the guy I forgive no one the loser who I but I think he was at playbook or a contributor to playbook. Who did that? Your disgusting filth You know exactly what you did. You race hustling losers. Folks, this is going to be the ugliest 102 days left. I think it's 102 or 101 days to the, to the election you have ever seen in your life.


Buckle up. I tweeted that out the other day. Get ready for horrors you have not seen before. I'm telling you right? Now, you think this has been a crazy two weeks murders, assassination attempts, VP announcements, conventions, Biden dropping out, Kamala Race, hustling and all this other stuff. You think this is bad Now, you ain't seen anything yet. Get ready quick as if this news cycle wasn't crazy enough. I can tell because the livestream audience is freaking bananas. We've been the number one, two, or three livestream in the freaking world every day.


I appreciate you being here 'cause we're breaking news on the Secret service story that no one else can because we still maintain an extensive contact network with both former and active agents. Christopher Ray, who's the FBI director, not the secret service director, but was testifying up on Capitol Hill yesterday. I don't trust this guy as far as I can tell him. Okay, let's just period full stop that, okay for a second. I do not trust anything he says. I have confirmed, however, through independent sources, I do trust that some of what was said is in fact true because I said it before he said it. And I think we penned him in.


Christopher Ray was up on Capitol Hill yesterday and just so You know, there's a memorandum, what they call an MOUA memorandum of understanding be. It's an administrative document between the Secret Service and the FBI. If there is an assassination attempt on a Secret service protectee like the president, the FBI has jurisdiction over the investigation. They, I don't think it includes former presidents, but I think it was expanded in the case of this. Okay? There's a reason for that. That makes sense. If the Secret Service screwed up, they're never gonna investigate themselves. Honestly, as you saw from Kim Cheadle testimony the other day, the disgrace former director, I don't trust the FBI anymore. Having said that, it should be congressional oversight and an independent commission, which I think is gonna happen.


However, what Ray said yesterday, I've confirmed independently, I told you this last week, the shooter, the assassin, did an extensive amount of what we call in the business pre-op surveillance, pre-operation surveillance. How in the hell was this guy not detected? I told you, I think Tuesday of last week, you're at least a week ahead of the news cycle that the guy, the shooter's cell phone pinged, I think July 7th at the site, about a week out from his attempted assassination and the murder of Corey comparator, that he was there scouting it out now, where he may have remained undetected, not forgivable, but harder to detect a week out.


Granted, it also came out yesterday, what I, which I can confirm that he was flying the drone just a few hours before Donald Trump was on stage. Where the hell was the advance team? The advance team that's there in advance. How did you miss this? Listen to this. It's back to director. Let go back to where Mr. Bishop was. Tell me about the drone. You, you, you act like you wanted to fill us in on that. Fill us in. So we have recovered a drone that the shooter appears to have used. It's being exploited and analyzed by the FBI lab. The drone was recovered in his vehicle.


So at the time of the shooting, the drone was in his vehicle with the controller. In addition, our investigation has uncovered Do You know what time of day he flew it and if he flew it on the day of the shot? So I Get to Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry, go ahead. So go ahead. So in addition, it appears that around 3:50 PM four o'clock in that window on the day of the shooting, that the shooter was flying the drone around the area. Two hours, about 11 minutes. I wanna be clear, but when I say the area, not over the, the stage and that part of the area itself, but I would say about 200 yards give or take away.


Okay? From that, we, we think, but we do not know. So again, this is one of these things that's qualified because of our ongoing review that he was live streaming. You know viewing the footage from that, again, about 11 minutes in, around the three 50 4:00 PM range, two Hours before he's flying a drone in the, in the vicinity of, of the route? Yeah. About 200 yards away, yes. Oh, Yards. Okay. That's, that's important information. What what about the bombs that we've heard about in, in the, in the shooter's car? So again, the FBI lab is exploiting those explosive devices. Yep. There were, we've recovered three devices, two in his vehicle and one back in his residence.


Folks, I'm gonna take a short break here. I'm going to give you the inside baseball of how under this current leadership of the Secret Service, Ron Rowe, they cannot protect the president or or vice president or former President Trump right now. They just, they can't be trusted to, I'm sorry to tell you that, but they can't. I've got guys reaching out to me left and right saying it's never gonna happen under this leadership because the things they wanna do to secure them, the management is gonna shut down. This is just an abomination. How did the advance team missed this?


The guy was flying a drone and pre-op surveilling the site. The advance team should have been out there a week in advance for a site this size. They should have been out there all day. How did they miss this? Hey, there's a guy with a drone two hours before he gets up on stage. How did you miss this


folks, if you weren't following the news? A big hit to the US dollar just came in June when Saudi Arabia didn't renew its petro dollar deal with the United States. Since 1974, Saudi Arabia sold oil largely in US dollars. That was huge for our global economic dominance. Now they want options other than the US dollar. So I ask you, supply demand, right? Less demand for the US dollar. What happens to the US dollar? Look, it's reasons like this. I've used birch gold often. I buy my gold from them. And why? I feel they're a valuable resource to you as well. For over 20 years, Birch Gold Group, B-A-R-C-H has helped tens of thousands of Americans protect their savings by converting an IRA of 401k into an IRA and physical gold. To learn more text, Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Claim your free, no obligation info kit on gold Birch Gold has earned my trust with their education First approach. There are thousands of happy customers and their countless five star views. Protect your savings with gold before the dollar plunges. Any further, text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rates apply. Thanks Birch Gold.


Folks, that was shocking to hear yesterday. It confirms what I told you last week that there was an extensive amount of pre-operational surveillance done by a 20-year-old assassin. Now, here's the kick in the balls. I can't figure out and give you a, a, a sane answer to when I was a, an agent with the service for 12 years when you were doing a site with thousands of people in a massive outdoor rally with legions of line of sight problems, access problems, all kinds of tactical, medical chem, bio IED, airborne, not so much fire issues 'cause it was outdoors.


Those are the big six. This is a minimum of a week in advance. A week, seven days, not a work week, five days. This is a seven day advance. What I can't get outta my head is this guy was at the site multiple times a week out, right? A week out on day of to be precise, and then day of two hours before running a drone, and then the entire time roaming around the exterior of the site with a range finder. And you've got people on tv, former agents humiliating themselves saying, well, threats don't mean suspicious.


You are suspicious and you're a threat because of suspicious activities. Please never, ever go back in the Secret service again. If you're gonna say stupid shit like that in TV and please stay off tv. I'm not kidding. You are, are embarrassing yourself and everyone around you, this is not forgivable. Stop trying to defend what happened. Don't make me go back there and clean this mess up one day. You need a really, you need people right now to clean this up or someone is going to get killed. Are you stupid?


How did you miss this guy flying a drone? Folks, this is important. And I tell you how this works. The massive number of people that showed up at that rally, it's a big rally. It's not a gripping grin with 50 or 60 people. A president comes in, shakes hands with donors and leaves. I've done those events too. Honestly, they're pretty easy. They're typically done at homes of rich donors. It happens Democrats and Republicans. That that's a, that's a different point altogether. This is a large outdoor rally in an open field with massive line of sight issues. The advanced secret service team should have been out there a minimum of eight hours in advance.


How the hell did you miss this guy? Folks? I'm, I'm really nervous right now for this guy. For them Donald Trump that is, and candidly, Biden and Harris too, don don't wanna see anybody get hurt. That's that's not what, that's not what this show is about. This is just disturbing. And then you promote the guy who was running daily operations for protections to act there for protection to acting director. I'm, I'm asking President Trump as a friend, you get in there, we gotta make some massive changes. I'm happy to help. I'll consult for you. I'll do whatever you want, but the, you're a massive numbers of people that have to go.


You are in real danger with this. Also, another thing Ray said in that clip, I'm sorry, I know it's been a few minutes, but another thing, you're not wasting your time here. I told you a week ago, and a lot of people attacked me for it. It's fine. Part of the business. My skin isn't that thick, but we're getting there. I told you this was designed to not just be an attack on President Trump, but an attack on you. This was designed to be a mass casualty event. Can we now confirm that what Ray is saying is true? I told you it a week ago before Ray said it. There were bombs and explosives designed to kill other people who were evacuating the event in a mad panic after he shot up the crowd, this kid didn't expect to be taken out so quickly by a counter sniper team.


This was designed to be a thousand times worse. This was a murder scene that would've been a mass murder scene. His initial plan, which is what I'm getting from multiple people, was to kill trump, kill people on the stage, probably take out some secret service, kill people in the crowd, and then detonate the explosives as everybody tried to run to their car. I'm not expecting any apologies for all the people who attacked me for telling you the truth. You can find a new show though. You wanna be lied to go elsewhere, you wanna be ahead of the news cycle, you'll stay here.


Ray's not lying about that. I told you last week it was designed to be a mass casualty event. Now Ray absolutely sucks and said some really stupid things I'm gonna get to yesterday, but I've got some other questions. Was there A-T-F-R-A temporary flight restriction over the site? If there was, what was done about it? How are we securing the airspace hours out from drone pre-op surveillance? Are we doing anything? What are we doing? Are we watching the skies? Was there an air picture? These are the kind of things I'm happy to consult on. Swear me in, I'm ready to go. I wanna know exactly what the flight restriction was.


How did we miss a vehicle sweep? Has anybody else thought of this? There were bombs in the car. What are you guys in the chat thinking? You thinking the same thing? I'm thinking, I'm looking in the chat right now. How the hell the vehicle with explosives get anywhere close to the site? Was there a vehicle sweep? Was anyone sweeping the parking lot with explosives detection dogs that would've sat on this thing in a heartbeat? They sit when they see a bomb or sniff a bomb. How did we miss that? The guy was there hours in advance. All you had to have was a canine EOD team. They would've shut that thing down immediately. Folks, there were so many layers of failure here.


It's I'm having a hard time as a former agent explaining to you how this event even happened. What's your counter drone posture right now? Folks we're looking at a drone in this case from a surveillance perspective. He was surveilling the site. You think there aren't people right now going, wait, listen, this kid got a drone up at the site. Nobody stopped him. I'm just gonna get a drone over the site to drop a grenade somewhere. Oh my gosh. You may be giving them idea, giving them ideas. Are you watching what's happening in Ukraine right now? They already have these ideas. You're telling me the United States Secret Service with a $3 billion budget. I know they have a program, but apparently it wasn't robust enough to secure the skies for Donald Trump just a couple hours out and a week out.


I wanna see exactly what that counter drone program is because it doesn't seem up to snuff. Swear me in, man, I'm ready to go. And again, what the hell are we doing about pre surveillance? Why didn't we have local teams out there surveilling this site and advancing the site? Who would've noticed? Hey, there's a guy at the site doing his own advance work. Unforgivable. The layers of failure here are legion and nobody, nobody should be on TV defending this in any way, shape or form. And if you're gonna do it You, know who I'm talking to. Lose my number. Don't ever call me again. You do not belong on television.


Going out there defending a failure. So it happens again. Lose my number. Don't ever text or call me again. Ever. You're dead to me. Alright, quick break. And then Christopher Ray. Here's where Christopher Ray again. This guy is just absolutely incompetent. He absolutely incompetent. Even a blind squirrel gets a nut once in a while. But some of the things he said yesterday again, unbelievable. Quick


break. Hey, getting a good night's sleep's really important in your overall wellness. A i I just got another Helix mattress. We're moving. I'm gonna tell you something. I love the mattress. I kid you're not. I use the products. We're in a really good position on the show. You know we don't have to take every sponsor that comes in. We don't. Matter of fact, we turn a lot of people down. We only advertise companies we use. It's the right thing to do. Helix lineup. They offer 20 unique mattresses, including their award-winning, lux and ultra premium elite collections. The Helix Plus is a mattress designed for big and tall sleepers and the Helix kids mattresses designed for growing bodies. Take the Helix sleep quiz. Find your perfect mattress in under two minutes. Your personalized mattress is shipped straight to your door for your charge. Helix offers a 100 night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty to try out your new Helix mattress. Every Helix mattress has a hybrid design combining individ, individually wrapped steel coils in the base with a premium foam layer on top, which is super comfortable. It's perfect combo of comfort and support. Even better. The setup is fast and super easy. Helix is offering up to 30% off all mattress orders and two free pillows. For our listeners, go to Helix sleep.com/dan. That's H-E-L-I-X sleep Helix sleep.com/dan. It's our best offer yet it won't last long with Helix. Better Sleep starts now


and our last sponsored day and we'll get right back to the show.


Blackout Coffee, one of my friends over WMAL is telling me, yeah, I saw on Twitter this morning, I got a busy broadcasting schedule today. It's doing like 10 shows. I said, have yourself some coffee, preferably a blackout. I had the cinnamon french toast this morning, folks. I'm in a real struggle right now. It's legit. I don't know what to do. It's a real struggle every day. Even with the news cycle, I'm like cinnamon French toast, dark chocolate, cinnamon french toast, dark chocolate wrestling every day with it. It's a real struggle. I don't know what to do. Blackout Coffee uses premium grade coffee beads. Folks, this is the best stuff in the business. I'm proud to recommend them. Love Blackout Coffee. Skip the long lines at the store. Order online. Just try it out. That's all I'm asking. You guys tried the blueberry crumble too? Did you like it? Amazing. It's amazing. That was Michael. The folks at Blackout Coffee ship within 48 hours of roasting. Do me a favor, Check it out. Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino and see what I'm talking about. Did the real deal? It's time to quit drinking woke corporate junk coffee every morning. Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino or use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order if you're part of the Bonino Army. See we got the shirts for you. Then switch to Blackout Coffee. It's the official sponsor of the Bonino Army. Switch to blackout. Thanks a lot folks, appreciate your patience.


Okay, back to the show. Here's where Christopher Ray absolutely humiliated himself. Again, folks, I do not. I do not. I do not. Can we say this with a gavel drop? I do not in any way, shape or form support violating the fourth, fourth Amendment, the Bill of Rights, all kinds of different amendments by the way, and spying on American citizens. I do not support it. I have fought against it. I've had fights on my radio show. You get that? But here's my problem. If we are going to do FISA 7 0 2 and give a backdoor way to spy an Americans, which I categorically disagree with, no exceptions, you wanna spy an Americans get a freaking warmth.


But if we're gonna do it, you think we'd catch one mother at least one. We don't catch anybody. I thought they told us we needed this metadata thing because You know we got threats out there. It's such a dangerous world. Yes, you guys do shit. Here's Christopher Ray. Yesterday up on the hill asked a pretty solid question by Matt Gates. Hey man, was this guy on your radar? Is anybody on anybody's radar? Check this out. Was the shooter on the FBI's radar in any way prior to the assassination attempt? We did not have any information about the shooter. He was not in our holdings before the shooting. No communication in any chat rooms.


No CIS or confidential human sources have any interaction with No. We've run a a thorough search for the subject through all of our holdings and and he was not in them anywhere. Were There any FBI agents or informants present at the Trump rally in Butler? Not to my knowledge. My BONINO report mug. You see that? That's where you can find a Vitas show. By the way, Rumble dot com slash bonino report, which by the way was number 47 in news podcast. Right ahead of the great verdict with Ted Cruz. Show show's only been up a week. Star is born. What was that song from the movie with Lady Gaga?


I'm on the deep. I sound just like her. Don't I? Star is born. Hopefully I won't turn into the drunk like the Bradley Cooper character. Remember? He pees himself on stage. Well, Vita And. I Vita's got her own husband, Michael. so they were married in the movie and I'm sure Michael won't be peeing himself on stage, but this is great news. Number 47 folks. Are we ever gonna find anyone ever how January 6th? That good point. Yes. Justin says, we will Moms for liberty. You are definitely on the radar.


Grandma on January 6th. No diggity, no doubt. You are definitely on the radar too. Actual killers and assassins. Not so sure you understand The Secret Service as a network of field offices around the world, around the entire globe, designed specifically to detect threats in advance. How do we keep missing people? You know what the answer is. Everyone's distracted. The Secret Service is distracted with criminal cases. They should not be working. They should be doing protection. They should not be doing that. Stop it. There is no reason to do it. The FBI's distracted with grandma on January 6th. Moms for Liberty School board, parents pro-life advocates and they're not doing anything.


That's why they can't detect a single threat until someone murders someone on stage and shoots Donald Trump in the face. They're all distracted. Tickles my groin. Don't quit your day. Now listen, I told you my posture on singing. I recognize the fact that my voice is shit. I just don't care. I like singing and it's my show that's for you tickles just for you as an encore performance. Now you a little crazy. Yes, A lot of crazy. Oh, you have no idea If you only knew everything, you think it's worse.


I wanna see this too. I don, you. This is, I'm gonna vo this at voiceover. I mean I'm gonna talk with here. Here's some new body cam, Fox News obtained folks, this is how poorly done this advance was. They realized they had a light of a line of sight issue on the roof. For those of you listening on Apple and Spotify. so they realized they've got a line of sight problem on the roof. There wasn't even a way to access the roof in case someone got up there and murdered someone and shot at President Trump. They had to go find the ladder. I mean, it's one thing to not secure an area. It's an entirely other issue to not secure it and then let someone access the unsecured line of sight and then not have a way to access the line of sight after a bad guy accesses it before you.


Well, I mean I can't, again, as a former agent, I can't even express to you in words how big of a security failure this abomination was. If you're listening on Apple and Spotify, check that out on Rumble. You'll see the body cam yourself. They came. There's no way up there. It's not the local's job to figure that out. It's the secret service. Oh my gosh, where the hell was the advance team for all this folks? This guy's still in danger man. And there are a lot of agents really pissed off right now because this isn't their fault.


This is the fault of the people on the ground and the managers who let this thing happen and a manager's in charge. Now here's Ray yesterday again confirming a story. I've only had to tell you 15 times. It's not an irrelevant detail. There was no ladder used by the bad guy. It's important because there's an online conspiracy theory that is false. There's nothing that's gonna make it true that some insider put the ladder there for the killer to use to get on the roof. They, the killer did not use a ladder. I don't know how many different ways I gotta say this. I don't trust Ray at all, of course, but he's not lying about this because I told you before he told you, and if you're gonna call this a lie, then you're gonna call me a liar.


And. I'm telling you it's the truth. Check this out. One thing I, I can give an update on, which is pretty fresh here, we had some conversations with some of the members about the access to the, the roof and the ladder and so forth and our evidence response teams and their forensic collection. We've now believe that the subject climbed onto the roof using some mechanical equipment on the ground and vertical piping on the side of the A GR building. In other words, we do not believe he used a ladder to get up there. Okay?


Even a blind squirrel, as I said, gets a nut once in a while. Folks, this guy is terrible though. You cannot trust Christopher Ray and you should trust nothing if you hear it from me, I'm telling you it's true. I've double and triple vetted it. If you then hear it from Ray, believe me, you don't have to believe Ray. But again, I think there's only so much Christopher Ray can lie about And. I don't trust this guy as far as I can throw him. That is in fact true. It's important because people are online spinning your wheels to get you off the target. Please don't fall for it. There is a very serious question yet to be answered that a lot of people wanna distract you from who are pretending to be part of our movement.


And it's this, who the hell was this kid working with? Who was he working with? They wanna get you involved in irrelevant details. Someone put a ladder there for her to get you off. The big question. You see what they're doing. It's actually very clever. The big question is huge. Who was this kid working with? Who was that cell phone that showed up at his house and then showed up in dc? A lot of people don't want you asking that question. We're not letting that go. He was Trump on Fox and Friends this morning. President Trump, excuse me, on Fox and Friends this morning Thursday. If you're listening to the show, we are live right now. If we're not live, we'll tell you.


Sometimes we do a live premiere. But today's show, well actually about 99% of our shows are live here he is on Fox and Friends this morning confirming another detail I told you a week ago about this massive security failure folks at every single site for President Trump. President Biden, the first lady, there is a room called the holding room. It is not complicated. It is air to hold the president or the protect ian. There's a problem, there's a staff delay, a microphone doesn't work. The holding room is used all the time. Having a president delayed walking out on stage is nothing new. It's not even remotely con controversial. You have no idea how many times I had to tell the sac the special agent in charge when I was the lead advanced agent on a trip.


Hey, we've gotta hold for a few minutes. You either typically hold in the limo or you hold in the holding room. The fact that President Trump was brought out on stage to be shot in the face, no one can explain it was a stunning lapse of judgment. That's, I mean, and and negligence beyond belief. Here's President Trump confirming again what I told you a week ago that this holding room exists. He calls it the tent here. It's really a holding area and he's wondering why he was let out on stage. Again, we asked you this a week ago. Now You know it's true. Check this out. But the tent was You know safe. Nobody knew you were there. And they shouldn't have let me go on the stage Now they just weren't communicating properly with the local police.


Different groups of people knew there was some nut job on the roof and he was up there and the one woman, a real Trumper, she's got Trump all over and she's screaming, this guy, there's a guy with a gun on the roof. And that was You know quite a bit before I walked up to the stage. And then you had the local policeman who it, it looks like he got up there and he saw the guy and then he fell off the roof. And what happened to him? Why didn't he start screaming? There's a guy. So there are many people, but the communication was bad. And. you know oftentimes like if there's lightning or thunder or big rains or there's a problem, they'll say, sir, could you wait 15 minutes please? Or could you wait 10 minutes? That happens a lot. Or there's a crowd of P somewhere.


Mr. President, I, I was just going to inject. You just mentioned the weather. It sounds like from the reporting over the last 24 hours, there was supposed to be somebody on that roof but the person was not on the roof. It was hot. Hot 'cause apparently it was too hot. You Know. So if there's lightning or thunder, sometimes they tell me to wait in the holding room. Happens all the time. We're delayed like 15 minutes. Thank you Mr. President again. You're a week and a half ahead of the news cycle. Do you understand why this is so important?


You don't have to be a secret service agent. You don't have to have been a cop. You don't have to have been in the military. You could be a librarian, you could be a plumber, you'd be an HVAC repairman. You're all very smart. And understand. It's not that there was no other option. This is what's killing me. And I cannot understand the stunning lack of common sense and judgment. They had an easy option. President Trump knows about it 'cause he's been put in the holding room, as he just said repeatedly for things like lightning thunderstorms, technical problems, it happens all the time. It's not that they walked him out stage because they were running away from a chasing grizzly. It's not that they walked him out on stage because someone was shooting from behind.


There was nowhere else to go. They walked him into a gunshot, wound to the head and created a murder scene because they didn't want the president to wait five minutes until they could mitigate a threat. The guy on the freaking roof. And, and you wanna go on TV and defend this as former agents. Are you sure you understand by doing that, that this, you are creating a perilous situation. The secret service won't survive. I'm telling you right now, there are members of Congress right now who wanna see the secret service lose everything. Protection investigations. Do you understand how devastating this is?


None of the protectees trust you guys anymore. I'm trying to help you. but I can't help you if you still got people who refuse to be helped, they could have kept him there. There was an easy option, man, I didn't mention a holding room last my last week to sound like, oh, let me throw some jargon and lingo. So I sound like I'm in the know and I'm buffing out what we used to say in law enforcement. I mentioned it to express to you what I just said. There was an easy option to save Corey comparator life and President Trump from getting shot in the face.


Just put him in the freaking holding room. You wouldn't have walked your kid out on stage to this ever. But you walked the president out there absolutely unforgivable. and by the way, do not trust Ray. It's not to say that some of the facts he put out there yesterday are inaccurate. I said even a blind squirrel, right? And he's gonna be limited because there's multiple people who know things. So it's gonna be very difficult to lie and mislead. I do not trust Ray. And if Ray's gonna tell us You, know what? This was a lone actor. Investigation's over tomorrow.


I don't believe anything. I need evidence. I'm not gonna put out anything until I know it. But this is awfully suspicious, folks. And I don't trust the FBI as far as I could throw 'em. And that ain't far. Why? Because they've got a history of lying. J six Moms for Liberty, Spygate Collusion, impeachment, Ukraine, the laptop 51 in inte officials. What else do you need to hear? You're gonna trust the FBI. Are you kidding me? Here's Matt Gates yesterday. Did a great job at the hearing. Congratulations to him. When good, when people do good things, great. When they don't, gates asked the FBI Director Ray, pretty common sense question, you're the FBI director.


I assume at some point you're briefing the president or you're talking to the President about threats to our national security. If you're not, you're not doing your job. How is it you didn't notice Biden's cognitive decline? I want you to again, witness the shady answer. And this is why we can't trust this guy. We need an independent, fully vetted commission looking at everything the FBI does in this assassination case because we simply don't trust them and you shouldn't because of answers like this. Check this out. So when did you notice his decline? In my interactions in my role, all my interactions with the current president have been completely professional. Right? but I mean his, the cognitive decline.


I'm saying he treated you unprofessionally just maybe not picking things up as quickly as he used to. Again, I I don't meet with him very often, but what you're describing is not something that I've observed during my interactions with him. I mean, we've, we've, we've had it observed so often that the ranking member and Mr. Schiff on this committee have said that he could no longer continue as a candidate. And so since you're the FBI director, I was just sort of wondering like who's running the country? If something, if something, yeah. So if something bad happened, you'd have to go brief President Biden about it right now, God forbid And I on any number of occasions I have briefed the president.


And as I said, those briefings have all been uneventful and unremarkable. Oh, I I, I can imagine them being uneventful. Good job Congressman Gates. Folks, you can't trust this guy. Aveta is telling me he's sitting there during the break, right? He, he's telling me he's sitting over there. He's like, You know. Don't forget the traditional Catholics, the Latin mass MAGA supporters documents being put out, eliminating employees from contention. If they're Trump supporters, you're gonna trust this guy. Are you serious? Anyone in the chat? Bino Bino. We need a B. Can you guys do like a Bino signal? You know what? Did the bat signal, but like a Bino Bino on the case.


Does anybody out there trust the FBI? Yes. You trust the FBI in the chat and no for you. Do not trust the FBI Bino on the case. Let me just put my 2 cents in. I'm more 10,000 votes myself 'cause it's my show. No, no. Christopher Ray didn't notice the cognitive decline my 12-year-old did. Dad, what's wrong with the president? This guy's the FBI director. Really? Chris from Rumble? Did we break the chat again? Chris is like, no man. Rumble cloud. We're working on it. By the way, get your business over to Rumble Cloud. He'd love me working hard on that.


Get away from this crap with Amazon. AWS knock you offline one day like they did. Parler. Go over to Rumble Cloud. We'd love to have you folks. Donald Trump watched this yesterday. Here he is on true social. I use it a lot. Love true social. He says he watched the hearing about Christopher Ray with that stupid answer and he thinks Christopher Ray should resign. Folks, if Donald Trump wins And I, hope he does vote like your life depends on it. The first thing he's gotta do, he's gonna have to fire another FBI director. This guy is an absolute train wreck. Are you kidding? You didn't observe the degeneration of Joe Biden's cognitive mental condition and you're the FBI director.


That's called the Federal Bureau of Investigations, not the Federal Bureau of Coverups. He's gonna have to fire another FBI director. And I support it 100%. Folks, operation Rhett Khan has been initiated. Michael Myers is back from the dead. They are rewriting the Hollywood script in one of the most amazing acts of me. And believe me, don don't mean that in a qualitatively good way of media malfeasance I've ever seen. Here's John Lafe on Twitter. This is just yesterday. The media fix for Kamala Harris is in first Axios deletes calling Kamala Harris the border czar then gov track, which tracks voting behavior, deletes calling Harris the most liberal senator.


This is the same day man for the Kami Pravda. Embarrassing, humiliating garbage can media. Then Kamala Harris was a shining example of DEI. They're now calling. Now calling her A DEI candidate is false and racist. I'm not calling her A DEI candidate Joe Biden did. I'm saying nothing of this. don don't know Kamala Harris at all, and I'm not a democrat. Here's Axios who had labeled Kamala accurately a border czar that retroactively recon their own article. Look on the screen right here. The article's been a retcon and clarifies to note that that Axios was among the news outlets that incorrectly labeled Harris a border czar back in 2021.


Here's gov track. Gov track who ranked her the most liberal leading center cetera, how to get rid of that. It was quote removed. Gee wonder what happened. Michael Myers is back. This is all in the same day. Here's Joe Biden, you racist Republicans calling Kamala Harris, A DEI hire. I'm not calling Kamala Harris anything. I don't know her. Stop with the bullshit. Even people on our team. Guys, you don't wanna sound racist. Who the fuck is sounding racist? Joe Biden says he's considering four black women to be his running mate. He set the criteria, not me.


Oh my gosh. Here's Andre Bick from USA today. Again, dude, do you have kids? Aren't you embarrassed doing a Fact check on Kamala Harris's border work was on root causes. She wasn't in charge. Fact check Andre. Really? Do your parents tell people they have no living children? Is this You know this is gonna live forever on the internet, right? My gosh, I know you don't have a reputation to save, but really Lee, I want you to watch this classic. Here's Nora O'Donnell interviewing Kamala Harris.


This is years ago saying exactly what I just told you. Kamala Harris is a San Francisco liberal period. Full stop by any objective measure. It's an opinion. Married to objective fact. She supports government-run healthcare, defunding the police, abolishing ice, opening the borders, universal welfare, massive tax hikes. She supports these things. You can look, she has voted for many of them. Here she is on CBS when she's confronted with the fact that she is the most liberal person or was in the United States Senate and trying to blame it on Mike Pence.


Check this out. You're Very different in the policies that you've supported in the past. You're considered the most liberal United States Senator I, somebody said that and it actually was Mike Pence on the debate stage, but Yeah, well actually the nonpartisan gov track has rated you as the most liberal senator. You supported the Green New Deal. You supported Medicare for all Bino on the case, 99.5%, 2,392 votes. Nobody trusts the FBI to run this investigation. We think alike never lose those polls.


It's not me saying she's the most liberal senator. It's gov track, which is now deleted it. Michael Myers's alive again, but he's dead. No, he's alive. He's gonna pretend that movie didn't happen. Here's Cackling. Kamala Harris laughing Kamala, she thought it was hilarious on the Ellen Show. Jokes about President Trump being assassinated. Wasn't he just shot in the ear? This is before that, of course, but they thought this was really hilarious. You did this on a conservative cable news network, you'd never be allowed back on again. Check this out. If you had to be stuck in an elevator with either President Trump, Mike Pence or Jeff Sessions, who would it be? Does one of us have to come out alive?


There's the Cackler laughing Kamala. There she is. Folks don't take the selection for granted. The media is already trying to steal it. They're gonna recon everything. I wanna end the show today as I began. Okay? Don't let them engage in these coverups. Make sure you expose. Kamala was the Border Czar. Every time you tweet post on X or Facebook, make sure you refer to her as Border Czar Kamala Harris. 'cause that's exactly what she was. And do not let them cover up the fact that Kamala Harris lied about Joe Biden's condition. There are people already out there. Carl Roe wrote an op-Ed. Oh, let this go. It doesn't resonate. It does resonate. We need to marry her to the Biden agenda and the fact that she covered it up, it does resonate.


It is your job out there. You have social media accounts that are very powerful. Follow up on this. Please download the Rumble app. Join us every day on Rumble dot com slash bino. Please follow a Vita's new show. Let's make her number one in news. It's Rumble dot com slash bonino report. She's also on Apple and Spotify. Please help us out over there. I'm asking us a favor. Follow my show, click the follow button, follow her show early edition with a vita. It's E-V-I-T-A. I'd love to make her number one by the end of the week. On a week one launch. The Bino Army. Never lets us down, Anita. Get the groins together, the Bino army, like a field general and let's make it happen. Thank you so much. Give us a follow on Apple and Spotify.


I See you on Rumble in the radio show in a few minutes. Back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM. Thanks for tuning in. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.