
Hey, good morning and welcome to VINCE brought to you by Blackout Coffee, the official coffee of all of us here at Silver Lock. Go to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE, that's VINCE for 20% off your first order.


Boy, hello everybody. Hope you had a really nice Easter. I hope I did. I I had a very nice Easter, great time with the family, great time with friends. I'll get into some more of that in just a moment. Also, we have such big news to start the day, the passing of Pope Francis. We're gonna talk about that, what it means and what comes next. We have the United States Supreme Court interfering in the president's ability to deport foreign invaders from our country. I'll break down what's going there. Speaking of foreign invaders, we also have Democrats now more of them flying off to El Salvador to suck up to MS 13. And what was that? Oh, that's right. No more breaking news this morning. Klaus Schwab, the head of the World Economic Forum has resigned.


Well, how about that? There's a lot going on. It's Easter Monday. Good to be back with you. So much ahead on VINCE. Before we get there, I do have to thank our sponsors.


One thing that we conservatives believe in is self-reliance. Taking responsibility for your own wellness, your family, your future. But when my sleep was off, it felt like I couldn't show up as my best self. And this is why I'm so excited to share something that has made a real difference for me and my life. That's Beams Dream. Powder Beam is proudly founded in America and run by people who actually share our values, which is awesome. Hard work, integrity in delivering results. Dream is a nighttime blend packed with science-backed ingredients shown to help improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is made with a powerful blend of all natural ingredients. Reishi Magnesium, L-Theanine, apigenin and Melatonin Plus Dream. Well, it tastes incredible. Here's the deal. Beam is giving my viewers, my listeners, the ultimate Patriot discount of 40% off. Try their bestselling dream powder and get up to 40% off for a limited time. Go to shop Beam dot com slash VINCE show and use the code VINCE Show at checkout. That's shop Beam dot com slash vinho and use the code vinho for up to 40% off. Support an American company. Invest in yourself and start getting your best sleep tonight.


Well, oh well, good to have you with us. It was a nice Easter weekend for me. We had some family friends over longtime friends who we adore and their daughter same age as my kid made me this card. I wanna show you this. This is for those of you listening to the radio show. You may have seen this bad boy before. I need another light on it. Here, let's turn that on. And right there. So you haven't seen this, this graphic 'cause it was just made for me, but obviously that's an Easter bunny and right in the middle there, that's Washington DC as it exists right now. That's the shape of, it used to be a square back when Virginia was involved, but no MAs. Now it's just this smaller portion of of areas of Maryland and around the rabbit you can see the slogan, sorry.


Over here you can see the slogan from the radio show from the Heart of the Swamp. A beacon of truth is casting its light from Sea to Shining Sea. The VINCE Show, here's VINCE Colonese. This was I That's creative. That's really, that is really wild. So my thanks for that. That's funny. I'm gonna get that thing framed. I think to hold onto that, also some programming notes for you for this week. Well, a lot of things going on on Friday, for those of you who watch the show on Rumble rumble.com/ VINCE, you may have noticed that we didn't have the radio show up during the day on Friday. That is because we are in the midst of all of the tech issues that are involved with setting up the DC studio for me to do all of these shows.


So on Friday I made an announcement and you can check on X, that's where I often make these announcements that we wouldn't be streaming the radio show. So just so You know, we still did the radio show. You just had to go find it from any of the audio sources that exist across hundreds of radio stations all across the country, not on the Rumble Stream on Friday. So if we run into other issues, I'll let You know there as well. And then tomorrow, Tuesday, I will be going to the White House, or at least that's the plan right now, unless something else gets in the way. My plan is I will be going to the White House. We're gonna have a bunch of conversations that I'm gonna be doing with various cabinet officials and, and, and spokesmen for the Trump administration because we are now approaching, If you can believe it, we are up to about 30, a hundred days now of the Trump administration.


It'll officially be 100 days on April 30th, so just nine days from now. And so the, as we approach that hundredth day, the White House is inviting me to stop by and speak to a bunch of people. So I'm gonna bring that to you and that'll be great. That'll be for both the, the podcast, the VINCE podcast and the VINCE show on radio. So a bunch of good programming notes for you to give you a sense of what's coming in the days and weeks ahead. Okay, so we get a lot of breaking news that we have to, to go over. And the first and foremost is what happened while I was asleep last night is the Pope Pope Francis has passed away at the age of 88 years old.


Now, remember these last few months have been characterized by all sorts of health issues with him. He, he came down with double pneumonia. He was having, he was in the hospital for a very long time. He was having trouble with all sorts of respiratory issues And it wasn't clear that he was even gonna be able to recover from his hospital stay. He eventually did. Of course, he returns to the Vatican. But his public appearances and interactions have been very, very limited. We have not seen much of the guy until yesterday, Easter Sunday, where we did get to see and hear from the Pope for at least a little bit of time. Lemme start with cut two here. This is the Vice President of the United States, JD Vance.


And I think this is, it's amazing he ends up being, he's a Catholic man. JD Vance ends up becoming the final world leader to meet with Pope Francis ahead of his death. Look at JD Vance here, meeting with the Pope yesterday. J Bless you. So good to see you. Good morning. How Are you? Fine yourself? Yeah, thank you've not been feeling great, but it's good to see you in better health. Thank you. These are, these are for your children. Okay. Thank you. These are the gifts, these also gifts for you.


Thank you. It's Beautiful. The Vatican tie and then the, the rosaries, your for your wife, white for your children. And the one red one is for thank you very much for your visit. Of course, of course. And thank you for seeing me. I pray for you every day. Bless you. I pray for you every day. God Bless you. Happy Easter. Happy Easter. So, JD Vance with something of a surprise meeting that was not on the official schedule, the vice president, of course, paying a visit to the Vatican. He's doing an overseas trip right now with his family and stopping by the Vatican.


And while they're getting a brief audience with the Pope, where it was a very, it was a very nice conversation. It looked pretty one way actually. The Pope not saying that much. He of course had some assistance there as they delivered gifts for the kids from the Pope. So a nice gesture and a nice opportunity. But, But that again, the very last day of the Pope's presence here on earth. As JD Vance greets him there, the Pope would then go out to the Easter mass right after it was concluded there in the Vatican Square. The Pope rolled out to that papal balcony on a wheelchair and greeted the assembled masses with just two sentences. Good morning and happy Easter.


Take a look. Here's cut one the Pope Is, is morning. His final remarks, his final remarks, his final public remarks. There was some footage of him in the Popemobile as well, but that's an apparently a very intensive day for an 88-year-old man recovering from a respiratory illness that day leading into Easter morning.


And the Popes passing, the Pope has passed away. So what happened during Francis' Papacy and what has happened to the Catholic church during that time? Now speaking as a Catholic and speaking to you of course, obviously way in here on the rumble, Chad, I'd love to hear your, your perspective on all of this. One thing that I can definitely tell you about Pope Francis' time as the pope in office, is that it does feel like the church became more confused during his papacy. There's been a lot of division within the Catholic church over Francis' tenure, and you can see why Francis seemed like the kind of pope.


And he was the kind of pope who oftentimes seemed to be making the world, or excuse me, making the church more like the world rather than making the world more like the church, which of which, of course is his obligation, is his duty. And in that created, I think a tremendous amount of confusion. You know, there were all sorts of moments during Francis' time in office where he would regularly kind of suck up to the secular left wing globalist viewpoint of the time he would pay at lip service. He would, in many cases, outright endorse it. And it was often to the great disappointment of so many faithful Catholics around the world who were really sad to see the Pope embrace embracing the secularism of the age.


And what I, You know, I, I think I dwell, I've been dwelling a lot about this of course, as you might about the, the Pope in February of this year in particular, coming out and releasing a letter declaring in so many words that he was kind of okay with open borders and the effects that they were having on the United States. He had in February released a letter to the US Conference of Catholic Bishops indicating that he opposed the Trump administration's efforts to deport illegals who had broken our laws and come into our country and said that the proper thing to do would be to keep all of those people here.


Now, of course, that's not order, that's chaos. And to these remarks, we, we, and, and this viewpoint, we saw a lot of reactions, including from the Vice President of the United States who you just heard from yesterday in his visit to the Vatican. It was JD Vance who talked a little bit earlier this year about the proper order of love. A a love that's grounded in the teachings of, of people like St. Augustine and St. Thomas Aquinas. Listen to JD Vance, go on national television here in the United States and make the case that our first obligation are is to the people who are closest to us.


Take a look at this. But there's this old school, and I think it's a very Christian concept by the way, that you love your family and then you love your neighbor, and then you love your community, and then you love your fellow citizens in your own country. And then after that you can focus and prioritize the rest of the world. A lot of the far left has completely inverted that they seem to hate the citizens of their own country and care more about people outside their own borders. That is no way to run a society. And I think the profound difference that Donald Trump brings to the leadership of this country is that the simple concept, America first, it doesn't mean you hate anybody else. It means that you have leadership. And President Trump has been very clear about this, that puts the interests of American citizens first in the same way that the British Prime Minister should care about Brits and the French should care about the French.


We have an American president who cares primarily about Americans. And that's a very welcome change. What is President Xi doing? What is With Vladimir Putin? He's looking after the Chinese Putin is looking after the Russians that they're entitled to do that. Thank God we now have an American president who's looking after the citizens of his own country. Yeah. And so in reaction to that, the, the Pope invoked the, the story of the Good Samaritan. The Good Samaritan saying that that's the way that the world should be structured. That that, and, and used that as a way to suggest that, that JD Vance was wrong. He didn't use Vance's name, but he said JD Vance is wrong in so many words in that we should all have the, the instinct of the Good Samaritan.


Now think about the Parable of the Good Samaritan. What actually happens with the Good Samaritan? He is helping someone directly. He's encountering a stranger who is in need, and he feels a sense of duty and obligation to that stranger directly. That is not what the globalist left is advancing. They're not advancing a personal sense of obligation. Instead, what they're advancing is cruel and disgraceful collectivism where they steal from someone else. And then they call that theft an act of virtue by distributing what they stole to someone else. And then the thief gets to claim the moral credit for it. You think that system works? Of course not. In fact, that system leads to chaos, death and destruction.


And what JD Vance is talking about is a very basic principle to whom is your first obligation. It's the people who are closest to you. It's your son, it's your daughter, it's your wife, it's your parents. In fact, the 10 Commandments themselves order us to honor our father and mother to, to keep God and God alone. Our our obligations are built into the 10 Commandments. And what do those same commandments say about the stranger? Not to kill them, not to covet what they have, not to covet their wives not to commit adultery. These, these principles that are extended to our neighbors are often what we should not do to them.


But our, but our, our most sincere obligations and duties as we are, as humans are to the people who are closest to us. First, this concept, this concept of, of the order of love, ordo a Morris is about, it's like a flame emanating out from the center. And that doesn't work If you douse the flame in the middle, that doesn't work. And so what we have from JD Vance is a proper view that is, is well expressed, which is how can you extend all of this generosity and charity to everyone on the planet when your own house is in fundamental disorder.


It is a disordered love right here in the United States of America, we have over a hundred thousand Americans dying a year, don't we, to drug overdoses. We have despondent, decrepit communities here in the United States that are in desperate need of care, love, and attention. We have family members who have been convinced by the left, that they've been born in the wrong body. That there's something inherently wrong with them. These are all destructive disordered manifestations of not love, but something far worse, something evil. And so we need to address this first. So when JD Vance says this, he's right.


And so here's what I'm hoping for. Look, we, we come out of Easter, right? So Easter Sunday, Easter Monday, the Pope dies Easter Monday the Pope dies. Now I'm gonna, lemme just, lemme just add to this conversation at the very same time. Today we get the news that Klaus Schwab, the head of the World Economic Forum, has resigned. His post, the globalist head of the Economic Forum has resigned his post today, Klau Schwab, vacates, WEF Chair Breitbart, with the report here. Then just like that, he was gone. The globalist World Economic Forum founder Klau Schwab on Monday vacated his position as the chair of its board of trustees, the elite Geneva based institution confirmed Schwab informed the World Economic Forums Board.


As I enter my 88th year, 88th year, boy, that's another, well, Francis just died at 88. I have decided to step down from the position of chair. And as a member of the board of trustees with immediate effect. He says, okay, so Klaus Schwab goes, I, I can't, I don't think that there are mistakes in God's timeline. In fact, I'm confident there are no mistakes in God's timeline. So Francis is gone, Klau Schwab is leaving, the Easter is about celebrating the resurrection of Christ. And here's what I'm fervently hoping for here, and what I'm praying for today. During this pivotal moment before a new Pope emerges for the Catholic church, I am praying for a resurrection of the church.


One that restores a sense of order, a sense of the, of the, the almighty. A sense of the eternal and helps bring earth our human population closer to that than the other way around. Where do you detect God? Where do people detect God? People can detect the existence of God in beauty, in order in love. Pope Francis, during his time in office, restricted the practice of the Latin mass, the Latin mass, which by the way, the old FBI considered to be an extremist manifestation of Christianity. It's an extreme thing to practice the Latin mass, they said in, in their Virginia field office.


The reason the Latin mass is so wonderful is because it reminds you of your smallness, the grandeur of it, the beauty of it speaks to something eternal and much higher. The tradition of it speaks to something that's bigger than us. So in a world where everyone has convinced themselves that they are God, there are still things that remind us that we are not The beauty we find in music, the beauty we find in each other's faces. The beauty you find in your animals, your pets, the beauty you find in music, the beauty you find inside of a church that still honors the eternal traditions of of, of the God Almighty.


That's where you detect God. There are no biological imperatives wrapped up in that there, there's entirely something outside of us that we're tapping into. And so that's what I think we need to return to. And so this, it's, it's always sad to see when someone pass away, you don't, you don't hope Ill on anybody. But what you do hope is that in the midst of this, as the, as this Pope passes away, that this becomes an opportunity for goodness, for holiness, for the, for the whole planet to head in the right direction. And so that's what I'm praying for today. It's, it is amazing though.


It's a, it's, it's a big moment. And I, and I don't think there are any coincidences here. I think, I think all of this is happening at a very particular time for a very particular reason. And I'm praying that they're all good ones. All right, more in a moment, I wanna thank our sponsors and then I wanna get your reaction here in the Rumble chat.


While we may have won the 2024 election, the fight to restore our great nation is only just beginning. And now is the time to take a stand. Patriot Mobile is leading the charge as America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile is not just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and our freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you're gonna get outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patreon mobile with a coverage guarantee. But here's the big difference. Every dollar that you spend supports a company that actually believes in the first and second amendments. That sanctity of life and our veterans and our first responders. Now switching is so easy. You can keep your number, you can keep your phone, or you can even upgrade their 100%. US-based customer support team is going to help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot and you're gonna get a free month of service with the promo code. VINCE, switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend freedom with every call and text that you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot Patriot Mobile. They're wonderful. Thank you Patriot Mobile for sponsoring the program.


We've got, we've got all sorts of good reactions coming in and yeah, somebody saying LT 1133 saying, I left the Catholic Church due to their bending the knee to the secular world and involve themselves in politics. Hopefully there will be a resurrection of the Catholic church. That's what I'm praying for. I I think that that is so imperative. It is so important that that take place. So this is a, this is, I think, a really important day for that reason because, You know, we are in the midst of a lot of chaos, aren't we? We're in the midst of a lot of chaos here.


And in that chaos, you have two options. You can descend into madness or you can take that chaos as a lesson to restore order and love, love, which is essential. We have, we have another story that I need to get to with you today. And it involves these lunatic democrats who are now doubling down on the MS 13 thing. We saw the Chris Van Holland conjugal visit saga play out over the course of the last week. And I'll get to somewhere that in a moment because he, he fanned out on the Sunday shows this weekend in order to brag about his conjugal visit with the MS 13 guy. But the breaking news this morning is that other Democrats are now following suit and have just landed in El Salvador.


Yeah, that's right. They're doubling down on this stupid. Democrats have landed in El Salvador this morning seeking the release of Maryland resident. The New York Times says, of course, he's not a Maryland resident. He is an illegal alien. MS 13 gangster from El Salvador, the country, he's now in four Democrats have now arrived in El Salvador. The Times reports where they intend to continue pressing for the release of a Maryland resident who is wrongly deported to a prison in the central American country, wrongly, according to whom he was rightly deported, according to almost any American who cares about this issue.


Representatives Robert Garcia of California, Maxwell Frost of Florida, Yasmine Ansari of Arizona, and Maxine Dexter of Oregon, landed on Sunday. They're hoping their trip will focus more attention on the Trump administration's lack of action after The Supreme Court ordered the government to facilitate the key word, the return of Kmar Armando Abrego Garcia. While Donald Trump continues to defy The Supreme Court, Kmar, Abrego Garcia is being held illegally in El Salvador after being wrongfully deported. Mr. Garcia said in a statement, that's why we're here to remind the American people that kidnapping immigrants and deporting them without due process is not how we do things in America.


Is this not infuriating to listen to this garbage, these lectures from these liars? People are lying directly to your face about what's going on. Calling this guy a, a resident of Maryland. He's merely an immigrant. No, he is not. I won't re-litigate every detail about this guy. You can go back and listen to any of our podcasts on this subject. We've been through the details. He's MS 13. This guy is scum and he should not be in our country. He should be out. And in fact, these MS 13 tattoos, he has all over his body. This, this has become the subject.


This is just in case you're wondering, are those MS 13 tattoos? First and foremost, I want you to see the, the picture that the president of the United States shared this weekend. Take a look at this. Here's the photo from President Trump. And in it you can see he shares the MS 13 gang tattoos that the guy had or has on his hand. And it, it says right there, MS 13. You see those are labels affixed to above the tattoos themselves of a marijuana leaf, a a smiley face, a a little bit of a cross that looks like a one and a skull. That looks like a three MS 13. And the President says here in this post, this is the hand of the man that the Democrats feel should be brought back to the United States because he's such a fine and innocent person.


They said he is not a member of MS 13, even though he is got MS 13 tattooed onto his knuckles and two highly respected courts, found that he was a member of MS 13, beat up his wife, et cetera. I was elected to take people out of the United States to take bad people out. Among other things, I must be allowed to do my job, make America great again. So the President shares this image. Now, what is the left doing with this? Well, you're not gonna be surprised to see that they're accusing him of Photoshopping, the image he's got MS 13 tattooed onto his knuckles, the independent rights. Trump appears to hold up altered image of Abrego Garcia's hand. It altered, it's not altered.


There are labels placed above each tattoo to tell you what they mean. It's MS 13. And If you need more proof of this, you may not, you may be a little bit shocked to find out who delivered the latest receipts on the subject a break. Abrego Garcia's wife has been posting photos of her husband and on, on TikTok and she's been blocking out the his wrist. Take a look at this. Can you see this? Take a look at this. Right here. Right there. This image. See if I can't square this up for you a little bit.


There we go. This image, if you're looking on the, on the, the video stream here, she keeps putting emojis and hearts over his wrist, over his, over his knuckles to block the tattoos. Now why would she be doing that right now? Why would she be blocking the tattoos in every image she posts of her husband? Well, the answer is because they're damning. They're incriminating. She's the one who's altering the images. Yeah, that's right. Somebody said she's Photoshopping, his images says parish place 52. So the MS 13 guy who has MS 13 tattooed on his knuckles, his wife is covering up the knuckles because she doesn't want you to dwell on that.


Yeah, there you go. There's a nice, nice clean image there. Thank you fellas of what does knuckles look like? S 13. That's, that's good enough for me. And he shouldn't be in the country anyway. We've already long established he's an illegal alien from El Salvador. Get out, get out. So here's something that we, I haven't had a chance to show you though. I, Kilmore, Abrego, Garcia's wife was asked a tepid question on Friday on Good Morning America by Michael Strahan. And during the conversation, here's cut 10, he strahan asks a very simple question.


He is like, well, wait a second. Didn't you say your husband used to beat you, used to to used to physically assault you watch how she doesn't answer. And then Strahan tries to instantly run away from any more questioning on this subject. Look, You, you did take out a temporary order of protection against your husband in 2021. Were you in fear of your husband? My husband is alive. That's all I can say. Okay. And You know I'm not gonna push on that apparently. No follow up. I'm not gonna push you on that. I'm not gonna push you on the official documents that you signed indicating that this man has bloodied, beaten, bruised you up, crushed your child in the process, and routinely attacked you.


Which is why you were seeking desperate help from the state to restrain your husband from hurting you anymore. You said he was a very violent man. Tell me about that. My husband's is alive, she said, and he goes, okay, well not gonna ask you anymore about that. And then he moved on. I checked the box. Why ask anymore? It is crystal clear that this human being should not be in our country. And the left is still to this moment, cozying up to him. Now they got a new group of people going for another conjugal visit in El Salvador. Chris Van Holland hit the Sunday show circuit this weekend. I'll get into that in just a moment, what he said. And then also we gotta talk about the United States Supreme Court. 'cause they are now getting in the way of the president's ability to eject these illegals from our country.


More ahead on VINCE.


I gotta thank our sponsors, including fast growing trees. Everybody loves fast-growing trees. I love fast-growing trees. They're the biggest online nursery in the United States with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers, including me. They've got all the plants that your yard needs, like fruit trees and privacy trees and flowering trees, shrubs and so much more. Whatever plants you're interested in, fast growing trees, well they've got you covered. Order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days. Their alive and thrive guarantee ensures that your plants will arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape. I've, I, I gotta say my fast growing tree is growing very fast, which lives up to the the promise. I told you I got the red bud tree. We put it in the yard And it has taken root and the leaves are all coming out. It is as healthy as you can possibly imagine. As soon as it got here, we planted it and I am so happy it's gonna be a really big deal in the years to come. I can't wait to see what it looks like next year. And this spring right now, they've got the best deals for you for your yard, up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to this show. We'll get 15% off your purchase when you use the code VINCE at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at fast-growing trees.com. Use the code VINCE at checkout. Now is the perfect time to plant. Offer is valid for a limited time. Terms and conditions may apply. Go to fast-growing trees.com for all the details.


Yep. And Blackout Coffee is right now in my coffee cup. It is delicious. Look at that. Isn't that fun? Hold up. Gotta take a sip. So good. And I love Blackout Coffee as a sponsor of this show because first of all, it's delicious. I'm grateful that Blackout Coffee supports us because they're Patriots and they love our country. John is the owner at Blackout Coffee. He's the real deal. He built blackout coffee from the ground up and did not compromise at all on either quality or values. This is America First Coffee from the ground up. They don't compromise on this. It's America First Coffee Roasted fresh right here in the USA. No woke nonsense. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as you know, blackout Coffee is the official coffee of everybody right here at Silver Lock. So you know, this is a brand that stands for the right values. And again, I'm telling you, delicious, the Espresso Roast is my favorite. I love it. It's perfect for me. Here's the deal, John is hooking you up. Head over to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE, that's VINCE for 20% off your first order. Whether you like whole bean ground or even instant coffee that does not suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE and you will get 20% off your first order. Yes indeed, you will. You will. I'm drinking blackout coffee right now. Says Angel one 14. That's all I drink. I respect, respect Angel one 14. I would rotate some water in there, but the co blackout coffee, meanwhile the rest of it can be blackout coffee. Very, very good. Very, very good.


Hey Chris Van Holland is still a complete loser. This guy's a lunatic and he did go on the Sunday shows this weekend to brag about his conjugal visit with the MS 13 guy. Take a look here. Here's cut five. Chris Van Holland Whackjob. What Did a Rego Garcia tell you? He told me about the trauma he had been experiencing both a trauma, both in terms of the abduction and the fact that he was originally sent to Sea Cot, which is this notorious prison. Yeah, we seen the, he told me how much he missed his wife and his kids. He specifically mentioned his five-year-old boy who has autism because his, that boy had been in the car with him when US agents had stopped them and handcuffed him.


Whose fault was that? Taken him away. So he described all that and he told me that he had moved recently to a new prison facility. So those are some of the highlights. What an idiot. Okay, so he's become a propagandist for MS 13. That's what you just heard. You heard Chris Van Holland, MS 13 propagandist. You see people sharing Dem S 13 for all these Democrats. I think that's good. That's a good right, right there at the end of his name. Chris Van Holland Dem S 13 in parentheses. Yeah, that's, that's who he is. He's a water carrier for gangsters. And You know, and he and the guy, he barely pays lip service to, to, to, to the angel families that are in his own state.


Patty Morin last week, famously spoke out at the White House press conference against Chris Van Holland and said, it's awful what he's doing. He's sucking up to the MS 13 guy and I've never heard from him at all. And so listen to, listen to cut eight here. Here's NBC. They did present Chris Van Holland with Patty Morin's criticism. Here's how that went. To have A senator from Maryland who didn't even acknowledge or barely acknowledged my daughter and the brutal death that she endured leaving her five children without a mother and now a grand baby without a grandmother so that he can use my taxpayer money to fly to El Salvador.


Disgusting. To bring back someone that's not even an American citizen. Why does that person have more right than I do or my daughter? What is your response to Mrs. Morin? My heart goes out to the Morin family. Oh, shut up. They suffered, experienced an unspeakable tragedy in the murder of their daughter. And I, I said at the time that my heart goes out to the Morin family, my view is you can crack down and hold guilty people accountable and also respect the due process rights of everybody who is in court.


And I'm not sure why gum abrego Garcia's rights should be denied based on an awful murder that he had absolutely nothing to do with. He's MS 13. He's MS 13. And so his message to Patty Morin is sorry about your loss, but you should be more respectful of the MS 13 guy. That's his message. What a jerk. What a jerk That dude is once again carrying water for the MS 13 guy. Now on this thing about MS 13. So you had all this time to talk to him. You're sipping all these margaritas with him. You're sitting down with him at fancy restaurants in El Salvador, tropical safe, El Salvador.


You know, did, did the subject of him being an MS 13 come up at all? Look at cut seven. Here's Chris Van Holland. Did you ask him about MS 13 at all? No evidence linking Abrego Garcia to MS 13 or any terrorist activity has been presented to the court. That's where to litigate this. That's been, it's been litigated many other places. So yeah, I'm not gonna get into the details because the whole purpose of our court system is for them to adjudicate these things. Not for Donald Trump to go off on social media. Yeah, You, you're right. They have not, there hasn't been a court hearing for them to put forward evidence in the first place, which is your whole point. But since you were the one person to have met with him, and since this is a, a thing you say on social media, it's what we hear from Donald Trump and Republicans every day all day long.


You didn't ask him. I didn't ask him that because I know what his answer is. What, what do you mean? You know what his answer is? What? Did you hear his answer? Where, where did he indicate that in the past? Or maybe he's being honest there. Maybe I didn't ask him because I knew what the answer was. He's an MS 13. I saw the tattoos. He's an MS 13. I read the government documents. He's an MS 13. So Chris Van Hallen. No, I didn't ask him. So whose side is he on? Exactly. Not yours. He's on the side of MS 13. Yes, he is. Yeah. I'll I'll leave you with, with this Tom Holman this weekend was describing cut 11 here.


Tom Holman was describing just how vile these illegal alien gangsters are in the United States of America. And these are the types of people that Chris Van Holland and the merry band of Democrat idiots who are in El Salvador right now are defending Take a look. I believe we're moving re removing public safety threats and terrorists, designated terrorists to that prison El Salvador Trend. Our administrator Dennis Terrorist organization. What you, what what you don't know what most readers don't know. They haven't seen experience of what I've seen in my 40 years. I started board till 1984. I've talked to young girls, youngest nine that were raped by members of these gang cartels. I've, I've held dead bodies throughout my career.


I've talked to a hundred angels and moms who, who angel moms and dads whose children were, were killed and brutally murdered by members of MS 13 who just didn't kill 'em. They, they, they, they mutilated, they tortured them. So people wore my shoes for the last 40 years and seen the tra travesties I've seen they would understand that the worst of the worst need to be sent to a prison like that because we gotta protect American citizens. We gotta protect this country. Yeah. And this just keeps happening. This just keeps happening. Illegal aliens committing horrific rapes and murders in the United States. It seems like it's an, it's a never ending phenomenon. The President trying his best to round these guys up and eject them from the country as quickly as possible.


Let me give you an example, an unfortunate example of how this is transpiring now yet again. This report comes to us from NBC Washington, that's the nation's capital. And it says that it was just published over the weekend, A search for a missing Waldorf Maryland mother ends in heartbreak after police discover her body in the woods. It was a two week long search for a woman called Lesbian Ramirez Gura, who is 24 years old, a mother from Waldorf, Maryland. They report, And it ended in heartbreak on Friday night. Detectives were combing through the woods. And you see that right there. You see that Prince George's County, that's the same place that documented Abrego Garcias gang activity in the past.


Prince George's County, Maryland, PG County, they found what they believed to be guerra's body. They said the heavily wooded area where they discovered the body was difficult to access, located just outside something called Cedarville. State Forest Police have now arrested two people in the case of her murder, Guerra's boyfriend and a relative of his. They said she was buried four to five feet below ground, and then it was covered up in leaves and pine needles to try and make, make it difficult to find her. They did find her. Luckily the authorities did in the end. Her boyfriend is a, is a 24-year-old named Casey Barra Rosa. He's now charged with murder, pay attention to this line.


He's currently in ice custody and is expected to be brought back to Maryland to face charges. Rosa's uncle 37-year-old Ro Barrera is facing charges as an accessory accused of helping after the crime, presumably to hide the body. He's being held without bond. So here you have, this is crystal clear. You've got what ICE considers to be an illegal alien in their custody already. He is now the suspect. He's been charged in the murder of his girlfriend, another woman right here in the United States, right there in Maryland. That happened over the weekend. So this, I'm I'm telling you right now, this is a story I'm keeping my eyes on.


It's, it's a relatively local story in Maryland right now. But it's indicative of this broader trend of, oh, another illegal alien busted in a horrific grizzly murder and then hiding of the body in the state of Maryland that just took place over the weekend. All of those developments. So I'm gonna keep an eye on that story, but just, just another very tragic outcome in the midst of all of this. And the left is holding on, is clinging to this idea that these are the kinds of people who need to be in the country. And I'm clinging to the idea that this is the reason the left should never be in power again in our country. So every day, all the way up to the midterms, I am pleading with you to help me rub this in their faces because they absolutely deserve it.


That they are on the side of death, destruction, chaos, illegal foreign nationals and invasion. Meanwhile, you are on the side of order. Love, families, security and peace. That's what you're on the side of. It's just a, it's just amazing. They deserve to have this rubbed in their face. Voters everywhere need to know about this. It needs to be a nonstop drumbeat on this subject. Okay, so how is the left responding to all of this? Well, cut 12, take a look at M-S-N-B-C. This is Simone Sanders acting like a complete lunatic, which is indicative of a lot of the lefty cable nets right now. Take a look. Hilmar Abrego Garcia's specific case, the case of the gentleman who's a makeup artist out of California who was also sent to that prison.


That is why the, the, the more, the 75% of the folks who have been sent, the men who have been sent there that don't have criminal records, that is why this is so important because if they could do it to them and we, if they could snatch students off the street without any pushback or recourse, they will do it to any of us. To be very clear, it's gonna be the people of color and vulnerable communities that are, are next in line. One Note, I think that's right and that's certainly part of why the African American community is so strongly behind the supporting kil ma. And we are like, we are not for this. Yeah. Boom. That's not even true. That's just just a straight up lie. Black Americans are, are wildly in favor of securing our border. They're just lying on national television.


And the statement you just heard from Simone Sanders and her co-panelists is that, oh yeah, black Americans are concerned that they're gonna be rounded up and deported from the United States. You are dishonest. And if I'm being generous, you know, if I'm, if I'm just gonna give them the benefit of the doubt, they're just psychopaths. But I hate to say they're just being dishonest race hustlers, trying to divide the country saying Black Americans are gonna be deported. What's wrong with you? Order is here some, let me, let me point out some good news this morning for you while I am on the subject of immigration. And I gotta get to The Supreme Court in just a moment because they're interfering in things as well.


The Wall Street Journal today has an amazing piece of news for you that border crossings have ground to a halt as Trump's tough policies take hold. They report, in fact, things are going so well on America's southern border that the crossings have now dropped to levels not seen since. You ready for this, the 1960s since taking office, the Wall Street Journal reports this morning, Trump has delivered on his pledge as encounters have since fallen further to their lowest levels since the 1960s. Since the 1960s.


That is fantastic news. So how about some Ws in the chat for President Trump? Hot w for win as President Trump delivers on this promise of getting this border under control, that's a massive, massive decline to the point that the Wall Street Journal emphasizes. You have people waiting across our border right now who are giving up on their hopes of getting in the door is closed since it says Joran Joman Eno, a Venezuelan migrant staying at a church run shelter in Siaad Juarez. That's Juarez, Mexico, just across the border from El Paso, Texas. Lots of winning when it comes to this issue.


It's a huge deal. And the president, as we approach 100 days on April 30th, deserves all of the credit in the world for securing this victory, which means securing our border unseen since the 1960s and just really just really phenomenal news. So that's a, that's a very, very big win. Thank you to President Trump, Tom Holman, Christie Nome, and the whole crew for doing that. Okay, now we get to The Supreme Court, which is trying to get into the way of all of this. I want you to go back a little bit in time. Remember when President Trump began calling on truth social, he said that these judges, these district judges who are causing so much chaos in his administration need to be impeached.


You remember that? And what did Chief Justice John Roberts do? John Roberts released a letter scolding the president implicitly and saying that people need to let the appellate process play out. Let the appellate process play out the appeals process, and the courts will work this out. If there are problems, the courts themselves will work this out. You don't need to resort to impeachment to address this. That was John Roberts at the time. Well, what did the United States Supreme Court just do this weekend? Well, they just upended the appeals process and they blocked the President of the United States this weekend, at least temporarily from using the Alien Enemies Act to deport illegals in our country anymore.


At least for now. Check out this, here's the AP headline on the subject, Supreme Court blocks for now. New deportations under 18th century wartime law. Okay, they say The Supreme Court on Saturday blocked for now the deportations of any Venezuelans held in northern Texas under an 18th century wartime law. In a brief order, the court directed the Trump administration not to remove Venezuelans held in the Blue Bonnet Detention Center until further order of this court only Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito dissented. Lemme just emphasize something. If Clarence Thomas and Sam Alito are the only ones to share a specific opinion, they're right.


That is a very good barometer for you. If it's Thomas and Alito, You know, they're on the right side of this. Everyone else is wrong on that court. The high court acted in an emergency appeal from the dastardly American Civil Liberties Union contending that immigration authorities appeared to be moving to restart removals under the Alien Alien Enemies Act. The Supreme Court had said earlier in April, the deportations could proceed only if those about to be removed, had a chance to argue their case in court and were given a reasonable time to contest their removals. The A CLU crowing about this in a statement. The Trump administration responded Saturday and they urged The Supreme Court to reconsider this hold. Caroline Levitt saying on x quote, we're confident we will ultimately prevail against the onslaught of meritless litigation brought by radical leftists on Friday.


Two federal judges didn't step in as lawyers for the men launched a desperate legal campaign to prevent their deportation. And then The Supreme Court jumped in, in a very extraordinary circumstance to block these deportations without letting them work their way through the appeals process. So where do we go from here? Well, the, let me, let me just emphasize for a moment what Thomas and Alito were saying about all of this. They have issued a scathing dissent of this authored by Justice Alito, such a great justice. And in it, I, I'll, I'll just fast forward to the summary, 'cause that really ca encapsulates everything that's inside of this descent.


He says, in summary, literally in the middle of the night, The Supreme Court has issued an unprecedented and legally questionable relief that is for the illegal aliens without giving any of the lower courts a chance to rule without hearing from the opposing party within eight hours of receiving the application with dubious factual support for its order and without providing any explanation for its order. That's right. They didn't even offer an opinion as to why they did this. Alito says, I refuse to join the court's order because we had no good reason to think that under the circumstances issuing an order at midnight was necessary or appropriate. Both the executive and the judiciary have an obligation to follow the law.


The executive must proceed under the terms of our order, and this court should follow established procedures. So you get Alito and Thomas coming out going, this is nuts. What is happening right now? The Supreme Court has no role here. You didn't even allow this to play out through the court process at all. And now we're interfering with deportations being done by the President of the United States. It's enough. So this is, this is the big thing from this weekend as The Supreme Court, quite unfortunately with far too many of these guys interfering in the, the machinations of the presidency, especially as it relates to deporting violent people from the country.


Now, the use of the Alien Enemies Act has been a really important thing. Remember the President by Executive Order said, we gotta use this thing. And the reason for it is because he's saying, we have a foreign government who is endorsing this invasion of our country by trend Deua members. In other words, Venezuela is making all of this happen, and there's a bunch of reasons to indicate that. But over the weekend, FBI Director Cash Patel gave us some more information on this. Here's what he said. He said, trend Deua is an extremely violent, highly organized transnational gang. The FBI assesses that some members of the Maduro regime, obviously Venezuela, have links to Trend Deua members who look to use those ties to advance their criminal objectives.


We stand by this assessment and we consider Trendi Argo's presence a direct threat to our national security. Together with our law enforcement partners, we are actively working to identify, disrupt, and dismantle their networks. We will not allow foreign back criminal organizations to take root in our communities. So k Patel is saying this is being done with the blessing of members of the Maduro regime of the Venezuelan government. The other side of this, of course, is that Venezuela itself is not taking back their own citizens. These trend Iua members that were trying to deport, we are sending them instead to El Salvador where they're being held by President Bile in a business relationship, but definitely an act of generosity on the part of, of El Salvador to watch these guys to, to get ahold of them.


So this is, there's a, there's a lot of developments here. This is so for, for those wondering, the court process is still continuing. It's not a settled matter what's going on with The Supreme Court, but at the moment, the court, The Supreme Court interfering in the president's of Bill to report these guys and Justices Alito and Thomas mounting a furious dissent over what you saw, just take place at the United States Supreme Court. So this is, this is a, just a massive, massive deal here that's taking place. So just wanna make sure we keep an eye on that. But again, just, just to make you feel better about some of this, just to return to the good news, just the fact that our border is locked up nice and tight right now, the lowest it's been since the 1960s, that is a massive, massive improvement.


All right, lemme see. Hey. So by the way, God bless you. I love, love we have, don't we have the best audience folks? Don't we have the best audience in all of media? The Rumble Chat absolutely alive today, Easter Monday. Great to have you with us here. Do you guys wanna see Major while he is here? Major? Come here buddy. Come here bud. Come here. Let's see if we can take a look at major major's, major's in the house today. He wanted to pay us a visit for Easter. Come here, major. Come Here bud. Come here. Here. Hey, Major's in the house, major's in the chat. How about that? Little, little majors in the chat for you. Yeah, look at that. I got the ma I'm clicking the major right now on the, in the Rumble Chat.


Major, major, had a great weekend. There were three dogs in my house all weekend long and that is a dog who is absolutely worn out from all three dogs running like crazy this weekend. It was just, it was just a blast. There he goes. And there he goes. Yeah, that's it buddy. You lay down, you rest buddy. Alright. Hey again, tomorrow. The news for you here is this. We've got, I'm paying a visit to the White House tomorrow, and I'm gonna be talking to as many of these cabinet members and officials within the White House as I can. It is the first 100 days of the Trump administration that we're now approaching on April 30th. So I have a lot of questions for these guys, including the progress that they're making.


I actually don't know, just to give you a sense of this, I don't know who I'm gonna have a chance to speak with tomorrow. It really is whoever the White House brings in, typically they do bring in all the various cabinet secretaries or anybody. They can, they bring 'em down to the White House and we get a chance to talk to them. I'm, what I'd love to do is I, if anybody I don't talk to tomorrow, I'll put in of I review requests for, I do wanna have conversations still with the Secretary of State, Marco Rubio. I wanna talk to RFK Junior. The left is attacking him right now for trying to get to the bottom of autism And it explosion in the United States. I wanna get the latest from him. He says that they should have a, a meaningful report out by September on that front. I also hope that the head of the FDA Dr. Marty McCarey is there.


There's a lot of people that I, I'd love to speak with and who knows that these things, sometimes you do get the big dog himself. President Trump might stop by Vice President Vance. You never know. But that's why you have to stick with us right here on VINCE. We've got a very busy week ahead of us. Again, God bless you, the best audience in all of media. Have a great day. I'll be back with you on the radio show and then back with you tomorrow, right here on VINCE.