
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. Come A freaking Karate Man strikes again. The Karate Man. Oh, Strikes again. Strikes again. I got that. And we gotta light up the, can we guys, can we get a liner for this Meteor soul of the Day? Jim, you have to do the voice just like TaRL off's. The Queen of the Karens we. That's you, we, that's my voice. Jim, can you the Jim tape this for me.


I want this on both shows. Well, it's gotta be friendly for radio, so Meteor IMBers of the Day and Jim Ed. A little echo effect to it if you would, because we've got one for you today. Man. Do I got a show for you? And a serious warning in the beginning too. This is what happens when the FBI screws stuff up. They say something, it could be serious, and everybody's like, ah, we don't believe you.


Try Beams Dream Powder. Get a good night's sleep. Get up to 45% off for limited time@shopbeam.com slash bun Gino. Use code bun Gino at checkout.


Today's show, also brought to you by my Patriot supply.com. Listen, don't be screwing around. There's a lot of serious threats out there and you need to be prepared. You've seen emergencies happen left and right. They're happening right now. You're watching them on the news. They are absolute tragedies. People are getting wiped out folks. Emergencies happen because people don't see them coming. You've got to be prepared. It's better to have emergency supplies and not need them than to need them and to not have them have a go Bagg, have yourself some emergency food. Don't fall prey to panic buying. My family's prepared with my Patriot Supply for years. They have a four week emergency food kit that gives you the nutrition you need to stay alive in a crisis. These kits have 2000 calories a day and one Hundred percent of your daily value of 12 essential vitamins and minerals. The kit Kit will keep you going when every meal matters. I've got one for every member of my family. My Patriot Supply Foods are packed and ultra adorable. Heavy duty pouches can last up to two and a half decades in storage. You can take 'em and run on the go right now. They're offering $50 off their four week emergency food kit. Do it today. You've seen what's going on. Go to my Patriot supply.com right now. Grab yours for $50 off. Don't put it off. Now's the time to prepare, not after an emergency. That's my patriot supply.com to get your four week emergency food kit today, my patriot supply.com.


All right fellas, let's go. That's a good sign. The bell works and now we're roughing around. So first ladies and gentlemen, last week just to show you again, you are not wasting your freaking time here. We ran this segment about how Donald Trump had called out California on their water usage in their efforts to protect a three inch fish called the Smelt. And we accurately predicted yet again that within moments that it would come out that Donald Trump is a serial hater of fish. First, let's play the clip and let's show you how the batting average look at this like Tony Gwynn and Rod Caru. Woo, I'm not even a lefty, is close to a thousand.


They weren't a thousand. But the closest you're gonna get, watch this. If you're asking what the fuck is the smelt? It's this little fish he's talking about. And Justin just said it, right? The media reports the following. Donald Trump hates fish. He really can't stand. He wants all the fish, dead grouper, trout, all of 'em kill the damn fish. He's a Nazi homicidal fish Holocaust guy. He wants fish dead Sidekick roundhouse rear naked joke triangle joke arm.


Now we're at the Jujitsu too, not just Karate Man, Vox, the next day, if you're curious, if this is the media buil of the day it would be. But today he's, there's a bigger buil b Benji Jones from Vox with a V, not Fox, with an F left wing Vox. Why does Trump hate this tiny fish so much did again, it happened again, folks in the chat. Do we not? Alright, let's get to some serious stuff because this was the easiest prediction in the world that they were gonna predict.


Trump is a serial hater of fish. Wants to wipe out all fish now. So I wake up this morning and I have to cover some serious stuff about the FBI and I warned National Review about an hour ago, come get your boy here Johnny Fund. They didn't Listen. I will wait for an update to this article and just so you know, national Review, I, I'm not planning on suing you for this or anything like that. It's just you guys are just assholes. But this is obviously a lie and a made up story. But there's a point here, folks, I I, it's, it's, I know it's hard for many of you to believe, well, maybe not you in my chat. You guys are smart. But there are some people who are maybe new to the show who are some liberals who are tuning in to hear, you know, crazy Dan Bonino and how he's right all the time and they just don't believe it.


I've tried to tell people for a long time that the media, both right wing anti-Trump lunatics and left wingers, I'm telling you, they make stuff up. I know this is hard for you to believe 'cause you're like, wait, there's like defamation law and supposed to supposed to be some kind of journalistic integrity and standards When they write something, they're supposed to back it up with some data or some appropriate sourcing, double verified and checked. And if not, just say you're speculating. They don't do that. I'm telling you, they make stuff up and it is not just the left. This is why I hate when people are Dan Bonino right wing. I'm right wing, nothing.


I am a conservator. When people on the right side of the aisle say dumb shit, I call them out too. I read this article, someone sends to me this morning and they're like, wow, I didn't know you had this much power. Michael just said it to me too. He's like, Dan, you're so powerful. You got Pete Hegseth and Matt Gaetz appointed and selected or selected for these positions in Trump's cabinet. I was like, I did. Holy shit. That's crazy. So he sends me this article by John Fund at National Review. I'll, if you guys have any integrity including John Fund, I'll expect an apology and a revision and I'm gonna make an offer to John Fund at the end of this. Okay? Oh, Thank you. If found my tweet National Review, come get your Boy Johnny Fund before I destroy him on my show at 11 O'clock's ticking.


I have not seen an update. If you guys wanna pull The article, I'd love to see it. The article is called Pete Hegseth Is a Walking Dead Nominee. And it goes into how Susie Wiles, who is now Donald Trump's chief of staff, who I barely know. I've said I I I don't like or dis I don't know her. Okay? I met her at a fundraiser I paid to get in. I did not ask for any benefits. I wanted to support Donald Trump because I'm not a hypocrite. I said hello to her. She was very nice and kind to me. I have no beef with Susie Wiles at all. She is the, she ran a great campaign. They won. She's now the chief of staff. John Fun writes that Susie Wildes is now his incoming chief of staff help pilot Trump do an electoral effort.


That was a model of discipline, but she made a mistake once the election was over. Fund notes she took a few days off. Within that week, Trump urged in Susie Wildes absence by such kitchen cabinet advisors as his son Don Jr. Tucker Carlson and Radio Talk show host Dan Bonino had chosen Matt Gaetz as his nominee for Attorney General and Fox News host Pete Hegseth as his nominee for SEC nominee set for Secretary of Defense. Ladies and gentlemen, John Fun is a fucking liar. He is making this story up. I had absolutely nothing to do with this whatsoever. I guys, all of you right now, everybody listen up. Justin, take your headphones off.


Okay. When Pete Hegseth was chosen as Secretary of Defense and I came in the next day, do you remember the story I told you I'm sitting there. I was watching Fox News, I think it was Laura Ingram's show and I was as shocked as anyone else about Pete, Seth. I had no idea about Pete, Seth, Matt Gaetz. I had absolutely nothing at all to do with Matt Gats after Trump picked him. I support Donald Trump's picks. I s he knows something. I don't if he picked him fine. Matt Gaetz didn't work out. This is a totally one Hundred percent made up story. So Bonino Army, we are the most powerful talk show, radio show, digital broadcast podcast anywhere out there, bar none.


There isn't even a close second show, John, fun what we're made of. Be cool, be respectful, but tweet to John Fund and NRO. And here's the deal. You guys cool with this deal by the way, they all said they'll take a cut in their salary to finance this. Wait, John, Justin's like, I didn't say that shit. I'll pay for it myself. This is a serious offer. This is not a joke to John Fund. I made the same offer to fill a bump at the Washington Post. He never collected his money. This is easy money. A hundred thousand dollars in cash. I'm not kidding. I am as serious as a freaking heart attack in cash. I will even buy the suitcase. You gotta take care of it with the IRS. Declare it as income.


I don't care. I'm telling you I will give you a hundred thousand dollars in cash. I usually, I go, oh, we'll give it to a charity. You do what you want with it. I don't care if you spend it, burn it, give it a charity. Do. I will give you a hundred thousand dollars in cash if you can prove to me or anyone else or provide a shred of evidence that I was involved in the selection of Matt Gaetz or Pete Hegseth for Secretary Offense and Attorney General. Easiest money you'll ever make. This Is right off the website. Still haven't Changed it. If they haven't changed it yet, they still, so this is right off the website right now. I will offer John Fund $100,000 in cash. I am absolutely not kidding. Provide proof to me publicly and anyone else that I had something to do with this quote line right here.


Within that week, urged in Susie Wild's absence by a kitchen cabinet that I was his advisor and I was involved in quote, the choosing of Matt Gaetz and Pete Egg said, easy money folks. National Review is lying to you. They publish this. John Fund is lying to you. And folks, there's a point here. The point here is that this is not about me. It's not about me. I'm willing to give the guy a hundred thousand dollars if he can prove any of that is actually true. He made it up. The story's just fabricated because he's an angry, bitter piece of shit who just makes up stories. 'cause he doesn't like me or Tucker or Don Jr.


The point is, be careful who you trust. I'm your friend, right? I hope you're here watching. I hope you trust me. I'm willing to put my own money and I am dead serious. A hundred, that's a lot of money. A hundred thousand dollars in cash. I'll give it to him. No questions asked If he can prove that's true that I was involved in the choosing of either his two people. You know how many conversations I had with the Trump team about picking Matt Gates or Pete Seth? That's not a heart. My wife does this when she comes home in the morning through the truck, she, when she comes, that's not that. That's a zero zero. You know when I found out about this, when Fox News reported it, folks, you cannot trust anyone.


This leads to my next story, a more important story and it's about the collapse in the entirety of institutions we once trusted and the danger for our own personal security. When you can't trust people, people you should be able to trust folks, the job of the media, the job of the FBI and the job of the Pentagon. Why I do support Pete Hegseth. Now, by the way, I had nothing to do with his choosing the words right there. When you can't trust these people, the media to report facts, how the hell are we all gonna make collective decisions we need to make if an imminent threat were to come in tomorrow to say, Russia's getting ready to love the a, a hyperbolic example, but one that maybe you'll, maybe you'll kind of nail home the gravity of what I'm discussing.


When the credibility of institutions like the media, the Pentagon, the FBI collapses, right? What happens tomorrow? Say, God forbid something breaks really bad in the Ukraine. Vladimir Putin war, right? And Putin says, I'm getting ready to launch a nuke to take out the East Coast folks. Do you understand? If it comes from the FBI, the woke Pentagon leadership in the media that probably close to 30 to 40% of America is just not gonna believe it. This is serious shit. This is just a minor story about me, but it goes to show you how anti-Trump, I hate the TDS thing 'cause it's over Trump derangement syndrome, but it's like a PreOn, it's like a virus that infects these people's brains and in their zeal to attack people they don't like, like me, they can't get their heads out of their own asses and realize that making stuff up makes nobody believe anything.


Nobody would prepare. Russia's getting ready to launch Chinook. You know what everybody's gonna say? Ah, bullshit psyop. It could be real. Here's what I mean. This is the story I wanted to start with. I know it's hard to believe that they make stuff up. I really even for you probably. Come on. They don't just make it up. So this is just made up 61 minutes. Of course they added a minute to protect Kamala Harris. You know the show 61 minutes, the SIR Network. But there, there were, I mean, right? Good point. Talk about making things up. 61 minutes. Aday an interview with disgraced now soon to be former FBI director Chris Ray.


Folks, I'm telling you not to ignore this. Here's the problem right now, this is when institutions fail. This problem Christopher Ray is about to talk about, about China infiltrating our infrastructure, I'm telling you is real. I have heard it from people insiders who absolutely love this country, who way before Christopher Ray was, was in charge. Were telling me this is a problem that China's infiltrated our infrastructure. They stolen our data. I know they stole data because the OPM hack of all the government personnel records, my records were stolen. My Secret Service records. I got a note in the mail, was it government gonna steal the own records? This is real.


The problem is the FBI's credibility is such shit that if they wanna shut us off our infrastructure, our internet, our water supply, no one's gonna believe it because these people are full of shit. Check this out. China's cyber program is by far and away the world's largest, bigger than that of every major nation combined and has stolen more of American's personal and corporate data than that of every nation. Big or small combined. But even beyond the cyber theft, there's another part of the Chinese cyber threat that I think has not gotten the attention publicly that it, I think desperately deserves.


And that is Chinese governments pre-positioning on American civilian critical infrastructure to lie in, wait on those networks to be in a position to wreak havoc and can inflict real world harm at a time and place of their choosing. The Chinese have already insinuated malware into critical American infrastructure. That's correct. Like what? Things like water treatment plants. We're talking about transportation systems. We're talking about targeting of our energy sector, the electric grid, natural gas pipelines, and recently we've seen targeting of our telecommunication system.


Folks, this is real. Now here's the obvious problem. Number one is what I talked about when the credibility of institutions, because like the FBI that lie to us all the time about everything. January 6th, the Fed involvement, the pipe bomber case, the attack on moms for liberty, the attack on pro-lifers, the attack on parents who show up at school boards, the attack on people who wear MAGA hats, the January 6th debacle where the FBI spent countless millions of dollars in manpower hours on a bunch of grandmas walking inside open doors inside the capitol.


You telling us white supremacy is the biggest threat to humankind. Now all of a sudden his coward chump walks outta office and goes, oh, by the way, all that's bullshit. China could wipe out America tomorrow. The problem is it's real. And this piece of garbage didn't do shit. He's the same guy who told us Antifa was just an idea. The biggest threat is white supremacy. And now walking out a door, this coward. Coward, yeah, I'm talking to you, a man of no human dignity at all. Now you walk out the door on Leftwing Communist, 61 minutes CER network and you tell us all, oh, by the way, China's the biggest threat.


We were just kidding about that other stuff, folks. Nobody's gonna believe these people. There is a concept in economics you need to understand called opportunity cost. If you don't understand it, you'll never understand the dynamics of resource allocation. If you allocate the eight hours in an FBI's workday to going out and getting grandma who walked in the door on January 6th, he's not investigating the potentially hundreds of thousands of China connected Intel agents and people around the world who are stealing data and infiltrating critical infrastructure. Don't give us your bullshit now that, oh, this is the most important threat.


It's been the most important threat. This is what happens when you get losers in the anti-Trump National Review ecosystem. Left wing Chuck Todd, who I, who's leaving NBC, the FBI tracking down Magaha wearers the Pentagon, talking about woke ideology and white rage to Mark Millie, nobody trusts anything anymore because people are full of shit. We have four years, basically two and two before the midterms to clean this mess up. Or you're not gonna have a country.


'cause folks, the Biden reign of destruction isn't even over yet. But Dan, it's only a week away. You, you haven't seen the end of this yet. I'll show you what I mean. Coming up next. Gotta take a quick break folks. I'm telling you I'm gonna do everything I can to establish a relationship backed on trust. I'm not gonna lie to you here. If we screw something up, we're gonna tell you we've done it before. The best thing you can do is come out, remember I told you Christine Blasey Ford and thinks she would show up? She did. I had to come on the air, say, listen, we screwed that up. I really didn't think she was gonna show up. I thought the story was crap. I still do, however, showed up. We screw up, we're gonna tell you. But I'll tell you, man, outside of a couple of small errors, our batting average been a thousand on Spygate, the hunter laptop, J six, the Fed involvement, the pipe bomber.


I'm not gonna let you down. We're coming up next.


Hey, a lot of us are trying to get our finances in order to start the year off right. There's some great news for homeowners interest rates have dropped that are now in the fives. If you've been buried in high interest credit card debt now, now is the time to break free of that. It's a bad cycle. American financing can help you access the cash in your home to pay off your high interest debt last year. Their salary based mortgage consultants help consumers and customers save an average of $800 a month. It's like giving yourself a $10,000 raise. It's a lot of money. What a way to start off the new year. If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. Give American financing a call today and just Check it out. The number's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. Again, the number's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60 or you can visit them online. This is a.net address american financing.net american financing.net. NMLS 1 8 2 3 3 4 NMLS consumer access.org APR for rates in the five starts at 6.458% for well-qualified borrowers. Call 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60 for details about credit costs and terms. Thank you. American financing. Give him a shot.


Alright, back to the show. You think the Biden Reign of destruction is over? Ladies and gentlemen, this guy's about to give a bunch of lying speeches about his foreign policy successes. Really? Which ones? The Afghanistan withdrawal. Your fantastic job in the Middle East, preventing terror attacks. Your fantastic job preventing terror attacks here at homemade. What exactly is your success story anywhere around the world? Here's another one. Biden administration now announces sweeping deportation shield for nearly 1 million immigrants. Folks, I told you, 1 million immigrants who invaded our country illegally are now protected from legal consequences. You have Biden now in the last few weeks, have you ever seen a presidency leave with such a record of mass destruction, shielding illegals from the consequences of their actions?


None of that's gonna happen to you. You think you're gonna get a tax amnesty if you don't pay your taxes? Yeah, sure. OCS outer continental shelf drilling, it's gonna destroy gas prices. A bunch of pardons for felons and really genuinely awful people. All the money getting flushed out the door with no accountability. The censorship regime, Biden doubling down on that. Folks, we're in this point right now. I read that article to you last week where we're living in this almost post-Soviet Union glass nos period when the old Soviet Union fell, and in the early days of, of attempted reform, that's now backtracked under Putin. But however, they did try early on, the media was allowed to report when the Soviet Union fell apart and collapsed and Russia had a consolidated interest.


The media was reporting on some of the atrocities that happened during the hardcore communist era. There was an interesting Wall Street Journal article last week comparing that the media freedom afterwards when they reported on what's happening now in the United States, now that Biden is leaving office. You're seeing some, a very limited number, but some media people starting to report on the atrocities that in the Biden years always, always, always measure the effectiveness of something that's happening by the response of your enemies. So I'm asking the media, are you gonna start to cover now the full scope of the censorship that happened during the Biden and Obama years and the Trump years, by the way, not by the Trump administration, but by external entities.


Censoring, censoring Trump. Are you now gonna start to put aside your fullest shit filter and cover the media censorship that happened? I want you to watch this video. Here is Biden, last week, you may have missed this with everything going on, he's in an absolute panic now that Mark Zuckerberg from Facebook meta that he has said they're not gonna be fact checking anymore. I'm holding on this. I'm gonna see results. I'm no one deserves a round of applause until I see actual action. I'm watching the distribution of my page. They're claiming it's gonna go up because I'm not gonna be censored anymore. We'll see, I'll be watching always measure the response by your enemy's response. Here's Biden freaking out because they're no longer gonna censor.


They're saying they're no longer gonna censor. Conservatives and liberals are full of shit. The Democrat party does not exist without censorship. Watch this another, let's take a listen Of walking away from fact checking as well as not reporting anything having to do with discrimination regarding the T-P-S-I-I find to be just contrary to American justice American, the way we talk about one another, telling the truth matters.


Telling the truth matters from the biggest lying sack of shit in presidential history. A guy who has lied about everything. I've had no business relationship with my son while I've had some, but I didn't mean while I met with him. I, this guy is a liar. 51 intelligent officials say it isn't the laptop. Donald Trump is a Russian asset. The biggest lying sack of shit in presidential history is saying, telling the truth matters. This guy, okay, I see Hub is looking at that hub is 66 in the chat on the Facebook thing says, hold, Hold, oh, hold, hold, Hold is right.


Do not get emotional about the Facebook thing. I can't beg you, plead with you enough. Do not make it an emotional thing. If this platform is gonna stop the bullshit, then watch what happens. If they don't, we call 'em out. If they do fantastic, use it to go spread the MAGA message. Do not get emotional about it. Biden's freaking out because the Democrat party cannot exist without gaslighting. What's gaslighting? Pop quiz for those in the chat? Lying.


Lying often, lying confidently and isolating people from the truth. If you don't have those four things, you cannot gaslight people into believing masks work, isolating people from the truth. In other words, censorship is a critical component. They cannot exist the Democrat party without gaslighting and isolating you from the truth because everything they tell you is a lie about taxes. Healthcare, education, government spending, vaccines, masks, school choice, defense woke policies, everything. Here's the clip that got a lot of attention. This is Mark Zuckerberg on Rogan last week.


This is what they're talking about folks. This was a full court media press by Facebook. They are out there right now. They're not hiding this. What they say is a pivot hub of 66 is right. Everyone needs to hold, do not get emotional. Let's watch and see what happens. Apply the Bino rule. However, Zuckerberg was, they were everywhere with this trying to put out this claim change in direction. We'll see what happens. But this was the clip that won nuclear check this out. Frustration when they were trying to roll out the vaccine program and now I'm generally like pretty pro rolling out vaccines.


I think on balance, the vaccines are more positive than negative. But I think that while they're trying to push that program, they also tried to censor anyone who is basically arguing against it. And they pushed us super hard to take down things that were honestly were true, right? I mean they, they basically pushed us and, and said, you know, anything that says that vaccines might have side effects you basically need to take down. And I was just like, well, we're not gonna do that. Like, we're, we're clearly not gonna do that. I mean that, that, that, that is kind of inarguably True. Who was, who was they?


Who's telling you to take down things that Yeah, it was, it was people that talk about vaccine side effects. It was people in the, in the Biden administration. I think it was, you know, I wasn't involved in those conversations directly. Everybody hold, just hold. Let's see what they do and then we'll digest it. We'll regroup and we're not gonna get emotional about it. And do liberal bumper sticker emotions coexist. Tolerance. I want you to understand this. Everybody ready? Beam in horse blinkers on man, understand this. The Democrat party is one big lie. Republicans are confident, solid, conservative libertarian Republicans who aren't bullshit artists like John Fun, okay?


Are absolutely confident that what they're telling you is an accurate representation of how human beings should govern themselves. Freedom and liberty matter in the economic space, the education space or elsewhere. We are absolutely willing to go to the mad and defend it. The Democrats are not. That's why they are bed rocked in censorship. They would not exist without censorship. That's why the fire story in Los Angeles is so devastating because they've been able to hide the data on vaccines, hide the data on masks, hide the data on school choice. In other words, it's out there, but they're not gonna publicize it. You can't hide a freaking fire. One of America's most liberal places is burning to the ground and there's no way for a government now that is claimed to solve all your problems.


Give us your money. 50% of you gonna fix your problems. There's no way to hide the fact that they can't do shit. The emperor has no clothes. That's why this story is outside of the obvious. Human tragedy is so devastating to the liberal governing model. An update on that coming up in a second. Remember, opportunity costs. When you waste your time attacking Donald Trump and moms for liberty, you're not going after China infiltrating the grid. And you're certainly not doing fire prevention either. I'll show you what I mean. Coming up in a


second. Everything's tied together, folks. I lost a lot of weight. I think you noticed that. You could see if you go look at my old videos, I was about two 30, I think 2 38 at my max. I didn't like being heavy anymore. I, I was lifting, I was still doing my cardio, but my joints got beat up so I needed to lose some weight. So Miles from Brick House said, Hey, give this product a try. It's called Lean, LEAN. It was created by a medical doctor and a university researcher. And folks, if you have a few pounds to lose, it's not for you. Diet can clean that up. If you have 10 pounds or more, try lean. I lost 30 pounds on it. The results speak for themselves. You can see it. The science behind lean is impressive. It's naturally studied. Ingredients, target weight loss in similar ways. It worked for me. Lean helps maintain healthy blood. Sugar helps control appetite and cravings, helps you burn fat by converting fat to energy. You ready to lose weight the way I did in a smarter way? That way you can keep it off and get leaner. I'll get you started with 20% off. That's 20% off your first order. Just use code Dan 20. Go to BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan, buy lean, pick it up today. Get started for the new year. It's code Dan 20. Dan two zero at BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash Dan. Pick up lean today. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the F fda. Not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Not a substitute for alternative for care from a healthcare provider


and our last sponsor day before we get back to the show, you just saw the privilege to get tax pardons. Many hardworking Americans don't. The IRS stepped up enforcement. If you owe back taxes or if unfiled returns, don't wait for the IRS before you act. Waiting to get caught can make you look like a tax evader. It's probably not gonna end well. So getting ahead of this is a smart move. But now don't contact the IRS alone. That's a mistake. Turn it over to tax network USA. Why? Because not all tax resolution companies are the same Tax network. USA is a strong relationship with the IRS. They have a preferred direct line to the IRS and why is that important? They know the agents to deal with and who to avoid. And third, their genius strategies are designed to help quickly settle your tax problems in your favor. Whether you owe 10,000 or 10 million, their attorneys and negotiators have resolved over 1 billion in tax debt. I trust tax and network USA call and talk one of the strategists, it's free. Stop looking over your shoulder and put your IRS troubles behind you today. Call 1 809 5 8 1000. That's 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tsa.com/dan. That's TNU usa.com/dan check out today.


Alright, again, please understand this beam in. Look me straight in the eye. The Democrat party is built entirely on a bedrock of lies covered up by the gaslighting media and the anti-Trump, right? That they're both involved in the same effort. They would not exist. Here's why the story's so devastating. I want you to watch this. First, this is a news report outta the west coast, outta California. The California legislature is watching the primary economic engine of its state, Los Angeles, and this economic powerhouse, which it is burn to the ground. And what are these left wing dip shits up to reinforcing their state for their anti-Trump agenda moving forward. I wish I was kidding, ladies and gentlemen, I'm not Watch this morning.


Members, Despite several empty seats in the chamber because of the LA wildfires, the Democratic State Assembly gathered into its special legislative session to prepare for incoming President Donald Trump. And Asked that you keep in mind, Governor Newsom called the special session shortly after the election, as fires raged in Southern California, state lawmakers still prioritize their anti-Trump work. They established a committee and set a hearing for the legislation that sets aside $25 million to prepare for legal battles with the incoming administration. You know, I'm here to, to address this Democratic assembly speaker. Robert Revis didn't wanna talk about it afterwards. Oh, oh, oh, oh, here's more of California Democrat, liberal communist speaker Robert Revis here.


I'm actually shocked here. Here's a media person actually doing actual reporting, which is a stunning thing to see because you so rarely see it asking this dipshit of a human being. Robert Reva, as you know, the economic engine of its state burns down and people lose everything. I saw a story this morning on a cable of a 99-year-old grandmother who had an entire house wiped out. And what's the $25 million going for him suing Donald Trump, who's not even in office yet. It folks, I can't even tell you, the depravity of the scum running the state of California. Here's a reporter asking this guy questions like, Hey bro, you know, the, the state's kind of burning down right now. Maybe we should have some different priorities than a special session about Trump.


Watch this dip shit. He can't even answer the question. Check this out. I could Take a couple of questions. I do have to jump on a call here. With that, I mean, with what you just mentioned and kicked off, here is now the right time to have a special legislative session on allocating money to fight Trump in a way that you could already do without a special legislative session. So I'm, you know, I'm here to, to address this, this, you know, these, these, these, these, these wildfires. This is a, a historic, historic wildfire. While These Wildfires, this is a historic, this is a historic event. These wildfires, as I mentioned, are gonna be quite possibly some of the worst wildfires in disasters in state. But minutes ago, your history House, while this wildfire is happening and while people are trying to understand what's going on and worried about disaster relief, worried about the ability to get homeowners insurance, your chamber gaveled into a special legislative session to prepare for Donald Trump in a way that you are already able to do without a special legislative session.


So again, is now the right time for that. So certainly our focus right now is speaker Ashley. At this moment, my colleagues and I, we are acting with great urgency Folks. I don't know this media person at all, but Justin brought up a good point. My guess is either she's been personally affected or someone she knows has, or someone she knows, knows someone who's had the tragic situation like I did early in my life of a house burning down where everything you ever had is destroyed and you won't even figure it out till later in life. And you need something that burned when it becomes personal liberalism. The gaslighting is harder. You cannot isolate people from the truth and censor them from hearing about how masks don't do shit when their house is burning down.


Understand the governor and the liberal mayor of of of Los Angeles, Karen Bass and Gavin Newsom, they have sold you on a vision. Correct? Give us half of your money. The government can solve your problems and we will fix the big things for you. Ladies and gentlemen. Not only they can't do the little things, they can't do the big things. Santa Anna winds have been there forever. I was reading a story the other day about how in the mid 15 hundreds explorers first saw the bay and the areas over there and they called it the Bay of Smoke because lightning would strike and the Santa Ana winds would stir up wildfires.


This has been happening forever. And the bullshit government, which has stolen your money, has done jack squat except for 10th to smelt. Here's Adam Schiff, the newly elected senator. Here he is on tv now he has done some hits talking about this fire, but he's got, he's the newly elected senator. This scumbag, this lying Russian collusion, hoaxster, this piece of shit who looked in the television on the Tucker Carlson show on Fox, looked in the camera and lied to America saying he had evidence of collusion falsely. Here he is on tv.


This guy should be only discussing his state burning to the ground. What's he worried about? Calling Donald Trump a convicted felon. That's who this piece of shit is. Check this out. And I, you know, what I had been hoping is that the judge would sentence the president to whatever any other similarly situated felon would receive by way of sentence. Now that did not happen and it didn't happen for a reason that the judge properly articulated, which is this man, this now convicted felon is gonna be the president of the United States. Of course this goes on forever. Him talking about convicted felon. Ladies and gentlemen, you shouldn't embrace it. Donald Trump is a political prisoner.


He has been for a long time. Just 'cause he's not in jail doesn't mean he isn't a prisoner of the mechanism of the state he has been. And now we're gonna dismantle it. What did I tell you on Friday? The goal is, does anybody remember it was three words. The goal moving forward, don't ever forget. This is total personnel warfare from this point on. Total personnel warfare total, everybody gets fired. You touched it, you sniffed it. You were anywhere near and anti-Trump weaponized government conspiracy theory or you did nothing and sat by everyone gets fired. Total personnel warfare going forward.


I love just John fun. Maybe, who knows, maybe I can appoint people. He seems to think I have the power to appoint all these people. They haven't even contacted me about something I've offered. What do you, I'm the only guy in radio and podcasting telling you how little I know these people. Do I not Everybody else is out there bragging. Look at me, man. Trump's my right hand guy, man. I'm the only one telling you he not my right hand guy. I spoken to him maybe five or six times. We had dinner once at Bedminster. I, he doesn't call me for shit, for shit. You know how many times he's called me since the election? Take a guess. Justin, any idea? Okay, I think I got an idea. It's a freaking zero. What about JD Vance?


He's definitely no zero. They don't need to call me what need to call me for? I'm the only guy telling you the truth. John, fun seems to think me and him are on the phone every day strategizing. It's the reason I don't go to all this shit. You notice, you don't see me at Mar-a-Lago? Do you Happy to go? I who got, I never been. I don't go. I want you to watch this segment too, because it goes to show you how this media operation is so hellbent on censorship that this PBS reporter is now offended.


PBS, which gets government funds by the way. And I hope that changes under Donald Trump. This PBS reporter is upset that we've uncovered the truth and they lie. She's upset. We believe Donald Trump over them despite the fact that Donald Trump, whether it's about the smelt, the laptop LA's water situation, California's water situation, Russian collusion has been right about everything, every single time. And she's upset. We don't believe them anymore. Watch this. The president Elect team, you, you know, ultimately revives re revise his history whenever they want to. And they did it with January 6th and more people voted for him in 2024 than they did in 2020.


So when you take all of these things that people see in front of their eyes, you know, Trump supporters and voters who supported him ultimately believe him over even what we report and believe him over the facts. Revise the history of January 6th. Donald Trump didn't revise the history of Jan January 6th. Donald Trump and his maggot team of investigators uncovered the truth about it. No one denies what happened. You can watch the videos, however you guys told us. There was no federal involvement at all. Did you not? There were no federal agents in the crowd. I'm telling you, that's bullshit. I've seen pictures of federal agents who've sent me pictures in the crowd working.


They weren't there in their own time. You are upset. Why? 'cause people believed us. And watch, when the pipe bomber story comes out and you find out it was an insider, then you'll find the PBS said, oh my gosh, you guys were right. Again, speaking of January 6th, folks, this tore up the internet this weekend too, about January 6th, federal involvement, the pipe bomber. JD Vance came out this weekend, did an interview with Martha McCallum on the Fox News Sunday Show. It's his first interview. We would've loved to interview him. We haven't interviewed him yet. Whatever man. I don't even care anymore about this stuff. I want them to get their voice out there. But here's Vance on the pardon process going forward.


What they're gonna do from January 6th. A lot of people were upset, some people thought this was the right approach. You decide, I'm here to give you the information accurately. You can hear it from his mouth. He's obviously talking to Donald Trump off and check this out. January 6th Pardons, president Trump says there's a process. Where is the line drawn on who will and wouldn't be considered for a pardon? I think it's very simple. Look, if you protested peacefully on January the sixth and you've had Merrick Garland's, department of Justice treat you like a gang member, you should be pardoned. If you committed violence on that day, obviously you shouldn't be pardoned. And there's a little bit of a gray area there, but ver we're very much committed to seeing the equal administration of law. And there are a lot of people we think in the wake of January the sixth who were prosecuted unfairly.


We need to rectify that. I'm sorry, Shannon Bream, obviously the weekend show. Martha has the weekday show. So thanks in the chat. I've been watching that. Some people objected to that. There was a back and forth between the HODs twins and JD Vance on Twitter about it. Some of you will object to it. Some of you agree with it. I'm here to give you the information. Ladies and gentlemen, you decide on what the proper approach is going forward. All I'm saying going forward is if Joe Biden can sit there and pardon convicted felons. I think we need to take a broad scope view of pardons on January 6th. We can't also deny a lot of stuff happened that day that shouldn't. But we should be able to get to the truth and speak the truth.


Truth to power on this because people have lied to us forever. Now, speaking of January 6th and the federal involvement in the crowd, I'm telling you happened. I'll give you the, I'll give you a fair assessment. I what happened and what I think went down that day, and I have, but they are lying to you Barry. Barry Loudermilk is a Republican congressman. He's been doing a really good job on this pipe bomber case. Now this is really important. You gave an interview this past week and they are pushing in the new Congress, which is now seated. They're pushing for full subpoena power going forward to investigate what happened with this pipe bomber case, which I'm telling you is an inside job.


I have zero doubt anymore. They know the identity as person. They just don't want you to know subpoena power is important. 'cause it's not just about subpoenaing people within the FBI to say, what the hell did you know about that pipe bomber and when did you know it? It's about the threat of subpoena. They then have to go and get lawyers. This is the processes punishment both ways, folks. Here's Loudermilk an update on this. This is gonna be really important and we need to watch this going forward. Check this out. The Speaker publicly tweeted out last week that we will continue the investigation and it will be fully funded and that we're gonna move it to a full committee level. So we're working with his office right now to get that squared away.


What it's gonna look like, I anticipate probably a select committee, but we'll see. See what we, we work out which is the best way forward. Would This include subpoenas of some individuals? Well, one of the requirements would be that we would have to have full subpoena authority, which is we didn't have that during this last investigation. It was all subject to the full committee. And so this would actually give us the ability to, to issue subpoenas directly, which I think opens the door to getting more information because it's the threat of subpoena that is actually more powerful than the subpoena itself. Folks, what Barry Loudermilk is saying is one Hundred percent accurate once the threat of subpoena, Hey, you guys can testify.


You're gonna get a subpoena. You can no longer ignore. They do not wanna be embarrassed up on Capitol Hill. Oh, they don't care. Oh, believe me, they do. A lot of these guys, these mid-level four, GS 14 and 15 FBI agents, listen to me as a guy who's been inside the government, they have no experience whatsoever under the spotlight. Listen to what I'm telling you. A lot of these guys have never even been interviewed by the media. You think they wanna be on Fox and OAN and Newsmax with their entire neighborhood, watching them on clips on the Laura Ingram show, whatever, sitting there pleading the fifth folks this scared shitless right now about having to be of forced under oath to tell the truth under penalty of perjury, total personnel warfare going forward.


It is the only way to fix this thing. Let's listen to me too. I am absolutely convinced, convinced with certainty, and there's not a lot I can say with certainty that if we would've lost this election, ladies and gentlemen, tyranny was right around the corner. Biden, by the way, is still convinced he would've won, which I find quite hilarious. Here's Biden last week, given a presser again, talking about how he thinks he would've beaten Trump. You wanna talk about a delusional lunatic? You think this guy in the second term was in any way grounded in reality? You would've seen full blown hammer and sickle here in the United States with him or Kamala Harris. Watch this. I'm never successful.


I don't think so. I think I would've beaten, Trump could have beaten Trump, and I think that Kamala could have beaten Trump. It would've beaten Trump. It wasn't about, I thought it was important to unify the party Folks. This guy is the biggest lying s sec of shit to ever occupy the White House. Do you understand? If we would've lost to this guy or Kamala Harris, which I don't think would've happened, by the way, I think he's delusional. The poll numbers were even worse for Biden than they were for Harris. You would've been looking at hammer and sickle here in the United States, and in case you think this stuff isn't happening, it's happening in our hemisphere right here. You've got a situation.


I don't cover a lot of foreign policy. I'm not gonna spend a ton of time on this, but it's critical. You've got a situation brewing right now in Venezuela where you have a a full blown Kami tyrant in Maduro who just stole an election Democrat in the United States style and is basically claiming victory in election. No serious person thinks he lost and he's now trying to imprison his political opponent. This Maria Carina Machado put that on V up there. They took her into custody since let her go, but the streets eventually erupted. And ladies and gentlemen, this is the kind of stuff you would've seen in the United States. More of this imprisoning of political opponents like you saw with Donald Trump right here, right now. This is happening in Venezuela right now as we speak.


I know we don't cover a ton of foreign policy, but it's really critical. You follow what's going on. Because listen, past is prologue right now, and we've seen this stuff over and over. You give people unchecked power, Democrat media, Pentagon, FBI, all aligned with the same socialist vision, which a lot of it's become between upper level people at that thing. And what did you get? What do you get? You get Lord, acting like power corrupts absolute power corrupts absolutely. I want you to watch this clip with Tucker Carlson. He did this interview a couple weeks ago. It's a pretty good one. But he talks about how something I've said often that it's, it's an old adage. I did not invent it, but I'll put it out there because it's so true to the Democrats.


This is a warning to you Republicans, the good ones, not the John funds. You can vote yourself into socialism and tyranny. Matter of fact, it happens often past his prologue, but there's only one way out. You gotta fight your way out. 'cause they will never give up power unless you get rid of him. And we were this close, watch this clip with Tucker. You'll see what I mean? How'd that happen? How did Hugo Chavez come to power in a military coup? No, in an election because you know, five or six families, classic kind of Latin economic structure took control of the economy and didn't share their wealth. That's just true. I'm sorry. It happened in Cuba too. You get a fascist like Fidel Castro in the country.


If you ignore it, Folks, when you ignore the will of people and you trample over them and you steal from them like it's happening right now with these raging wildfires, with the crime situation in Chicago and New York, eventually it's going to get bad enough. Is it bad enough? Yet? You get differing opinions. My friend Kurt Schlicter I saw on Twitter, I believe it was him, seems to believe that none of this is gonna make a difference. California's gonna continue to vote. Blue. Folks in the chat, chime in. I'll give you my answer. I don't know. I don't know. All I can tell you is I lived in New York City and it had to get really, really, really bad before people changed their voting behavior.


But they did eventually think about it. You think it's bad now? There were close to 3000 people, close to 3000 people murdered in New York City when they finally voted in Rudy Giuliani. And then he won reelection in a landslide. 3000 people. That's like Afghanistan folks. It's the per capita murder rate in New York is up there with like the highest in the world back then. And finally they changed course. Are these wildfires the crime situation around the country in big cities? It gonna change. Is it bad enough yet? My answer, again, I'm being honest here and humble in my, I'm not trying to be a stupid smart person. I'm trying to be a smart, smart person.


I don't know. I don't know when it's bad enough, but I know we're getting there because we're seeing a change in voting patterns. I wanna get to this too, because this is important. It shows the change in vision moving forward. Donald Trump, ladies and gentlemen, JD Vance are BHAG guys big hairy, audacious goals, guys. They talk about it all the time. They tell you this in business school, have A-B-H-A-G have a big hairy, audacious goal in your vision. You're a CEO, you're a corporate executive, you're running a small business. Have a big visionary goal that people can, can aspire to. You may get there, you may not. But it gives people a vision.


It gives your company a vision. You know, it's not just FFO stuff. Trump and Vance have that. They see big things for the United States. That's why this Greenland thing, don't let people go, oh, Greenland, he's getting lost. No, no. This is a big deal. It is a huge piece of land critical to our national defense, loaded with rare earth minerals and a group of people, if you believe the latest poll that would love to join the United States, I think it should be a territory, not a state. However, we need Greenland. It's a big goal. It's a visionary goal, it's an audacious, but here's JD Vance, totally in line with the Trump agenda explaining exactly why we should be doing big things, not small things because the United States deserves big things.


'cause we've done big things for the world. Watch this. What's the deal With Greenland and the Panama Canal? Are we using or considering use of military force in any of those situations? No. Look, we don't have to use military force. The thing that people always ignore is we already have troops in Greenland. Greenland is really important for America strategically. It has a lot of great natural resources. My friend Donald Trump Jr. Was there a couple days ago, and you know what they told him? They want to be empowered to develop. The people of Greenland wanna be empowered to develop the resources there. We also need to make sure that Greenland is properly cared for from an American security perspective. And frankly, the current leadership, the Danish government has not done a good enough job of securing Greenland. I think there actually is a real opportunity here for us to take leadership, to protect America's security, to ensure that those incredible natural resources are developed.


And that's what Donald Trump is, is, is good at. He's good at making deals and I think there's a deal to be made in Greenland. Okay, quick Folks, I think this is genius and I applaud JD Vance for going on and doing what he always does. Soundly articulating the Mavis for America. Yes, we are an expansionary country. We have a lot to offer. We've been paying to finance the world's policing and security forever. It's time the world paid us back. We need Greenland should be a territory. The people there should choose. Should we engage in a hostile military takeover of Greenland? No, I believe that would be a mistake. But JD is right. We already have a military presence in Greenland because they need us. Or they'd already be invaded by Russia or China. Who would love to take Greenland and set up a base right off our northeast.


I wanna leave you with this clip because it's totally unrelated to anything other than some Monday. Good news. 'cause it is a Monday that hits you with a lot of heavy stuff today, including media bullshit and everything else. You know, I love Brazilian juujitsu. I had to stop after cancer, had the port in my chest, didn't wanna have it ripped out, bleed to death or anything like that, but I loved it my entire life. Brazilian Juujitsu is grappling groundfighting, the art of using leverage on the ground. I'm fascinated by it. I recommend anyone who, as long as your doctor clears you to Do it, and you orthopedically can Do it to take it up. There's nothing like the ability to learn to defend yourself. It is a pure meritocracy. But I'm telling you, I've seen this. Here's Joe Rogan. I'm Brazilian Jujitsu with the Yvan, or I Don Dunno, who he's with you. But talking about how guys and women who take Brazilian juujitsu all of a sudden become like libertarians and free of big government.


'cause I'm telling you why I've seen it in these schools myself. I've been in about 10 of them. It is a pure meritocracy. There is no socialism on a Brazilian juujitsu mat. Watch this. Check this out. By the way. I'll tell you. Oh for a fact. Mark Zuckerberg started doing juujitsu and nothing turns you into a libertarian like Juujitsu. Really? Oh yeah. Yeah. Nothing turns you into a person who like really values hard work and discipline and struggle like jujitsu, huh? Because the exposure of character on a level that like there's not nothing else is like it. Wow, I hadn't thought about that that much. Yeah, you, because you expose character in a way that it's almost impossible even with other martial arts because with other martial arts, you can only spar so much, man, believe me, 'cause I spar too much.


You spar a lot. You get hurt and you get hurt. Eventually you get dinged up to the point where your brain is just not firing so well anymore. Listen, I'm, I'm not parenting your kids. That's your job. You know your kids far better than I do, obviously. I'm just telling you, if you have the opportunity to get your kids in Brazilian Juujitsu Grappling Wrestling class as early as you can, he is one Hundred percent correct. Everything you need to learn about yourself. I promise you, you will figure out the fastest on a Brazilian Jujitsu ad when someone's kicking your ass and it'll make a conservator outta you right quick. Absolutely promise you Rogan is one Hundred percent spot on. Get your kids in there if you can take the classes yourself.


Trust your boy batting average 1000 folks, thanks again for tuning in.


Huge week for Rumble. Announced a major deal, rumbles blowing up. Thank you for supporting us. You know, we have cloud services. We just brought on the country of El Salvador. Interested in freedom and freeing themselves from the tyranny of Amazon Web Services and other places like that. Folks, listen. Sign up for Rumble Cloud. Download the Rumble app. We would love to have you. The Parallel Economy. The free speech economy is growing. Sign up for Rumble Premium if you'd like. We'd really appreciate it. You will get a rumble ad free experience of live resources in the show, but we appreciate it at Download the Rumble app or go to rumble.com/bonino. Give us a follow tune in every day for the biggest live stream in the world. The Dan Bonino show. 11:00 AM every day. rumble.com/bonino. Give us a follow on Apple podcast and Spotify as well. Means a lot to us. See you on the radio show here in a few minutes. I'm back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM See you then.


You just heard the Dan Bonino show.