
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host. Dan Bonino. We're doing it live. We're doing it live. We're back live yesterday. Sadly. We had a tape early. I live over here in the east coast of Florida as You know. Many of you are aware we had a really bad incident over here where I live in my county, but we are back live. I wish I had some proof of life thing to show you. Like a Oh here. Look, you're show you my phone in my phone. There's you scrolling right now. So not that I would ever spin your wheels, but we are back live. I wanna thank my crew and everyone.


I know there was a little bit of a delay on the Apple podcast, but folks, if you understand what happened yesterday and the day before, you'll see what I, I'm gonna get to it. We live through some really crazy stuff here in the county. It was like you were either totally okay or you were totally wiped out. Oh, sorry. That's Steve. That's how live it is. That's actually me playing my own show on the thing. So now you can hear it. Big show today. I got that. Also, folks who would've thunk it, the October surprises are here, but they're actually destroying Kamala Harris. This is freaking weird. There are three, four things happening right now. They did not see coming in the campaign.


They, Kamala doesn't know what to do. She doesn't know what to do. She's in a free fall right now.


Hey y all know I use my Beam Dream powder. Go to sleep, right They have an exclusive discount for my listeners up to 45% off. visit shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino as I said, big show Quick update and then we'll get back to all the stories.


Our first sponsor day Patriot Mobile. Many Americans are tired and frustrated by the stalling economy, inflation, endless wars, and the relentless assault on our values. You know that thankfully there's companies like Patriot Mobile that still believe in America and our rights proud partner with Patriot Mobile have been, they're on the front lines fighting for our rights. Sanctity of life or military veteran first responder heroes. Take a stand for conservative causes. Put America First. Switch to Patriot Mobile today. Here's the thing, you'll get the same nationwide coverage as the big providers 'cause Patriot Mobile operates across all three major networks. Plus they have a coverage guarantee. That 100% US based customer service team, gee loves them. Who's your guy over there? The customer service guy, Milton, who treats them really nice. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade, don't sweat it. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot right now. You get a free month when you sign up to use the offer code. Dan, don't be fooled by other providers pretending to share your values have the same coverage. They don't and they can't. So join us here, team Bonino. Switch to America's only Christian conservative mobile provider. Official mobile provider of The, Bongino, Show, Patriot, Mobile. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash Dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month of service today.


All right fellas, I've never been happier to ring that bell. I gotta tell you something. As my friends and as a member of this Bongino army, yesterday was basically a day off because we had taped the podcast early because we had to. I didn't know what to do with myself. I'm telling you straight man, not being here with you guys. There's this dopamine rush I get out of it every day. It's like the cold plunge. You know, it's like you work hard to produce the show. Like you You know you're working hard in a cold plunge to heat up and then you get out and like you do the show and you feel amazing. This is like my cold plunge. I didn't know what to do. I'm sitting there all day, I'm cleaning up my house. It was a total mess. So here's what happened here.


And by the way, if you hear that sound outside, it's a bunch of people cleaning up out there. The place is a train wreck. If you were on the east coast, the hurricane made landfall over on the west coast of Florida. You already know that Helene, right? Here's the strangest thing, the most tragic thing, the death toll. Everybody who died died Over here where I live, I live, so Mar-a-Lago is in Palm Beach County, right? I'm sandwiched between Palm Beach and St. Lucie County and a county called Martin. Like the name Martin, right? Martin County's not, we're not huge. Palm Beach county's bigger. But what happened was we're we're taping the show and if you notice and you go back and listen to podcast, I'm sorry, I don't mean to get into it in my personal life here, but this is a national story.


What happened, and these guys can attest to it, we were taping the show basically after the radio show on Wednesday, right? So it's like four o'clock or so eastern time on Wednesday and we're not expecting anything. The hurricane hadn't even made landfall yet. On the west coast, the damn thing got so big. The wind bands were on the east coast out here. Michael takes this picture and like an hour later what happened guys? Tornado warnings on the phone. Were you guys getting them be be I mean? Like we don't usually get tornado warnings over here, folks. It did not stop. It went off the entire night. People were wiped out.


Palm Beach Gardens, Martin County. We had a place to furry friends, which my, the guy built in our office, this guy Ronnie Kurtman, Kurtman Construction, who's an amazing guy, thank you Ronnie. He's putting together this animal rescue place totally wiped out, destroyed people got destroyed PO Beach Gardens. There were entire communities hurricanes ripped through. There were dumpsters, full blown dumpsters. I'm not talking about like the bag dumpsters. I mean steel dumpsters. You can see the pictures online on people's roofs. And then St. Lucie County, the sheriff up there, Pearson was on tv. He was the one in the rain on tv, on Fox there. Whole vehicle facility got wiped out. So we had just an insane amount of tornadoes over here.


So guys, can you throw that up? The thing I put first, this was just from the local news guy as it turns out as we were going through it, we're like, this is nuts. This guy Noah Bergen, who's a weather guy, I don't know him, but I I was following him over the last few days. He says, crazy day for tornadoes in Central South Florida. Nearly as many tornado warnings has occurred in Alabama during the super outbreak of 2011. Sadly, it turned deadly, yet people died. Here are the numbers. That was today in flood. That was before I. Think even the day concluded there were 126 tornado warnings. So it was, I don't want you to think I just took off the radio show casually. I I didn't. And we recorded the podcast 'cause we got an election coming up and I want to thank again Ron DeSantis, the state, the town of the town, I I live in here, in in city of Stewart as well.


'cause they've been doing a good job. But there's a big cleanup. So thank you everyone for your patience. Again, we're back live. Let me get back to the show now. I hope I didn't You know bore you with my personal life, but we're okay by the way. We just have a pretty massive cleanup. We had a a Banyan tree on our property. We absolutely love Spanish moss and it's, it's like the trees are everywhere, so it's gonna take a while for us to clean up. But everything here is okay, we're broadcasting live. Alright, let's get back to the show. Thank you for everything. Thanks for your support You know we'll get through this and people in North Carolina and elsewhere who are still struggling. There's another side of this You know. So who to thunk it folks, the October surprises are piling up.


But for the libs, this is the craziest thing. Now hear me out for a second. Conservatives MAGA supporters and I think even Libertarians who are leaning towards Donald Trump after what happened with RFK and Elon and others, we and Michael, tell me if you think I'm crazy, you're a good political guy here, right? Yeah. I mean you're more libertarian on the libertarian front. But I think we've become so immune from 2016 and 2020 to bullshit stories, right? Tell me if I'm crazy. Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump are giving each other handies and massages and they're stealing the election. Everybody was like at first, I I I. Think mild Trump supporters, not the hardcore Trump supporters were like, oh, maybe there's something there.


Like this could be some okay hoax. Then 2020 they're like, here's the Hunter Biden laptop. Hunter Biden actually gave it to a guy and you get this letter. Oh look, Intel officials say it may be Russia did 2020. We were like, okay, that's bullshit. Like right away. When I right I mean, is it my analysis? Kind of correct Now aliens, yeah, thank you. Michael said, right. Michael will believe there's an alien invasion before he believes a CBS story or anyone else says anything about Donald Trump. So I think the problem liberals have they have now is they keep launching these October surprise stories about Trump. They keep falling apart and nobody's believing them at all.


To the point now where no shit, if they were to actually launch a real October surprise, they were like, Donald Trump was really the son of Sam. He has a D. He was the serial killer. It wasn't that guy David Bud. Was it Berkowitz or Trump? Was that the son of Sam? That wasn't him. It was Donald Trump. Even if it was real, if they had DNA blood blood service, if they had Donald Trump on video saying I was in fact the son of Sam, the infamous serial killer in New York, nobody would believe them. No one. Everything's falling flat, but there's a big bot.


BUT. There's a big but the October surprises for Kamala. They just keep coming. I really love this guy Peter St. An's videos are amazing. You should follow him. Follow him on X, follow him I. Think he's got a show. This guy is hilarious. He's an economist oriented guy. Super smart. Here's about a minute where he describes exactly what I've been telling you more eloquently than I've said it about how the October surprises are now kicking Kamala Harris and her team, right, the gonads and there's nothing they can do about it because everything they did, those chickens are coming home to roost. Check this out. With the Katrina level federal in confidence in North Carolina, the New York Times is panicking that quote, economic turbulence could sing Kamala campaign handing the nation to fanatics who want to seize the federal government and make it leave you alone.


The article immense that we're seeing October surprises, but the wrong kind of surprise for the New York Times liking. So instead of wall to wall coverage by salivating left wing journalists of Donald Trump's banter, instead the New York Times is worried we're getting a war in the Middle East that could send oil prices soaring a port strike that threatened to cripple the economy already old news and a hurricane that revealed in horrifying detail how rotted out our America last federal government has become the times limits more in anger than sorrow. How all of these unlucky breaks are hitting just when American policymakers or gaining confidence, they have successfully tamed inflation. They are particularly worried about oil.


Since politicians have known for a generation that gas prices make or break an election. Folks, the October surprises are kicking them in the nuts, not us. And they can't get away from 'em because the numbers are, the numbers are the numbers. Look at this. I I wrote this down. I love that video. I wanted to make sure I launched the show I. Think I sent that a couple days ago. I'm like, guys, we gotta run with this. The storm response awful from Biden Harris. Just awful, awful. I don't care what they tell you about what FEMA's doing Now, ladies and gentlemen, political optics matter. The storm response was devastating. Kamala Harris fact was in Hollywood hobnobbing at a fundraiser.


That is an irrefutable, undeniable fact while people were drowning in Hurricane Helene that you can't argue that. Look it up. It happened. Joe Biden was on the beach the next day after it. They didn't visit for a week. FEMA money. FEMA money was used for illegals, was billions of dollars for illegals. Our money was sent overseas. They were sending out tweets about sending our money overseas while people were struggling and FEMA was crying broke folks, optics matter, okay? But the media told us optics matter. Your rules dip shits. You wanted them.


Now we're gonna play ball. Remember when? When George Bush and Katrina said talking about Michael Brown, brown, he's doing a good job. And by the way, did Katrina response was the best they could do. It was the locals who screwed it up. Go look it up. Go look it up. But we were told optics matter, don't tell Michael Brown, he's doing a good job. It they ruined this guy. The media 'cause they told us optics matter. Biden was on the beach. My yorkes was shopping for hammock pouch underwear to shield his nuts from the sun raise in a high-end men's store while people were dying. Okay? That's a fact. My orkis Biden Harris, total garbage, absolute filth, they screwed it up.


And their October surprise was that they sucked and they surprised us by sucking even worse than we thought. They sucked the second, as you heard in the St Orange video, the Middle East blowing up hot today again as Israel, the IDF, their intelligence services take out more demon savage terrorists. I hate demon savages. They put them six feet deep as many as possible. Good for them. The Middle East is blowing up right now. Nobody's listening to Joe Biden 'cause nobody gives a shit. It's so bad. They had to edit the answer at CBS. The jobs numbers came out worse than expected. There's a they, there's an Afghani, the country accused of a terror attack on election day who apparently was working with the CIA another Biden thing.


You had a port strike that's barely resolved. No, don't let anyone tell you the port strike's over. Oh yeah, there's a cooling off period and a temporary deal. But they didn't agree to any long-term stuff. The port strike inflation, inflation came in hot again and gas prices are going up again. Folks, this is just the numbers. Okay? You don't believe me? Fine. Cool. This is like a supermarket. This show why in the chat now that I can look again live because we always bring receipts. Yahoo Finance, Yahoo Finance and Michael, is this a big conservative website? No it isn't. Thank you. Not at all. Don't tell me I don't bring receipts that are bipartisan, nonpartisan, whatever.


Okay, inflation. Consumer price increases in September come in slightly hotter than estimates. You think that's a but that's Yahoo. Finance, liberal Dbags, Yahoo Finance. They're about, they're they. They're more communist than Vladimir Lenin. They're telling you, look at the date. October 10th, 2024. Here you want another one? Notice I'm using no conservative sites here at all in case you think I'm fudging the fact that inflation's getting bad again. I thought we were told it was under control. Too bad. So sad you got FD again. Here's Bloomberg News. Bloomberg News. You mean like the left wing gun grabbing? Yes, that guy.


Here's Bloomberg News telling you how bad the inflation numbers came in. Again, higher than expected, yet again, you want more government spending more inflation. Keep it up. Watch this. Alright, let's take a look at CP I comes in a little bit hotter than anticipated. Up two-tenths of a percent, same as last month. Forecast was for one 10th. The core comes in up three-tenths. That is also a little bit hotter than forecast two-tenths was the belief three-tenths was what we saw in August. The year over year numbers 2.4% for the headline, not as good as anticipated. And for the core, 3.3% not as good as anticipated.


So 3.3 for core inflation. In other words, stuff you really buy folks, what else do you need to hear? This showed is not F around. Okay, we're not I. I would happily bring you conservative sources on this. However, the numbers are the numbers. I choose liberal sources for one reason because I don't wanna be accused. Oh, ban GTO's making that up. It's a conspiracy theory really. Yahoo Finance and Bloomberg Inflation is out control folks. It has been out of control for three freaking years and it you got that Milton Friedman video. I know it's at the end of the show. I'm sorry to mess with you guys, but do You know the one I'm talking about? I sent that Rand Paul sent this out.


It's only about 30 seconds. Don't sweat it folks. Listen to me. Please, please, please. This is the most important 30 seconds of your life. Inflation is always and everywhere a money phenomenon. The more money the government prints, if you, if you were to helicopter drop like the government does a hundred thousand dollars on an island that only had a hundred thousand dollars on it, how much? How much money would be on the island? 200,000. So the prices of things on the island would likely double. Yes. It's a simplified answer. Who has the only power to helicopter drought money? The Federal Reserve, which is a government entity despite claiming its quasi, it is not the Federal Reserve finances, all of this government borrowing.


How do you think, where do you think the government's borrowing from? The Federal Reserve makes all of this happen? They are printing more money because the government's spending more money and Kamala Harris is now running on spending more money. So if you like this inflation according to Bloomberg and Yahoo Finance, then yes, vote for Kamala Harris. I'm not here to mess with you. I'm not here to tickle your fancy. You like inflation. Vote for more Kamala Harris. She's proposing ridiculous amounts of new spending here. Listen to Freedman explain. Government is the, the only person causing this inflation right now is government. Listen to this. Inflation Is made in Washington because only Washington can create money and any other attribution of an to other groups of inflation is wrong.


Consumers don't produce it. Producers don't produce it. The trade unions don't produce it. Foreign sheex don't produce it. Oil imports don't produce it. What produces it? It's too much government spending and too much government creation of money and nothing else. Folks, nobody else can create money. I, I better see if, I'm gonna see how slick you guys are. This is a pop quiz. Aveta, you listening over there? She not here. I'm sorry. So she's definitely not listening. Michael Luki, what is it called when people other than the federal government print money and go try to spend it? Do you have any idea counterfeit that this guy's a math major.


Holy shit. It's yeah, it's called counterfeiting. It's called Counter. It's a crime. How do I know that? Because I used to work for the Secret Service and we'd arrest people for doing it. Where do you think this money's, I honestly, for a second I was a little nervous here he, he's a math major. This cat, you're not a you only the government print money. Inflation is a government problem. Who is in charge of the government? Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. If you want more inflation, vote for them. Just do it. So the October surprises the inflation number. Folks, that was a big surprise, not to me, to the Democrats. I told you inflation wasn't going anywhere. Did I not go listen to my shows?


The Democrats don't know what to do. They can't escape the numbers. It is getting really bad for Kamala Harris folks. I am hearing now from very reliable people. Yeah, they are Republicans, but people who know politics, the Kamala Harris campaign right now is they are in an absolute free fall and they are seriously worried not just about her losing, but about down ballot effects too. If you're showing up, vote Republican down the ticket. I get it. They're not the solution to your problems your boy understands. However, the cause of all your problems are the Democrats. And if we don't get a Republican Senate and a house, they may be useless. But You know what the Democrats Senate house will be useful for impeaching Trump.


I'm not telling you it's a perfect world. I'm telling you, we gotta deal with the world we live in. Get your ballot and do not skip a single raise. R-R-R-R-R. We can clean up the mess later in primaries. I'm not telling you they're useful. I'm telling you the Democrats are useful for impeachment. At least I'm honest about it. Quick break and I'm gonna show you just a quick thing about the CBS scandal blowing up and how this Middle East crisis now myorca this thing, they can't get away from it. Folks, the bad news. Do You know the thing called the Big Mo in politics? Momentum negative momentum's a real thing too.


Hey, when it comes to protecting your family, it's not just about a firearm. Lethal force isn't the answer for every situation. Everybody here is gonna get a burner. We're still waiting for 'em. We're really excited about this. Listen, if an imminent threat comes your way, instinct may drive you to reach for a firearm immediately. But what if they're a way to defend yourself and deescalate a situation without the irreversible consequences of deadly force Burner? They have a non-lethal pistol launcher equipped with tear gas and kinetic ammo can incapacitate an attacker for up to 40 minutes. No need to go Defcon one. You just need protection to make sure we can diffuse the situation and drive the threat away. Listen, I've trained with firearms through my job as a police officer and a federal agent for most of my life. I am a firearm aficionado. I have many of them. The Burner Pistol was one of the easiest to learn and use. They sent me one before I agreed to sponsor. I really love it. If you don't own a firearm, if you don't own one, if you do own one, it's a great option to have made in America. Legal in all 50 states requires no background checks and shipped right to your door. Visit berna.com/dan now for an exclusive 10% discount for my listeners today. That's b yna burna B yna.com/dan Check it out. Highly recommended it. Take a look.


Alright, back to the show folks. It's not just the inflation crisis now exploding again. The Middle East is blowing up in their faces. Not gonna spend a ton of time on this, but it's so bad. CBS had to edit Kamala Harris's interview on why no one in the Middle East is listening to these two idiots in the White House right now. Just the news. There's now huge pressure to release the unedited version of Kamala Harris's 60 Minutes interview answer on why Netanyahu and others are completely ignoring him. My guess, folks, the reason they edited it is it's even worse than you can imagine. What do you mean, Dan? We've seen the edited and the unedited. No, I don't think you have folks.


I think the unedited answer is even worse than the one they put on before they edited. You follow what I'm saying here? I think the unedited answer from the edit and the additional edit is even worse than you can imagine. Nobody is listening to them. And then we find out yesterday that this corrupt, disgusting piece of garbage, my york is shopping for men's wear while people are drowning, spending our money on illegals from FEMA opening our border, facilitating a fentanyl crisis, terrorists, murderers, sex offenders in our country, the most disgusting human being to ever occupy a cabinet space, a danger to this country. Alejandro Mayorkas.


Now we find out that a terrorist is in the country who was brought into the country from Afghanistan. Kind of sounds like something we warn people about. We find out now that he was working with the CIA. Oh my gosh. Is that a conspiracy theory? It isn't. I'm at a conspiracy theories, folks. It's for real. Now we find out that this guy was in the United States planning an election day plot, which by the way is probably not the only one reason. Number 10,000 to get your vote in early. Go to the location. Go. If you don't have to vote by mail, don't. If you have to find you've no choice, go to the voting location. Vote early.


Vote early. Have I said it enough, Michael? Vote early. Vote early. Vote early. Vote early. Damn, I'm annoyed. Good vote early. Say it one more time. Vote early. They are not the only ones plotting something on election day. Wait, when one who you vote Giza is confused still vote early. Thank you. I thank you. Now we get it. Look at this video folks. This story about this. Afghani is a big F-ing deal. So big Mayor Orca does not want to answer any questions. This video is long. I may cut it off a little early. You don't need to see the whole exchange a little over a minute or so, but Jackie Heinrich from Fox, who I wanna applaud, did a great job. She did not let him off the hook.


It's like, Hey man, I I. Get it. We hear about this FEMA thing, but we got a freaking terrorist in the country plotting election day massacre with 20 days to go. Like, are you gonna answer any questions on this or what? Watch my orkis shit his diaper. Again, I wonder if he was out after this getting men's wear or maybe new diapers or something. Listen to this. Thanks Green. Mr. Secretary, it's Jackie Heiner from Fox. I wanna ask you about a different story. This Afghan National who was working for the C I A in Afghanistan was arrested for planning an election day terror plot. He was brought to the US after Afghanistan collapsed. Your agency says, as part of the SIV program, the State department is telling us he was not part of the SIV program, which had strenuous vetting.


They say he was never issued an SIV or immigrant Visa and DHS paroled him into the us. They further expect the court document to be updated to reflect this from the DOJ side. So Mr. Secretary, how was this man brought into the us? What screening did he undergo? What did he apply for to get here? Jackie I I am here in North Carolina communicating with the individuals who are still conducting search and rescue operations. Over 200 people have lost their lives in Hurricane Helene. We have reports that at least 10 individuals have lost their lives as a result of Hurricane Milton.


I'd be very pleased to answer your question in a different setting. But we are here to talk about emergencies and the support that we can deliver to people in desperate need. I. Thank you I. Appreciate that Mr. Secretary. But we're getting conflicting answers from your agency and from the State Department about a man who was arrested for an election day terror plot. How do you not have those answers prepared? Oh, Jackie, that's not what I said. What I said is, I'd be pleased to discuss this issue at a different time, but I am here to speak about disasters that have impacted people's lives in real time and that is a subject that I'm addressing today. Mr. Secretary, can you This goes folks.


I don't even, this goes on for another minute and he actually has the balls. This guy, the first time he's developed a pair of gonads in his life to say to Jackie Hyek, you can basically keep asking, but I'm basically gonna be persistent in not answering the question. There's a plot out there to murder people on election day according to these serious allegations and this guy doesn't wanna talk about it. The election if he doesn't know, is a little over 20 days away and people are voting now. Kind of important. No. And then he goes, people are dying. Yeah, yeah. Al, while you were out shopping for hammock pouch underwear to protect your nuts. Yeah, we know people are dying. We've been covering it on our show. We've been bringing attention to it on our show so people can get help.


What the hell are you doing? I can tell you what your boss was doing. Sunning his balls on a beach. I can tell you what Kamala Harris, where she was, she was out in Hollywood. Did you not know raising money? They only showed up seven days later. Folks, the dreadful storm response is another one. Inflation blowing up again. The Middle East blowing up again. Nobody is listening. Number three, the storm response is one of the worst political optics and political action. Both. I wanna be clear responses to a, the deadliest storm in modern times. Helene and a super destructive storm. Folks, we lost six people over here within a 50 mile radius of of my house.


Was it five or six people died? Where are these idiots on the left. This government had to nowhere to be found. Then you got you, you, you, you hear like Cavuto on Fox yesterday, like attacking Donald Trump over this giving buttigieg a pass. Like what is going on over there at at least be honest and candid. Trump was out there raising money, bringing attention to the issue. Where were these guys? I don't know if you saw that disaster yesterday. Here's Kamala Harris at a briefing. By the way, she has no business even being there. She shows up. She has no power authority in this whatsoever.


The optics are terrible. She's now, she shows up a week later at one of these Zoom type briefings and apparently she's being juicy. This, she's being fed the questions. You see Donald Trump being fed questions ever. She's being fed the questions and she has to put her hand over her mouth and tell her staff, Hey, it's a live broadcast so they don't hand her stuff on camera. You believe this watch, check this out. Flood Our, we really gotta watch those, those areas in those communities. So it takes quite a while for that water to drain. Thank you very much. Hey Ken, I have a question for you. You, you mentioned words matter and I I know there's a lot of media following this, this briefing.


You see it. You see how she has to whisper it herself? 'cause she cannot think extemporaneously folks. She has no, but look at it right there telling her staff. It's a live broadcast. You hear it? She cannot think you want this woman to think in a national security crisis if there's a nuclear war that breaks out. There was just a leak in this Bob Woodward book. I don't know how true it is. It's Bob Woodward. I have no idea. I'm just telling you it's in the book if you wanna read it. It's these guys a big lefty, but whatever that there, the, our intelligence community, which I don't trust as far as I can throw 'em, by the way, said there's a 50% chance Putin was gonna use a nuke. You want this woman making decisions. She doesn't even know a question to ask in an emergency.


And then you got again, you got, what the hell was Cavuto doing yesterday on Fox? Did you guys see that? A kissing Buttigieg hiss ass. I'm gonna tell you something, he, this is not personal. I'm gonna tell you straight. He was always a very nice guy. Matter of fact, oh, and he's got a, he's dealing with a lot in his life. I'm not gonna spin I, wanna make this personal. He was always very kind to me. But this is a business I'm in and we're in the business of politics and you owe the people some honesty and wasting an entire segment with Buttigieg using it to basically attack Donald Trump who has no power to do anything other than bring attention.


And that's what he did. And money, by the way, while Buttigieg, who's the transportation secretary, works for Biden, why not hold them to account? Ask him about all the money they've wasted studying like racist bridges and shit. Unbelievable man. Can sense my frustration. This has become like a battle between sane people and ass kissers. Now I wanna play for your video. Next DeSantis, freaking nuking Kamala Harris folks, DeSantis, I live down here in Florida, has been kicking ass and taking names. The guy, I don't think he slept more than two hours a night. I think he takes little snoozers during the day just to stay awake.


He looks tired, but he's out there. He's all over the place. He was down in St. Lucie County. Florida's a big state folks, it's huge. It's not really wide, but it's really long. You can drive nine hours from the keys and still not be out of the darn state sometimes. I remember, welcome to Florida when I moved here and about seven hours later I was at my house. That's how long it is. He's all over the place. He's all over the place. He nuked Kamala Harris yesterday and I wanna show you some other stuff too. That happened yesterday. Martha McCallum at Fox did a good job. I mean I. I. Listen, when it's done right the right way, it's done the right way.


But you're free to attack me for whatever you like. But that yesterday, that interview was an abomination and should be embarrassed.


Folks. Helix is offering 20% off all mattress orders. To our listeners, it's a great deal to motivate you to take action and improve your sleep. As You know, I just moved over into another house. We've been putting it together for a while and everyone got a Helix mattress. It was really incredible. I sleep on 'em. I've slept on one for 10 years. I have the midnight luxe. I love it. We work hard and play hard. You gotta get sleep at night folks. You gotta feel rested and refreshed. If you don't sleep well, all your other life hacks frankly don't even matter. You're gonna feel terrible. Anytime you can personalize a mattress to fit your needs, do it well. I've got an option for you, Helix. I just told you. The Helix team learns about your sleep patterns and they recommend the right mattress for you so you get the perfect match from the position you sleep in. I'm a side sleeper To the body type or your unique needs Helix will recommend the right mattress for you. Here's the website. This is a good sponsor folks. They've been with us a long time and it's a really great product. I promise you go to Helix sleep.com/dan. It's H-E-L-I-X. As I said, they're offering 20% off all mattress orders for my listeners, that's Helix sleep.com/dan HEIX Helix sleep.com/dan, please check 'em out.


Been with us a long time in our last sponsor today. Before we get back to the show, is Omaha Steaks. This may be Gee's favorite company. Gee has made a habit out of stealing all of the Omaha Steaks outta my freezer downstairs because he's obsessed with the burgers. He loves the burgers. Why does he love the burgers? Because they're amazing. It is meat from master butchers and the finest grain finished beef, extra age flash frozen at peak flavor delivered right to you, by the way. Thank you Omaha Steaks for getting us through the storm. We did not have a lot of food beforehand. I'm gonna be honest with you. We, we waited a little too long. Luckily we had a freezer full of Omaha Steaks. The food is delicious. Get 50% off Sitewide during their semi-annual sale at Omaha Steaks dot com. Minimum purchase may apply. Go to Omaha Steaks dot com for details. Our listeners get an extra $30 off, extra $30 off the code Bonino. It's a huge discount. We just stocked up yet again because the food is amazing. We subsisted on Omaha Steaks, so we were eating pretty good. Omaha Steaks gives you legendary steaks delivered right to your door, grass fed, grain finished beef hand selected for superior marbling and taste perfectly aged for tenderness. Hand cut by master butchers. Bring home the world's best steak experience with Omaha Steaks or great sponsor even with us a while. Visit Omaha Steaks dot com for 50% off Sitewide during their semi-annual sale. And for an extra $30 off Use code bonino minimum purchase for apply. Visit Omaha Steaks dot com for details. Thanks Omaha Steaks.


Back to the show folks. The October surprises keep coming in. And for the first time in 2, 3, 4, 5 election cycles, they are all battering the left mi, middle East inflation numbers. The storm response, the job numbers, the port strike gas prices now ticking up. This has been a disaster and contrast the response from the dreadful, absolutely failed Democrat, governor of North Carolina, Rory Cooper at just a horrible, awful, one of the worst governors in the country to what happened in Western North Carolina. His total lack of preparedness with Governor Ron DeSantis down here where we had 3 million people out of power and linemen.


Heroes. Heroes. Thank you. Linemen and women out there. Thank you. Thank you. I'd give you a pound of my heart, but my elbows don't work. Thank you. We're already back and running in most of the state and now it's just gonna be recovery. Here's DeSantis, Nuan, Kamala Harris. And what he says here is a hundred percent correct. Check this out. There was some praise that came your way from President Biden and said that, that they had spoken, you had spoken, then there was this bruhaha over Vice President Harris apparently reaching out to you or and maybe and not taking the call and this whole thing, accusations that this had all become politicized.


Can you just speak to what happened there? I am working with the president of the United States. I'm working with the director of fema, marshaling all my state assets. We've been doing this now nonstop for over two weeks between Helene and this. And so if there's anything I can leverage to benefit my people, I'm gonna do it. The fact of the matter is they put out a story saying I didn't take I, didn't even know she was trying to reach me. But she has no role in this process. And I've been dealing with these storms in Florida under both Trump and Biden. Neither of them ever politicized it. And in fact, all the storms I've dealt with under this administration, although I've worked well with the president, she has never called in Florida.


She has never offered any support. So what she's doing is she's trying to inject herself into this because of her political campaign. And he's being nice here too because he knows he needs to take care of his state. Biden sucks. Biden's response to this has been dreadful. Okay, what is Biden and Kamala Harris keep doing again? He's a governor. He's gotta a lead. He's gotta get stuff done. DeSantis has been amazing. These two idiots in the White House have spent now a week complaining and whining and bitching and moaning and pissing in their diapers over what?


Misinformation. What's the misinformation that that a mayorca was shopping for High-end men's wear while these storms were going. We've got the picture. What's the misinformation that Kamala Harris was at a Hollywood fundraiser as people were drowning. We, there's pictures of her there. What's the misinformation? Biden was on the beach for two days as these things made landfall. There's pictures. They have been bitching about misinformation and they cannot cite a single example I have put up for you. You guys have that montage of FEMA headlines. How many times do I have to put this up? These are FEMA press releases about spending your federal emergency management money on illegals.


How many times we gotta put this freaking headline up. Are you telling me your own headlines and press releases from the left are misinformation this? These are their headlines. They were bragging about pissing away your money. What are we 11 days into the fiscal year? FEMA's outta money in a $7 trillion government and they're citing misinformation. I want you to Watch this pathetic exchange between, this is MJ Lee and at the in the press room and our FEMA director, Deanna Criswell should be fired tomorrow. Fired tomorrow. They've been focused on DEI and illegals rather than federal freaking emergencies sets up.


Here's the question from the hack media. Oh my gosh. Misinformation. There's no misinformation. Misinformation is code word for truth. I want you to watch Deanna Cris Well's response. I want you to note she never cites a single example in her answer of an actual piece of misinformation because everything I told you is true and we backed it up. Listen to this, The White House been talking a lot about the threat of misinformation, disinformation as it relates to storm recovery efforts. Can you talk to us about whether there's one piece of incorrect information that you think, in your view has been most damaging that you think would be most important to clarify?


Well, honestly, I think all of it is damaging to our ability to be able to reach people. It's intentional to create distrust. And that level of distrust is, as the President said earlier today, un-American. And what we need to do is make sure people can get the assistance that they need and they deserve. And so I want people to be able to come to us, register for assistance so we can help them on their road to recovery. Nothing she said there was misinformation. Nothing Did you notice? They never point to anything specific. You got cavuto yesterday again, Donald Trump said some Republicans are not gonna getting help.


No. What Donald Trump was saying is that some of these areas in North Carolina and Tennessee are Republican areas which didn't get adequate help. Which is correct because the money was spent. Neil, did you miss this? How come you didn't ask about this fema 380 million for illegals. These are FEMA. Press releases. FEMA 77 million for illegals. DHS, 12 million for illegals. fema, 110 million for illegals. Folks, pause the screen if you're watching video on demand and Google in your left wing lunatics so you can't accuse us of right wing bias. Google these press release, you could see 'em yourself.


340 million for illegals. DHS, 300 million for illegals. Politico, 104 million from FEMA for illegals. It's your money. There's only one pot of money. The taxpayers. Tell me again, what part is the freaking misinformation? MJ Lee and Deanna Criswell. Why is everybody giving them a pass on this? Listen, Fox has a wide array of talent. And I'm gonna tell you something. When I worked there, they never told me what to say and watch 'em or don't watch 'em. It's not my business. I'm just telling you they've got a wide range of people.


They call 'em the talent, whatever. It's kind of a silly word, but you get it. They've got a wide array. Some of 'em did a really good job. Jesse's been absolutely all over this secret service thing. I mean there's no one else. And, and and Hannity too. Martha McCallum did a good job here. Martha McCallum. I want you to see how these FEMA talking points, they're absolutely full of shit on the money. And when Martha McCallum even a mild amount of scrutiny to Deanna Criswell, the FEMA director, Hey man, how come you got all this money and all these people aren't showing up for work and your budget's like double it. What the hell you do with the money? I want you to watch Deanna Criswell fold like a cheap suit. She doesn't give a single substantive bullet point here as to how she pissed away all this money.


Check this out. I'm not saying that this is going to be easy, Martha, but we've done this before. You know we've managed multiple incidents at once, like in 2017 with Harvey, Irma and Maria. We know how to do this. We plan for this, we're ready for this and we are gonna make sure we meet everybody's. Yeah, Let me ask you one question about that because I I looked at the budget, the FEMA budget, which has steadily risen every year. And now we're hearing that You know that you have enough money for right now, but that you might have to go back to Congress December, January. So even from 2021 to 2025, you have 7 billion more dollars at your disposal.


So why, what's going on I mean? Why is that not enough money that that that's in your budget when it goes up every single year? Well if you look at 2021 Martha, the biggest piece of that is the amount that we were providing to support COVID. 19. We had a major disaster declaration in every state, every territory in five tribes. But let's, but compare it to 2017, the the year that you mentioned, okay, which is the biggest hurricane year that we've had in a long time. So now there's so much more funding in 2024 than there was in 2017. So why is that still not enough to get the job done? She has no answer.


The folks. I would've played the rest. But the answer you guys probably heard the whole clip is another two minutes of bullshit. COVID-19 COVID-19 was like 20, 20, 20 21. The government steals 7 trillion of your dollars every year. Trillion. Do you have any idea how much money that is? They can't figure out how to manage an emergency. Still folks, those press releases are real. They pissed all your money away. I don't know why some of these entities are afraid to bring it up. It's their press releases. No one's even disputing the authenticity of it.


Listen to me man. Hold on a second. Lemme think I'm in a mood today. 'cause we had people die here in our county. People got really hurt. People's communities got wiped out. There's a Palm Beach Gardens community in this little HOA area. You gotta see this place. There were trucks on roofs. We got hit hard over here hard. We did not get hit hard by the hurricane. We got hit by the tornadoes from the hurricane. And I am really getting tired of the bullshit. It's climate change. It's not climate change. Fuck sticks. Pardon my language. We went 10 years down here without a freaking hurricane assholes.


I live here. Most of you out there, liberal morons, don't you live in New York and California and Illinois and you don't know jack fucking shit about hurricanes. So pardon me, but shut the fuck up. We went 10 years here without a hurricane. Was that climate change too? We got hit. It's Florida. The University of Miami's nickname is the hurricanes. Look, this is my community. You have more. This is, this is, this is what happened. So spare me the dumbass lectures about how Biden was only sunning his balls on the beach. 'cause he was on the phone and oh, Kamala Harris has been deeply involved even though she didn't even know how to answer a freaking question.


My Yorkies is shopping for high-end men's wear. And then we've got liars and bullshit artists again. We got Cavuto running cover with Buttigieg and then you got freaking Tarloff on the five again, the queen of bullshit. This woman has had to correct herself on the air because almost everything she tells you is a left wing bullshit talking point. And I'm really stunned. It is time for the host. Really. That's, you gotta hit back. She makes stuff up all the time. Here's a perfect example of what I mean. The hurricane response was shit. And you got Tarloff saying, Hey man, listen, at least the government worked hard with Elon to get starlink up.


Oh really? Again, 10 seconds of research would show you what she's saying here. Like pretty much everything she says is total bullshit. Listen, first Elon Musk to to set up starlink so that they could get some cell coverage on their phone to be able to apply for the seven 50 I. mean if it weren't for all of these private entities, I mean the government just wasn't there in the beginning and they're playing catch up now. Well, let's be clear. The government was the one that got the first 40 starlink satellites to get to North Carolina. When Helene struck, that was the US government. The government was on top of that. Now, to say that what Joe Biden was doing was nakedly political removes the context of this, which is that the president of the United States of America is worried that people are listening to folks like Donald Trump, like LA Trump.


This is hilarious. Again, she claims to be worried about misinformation. As she tells you, the government was working with Elon to get starlink up and it did some amazing thing. Ladies and gentlemen, this took all of 10 seconds for me to debunk. She is full of shit. Almost nothing. She tells you on that network is true. At least Harold has some dignity here. I'm gonna read this to you man. And I'm sorry, don't go anywhere. I'm gonna read this to you. Here's what really happened with Starling Wall Street Journal. No big Trump supporters folks. Elon Musk rides to Biden's Hurricane Rescue.


Do You know the FCC withdrew a grant for starlink to cover rural areas, but the satellite service from Elon is now saving those in the counties. Now, well keep this up. She wants you to believe somehow Joe Biden did this. Well, Joe Biden wouldn't have had to do it, wouldn't have had to do it if they wouldn't have canceled the starlink contract. Elon said starlink will provide temporary free satellite service in the affected hurricane areas. He's doing so even though the FCC Yes under Biden last December pulled an $885 million grant for starlink to furnish high speed internet to 640,000 rural homes and businesses, including, including read up, Jessica, read up, including the very counties where FEMA is now deploying starlink.


Read up, Jess, read up. Have some dignity. Wait, wait, don't go anywhere. As the Wall Street Journal wrote at the time, the FCC awarded starlink the grant in 2020. 'cause it can cover remote regions at a lower cost than traditional broadband. But the fccs Democrat majority revoked star link's funding last year claiming it wasn't making fast enough progress to connect rural Americans. Nevermind the other FCC funding. Recipient recipients weren't doing any better. Folks select the motherfuck at supermarket. Man. We bring receipts every time. Okay? You always get a receipt.


Jess don't know that. Or maybe she does and she's just lying. I don't know. Dopey or lying. Dopey and lying I don't know nothing these people tell you is true nothing. Now, as a member of the Bonino Army, you can rest assured, you will always be armed with the facts here. You understand? You can go and look up that FCC starlink trauma, which I've been following since 2020. That's why it took me 10 seconds to debunk that. And she's lucky I wasn't on the five. 'cause I would've made a fool out of her. I would've pulled that article up on my phone right there and she would've had to correct herself yet again, everything they tell you is a lie.


Everything. Oh, this was the, was this a CNN clip? What I, this is, can I stop for a sec? I said to these guys, I do a voicemail prep 'cause I don't wanna bother 'em during the day and write the voicemail was funny, right? I'm writing in my own way. Here's how I write the show. I. I write it. I don't, I don't want type it I like to write it. There's something to writing. Whatever You know the deal kind of makes me memorize stuff more. And I don't want You know I don't use the teleprompter. Well, for content, I just use it for You know to read verbatim quotes, right? So yesterday I'm leaving him the voicemail. I had just written out the show and I forgot the clip. So we're gonna play this next clip. But here's how I wrote it down. And I'm gonna tell you something. I can see something on the screen, but I'm gonna be candid with you.


I have no idea what this clip says. All I know is I wrote this and this is why the Harris campaign is panicking. That's pretty much it though. That's why, and I'm telling 'em what, what'd I say in a voicemail? I'm like, guys, I forgot the clip. But based on the order, they said they figured it out. So let's see. This is, we're both seeing this for the first time. Check this out. We have some new CNN reporting today about what is going on behind the scenes inside the Harris campaign. And more broadly among Democrats who are growing more and more anxious about a 2016 redux. CNN's Priscilla Alvarez joins me now, Priscilla, we were just joking here at the table that anxious Democrats happen on a day that ends in Y But this is, this is something that perhaps is, is warranted given the data that they're seeing.


Explain your great reporting. Yeah, look, that's exactly right, Danna. And this has been a campaign that was described by multiple Democrats, allies, aides to the vice President is a good vibes campaign. But what's also creeping in now is that anxiety. The reason for that is because these polls are not really moving. Now I remember why I called it Kamala panicking. He said hilariously listened to the voicemail and he had already titled it before the voicemail. Kamala panicking. So he knew Folks, the Good vibes campaign, good vibes is falling apart. They are eerily. This is eerily the heck clip goes on to say Democrats feel like this is 2016 all over again.


I'm gonna make the case to you right now. No red wave talk period. However, let's be realistic. I'm gonna make the case to you right now that it could be worse if, if you show up, execute and bring 10 people, absolutely no excuses, folks, this could be a, could be a really bad night for the Democrats. You don't show up. Could be a really bad night for us. They are in real trouble. I'm, I'm, I'm running outta time, but I'm, I'm I got more stuff, so just bear with me for, I'm gonna make, take this a little bit. I can I, I gotta get off at 12. That's the problem with the radio show. I can take this all day. I'm in a mood today.


You cannot run a campaign of joy and good vibes bringing the show full circle with an inflation crisis, raging jobs, numbers lower than expected. The Middle East at war, the Middle East, no one listening to you in the Middle East and everybody knows it. A storm response while you're on the beach and at a fundraiser and shopping for men's wear. How the hell do you run a good vibes campaign? Ladies and gentlemen, no one wants to hear your bullshit about good vibes. They don't feel good. It's not like Reagan in 84. It's morning in America where people have lived through the dreadful late seventies and early eighties.


Even the first few years of the Reagan administration were not great, but things were turning around. They felt good. Nobody feels good. They feel like Kam LAIs is kicking them in the balls. Now my friend Daro Imro put this tweet out. I want you folks, if these numbers are accurate, she is going to get destroyed. Dario's a good guy. Read this tweet. He says, Marist and the Washington Post, these are not right wing outlets, re wing outlets, release polls of Ohio. They said, no. Shocker Trump's leading there, but he notes his black vote. Numbers are something he's never seen in this state. At the presidential level. Marist has him winning 18% of the black vote.


Washington Post has him at 24. He notes, I told you before that Ohio has the most Republican friendly black vote in the country, but it's rarely seen at the presidential level. Bush won 16%. It's not really common, but he says the fact that Trump is pulling this high, this late amongst black voters should be a five alarm fire for the Democrats. Yes sir. Yes, sir. How many times, I gotta tell you folks, if we win this thing, you'll thank me after election day, Pennsylvania and the black vote. There are a lot of things to worry about, a lot of things to be concerned about.


I'm telling you right now, if Donald Trump polls 15% of the black vote nationally, 18% in Ohio, 15% in Georgia, a black vote and then wins Pennsylvania, this thing is over. It's over. There is no math for the Cackler to win. And folks, she just can't compete with this man. She can't save herself. She cannot save herself. She's not relatable. She has to be fed questions. She is a horrible, low IQ person. She has no ability to save herself. She can't do this. I want you to watch Donald Trump on a podcast.


We're trying to reschedule our appearance with him, by the way. Just FYI. We'll let You know. This is the Joels podcast. It's a, it's, it's a comedy show, but this is Donald Trump just being him. Kamala Harris cannot do this when she's herself. People are repulsed. Check this out. I where they You know still. Yeah. Become ambitious and successful. So I do have good kids and five really wonderful children and different, very different. Yeah. They are so different. But You know one thing that was in common that I did, I always used to say when I was with them or when they were leaving a room, I would drive them crazy. No drugs. Hmm. No alcohol, no cigarettes.


I would say that. Did you say that to Don Jr. Yeah. Don's a little wild. He's a wild, yeah. He can be a little tough. He Told me a funny story. Go ahead. Okay. Because I I talked to a bunch of people. I was trying to You know, prepare for this interview, right. He told me a funny story and he said to me, he goes, once, he asked if he could have a couple of his friends over for New Year's. Was it New Year? No. No, it was July 4th. Right on top of Trump Tower. Right. Five. And you said Yes. He's like, I want five friends. You're like, okay, I'm outta town. Go for it. He brings 200 people over to Trump Tower. Okay. That's right. Okay. He says that you weren't supposed to be there. You end up showing up. You hear some noise upstairs.


You come up, you go, what the fuck is everybody doing here? Get the hell outta my house. He said he cleaned for the next 36 hours and he said, to this day, you have never brought up that it even happened. And he said, I'm starting to believe it might not have happened. He said, that's it happened. Can you give him Closure? No, it happened. No. I can never give closure. You can, You can never forget. Presented, ladies and gentlemen, without additional comment, Trump's the best weapon he's got for the Trump campaign. Kamala is the worst weapon.


She just can't do that. Keem wants me to play the dog video, but I wanna save this for Monday. It's not an unnecessary tease 'cause I'm running low on time. There's this crazy dog video on TMZA dog like turning into a human. I'm gonna, he wants to know what I have to say about this. 'cause it came in so early in a very unusual presentation of content. I'll play it for you on Monday. Hey, thanks for sticking with me this week with the hurricane schedule. We deeply appreciate it. Thanks for all your thoughts. We're okay. Just a bit of a cleanup over here. If you could do me a favor, please download the Rumble app. It is free. Watch my show on Rumble every day at 11:00 AM Watch it live. We love to hear you live, live, live. We're the biggest live stream in the world thanks to you. You can also watch online if you don't wanna download the app at Rumble dot com slash bonino and please this weekend, go to Apple and Spotify.


Look up the Dan, Bongino Show. Give us a follow there. It is free. We really appreciate it. Helps us move up the charts quick. See you in the radio show here on Rumble a little bit. And back here on Monday. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.