
As the lame duck, the president's dead set to fulfill his agenda before leaving office Translation, we might be in store for more money Printing and soaring inflation is gold. The answer to protect your savings in retirement, well, to find out, get a free info kit from Birch Gold Group by texting the word Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Don't let inflation wreck your IRA or 401k. Secure it with gold text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free info kit from Birch Gold Message and data rate supply.


Dan Bonino. Welcome to the Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino. Okay, I'm gonna repeat this again. I can already see some of it in the chat too, so I I can, I can already predict it. Someone's gonna be like, oh, come on Dan. We, we, we lost this. How, how, how do, how do you measure that? No. How do you measure it? If, if you, and if you sincerely believe that in my chat, I'm right here looking at it anyway, Lindsay, we got old big Suzanne Kaia, all you got. We love all you guys. And I know you guys are home team, but if anyone in the chat believes me lost, produce a receipt, show me your evidence. What do you mean? No, no.


CBS said he lost in CNN. Oh, okay. Disregarding political communist propaganda. A prop specialist. Who do you trust that actually told you no. My uncle Tony called and he's a Trump supporter and said he could have done better. Did your Uncle Tony change his vote? No, he didn't. Okay, so how did we lose Uncle Tony? We didn't. He's just upset at how the debate turned out. Okay. I'm upset about a lot of things. The fact that Trump had a debate, three people really pissed me off. It doesn't change my vote. You measure a win in a political race. By what? By freaking votes. Did someone change a vote? Do you know anyone last night who watched the debate?


Anyone who's a Trump supporter who changed their mind? Well, Dan, what about all the independents who haven't yet decided on Donald Trump? Folks, you really believe Kamala Harris changed their mind last night. Where are the snapshots and soundbites? Now I can tell you an email I got from a friend who got this from another friend who was really annoyed at all the Kamala Harris faces and the a Kamala's brat looks and the, let me pretend. I'm a deep thinker where she looks so phony and fake. I can tell you I've seen some of those. When I tell you campaigns are about pictures and sound bites, snapshots and soundbites.


Everybody always forgets the snapshots part. Do not fall in the trap. I just took this one screenshot. I was working out this morning, quick one. Did some back and some chest stuff this morning. Had to get up, jumped in the cold plunge, got ready to rock and roll. It took me all of 30 seconds to pull this picture up. All I did was take a screenshot. If you go to your phone, play any video of Kamala Harris and just keep hitting the screenshot button the buttons and looking through them. This is all you're gonna get. Folks. Do you realize she came off so obnoxious?


And think about it. Put yourself in America's shoes. This is why the betting markets didn't change today. Show me your evidence. Trump won. Oh, the betting markets flipped. Pollsters are freaking out. Even left wing pollsters are like, ah, she didn't really do much to move the needle. Well, if Trump's ahead and she does nothing to move the needle, then please freaking tell me how she won to debate. This is such a sucker's trap, man. I can't believe people are falling for this. She looked obnoxious the entire night. Imagine you're an American out there. You're getting ready to eat cat food because you can't afford a meal because of the Biden Harris economic regime that has put you under the story that came out yesterday.


An economic story. Real wages are down dramatically. They were higher in the Trump years. Usually, as time goes on, people get richer, not poorer. I'll cover the article on Friday. There's no podcast tomorrow. Radio show Avita will cover. 'cause I gotta travel back. I'm going to Tulsa today to do this show. Okay folks, real wages are down. It's four years later and you are poorer. You are sitting there getting ready to eat a bowl of cat food 'cause you can't afford food. And you got Kamala Harris going. You really believe the snapshots portion, man, I'll bet she's begging.


She could take that split screen back, do the test, go on there and just hit the screenshot button. You can delete the pictures later. Every millisecond. She's got some smug look on her face like she's done. You right. And you're too stupid to know it. She won. You know how many suckers fell for this? By the way, Trump lost his. He debated three liberals, three liberals when the topic of conversation the next day is how the Republican candidate for president had to debate three liberals who bullshitted the entire time. Here's a hint, folks, you didn't win Kamala.


Harris won nothing last night at at best. At best. It was a push. And that's bullshit. It wasn't a push. I'm telling you, Trump won. Now I addressed the snapshots. They were terrible. They were absolutely terrible. But ladies and gentlemen, didn't you notice something today? Sorry, need to blackout. Didn't you notice the media doesn't have that Obama Mitt Romney Russia call? They want their policy back moment. Why? Why is that? I thought she won. Where's the big soundbite? You'll see them occasionally throwing a few things around and peppering it, but all the moments they left wing media is telling you.


She quote one, you don't find it odd that these things haven't gone viral. Slay, queen, go brat. Why anyone in the chat know? Because the media's afraid to put the clips out there because she lied about every single one. She bullshitted people on every one of 'em, man. So the media's afraid to put 'em out there. 'cause they don't wanna get community noted on X and they don't wanna get fact checked by conservatives and they don't want people to go look it up. Come on man. I don't mean to sound like a dick here. I'm just telling you to the people out there convinced, I'm even seeing it with some conservatives.


Oh my gosh, drew Kamala last night saved their campaign. How? Based on what everything she told you was a lie. I want you to watch this clip from Fox and Friends this morning. Donald Trump calls in Fox and Friends. Here's exactly what I'm talking about. And let me say in advance, no serious Republican, I'm not talking about the National Review crowd and the dispatch. Those guys are, you know, communists and stuff. I'm not talking about them. I'm talking about serious Republicans who wanna save the country. No serious Republican should ever go on A, B, C. Again, you shouldn't After what they pulled last night, it should be an absolute boycott of A, B, C.


They wanna do communist stuff. Let them do communist stuff on earth. Here's Trump and Fox and friends addressing how Trump was debating essentially three people yesterday. Three, check this out. 100% of the stories covered on A, b, c about Kamala 100% of the time was positive. 93% of the time when they covered you, it was negative So. it was infuriating to watch them fact check you and not her. When she brought up IVF when she brought up project 2025 several times, and when she brought up Charlottesville, here are some of the lies that she said about you. Listen, A detailed and dangerous plan called Project 2025 that the former president intends on implementing couples who pray and, and, and, and dream of having a family are being denied IVF treatments.


If Donald Trump were to be reelected, he will sign a national abortion ban. And what did the president then at the time say? There were fine people on each side on that day, 140 law enforcement officers were injured and some died. Donald Trump, the candidate has said in this election there will be a bloodbath if this and the outcome of this election is not to his liking. And the blood bath, you were talking about the economy. It's a term that's used a lot when people are talking about a bad economy. That's what's your reaction to That's right. That's why didnt the moderators correct her? Because they're dishonest and because I think a b, C took a big hit last night. I mean, to be honest, they're a news organization.


They have to be licensed to do it. Hey, I'm sorry I forgot something and it's shame on me of all things. It is September 11th, folks, I have shame on me. Really when I make a mistake. I gotta tell you, all this stuff is important, but it's not as important as acknowledging all the lives lost that day. Civilians lost the firefighters police officers, EMS people who died later on from nine 11 related injuries. I I I'm just, I was fired up and that's on me.


I just thought of that. I'm like, what are you, what are you doing? September 11th in the holidays, the one day I don't tweet out my worst vice president and president of the United States. So that's on me. So I just want to take a moment to let you know that I was having been an agent that day and watching it from what happened outside of New York and then getting in there that night. It was, I can't believe that that's so I'm really sorry about that more in a minute.


But first, Jen Uel, ladies and gentlemen, here's Stephanie from Santa Cruz about Jen Uel. Listen, your skin matters. You gotta take care of it. Says I have skin damage from years in the sun. Love the product. It reduces the appearance of the various discolorations and leaves my skin looking younger. Great. Even at my age, Stephanie's raving about genus cell skin care's. Dark spot corrector a must have. Now after months of record, heat and time in the sun, sun spots, brown spots, discoloration, even red and flame patches can all disappear in front of your very eyes. The Genus Cell Skincare guarantee is amazing. You'll see results the very first day guaranteed or your money back. So take advantage of the Genus Cell's current most popular package, which includes the classic genus cell bags and puffing this treatment and Gen 90 for immediate results, all at about 70% off. So you can try the best skincare in the world for yourself, completely risk free. It's simple. Go to genus cell.com/dan today. Start looking years, even decades younger tomorrow. GENU c.com/dan. It has a special gift. Every package order includes a limited edition spa with two skincare essentials absolutely free with your subscription order right now, GENU c.com/dan jen uel.com/dan. Thanks Jen Uel, we're getting back to the show.


Okay, this content, folks, please do not buy this narrative that he won, that she won, she did not win. He was debating three liberals. Everything she said was a lie. I want you to understand campaigns are two things. I promise you, if you don't understand it, you are gonna lose. There is a reason the media in 2016 put headlines up. There's a Washington Post headline Trump's chances of winning are approaching zero. They did the same thing when Hillary debated. Trump cleaned his clock. Man, this guy's finished. He has no chance.


And I asked the same question back then. Go back and listen. How in fact do you measure a win? How do you measure a win? It's clear in sports you finish with more points than the other guy. Correct? Nobody cares about moral victories. Did you win the freaking game or not? If she won and scored more points, then why isn't it showing it up in the W column in the betting markets or anywhere else? The answer is she didn't. If you were undecided and leaning either way and you watch last night's debate, you're either still undecided or you're thinking to myself, wow, I really can't stand her. And my gosh, those two moderators, they were going after him like they were debating him.


Nothing she said was true. Folks, this soundbites were all bullshit to fine people. Hoax the bloodbath hoax Kamala him, implying she was at the capitol on January 6th. She was not at the Capitol on January 6th. She left at 1120 in the morning, the breach of the Capitol Capitol, two o'clock. She wasn't there. Why didn't they fact check any of that snapshots and soundbites, please? In the name of everything, that's good. Stop believing bullshit. I warned you about this yesterday.


Kamala Harris, all she had to do was show up, breathe and lie. And the communists at a b, C are gonna do everything they can to make sure Trump's running uphill while she's rolling a boulder downhill. And that's what happened. Why would anybody fall in this trap? You should be celebrating today. Everything we've heard from all the people who told us in the past, Trump's finish. Trump's finish has been wrong. Who's been right? Your boy Danny B. And by the way, thank you for a massive, massive, massive audience last night, 349,000 people.


My I, we were blown away. Our biggest audience ever with flames came out last night. But that's because you knew we were gonna give you honest coverage. I wanna play this clip as Senator Ted Cruz because he nails it too. The reason the media is not giving you the soundbite we get in every debate, every single debate, rest your code for their policy back because you'd be in jail. I'm not gonna comment on my opponent's age. Every debate has one. George W. George HW looking at his watch, every debate has the moment. Why haven't you seen it from Kamala Harris if she won so convincingly, Cruz nails it right here because every time she was given a question about her flip flops, are you better off than you were four years ago?


Every time she was asked a question about fracking, she never answered. She did one of two things, she lied about it, or two she just didn't answer. So nobody, these liberals who are claiming she kicked ass don't have a single moment they can point to of an actual ass kicking 'cause they're afraid people are gonna go Look it up. Here's Cruz on this, check this Out. Listen, I gotta say tonight what what Kamala demonstrated is, number one, she cannot defend her disastrous record. Her record is an absolute train wreck. So instead what she did, what we saw tonight in this quote debate was her repeating memorized set pieces from her stump speech and from her convention speech.


The very opening question, the most important question in any election, are you better off now than you were four years ago? She refused to answer that because she couldn't answer that because nobody, unless you are a Mexican drug, Lord, nobody else is better off than they were four years ago. That is probably the best analysis of, look at that. Thank you again. Look at damn Genome Show five, look at it. We beat the Wall Street Journal, Fox News, CNN. It's insane. M-S-N-B-C barely, barely eek out a win with billions of dollars in money in budget. We filmed this thing out of a tiny studio. I can't even tell you where it is. You'd be disappointed, folks. That's the best analysis of what happened.


I've heard yet outside of this show, present company excluded. I'm kidding. I'm not that much of an egomaniac. It's a joke. She either lied or didn't answer the question. Actually, I'm not kidding. I'm making up. That's what she did. Have you not asked yourself that? I'm, I'm still, I'm scrolling through the chat, going backwards in the chat. I'm reading. I love reading your comments and I'm still stunned how many people are here. Really believe no matter what I say, are somehow convinced that the C-B-S-A-B-C-C and N-M-S-N-B-C narrative that Kamala performed so well last night is real. Why would you think that? Do you understand? These are the same people just three weeks ago, guys, am I wrong?


Who told you Kamala was Obama part two? It was gonna be a blowout. The phenomenon was real. And then you realize the push poll stopped and that she didn't move a single bit. And people still think she sucks. I Why would you not trust me? I promise you, if I thought last night was a net negative, I would tell you I'm not here to kiss anybody's ass. You'll remember this. Show it at best. At best. It was a push, which is a win for Trump. This is why she wouldn't answer the questions. By the way, when asked simple questions about inflation, are you better off?


What about fracking? She knows she's a communist leftist on the economy. She knows it. She knows her. And Biden wrecked your wallet, wrecked the gas budget you have every month. She knows it. You think last night was a big win for her lefties. Explain this. Here's an undecided voter on CNN. I did this on purpose, not a Fox News panel. So if CNN's doing it, you could be sure it's probably an undecided voter leaning in the left direction. Listen to what this undecided voter have to say. Had to say and tell me again. This wasn't a win for Trump because it was take a look Actually going to make our country better.


And we're in an incredibly unique situation where we've had both of the candidates in office before and we've gotten to see what they would do. And when facts come to facts, my life was better when Trump was in office. The economy was higher, inflation was lower, things were better overall. And now with Kamala's administration, things haven't been so fantastic. And she's saying she can fix the problems that her administration has caused, but I just don't know if I can afford to take that risk. And you really believe someone who is terrified of more inflation, potential starvation, losing their job. You really believe Kamala Harris changed their mind last night because she had a Kamala as brat moment like this.


You really believe that? It's almost hilarious that people would fall for that trap. I'm not here to be cute, man. I'm here to tell you the truth. And in case you think that's just one single panel, it happened on another liberal network too. If it was such a huge win, how come the undecided voters on their network are like, yeah, I'm not so sure. You are strongly discounting the fact that American voters are not stupid. They know the ones that are gonna show up and are politically active. That Kamala Harris is the vice president. Now, while they're suffering, they know that. What do you think? They're dumb.


You think her doing this and this changed anyone and in lying about the fine people hoax the damn bond. Bongino Show. If you'd like to hear more, subscribe to the Dan Bongino Show. Wherever you get your podcast.