
With Trump in, I can finally take a breath. But one fact remains, our nation is deep in debt and that debt's a house of cards that can't quickly be dismantled. The strategy remains the same. Diversify your savings. That's why I buy gold. From Birch Gold, B-A-R-C-H, they'll help you convert an IRA of 401k into an IRA and physical gold. Now through Black Friday, get a free one out Silver Eagle for every $5,000 purchased. Help protect your savings with Birch Gold. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and claim your eligibility for free silver today.


Dan Bonino. Welcome to The Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino. Folks. They're freaking out. Nothing's working anymore. This is why I tell you. Gas pedal down bro. Gas pedal down red line at RPM meter. Straight ahead. Push tulsi through. Push RFK through this transition. Team's been doing a great job and definitely get headset through. Get them through and let your Republican senators know we're watching folks. We are watching. You want donations, you want volunteers. You want us to vote for you? You want a primary? We are watching. These are qualified candidates. Trump earned the right to pick his transition team.


These people aren't criminals. These people aren't serial murderers. Trump sees something in him and he has a vision of where he wants to bring government. The American people voted for it. He won the popular vote. Every swing state, it's time to get these people through. Now, the good news for all the senators on the fence, I, don't know if I'm gonna vote for these nominees or not. Okay? Well we voted for you. It's a representative democracy to represent what we want. And this is what we want. We approve of the Trump transition. How do I know that? 'cause even CNN was forced to recognize the fact that the transition from the transition team from Biden to Trump that's happening right now is going just swimmingly. Even CNN, how to acknowledge it.


Fake news Network. Check this out. Take a look here. President Trump's transition net approval. You go back to November of 2016. Look at this. It was just a plus. One point, just a plus. One point that is well, well, well below the historical norm. Look at where we are today. Significantly higher plus 18 points at 17 points higher on the presidential transition net approval rating. The bottom line is this, if eight years ago Americans were lukewarm on Donald Trump at this particular point, they're giving him much more the benefit of the doubt. A lot more Americans are in love with this transition. This much more meets the historical norms where normally presidents get that boost coming outta their victory. And what we're seeing here is Donald Trump's presidential transition is getting a thumbs up.


And dare I say, two thumbs up from the American people. Thank you. By the way, everyone post on the Twitter I just checked again. I really appreciate it. This army's growing by the day Thanksgiving week, 140,000. We're not even halfway through the show yet. Listen, will, we've been ahead of this from the start. If the transition was so unpopular, then why isn't the transition so unpopular? The Moneyball rule, right? If he's a good hitter, why doesn't he hit good? The transition is popular because everything the media is telling you about the nominees is bull. Everything. Everything. And nobody believes you idiots. That's why Jim there. Hey Vander. Hey. Hi. Oh, whatever. That's why he's flipping out.


He's screaming into the abyss. Yeah, the show's on fire because I'm sick of assholes in the media. They scream into the abyss every time people used to listen. Nobody's listening. And, I are pissed off. 'cause no one's listening. More in a


minute. But first folks, check this company out. I just got a bunch of samples. And I gotta tell you, I'm really impressed. You gotta sleep in comfort, right? Cozy Earth. The ultimate Christmas gift is luxurious sleep. You hear me talk about it all the time. With sheets and jammies from Cozy Earth, you and everyone will sleep in luxury in your household. Cozy Earth uses only the best fabrics and textiles to enhance that cozy earth's bamboo sheet set. Absolutely love it. With their bamboo pajama set. Cozy Earth's goal is to help you create a sanctuary in your house. With cozy Earth, you could transform your space into an elevated haven where serenity and renewal intertwine effortlessly. Cozy Earth sheets are so breathable, you'll sleep several degrees cooler. It's important for me and are made with adorable weave fabric that won't pill guaranteed. For 10 years, cozy Earth prides itself on the responsible production of its products. Cozy earth bedding and Bed Bath products. Have a 10 year warranty. Cozy Earth believes in them. Wrap the ones you love in luxury with Cozy Earth. Visit cozy earth.com/bonino. Use my exclusive 40% off code bonino to give the gift of luxury this holiday season. You're gonna love it. Super comfortable. That's cozy earth.com/bonino. If you get a post-purchase survey, just say you heard about Cozy Earth from The Dan Bongino Show podcast, check 'em out. The sheets are just ridiculously comfortable. Thank you cozy Earth


folks. Glenn Greenwald is another Rumble creator, Glenn Greenwald. We don't share a lot of political positions, but one thing I have always absolutely respected about Glenn is he's an actual journalist. He follows the facts. He's been way ahead of a lot of stories when some, you know, liberal reporters have pushed him in a different direction and he is an absolute diehard advocate for free speech and against censorship, die hard. And we should welcome those people. We don't have to agree with people on everything. We don't taxes social welfare policies. We don't. I mean, it's a constitutional republic, but there should be an overlapping of those circles. And in the middle should be a love for America and a love for constitutional rights.


Glenn has that. Here is Glenn, in one of the single best minutes you're gonna hear diagnosing the problem they're gonna have going forward. These M-S-N-B-C and fake news people, as the extinction burst continues, folks, they really pissed. C-N-N-M-S-N-B-C, the New York Times and the Washington Post, that all the fake narratives have gone into the abyss. Like this is Sparta kicking a guy down. That's where they're going. Nobody's listening anymore. And the thing is there, it's never ever going to get better. I'm telling you, smile on Thanksgiving week. The best day the liberal media had was yesterday. And the best day they had before that was the day before. It will never, ever get any better for them.


It is over. We have won. And now it's time to make the win. Hit the gas pedal and win by 18 horse lengths. Freaking sea biscuit style. Watch Glenn Greenwald explain the death of the modern left wing commie media. Check this out. Trump is back in power. And one of the things that has happened amazingly since the, since Kama Loss, is that the M-S-N-B-C audience, which is already tiny, has basically completely disappeared. Like the number of people watching those shows when they're live in prime time with that big, gigantic corporate power behind them promoting it. It's, it's less than a lot of like YouTube shows. Oh, including like, oh wait, wait, yeah. Including like I don't mean like the cumulative audience of how many people watch YouTube or YouTube video.


At the end of the day, I just mean live watching a Dan. Bongino Show has, I think on Rumble has like five or six or seven times more. Oh for sure viewers than MSNBC's. Prime time. This is on Rumble, you know, which a lot of people don't even know about. Don't even watch that audience is gone in part Because. They feel disillusioned that the people they trusted who told them Trump was going to prison, the whole Trump family was going to prison. Trump could never win. He was gonna be in jail before the election. All the women were gonna rise up and vote for Kamala out of anger toward Trump. None of that happened. And they're like, I've been watching this show every day for nothing. It was, I was like, none of it happened.


None of it was true. And that audience is gone half out of disillusionment anger, but half out of just like kind of checking out through impotence and helplessness. I wait to time out. It's the time timeouts of the show. It is a freaking basketball game. Congrats Auburn Tigers last night, by the way, beaten to Iowa State. Janai Broome tipping it in at the end. Nice. I'm embarrassed. I gotta call a to maybe a 22nd. I swear to you, on my life, on every single thing that matters to me, strike me dead if I'm lying. I did not when I cut that clip, hear my name in there.


I'm, I'm not kidding. No, Dan, it's humble. It is not. I swear to you, I'm listening to that. I'm going I shit he talking about me in there too. I was so obsessed with the end to that, that I did not even hear myself when I cut that clip. Thank you Glenn, for the compliment. I'm now, I feel embarrassed. I feel like I'm putting it out there for me. I promise you, I promise you on my integrity. I did not hear that. It was the end of it that I love. 'cause I've been telling you this forever. Once you realize you've been lied to, not once or twice, but repeatedly. The peepee hoax, the Spygate scandal you were told was fake, but it's real. The Hunter Biden laptop, the Mike Flynn attack by Joy.


you know, joy Behar and others. Remember that once you've been lied to over and over, how do you go back? I've been bringing this point up so often that I'm glad I know Glen's been on this forever. Like at what point do you say to yourself, I just wanna hear the truth because think about this, think about this. If this doesn't make sense, guys tell me it doesn't make sense. You gotta be the audience ombudsman. I get that. The lies feel good. Donald Trump is a Putin asset. If you're a crazy antit Trumper, right? But there's a real material loss for you that you've been lied to. Hey man, we gotta lock this guy up.


He's a fraudster and then you weaponize government against him and he wins and you lose everything. At some point you wanna be told the truth, right? Does that make sense? Like you wanna be prepared to not lose, even if the facts are uncomfortable, that reckoning iss gonna happen soon. Here's Tucker Carlson. He's on Clayton Morris's podcast talking about exactly the point Greenwall brought up, that their days are over. The hegemonic monopolistic rule of the American psyche and zeitgeist of the day is over Venita la Man, the song is over. Check this out. If there's a lesson of what happened to television and newspapers and, and you know, legacy media, it, they died Because, they were corrupt.


I mean the business models changed, et cetera, et cetera. There are ways to you can, they won't evolve. Like the people who work at NBC News will not have creators in journalism 10 years from now. And the reason they won't is not because of technology, it's Because. they have no credibility because they're corrupt. They're they're liars. So that's really the lesson. Corruption kills you, especially in a business predicated on trust, which is the media. I get it, I get it. Was comfortable to believe this stuff because everybody wants the be noir. you know, everybody wants that. That beast that caused all their problems. Oh, it wasn't me. It wasn't me or my failures. It was the patriarchy. It was white privilege.


Everybody who falls victim to their own shortcomings, everyone, good people, bad people and different people, right? They want something or someone to blame. It's hard to look in the mirror and say, I didn't get it done because I didn't get it done. That's hard folks. That's why liberalism is such an easy cop out. The problem liberals are having now, the police did it to you. The white man did it to you. The patriarchy did it to you. The problem they're having now is this woke bullshit is now costing them. It has a real material impact.


They're losing their power, they're losing their jobs. You see this story about the DNC today in Fox, these staffers are all crying 'cause they didn't get severance pay. What the hell did you think was gonna happen? They're like, we want $25,000 checks. You lost, you got severed by the voters. They told you to beat it. There's, this is having a real material cost. And now liberals are starting to wake up and go believing that bullshit and voting on it was a real mistake. We got robbed, we got mugged. Look at his daily wire story. We always bring receipts. Post-election fallout for George Soros back, prosecutors, George George Gascon from Los Angeles lost by over 600,000 votes to Nathan Hockman.


Gascon was a Soros guy. So you see what I'm getting at? Because you believed Geraldo and others and left wing media goofballs like Rachel Maddow and Al Sharpton, that the police were hunting black men in the streets. A total bullshit narrative completely made up by the left. You voted for George Soros back. Liberal prosecutors. What did they do? They let bad guys outta jail. That preyed on you. Preyed on you. Killed people, raped people, murdered people. And now you're like, you know what? There was a real material cost for me believing that bs. That's why you're seeing the shift.


Oh look, M-S-N-B-C your head now, they're worried about the future. Maybe you shouldn't have lied to people and your staffers wouldn't be worried about the freaking jobs. Folks, everything we've told you on this show, everything of substance from Spygate to collusion to the laptop, everything we've told you on this show has turned out to be true. And if you doubt any of it and you believe again, the Twitter deep state crowd, just go do your homework about who was right and who was wrong. And you'll see why the deep staters in the liberal media hate us. We also told you from the start that the law fair against President Trump was going to backfire.


Go watch the shows, man. The receipts are everywhere. Go back and watch past Joe's watched a couple days after he was mug shotted and dragged through court. We said, this is gonna blow up. If the New York Times crowd just would've listened to us, you may have fared better in the election. Here's the New York Times, just the other day. Now finally acknowledge that, that the more uncomfortable truth is that quote, our search for political salvation through the law has backfired. No I told you it was gonna backfire. You remember the shows, folks in the chat? Do you remember you P ones out there, loyal Dan Bonino Army members love you guys.


Do you remember me saying exactly these words that there are a lot of people out there who quote, have been aggrieved by government and feel like they, they've been screwed over. Their businesses were attacked by regulators and county commissioners. The IRS is auditing them for some BS tax bill from five years ago. They feel like the government gave them the double barrel middle finger. So now what happens? The government goes after Donald Trump and these people at home were saying, what? Samuel Moines from the New York Times, if you just would've listened to your boy Danny Bo Bots here, you wouldn't be writing this stupid ass article.


They see Donald Trump get arrested for at best, at best a political crime. At best. There was nothing there. And they're thinking, my gosh, a billionaire, former president's a victim of the same system I am. They tried to make a race thing out of it. It wasn't a race thing. Yes, there were black men and Hispanic men and Hispanic women and Asian women and Asian men who feel aggrieved. But it wasn't a black thing or a Hispanic thing. It was a people getting fucked over thing. Pardon my language, too stupid to understand it. You New York Times morons.


This show has been way ahead of it. If you idiots would've listened to us, you wouldn't find yourself now up the creek without a paddle. You guys not remember how many shows we did on that. There are people out there who've been screwed over by the same system. You were too stupid to get your head cranial recto outta your colon and see it. You were lied to the whole time about everything. If you're a lefty, if you're an anti-Trump lunatic, you were lied to. I tried to warn you. The Dan Bongino Show. If you'd like to hear more, subscribe to The Dan Bongino Show, wherever you get your podcast.