
Increased tariffs on our trade partners. Tax cuts and regulation changes, lot of changes come in. Learn why gold is a viable diversification tactic. Now more than ever, Birch Gold is releasing its ultimate guide for gold in the Trump era with a forward by Donald Trump Jr. Text my name Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free copy. The Ultimate Guide for Gold in the Trump era. There's no obligation, only information. Text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. Message and data rate supply.


Dan Bonino, Welcome to The Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino. The development of artificial intelligence is going to change everything. Everything. I dunno if you've seen X Twitter today, but there's all these stories out there now about as this Google program or Google computer that figured out in what seconds or minutes, what would've taken a quintillion years or whatever, and talking about parallel universes. It's a long story. The point is between quantum computing, which we're on the cusp of something really special with an ai, I'm telling you that we're looking at a revolution similar to what happened with the industrial revolution and electricity.


I'm not telling you, however, it is all going to be good a technology smarter than us. I've been very concerned about this for a long time because if it's smarter than us, we don't understand what it's doing. I gave you the example all the time about my dog in the backyard. A bird died in the backyard one time, right? The dog's been in the backyard a thousand times. One day the dog goes into this area. She always goes, I see the dead bird. I start screaming at her 'cause she wants to go sniff or chew on the dead bird. Lucy, the dog doesn't understand. She's been in that spot a thousand times. She's just like, wow, my owner's really mean. He's yelling at me. That's us with ai. You are never going to understand why they're yelling at you to stay out of the backyard because it's smarter than us.


The problem with AI is that liberals have a full court press going on right now to make sure they control AI Folks in the chat, what are they afraid AI's gonna do? Come on. You gotta know they are afraid. AI is going to finally tell you the truth. I always go the wrong way. Everything's backwards. Flag it. They are terrified. I'll just put, I didn't even tend to go. This U-A-P-U-F-O story quality good AI two, three years from now, probably tell you in about a quarter of a millisecond what the hell's going on in New Jersey.


They don't want you to know this. The government is terrified. Look at a chat blowing up right out. The government is terrified that you're gonna ask ai, Hey, do the rich pay their fair share of taxes and it's gonna come back and go? Not only do they pay their fair share, the richest 1%, pay 40% of the taxes, they're afraid. You're gonna ask ai, are police officers killing thousands of unarmed black men in the street? No. That is false. They the entire liberal media bullshit. Russian propaganda, P hoax, hunter Biden laptop falls apart tomorrow if AI fully develops itself and starts telling people the truth.


Listen to me, man. If there is one takeaway from this show over the last five years, this is it. This is the battle going forward. The entity that controls ai, government, liberals, commies, is gonna rule the world. Period. What's that old expression? You know, science is indistinguishable for magic. For those basically who aren't in the know. Can you imagine what it looked like to primitive societies when the Spanish and others came and these majestic boats over to the Americas? It must have looked like a floating castle. I had no idea. They must have looked like Gods. This is what the problem with AI is more in a minute, but first,


increased tariffs on our trade partners. Tax cuts and regulation changes. A lot of change coming. Learn why gold is a viable diversification tactic now more than ever, Birch gold, the only gold company I trust is releasing its ultimate guide for gold in the Trump era with a forward by Donald Trump Jr. To get your free copy along with Birch Gold's free information kit on gold text my name Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. Here's the facts that actual debt continues to increase our interest payments on the national debt continue to increase. Gold is still one of your best hedges against the weakened dollar, and Birch Gold is still the company I trust to help you convert an existing IRA of 401k into a tax sheltered IRA in gold. So text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free copy of the Ultimate Guide for Gold in the Trump era. It's no obligation, only information with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau and thousands of happy customers you can trust Birge Gold too. Text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply.


They're afraid AI is going to tell you the truth. There is a spectacular podcast with Barry Weiss and Mark Andreessen. Mark Andreessen is a decades long investor in technology. I believe he's got experience with Facebook internet technology. He goes way back. He did a viral clip on Joe Rogan's show, but he went on Barry Weiss's show and he was talking about exactly this, that liberals are freaking out over losing control over AI because the propaganda machine will be dead overnight. I'm gonna cover this again tomorrow because this is a really, really, really important story.


Check this out. We had Meetings in DC in May where we, we talked to them about this and the meetings were absolutely horrifying, and we came out basically deciding we had to endorse Trump and then Mark the Mark GI add so little color to absolutely horrifying. What, what, what, what did you hear in those Meetings? They said, look, ai, AI is one of these technology. AI is a technology basically that the government is gonna completely control. This is not gonna be a startup thing. They, they actually said flat out to us, don't start, don't do AI startups like, don't, don't fund AI startups. That's not something that we're gonna allow to happen. They're, they're not gonna be allowed to exist. There's no point. They basically said AI is gonna be a, a game of two or three big companies working closely with the government, and we're gonna basically wrap them in a, you know, they, I'm, I'm paraphrasing, but we're gonna basically wrap them in a government cocoon.


We're gonna protect them from competition, we're gonna control them, and we're, we're gonna dictate what they do. And then I said, well, I said, I don't understand how you're gonna lock this down so much because like the math for, you know, AI is like out there and it's being taught everywhere. And you know, they literally said, well, you know, during the Cold War, we, we classified entire areas of physics and took them out of the research community and, and, and, and, and like entire branches of physics basically went dark and didn't proceed. And that if we, if we decide we need to, we're gonna do the same thing to, to ma to the math underneath ai. Do you hear that segment? Andreessen's been in on these meetings where government officials are saying, don't even bother investing in ai.


We're basically gonna take it over. You understand why your boy doesn't lie to you. What is two thumbs and is always on the right side of the truth? This freaking guy I told you is, you know how many sources have been telling me this inside government, they are totally freaked out about ai. For every reason you can imagine it is gonna be the front layer, which I'll go into again tomorrow of everything from medicine to science. You are not going to be able to post online anywhere. If another covid like pandemic breaks out, you are not gonna be able to post anywhere that masks are bullshit because the AI filter in the front in a microsecond is going to be able to detect who you are, where you are, what you wrote, censor you, and possibly wipe out your account.


They won't even need human intervention. The reason the government wants to take over AI is they wanna make sure it is properly filtered to make sure the propaganda machine works. They wanna make sure in short, AI lies to you. You won't be able to research a scientific report without it being filtered through an AI filter. Nothing. The whole idea of knowledge is going to completely fall apart because there's not gonna be any independent research e everything is going to go through the filter of a liberal government run deep state ai. That's why they wanna control it Here.


I'll give you a quick example here, j just play this for me quick. This is Biden yesterday talking about he's leaving office. How wonderful the economy is, all this stuff. The only reason I play this clip is this is the kind of thing where if AI is honest and tells you the truth and is genuinely intelligent, a clip like this will have some kind of AI community note below it telling people how much bullshit this is about how wonderful the economy is. Biden can in the left can't have that bullshit is their agenda here, check this out. Next month, my administration will end and a new administration will begin. Most economists agree the new administration is gonna inherit a fairly strong economy, at least at the moment, an economy going through fundamental transformation that's laid out a stronger foundation and a sustainable, broad-based, highly productive growth and is my profound hope that the new administration will preserve and build on this progress.


You understand this is all gaslighting bullshit. Real wages are down. A lot of these jobs are in government business, government business funded by an inflationary death cycle. Many of these jobs went to foreign born workers. Those are actual facts. I'm not telling you the entire economy in the Biden years has been a disaster. We've had some, okay, GDP growth. I'm never gonna lie to you about that, but the Biden economy, when relative to other successful economies in the past is, is a joke, is a nightmare. Okay? This is the kind of stuff that if a proper AI filter's applied to it, they're just going to attach to it a bunch of facts and data, and you're gonna know this guy's bullshitting you. They wanna make sure this thing lies and keeps the lie going.


Here's one more I'm gonna play for you. Here's another one that would instantly fall apart. Who's the dumbest male member of Congress? Quick in the chat? Who knows? Yes. Dan Goldman not the dumbest member. That's a OC. You all know the chart. We've been watching drone footage forever of an invasion at our southern border. We know the numbers. We have said the border's not secure, that the border is under the control of cartels and others. People like lefties, like Dan Goldman and Joe Biden and my Orcus others. No, no, no. The border's secure. We run the border. That's a conspiracy theory. AI would shut this stuff out instantly. Here's Dan Goldman just the other day, admitting what AI would've pointed out right away. That yes, in fact, the border is under control of the cartels.


Check this Out. By spending that money on immigration judges and on a system that can quickly evaluate asylum claims, we won't have to have a witness here telling us that fentanyl is a problem. We all know fentanyl is a problem, and in fact, we all know that the drug cartels control the border. No, I I I, I, I thought we, I, I thought, I thought we didn't know. I thought the border was secure. Isn't that what you talked? You told us that, right? You said the border was secure. You see, you see what they lie about, everything. This is their paranoia about ai. So that was a clip from The Dan Bongino Show. You can watch the full show on Rumble.


All you have to do is go to rumble.com/bonino, where we go live every weekday at 11:00 AM Eastern time. Hope to see you there.