
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. You know, we had this long debate yesterday on the show, and it spilled into the radio show, and it's one of those great debates because it was never intended to happen. Now I got, gee doing the air squats too. Look at this folks, if we're the, I do 10 air squats before every show gets the juices flowing. Now I got everybody doing it. If you do, I, I've watched this Dr. Rhonda feed on Twitter, Dr. Rhonda Patrick, she's really good with life hacks. She says, if you get up every hour or so and do 10 air squats, assuming you have good knees and you can and everything, that over time it has a real substan effect on your body.


That sucker works, man gets the juices flow and everything even got GH into it. But I put it in tournaments all the time too, dude, it works. It clears your brain right up. You don't have to do a ton of 'em, man. Just bang those suckers out. So the best shows sometimes are the most unintended. And I did not yesterday intend at all to speak about this Carl Rove piece. If we should slow the winning down or speed the winning up and take some victory laps. But it turned into this four hour debate. It was great. But now you're seeing why the Rockham sock and robots flood the zone, keep the winning going at a rapid paces working. Folks, just a few months ago, we were told that, you know, if Trump wins, you know he's gonna have a really hard time in the Senate.


There's gonna be all of this Republican resistance to all his nominees. And yet what happened folks? Matt Gaetz left himself, he departed. That was it. Everything else has been, I mean, relatively smooth sailing hat tip to the Republican Senate for getting it done. I mean, you're always gonna get your Murkowski and Collins holdouts. It's to be expected. We've seen what they do, but we got cash through. So now you are going to see what real change is like. It's happening everywhere. It's happening so fast. It's like a celebratory moment that just never ends. It's like every morning you wake up and it's like, what? What are the, what's the thing? They have like Boxing Day right in, in the uk. Is that like five days after Christmas or whatever?


I don't know. I only celebrate Christmas. But it's like, but Boxing Day, every single day. It's like Christmas Day and it's by then Boxing Day two and then Boxing Day. Now we're like in Boxing Day, like 32, 33. You like, you think that's funny. Tyler, we have a guest in the studio today for those of, you've not seen my studio. I got to see it for the first time yesterday. Tyler and his crew here. What's the name of your company? Hammer Craft Is Hammer Craft is the company they built My, it's just me. It's just me. Tyler to Ties all Tyler. Blew it up and absolutely crushed me. Wait till you see my studio. Gee. Did a little video of my first reaction. Avid has seen it too.


I would do the Karate man, but I gotta save it. Whoa. I'm telling you, this studio is sick. Gee, is it crazy or what? Sick is appropriate. You're, you're all some of you guys, especially in the mc groin crew. You guys, guys are, you guys are coming. We're gonna have a big a picture of my phone. I'll put, can you put it in? All right. G's gonna put a picture of the photo. All right, let me get to the show. 'cause I got so much talk about. Cash is happening, it's going down. Reform is happening everywhere. It is just The Golden Age Of Republican Politics via maga. Thank you President Trump.


This podcast sponsored by Beam. Go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino for 47% off your first order. Get some sleep.


Also brought to you today by Lumen. You know when your metabolism's working properly, you can feel the benefits in literally every aspect of your life. I found a valuable tool that helps give me insight to create and improved metabolism for my body. It's called Lumen. Lumen iss one of the world's first handheld metabolic coaches. It's a device that can help measure your metabolism through your breath. And on the app, it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and provides tailored guidance to help you improve your nutrition, workouts, sleep, and stress management. All you have to do is breathe into the lumen first thing in the morning and it does this. It'll analyze your metabolism indicating whether you're burning fats or carbs. It's important. Then Lumen, L-U-M-E-N gives you a personalized nutrition plan for the day. Based on your measurements, take the next step to help improve your wellness. Go to lumen.me/bonino to get 20% off your lumen. That is L-U-M-E-N. Do me slash bonino for 20% off your purchase. Thanks Lumen for sponsoring the episode.


These statements of products have not been evaluated by the fda. A, they're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition. All fellas on this Friday show, get that Friday bell the best wet bell of the week. Listen man, I'm only, I love doing this show. It's not a real job. Tyler's got a real job. There's a fake job. This is fake. I just talk for a living. You all people look at his studio, look at that. Look at the studio. Who is that? Michael. Michael. Get him off the screen. Michael's way too handsome. Makes us all look ugly. Get him off the screen. Put someone else in there. Put me or gee in there he can a Michael on this. Look at this guy. Look this guy like a look like a look like J you know, they're looking for a new James Bond. Everybody in the chat should, should we do Michael?


Should Michael be in the running for James Bond? And he's like seven feet tall too. Look at, and you got me look at his. This is why the audio does almost as well as the video. People are like, I can't see Bonino anymore. I can't see it. You got, I'm serious, man. You can't put him in the picture. You see that? That studio is crazy though, isn't it? Wait till you guys see what it's gonna look like. We hopefully, gee, what are we like a week or two away Max? Yeah, we have to be because we, if we don't get outta this studio soon, you don't even wanna know what's gonna happen. And this thing is totally falling apart. So cash is back. Even CNN had a report on it Who do? So Claire Foreign and Morgan Rimmer from CNN how to write this piece.


Imagine how much this hurt Senate confirms Cash Patel as FBI's new director. Oh yes, this is the Kylo Ren Moore theory of politics. More, more, more. Just keep it coming every day. Folks, I wanna on a very serious note, thank you. Because the Republican Party did what they had to do where spreadsheets people correct. We do not get emotional when the Republican Party does bad things. We talk about the bad things and try to correct them to get them to be plus ones rather than minus ones. But when it's a plus one, you can't keep you.


What do they said? Old, stupid. You know, you can't beat a dead horse. Well you can, but the horse is dead. It doesn't make any sense. You know, to constantly just da da when they do something. Good, good. Thank you for getting Cash Patel through. And we didn't even need a tie breaker. A a tie breaking vote from, from Senator, excuse me, vice president JD Vance. We didn't even need it. So you guys did that. I will make no mistake, you guys and ladies out there in the Bonino Army in Bannon's army, Charlie Kirk's little army out there. We're all not little, I didn't mean it that way, but we all kind of cross-pollinate each other's shows. You guys did it out there, you guys got it done and thank you very much.


Folks always, always do what? Always measure the effectiveness. How folks in the chat chime in. It's your show too. Always measure the effectiveness of what you're doing. Why is Paula texting me during the show? Hold on. Oh, she's sending me a picture of me in the studio. She says, you are so cute. And it's date night too, Paula, you're very distracting right now. Tyler's like, what the hell did I get myself into sitting in on this show? Gee invited him to come up. I said, big mistake. Big mistake when you're here, right? Gee, what are the rules? You're part, we should put a sign in the door.


You're part of the show no matter what, always, every time, always measure the effectiveness of what you did by the response, especially of your crazy opponents like Senator Sheldon Whitehouse who absolutely melted down, like melted down. Like you would put like one of those metals and it just like, you know, when it goes into like molten form, like Terminator two, dude is losing it over cash because they know we're finally going to get a good solid strong FBI again. And that's not what they want. That's not what they want. They want a weaponized political outfit, which is unacceptable. Check this out. Fishery committee.


What crimes it was that he was concerned about that caused him to plead the fifth Cash Patel. Mark my words will cause evil in this building behind us. And Republicans who vote for him will ru that day. You'll rule the day Ru the day evil will happen. I, I love how they say that as if bad things have not happened in the building behind them for the last about eight years that need to be cleaned up. Folks, listen, I've known Cash Patel a long time. I can tell you with absolute certainty, and there are a few things in life you can speak about with absolute certainty.


Even if you ask a bunch of kids if they want homework, you can't say with certainty one kid's not gonna go, I'll take some homework. I need to improve my masculine. Everybody's like, shut off and prove them at home on your own. Take a Khan Academy class, whatever. I can tell you with certainty that Cash Patel is there for one reason. He is there to make the FBI Great again folks, if we do not have a credible deterrent to spies in this country, counterintelligence to terrorists that are planning plots here openly, some coordination entity for both transnational and interstate crime. We're not gonna have a country Cash is committed to that. And that only if Sheldon White House or these other lunatics think he's gonna whatever, pay back the favor or some stupid line like that and target them.


They're out of their minds. They're making that up to turn you. Please don't, he's there for one reason to clean this place up. He's a deadly, serious guy and he's got a mission in mind and he's got BHAGs in his head. Big hairy, audacious goals. Here's Senator Chris Murphy, another one. Just always gauge the effectiveness of this by, have you here, let me, can I give you a kind of a counter example before we play Chris Murphy? I'm, and by the way, I'm not suggesting at all that these people aren't good, but have you seen a similar reaction to the Energy Secretary? He's great, he's fantastic, but I think they understand the Democrats that something's gotta be done about energy.


So, so they're just leaving it alone. They are terrified over ca. They've spent so much time on Cash Patel, it makes you ask the question, right? Or begs the question. I hate that term. What the hell are they worried about? Why are they so concerned? Check this out. If you vote for Cash Patel more than any other confirmation vote you make, you will come to regret this one to your grave. No we won't. It's so, why are they so dramatic too? You see the drama, you will regret this to your grave. He thinks like he's in a movie or something.


Last night I was bored, by the way, I watched a movie. You guys ever see that movie Sicario? I know it's been out forever kind of, right? I didn't, I never saw this movie before last night. Paula absolutely loves, is obsessed with mob movies and like drug cartel movies and like, you know, crime movies and stuff like that. Did you guys in the chat ever see that? Pretty good movie, man. I didn't sense a lot of like wokeness in it. I don't know, it's been out forever, but is there a sequel to that? But I watched it last night. But this guy thinks he's in a movie. He thinks he's in like Saria, they're like cut. You know, what's the board they called? Anybody know I'm not a video guy? What's the the Clapboard or somebody? They're go, that's what they think they're in a movie you'll regret.


No, they won't regret it. They won't regret it. They're on the record supporting him because they know he's the change agent. The FBI needs folks, how amazing would it be in four years to look back with a good high quality reformed FBI, free of woke culture and DEI that goes out and is making headline big arrests of real bad guys destroying your community. How great would that be? We can all sit there and be proud. Again, no one's regrets anything and no one's gonna regret anything. You know, you know who's been on fire lately? This is this, you know, we love Maze more, by the way, on X. If you don't follow him, follow him.


We gotta share the wealth folks and the conservative MAGA ecosystem. It's really important. It's not about me, it's about all of us. I need you all to go to X today. Formerly Twitter. Follow Maze Moore. M-A-Z-E-M-O-O-R-E. I mentioned him before. I don't even know if it's him or her. I, I'm Maze. You gotta send me a dm. I keep saying him or her, I don't know. But really great account for Video Maze. Put this up yesterday. You know who is absolutely on fire with these nominees? I mean this guy's success record is a hundred percent. He's really, I've never seen a guy kick ass and take names like this. The success record is a hundred percent of failing. He has succeeded 100% of the time and fail. That's freaking hard, man.


That's hard. Even a really terrible major league hitter. You know, like the guy, the pitcher, the pitchers are never really good hitters 'cause they don't practice so much. They'll be batting like one 50. That means, you know, 150 times out of a thousand, they at least got a hit. This cat, Adam Schiff is killing it. He is succeeded at failing every single time. He is Adam Schiff on all of the quote controversial Trump nominees. Check this Out. It is up to us today to say no, no to this nomination. No to Pam Bonde. RFK is not the best or the brightest. He will not bring back Camelot or make America healthy again.


Tulsi Gabbard is a walking five alarm fire and must be rejected. Must be. Owen is a bigger or more dangerous sycophant than Cash. Patel. This political hack does not deserve to be in this building. Dudes on fire. I, you know, I I I dig that Bailey Zimmerman music had a lot of pop culture references today for the show. I think it's 'cause I'm in a particularly good mood today. If you only knew have you that House on Fire song. It's one of his EL songs. This guy's on fire, just like the Bailey on fire. He is on fire shift. A hundred percent success rate of failing.


Why is Adam Schiff so worried? Folks, I strongly encourage you to go back and take another look today at the Russia collusion hoax. I know it's a story that's old and a lot of people wanna move on. I'm gonna be straight with you. I don't wanna move on. We had the FBI in conjunction with the Department of Justice officials and Congress, foreign governments and Intel people fabricate a story, invent a story that could have caused and done serious long-term harm to international relations with a nuclear powered foe. It's kind of a big freaking deal. I'm not letting it go. And you listen to me, this is gonna be very important in the coming days.


I'm not letting this go. I wanna find out what happened because it can never happen again. Not to a Democrat, not to a Republican, not to a libertarian, not to any United States citizen. You do not get to alter or try to change the course of electoral politics by fabricating a story hijacking the justice system then to give the patina of truth to a fake story. You don't get to do that. Why do I bring that up now? Because who is the ringmaster of that circus? Yes, Adam Schiff and no, I'm not letting it go. And you shouldn't either, folks, the system, Adam Schiff and others used to weaponize and hijack the DOJ portions of the FBI and the global intelligence community to combat Donald Trump and his agenda.


And the American people who voted for him in 2016 was this FISA system, this Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act system, which needed some reform and still does. This is one of the reasons the Democrats are really freaked out. No one understands the system better than cash. He's been in the government, he's been on the, the prosecutorial side. He has seen how our defense system works or intelligence system, law enforcement system. He has a broad kind of bird's eye view of how all these entities tie into each other. Why is that a bad thing? It's a bad thing for the Democrats. You understand how they thrive on the opaqueness of government. That's why they hate the Doge.


They don't wanna guy in there who knows how the, you know, the, the gizmos fit together to make the machine work because then when the gizmo breaks and they broke it, he's gonna be the guy to fix it. They don't want that. They don't want any of that. They like it when everything's a dark box. Here was cash on the Sean Ryan Show. Really excellent show by the way. Highly recommended discussing a while ago Pfizer reforms and, and potential abuses of the system. Check this out. Chris Ray was caught last year illegally using 7 0 2 collection methods against Americans, 274,000 times 274,000 times.


It's not my number, it's in the report that they wrote. The FIIA court wrote it and then the FISA court and there was this big fight about 7 0 2 reauthorization. I know it might not be appealing to your audience, but it was a big fight this, this year to say we want FIA reform and FISA did need reform. We exposed it and we gave you a bunch of reforms during Russiagate and it never got implemented. So because the budget of FIO is up this, this cycle, we demanded Congress fix it. And do you know what the majority in, in the house where the Republicans did? They bent the knee, they reau it. Why? Why? I dunno, ask them.


And they said, oh no, we're just doing it for another year. We're just gonna kick the can down the road. I'm like, okay. So the, the, the other year you're doing it for is an election year. We showed you how they abused FISA once already. And then now you know about Chris Ray and all these other FISA abuses. But you trust the director of the FBI, this guy Chris Ray who went before you and said, no, no worry. We fixed everything. We're good. And they gave them more spy powers. I can't answer that one. And I can't, I couldn't get on board with that. That legislative fix Folks, I want you to understand something. Pregnant pause was not intentional.


I just want to give you a second 'cause this is really important. People are policy within the government. People are policy. You w words constitutions. Laws and regulations are meaningless if you don't swear to your oath and mean it. I mean there are a thousand examples of what I'm talking about. I am a constitutionalist that matters to me no matter what. Even at my own expense. It matters to me. You have to follow the law. If we, if everybody just decides what law, when to follow, when it's like the four way stop sign, come on.


Most people, they, you shouldn't, but they roll through those. Yeah, the other guy will stop. That's not the way this is supposed to work. You have a director or someone else in charge of the FBI that loosely interprets search and seizure and the constitution, your right to privacy, then folks, the policy's meaningless. The person's interpreting it to mean something completely different. The constitution is not a suggestion period. And the man in charge of now the FBI is the director and damn, that sounds good. Director Patel, thank you, God I don't use his name in vain.


Believes in that document. Believes, yeah, be easy to, it'd be easy to weaponize and target your political points. That's not what we do. That's not what we do. That's not what we'll ever do. That's not what this party stands for. The left wants to embrace old school, socialist style, weaponization of government. Then you own that. 'cause it ain't us. You can stick that on your damn bumper sticker 'cause it ain't going on my car. And it sure as hell ain't going on Cashs either. Folks, the left has a real problem with civics these days. So on a lighter note, it is Friday. This may be, I'm gonna play it a second.


Take a quick break. But I I I'm letting the guys we're, you know, we're trying to work in a more collaborative manner to do the show. 'cause these guys have great ideas and I feel bad, so I don't like, I kind of icing 'em outta the content they've been putting together some really great stuff. We all think alike anyways. Doesn't really matter. But I absolutely insist that this, whether Steven Miller has been putting on a clinic, the Deputy chief of staff, chief of staff from Trump, an absolute clinic on TV in the press room. Did you see him schoolhouse rock the press yesterday on civics? Stay tuned. This is probably, guys, if this isn't in videos of the year, at the end of the year, I'll be deeply offended. Gee, just so you know, Michael, take that down buddy. This has gotta go in there.


Hey, if you're a gun owner who thinks the battle's over because Donald Trump won, think again. The threats haven't disappeared. They're merely evolved to help defend yourself and your loved ones in today's world, you should stay informed about the latest strategies. That's where the US CCAs free expert led in-person training classes come in. Simply visit uscca.com/class to sign up for one of these excellent classes near you. You gotta be skilled and trained with your firearm. It matters over 50 options to choose from. You'll find the perfect fit. Some of the most popular courses include, should I Shoot? And when can you use force where you can learn when it's justified to protect yourself, your family, or your home defense. Shooting fundamentals very important and women's situational awareness and personal safety. As a responsible gun owner, you owe it to yourself and your family to receive training from some of the best in the industry. Don't let your firearm become a liability instead of an asset. Trust me, the expert instructors of the US Ccca A are second to none. So don't hesitate. Go to uscca.com/dan right now to register for a free training class in your area. Empower yourself. Prepare for the worst. Pray for the best. Sign up today at uscca.com/class. That's uscca.com/class. Check out some of their classes. They're really good.


Hey, on that, on that note, I'm gonna get to this in a second, I promise you. But so I was watching this movie last night. Like I said, Sicario with Paul. It was very good about this drug trade and this whole thing going on. And there's a scene in the movie. I'm not ruining it for anyone I hasn't seen. It's already old. But there, there, the where the Punisher guy, I don't know actors' names. The guy who acts as the Punisher jazz John something. And he's choking this lady. He's trying to kill her and he's, he's mounted on top of her and choking her. What we call in juujitsu, the finger choke. You know, you've seen it. You're on top of ladies out there guys too. That is the easiest choke in the world to get out of. And you have no idea how many people wind up either dying or getting assaulted or passing out because of it.


Take a jujitsu class or a grappling class, even if you take two or three of 'em and ask 'em first day, can you show me how to get out of the finger choke? 'cause I had to do a tutorial for Paula last night. I had to, 'cause I'm like, you're never, you're not going out like that little weave under the arm. Buckle 'em right down. You gotta learn how to get outta that stuff ladies, gents. It's really important. I just, sorry, just throwing that in there. You know how I like to throw life hacks in? That's one of 'em. Take a Brazilian juujitsu class. Seriously, take the intro class. It's usually free. You'll learn in that first class. Say, how do I get outta the finger choke? Okay, moving on. Steven Miller going all time. School house rock on the media. Now keep in mind, I'm I'm when I tell you this, I mean, the media in the press room knows how the presidency works.


They're just playing dumb. They're pretending to not understand that Donald Trump is the unitary executive. He's the only figure, him and the vice president on the ticket elected nationally. Correct? Is the, for the lefties in the chat, is the attorney general elected nationally? Nope. What about the FBI threat? Nope. Ccia, nope. Sex, no. Nope. Somebody, no, no, this is no, no one. Just Donald Trump and JD Vance on the ticket. But when you are elected by the electoral college nationally, you appoint people to implement your policy. Here's the media in the press room pretending they don't know this.


Talking about the Doge and Stephen Miller ma, an absolute masterclass kicking ass and taking names. Check this out. Here he is on how the executive works. This is great. Check this out. A president is elected by the whole American people. He's the only official in the entire government that is elected by the entire nation, right? Judges are appointed. Members of Congress are elected at the district or state level, which is one man and the constitution, article two has a clause known as the vesting clause. And it says the executive power shall be vested in a president singular. The whole will of democracy is imbued into the elected president. That president then appoints staff to then impose that democratic will onto the government.


The threat to democracy. Indeed, the existential threat to democracy is the unelected bureaucracy of lifetime. Tenured civil servants who believe they answer to no one, who believe they can do whatever they want without consequence, who believe they can set their own agenda no matter what Americans vote for. So Americans vote for radical FBI reform and FBI agents say they don't want to change, or Americans vote for radical reform on our energy policies. But EPA bureaucrats say they don't want to change or Americans vote to end. DEI, racist, DEI, policies and lawyers of the Department of Justice say they don't want to change. What President Trump is doing is he is removing federal bureaucrats who are defying democracy by failing to implement his lawful orders, which are the will of the whole American people.


You see the, do you see why this segment's important folks? The, the forget the people in the press room, okay? The liberal media people in the press room know what Stephen Miller's talking about. That's not why what he did, theirs important. I promise you there are liberals and maybe even swampy Republicans and others out there who've never heard that before. Who I, I, you know, you know how I know this because when the media came out with their first talking point against Elon and the Doge, and they said no one elected Elon Musk. If you follow the news like we do, I mean, it's my job. I don't know. I have a fake job. It's not a real job, but you know, it's not I, but I love politics.


I will go to X in truth and these tiktoks and Snapchats and I'll see what people are talking about. And I follow, I don't wanna tell you who, 'cause I don't wanna block me, but I follow liberal accounts. You can see them. They thought this was a great, great talking point because they're taking advantage of people on the left who are really ignorant of what Stephen Miller just said. You get what I'm saying? They were like, this is a good one. Tell 'em Elon's not elected. Nobody's elected in the executive branch except the president, vice president. I mean, no one, like, actually no one. The president runs the government, just like the CEO runs a company.


He appoints people and hires people to do stuff. The CEO isn't paying the taxes. He may have to sign off on it, but you think he's sitting there going, what is the capitalized deduction rate on the depreciation schedule on the li OFFO? He ain't doing that, man. The president doesn't do everything. He appoints people. The president's, the be hair guy, the big hairy, audacious goals guy. Liberals are praying, I I'm sorry to say this folks, especially the liberals who listen to my show. I know you're there, you troll my chat, which is fine.


I mean it we're free speech. People go right ahead. Just don't threaten anyone. They are taking advantage of liberal stupidity. Liberals actually, well, Elon wasn't elected, so he can't do anything. Even if he, even if the Doge people are government employees, he can't. How does the secret service protect the president? I'm just giving you a personal example. You think the president's overseeing the secur, Hey, we need a post stand here. I'm gonna be button hooking around here. Remember when you were kids playing football, you, you draw on your fingers, right? Remember you'd be like, Johnny Michaels, you ever do this, Johnny, you're gonna go here. You're gonna button hook Tony. You're gonna hit the, the fly route in the end zone.


You think the president's doing that in his protection because he nobody can do anything without the president. That's what they're saying. The Secret Service wasn't elected. Nobody's doing that. They're preying on your stupidity. That's why what Steven Miller's doing is so important. This is like a government 1 0 1 class from the bully pulpit every single day where people like me get to go, Hey, listen to this. 'cause there's, I promise I there all the p ones out there. I'm sorry that I have to play for you stuff that's fairly obvious, but it's important you take that message and send it to your liberal friends and say, when they say, Hey, Elon's not elected, take that cut. It's not mine. It's the White House's.


Take that cut and say Elon's not elected. Say was Merrick Garland elected? What about Javier Baia? Here, let me send you the Stephen Miller clip about how our constitution works. Thank you. Alright, clip coming up next is important folks. Red Pilling is happening everywhere and it was just Avita sitting here today too. And I said to Avita Aida's rubbing off on me. She knows a lot for, I mean like a ton of stuff. And she really, really understands the Breitbart rule. That politics is downstream of culture like her show. That's why her show has taken off because she covers it better than anyone because she's fought these fights. Whether it was the vaccine at her college, I mean Avita is 20 going on 80.


And I don't mean looks, I mean look, watch a rumble.com/avita. She's just been through these fights before rumble.com/avita E-V-I-T-A. So she's rubbing off on me 'cause I see these stories on her show and I'm like, damn, I gotta cover more of this culture stuff. I'm so into the mechanics of politics. 10, 10, and 10. So JD Vance spoke Vice President Vance at CPAC yesterday, and this is really important what he said about this war on our young men. It is a disgrace what's happening, and I want you to listen to it because it's an extremely important message. Did I not tell you about JD Vance? I'm sorry. I don't, I don't really, it's not self praise folks. I just, please trust me. I'd known this guy. He is a freaking rockstar.


This guy is probably the best political candidate we've seen since a guy named dead Donald J. Trump. You ever heard of him? Amazing. You ever notice he's never caught off guard? Ask him anything, ask him anything. Ask him about how he feels about five prime, three par prime, DNA strands. And he's like, you know what? Lemme tell you, that's the one direction you read. Watch this coming up next, last break, and we'll get right back to it.


Hey, when it comes to protecting your family, it's not just about having a firearm. Lethal force isn't the answer for every situation. Imagine an imminent threat comes to you and your family instinct may drive you to reach for a firearm immediately. But what if there were a way to defend yourself and deescalate a situation without the irreversible consequences of deadly force? Burn is non-lethal. Pistol launcher, equipper tear gas and kinetic ammo can incapacitate an attacker for up to 40 minutes. No need to go Defcon one. We just need protection to ensure we can diffuse the situation and drive the threat away. I trained with firearms most of my adult life. The burn a pistol they sent me, I really enjoyed. It was really easy to learn to use and operate. The guys have one too. If you don't own a firearm, it's a great option to have. It's a great option to have. Even if you do Made in America Legal in all 50 states requires no background checks and shipped right to your door, visit b yna.com/dan now you'll get an exclusive 10% discount for my listeners. That's berna.com/dan, Check it out. You won't regret it.


And our last sponsor today, MyPillow, we love Mike MyPillow, is excited to announce they're having the first ever mega sale on Overstock clearance and brand new products. For example, save over 50% on the season's flannel sheets. Queen size only 59 98 King's only 69 point 98. They sell out fast. So order now save 30% on their new Mike crosses. They're designed in the likeness of the one you see around Mike's neck. You've worn it for 20 years. They come in men's and women's and they're made right here in the USA get the 20 25 6 piece my towel set for only 29 98. The initial quantities are extremely low, so get them before they go. And the best selling standard MyPillow, which I sleep on, is just 1498. Take advantage of the first ever mega sale. Go to MyPillow dot com and use promo code Dan or call 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2. But wait, remember the $75 free shipping rule? Well, don't worry that ship sailed right now. Every order ship's absolutely free shop their first ever mega sale with free shipping on every order. Once again, go to MyPillow dot com, use promo code Dan or call 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2.


Folks, one quick thing before I get back to that amazing JD Vance video. A little bit of blackout there. Black out coffee. I, I cannot thank you enough for supporting this show. It means so much to me. It's gonna make a lot more sense in the coming days as we launch more and more products on the show. I announced yesterday a a not only we have the studio opening up, not only is Avitas show, congratulations, I didn't even mention this with Avita Avita was the number 34 show on Triton. Do you know what that means? There's like 22 trillion podcasts. Avita show's 34. She's, she hadn't even been doing it that long. This, she, she's talented. She's a rockstar.


And you know what I love? She's a team player. She said to me yesterday, Hey man, you want me to have Hailey on the show? Who's Hailey? If you missed yesterday's show, we're launching a new show on this network. Hailey Caria, please give her a follow on x there. She's, she's at Haley, H-A-Y-L-E-Y-C-A-R-O-N-I-A at Hayley Carina. She says fiery, but mostly peaceful. You're gonna love the show, I promise. We've known each other a long time. She was a producer at Fox and was a total rockstar. It is gonna be 6:00 PM 6:00 PM We will give you the rumble. URL We promise Anita, if you could put it up in the chat, her social, give her a follow on Instagram as well.


She's amazing. It's gonna be at 6:00 PM Eastern time. You're gonna love this show. It's coming real fast, I promise. Really fast. Maybe by like next week we, we move at light speed now. So given the success of a Vitas show, we now got a model. So thanks for supporting everything we do. I'm trying to give you a whole bunch of stuff to choose from. Alright, here is Vice President Vance at CPAC on a message on the war on boys. Folks, we cannot have this. The left has been doing this forever. They have been trying to destroy the idea of strong masculine men because it is a proxy for their war on traditional objective, big R god-given rights, values.


They don't like that. They, I'm getting long winded, simple as this. They want your values coming from the state. They don't want your values from dad. They don't want husband and wife mutual respect. They want everybody weak and compliant. And the best way to do it is to destroy our boys. And it's a freaking disgrace. Listen to this. And I, and I think, you know, you, you asked me, you know, my, my message to young men is, I, I think that our culture sends a message to young men that you should suppress every masculine urge. You should you, you should try to cast aside your family. You should try to suppress what makes you a young man in the first place.


And I think that my, my message to young men is don't allow this broken culture to send you a message that you're a bad person because you're a man, because you like to tell a joke because you like to have a beer with your friends or because you're competitive. But our, our cultural message is, I, I think that it wants to turn everybody into whether male or female, into androgynous idiots who think the same, talk the same, and act the same. We actually think God made male and female for a purpose. And we want you guys to thrive as young men and as young women. And we're gonna help with our public policy to make it possible to do that.


Leah, Leah Hunt says in the chat, this guy's top notch. What is it? Isabella is a better, I love masculine men. Hey, good listen. Is this, can we, could Donald Trump have made a better choice? Could he have made a better choice than Vice President Vance? No, I'm serious. Can can you throw someone out there you think would've been better now that you have a good data set? You've now got the entire campaign and election and over a month of him as vice president. I'm not telling you things can't break bad in the future. I'm just telling you, given the data set you have now, could he have made a better choice? Come on. The answer's clearly no. The vice president is a fantastic messenger and Andrew Breitbart was absolutely correct when he said, the politics are downstream of the culture, folks, you can elect all the great politicians you want.


If it's the freaking tower of Babel and the culture is broken and we're disrespecting our young boys, we're making our young women, I have two daughters feel insignificant that they're victims all the time. Oh, look, these toxic, patriarchal men are gonna ruin your life. Really? I got two powerhouses right here. A vita's married to Michael, Michael works here, guys. These guys are running the whole show by these guys run this whole thing by themselves. She's now a a the 34 on the this trite top sharks. It's a pairing. It's a pairing. It is a, it is an additive thing. You can't have weak men. They're trying to rot this culture out because they know then that the politics doesn't matter.


That people are gonna fill a hole and they want that hole to be filled with government. It's why they hate religion. There's a, a killer op-ed by, I think it's Barton Swain in the Wall Street Journal about exactly this from yesterday. How this, this, this liberal wrote this book about how religion was basically destroying our, our culture and politics. And now this same liberal is admitting that he was wrong, but he's admitting he was wrong for all the wrong reasons. The gist of the whole thing to keep it simple is that once you create that vacuum, you divorce people from God, bigger values a higher cause. You divorce them from dad and the brother and the sister and you tell 'em the family, it don't matter.


And the patriarchy's always coming for you and you're a victim bro. And everybody's hurting you all the time and everybody's, and you're looking over your shoulder all the time. You're never going to live your freaking life man. You're gonna constantly be doing karate man defensive moves instead of taking the world by the freaking balls and going and doing big things. I just said to Tyler, we were talking before the show. He's sitting in here, man, there it is. It's called, it's All Evangelical's Fault again by Barton Swain. Read it. A liberal atheist blames liberalism, woes on religious Trump supporters. Read the article. It's worth your time. I just said to Tyler, man, listen, I I, young kids, whenever we were at book signing, parents would come up to me and say, you got some advice from my kid. I'd say I do.


Big people do big things. Little people do little things, do big things. When you are constantly a victim and you believe this liberal bullshit that everybody's coming for you all the time and you can't beat it, you will be defeated before you even started the game. Play the damn game. Play the game, get in the game and give it your best effort. The worst thing that can happen is you come out at the end and you drop an l Once in a while it happens and you dust off and you get back up and you play tomorrow's game even harder. And you learn from your damn mistakes. I'm not your preacher, but big people do big things. Small people are victims.


Small people are victims. You can, I manifest good things folks and good things will happen. God gave you a brain that thinks positively for a reason. Use it. He gave you vision. Your dog doesn't have vision. I love my dog. Your dog doesn't think about being the king of all dogs. He doesn't even understand what that means. Do big things. Did you see this? The red pilling of everyone's going on everywhere. You know what, gee, can we play the national anthem here? I know the game didn't turn out like we expected, but that's fine. USA hockey team put on a great effort lost in overtime to the Canadians.


Good for you for getting in the damn game. We're proud of you. We'll always be proud of you, defended America and we love you. But showing you how the red pilling and the culture's changing and everybody's starting to understand that values don't come from government values come from something more important than that. Here was the national anthem. We'll play a little bit of this at last night's game. You may not hear the actual singer 'cause everybody's singing with him. Check this out.


Hey guys, can I give you a little piece of life advice for the new fathers out there? When you are at home in your house and you're watching this on tv, this's amazing moment. Stand up. Let your kids see. Take your hat off. Put your hand on your heart. I know, I know in the Bonino army, a lot of you do that already. But when I'm in my house, it's not some show, it's not a virtue signal. I let my daughter, I tell my daughter every time, stand up heels together. I wish my elbow bent a little more.


Unfortunately, it's a little below my heart. Put your hand on your heart. Chin up. None of this. Whether when they do it, no. Let your kids see it. Let your boys see it. Let your little girls see it. You see that national anthem on a college game, a pro game, a hockey game. I don't care what it is, an equestrian match. You snap those heels together, you stand up straight, get your gig line in order, put your chin up, hand over your heart and you don't move until that song is done and let your kids see it. That's how we change the culture. We change the culture. The politics takes care of itself. I promise you.


The politics takes care of itself. I promise you. And thank God we got a president proud of America again in the office. Did you hear his phone call yesterday? This gee loves this. This gee will choke me out. Finger choke. He doesn't know. I know the solution for it. He will finger choke me if I don't put this in the show. Here's Donald Trump talking to the hockey team before it. This the guy man. I'm telling you man, he is just on it all the time everywhere. He loves this country. Check this out. Well, I'll talk to the guys if they're around. Yeah, they are. I'm going to walk into the locker room right now and you can speak to the guys firsthand. Mr. President, can you hear me? I can. You guys are really talented.


I have great respect for hockey players. I'm a hockey fan. I love hockey. The, the talent, the skill that you have is a is crazy and just go out and have a good time tonight. And I just want to wish you a lot of luck. You really are a skilled group of people. It's an honor to talk to you and get out there. And there's no pressure whatsoever. I can, I can tell you honestly, every person in here, players, staff, management coaches, we are all proud Americans and we wanna represent our country the best way we can and do our best to bring in a win tonight. Thank you again on behalf of everybody. You just go out and have a good time. You're gonna win. And we love America. We love you guys. We'll be watching tonight.


Bring it home. Thank you Folks. You know, I worked in the White House, man, the president's time is valuable, really valuable. I'm not sure you even understand how, I mean, really valuable people would, if they could pay millions of dollars for sit downs with a president, they would. The president never misses a moment to tell people representing the United States athletes, whatever, academics, anyone, how much he cares about them when he's up there and talking to them. He loves this country. And it's so evident if you just listen to the guy and he's having this downstream effect that Andrew Breitbart had talked about over politics where it's okay to love America again.


Not only is it okay to love America again, you can do it proudly and openly and you don't have to worry. I mean, I I I've heard that story after the election. Who was it? Was it Dana Pino or someone saying on Fox? They were walking around Manhattan. I saw people walking around MAGA hats for the first time. Like people were afraid. Nobody's afraid anymore. The red pilling is everywhere. He's like everywhere. He's like, what about Buttigieg? Buttigieg him too. Guy's like to the left, the Lenin. He says he's got evidence that even Buttigieg, I'm not kidding. Here's Buttigieg a while back talking about equity and buses or something like that. I'm gonna play that with this clip.


You're just gonna hear from the other day where even Buttigieg is starting to realize that the Shats doctrine, you'll see what I mean in a second, may be the way to go. In other words, do really liberal stuff. But you better not talk about it like that anymore. 'cause the culture's changing. Check this segment out first. Meantime, transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg has not commented on the near collision though he did comment on transit equity day, which was happening at the very same time. The planes in Austin almost collided. Watch, I love that image of the doors opening on the bus or the subway car representing doors opening in so many other areas of life. If you can get to where you need to be in an equitable way. So in an equitable way, we got equitable buses.


You gotta make sure the buses fit into your whatever L-G-B-T-Q-I-A-B-I-O PC two plus one a ideological identity politics. And you're like, what are you talking about? It's a freaking box with four tires, bro. What are you talking about? That is pre pre 2024 election. Donald Trump. So Donald Trump gets elected. The culture is now rapidly changing, detoxifying itself of toxic masculinity and all this PC crap woke bullshit, right? And I want you to listen to Pete Booted edge how he's talking now. And let me just tell you in advance, he's not really red pilled.


This is the Shaz doctrine. Hold that thought. Or as KJP calls him the shorts doctrine. Okay? They're starting to realize right now that the culture war is turning and turning rapidly. So listen to the way this really, really liberal guy, he's gonna run for president a hundred percent the next election. I hope so. Yeah. So do I, I hope so too. Him and Kamala Harris would be an amazing ticket. Amazing winky. Winky not, not listen to how he talks. Now check this out. Cannot Go on like that. We cannot. I also think that we believe in the values that we care about for a reason. And this is not about abandoning those values. It's about making sure we are in touch with the first principles that animate them. What do we mean when we talk about diversity? Is it caring for people's different experiences and making sure no one's mistreated because of them, which I will always fight for?


Or is it making people sit through a a, a training that looks like something out of Portlandia, which I have also experienced. And it is how, it is how Trump Republicans are made if that comes to your workplace with the best of intentions, but doesn't actually get at what we're, what, what actually matters here? What's actually at stake? Okay, this is the edutainment portion of the show at tip BDP Education plus entertainment. That's what matters right? There is this thing going around the Democrat party. Write this down 'cause you're gonna see it everywhere. They're calling it the Shatz doctrine after Brian Shatz, the senator who KJP called shorts. So we'll call it the Shorts Doctrine, right? The Shorts Doctrine is this do really crazy liberal stuff.


Transgender sex changes in the military, all this other like really woke far left crazy stuff, right? Do it but don't talk about it like Portlandia, which is that, that TV show about like liberal crazy stuff. I never watched it, but I assume 'cause I've had to look it up. That's the Shatz doctrine. So I say this because I, I know what you're thinking. Why are we talking about elections? Because folks, the midterms are right around the corner another night. Yeah, they are. They're, they're less than two years away, which in political, you know, reverse dog years, everything is like a factor of seven, not times seven, right? It's right around the corner. You are gonna see this in swing district everywhere outside of like say Jasmine Crockett's district or you know, a d plus 20 district.


You are gonna see Democrats talking like this now talking like moderate Democrats, even talking like Republicans in many cases. Listen to me, brothers and sisters, it's an act. Look it up. The Shatz doctrine, this Brian Schatz is telling everyone this, just talk like a normal person, but still do crazy stuff. So for those of you out there still on the fence who may have just tuned into my show, it's an act, the Republican agenda and what we're doing is not an act. We're doing it. The Democrats, you're hearing from this is all, it's all an act. Don't fall for this. Here. I'm gonna jump ahead. Here's Jasmine Crockett. This is what I mean.


First off, put that interactive polls thing up. I put this up yesterday. Democrats in Congress are now at an all time low in approval in Quinnipiac, which is not like some right wing polling outfit. Okay? They're at 22% approval, nearly 70% disapproval. Now why is that happening? Because they do crazy stuff. They're gonna try to talk their way out of this now. But the problem is they're still gonna have people like Jasmine Crockett, Bernie Sanders, a OC, and Elizabeth Warren to deal with who are out there still saying crazy stuff because her and a OC are doing what I call the show Your ass theory. There is still money in crazy stuff and saying crazy stuff.


So you're gonna see more. You're gonna, and by the way, you're gonna see a OC in the squad start to object at all the airtime she's been getting. But Jasmine Crockett needs to keep it up. There's the poll right there. Here's Jasmine Crockett on her take on government money, your tax dollars and quote handouts may be one of the most offensive things you've heard in a long time. Keep this lady on TV though. She's great for us. That is, check this out. Now, president Trump says he likes the idea of giving some of the savings from Doge back to Americans as kind of a dividend. Would you support that? Listen, he's just telling a lie. He's not the one that had anything to do with the $1,200 refunds that people had during the midst of Covid that was done by a democratic house and democratic senate.


Right now, what they're going to do is say, Hey, we want to give you a refund, but Congress won't let us because they already know that there's just no money for that. The only reason that those refunds came before was because we were living in different times. This was a time in which hopefully we won't ever go through again. We had a once in a lifetime pandemic. The bad part is that, I don't know if it's once in a lifetime, because we know that Ebola unfortunately was detected right here in New York here recently. And if we continue down this road of getting rid of scientists or deciding that we don't want to rely on experts as relates to what they're telling us to do, or we don't want to deal with vaccines and medicine in this country, then we may be facing not only our next pandemic, but our next two, three, or four pandemics because of their incompetence.


So no, we are not in the business of giving out money and honestly I don't know what $5,000 will do for you. I'm sorry. We're not in the business of giving out money. Yes, yes. Thank you. Play it again. Play it again. Sorry. Everything's always backing us. You're not in the business of giving out money. We're not in the business of there. I'm, hold on. Just keep that, keep that on hold for a second. There's one other thing I wanna address about this, and I'm really, I'm seriously begging the Democrats in order to hold on to your, very valuable to US Republicans, 22% approval rating, which is great for us, terrible for you. You may say, well, what are the Republicans? Well, they're 40%, which isn't great, but it's a whole lot better than 22 Republicans in Congress.


And Donald Trump's as far ahead of both of those, right? Please keep this woman on tv. I'm begging you, I'm imploring you. Please. She is the best messenger for the Shatz doctrine. Absent the saying crazy stuff because she wants to do crazy stuff, but she says it too. She cites experts during CO as an example of like a model we should replicate. Do you realize the experts got everything wrong? Did you see that Yale? Was it the Yale paper going around about spike protein elevations in people with quote long covid? I encourage you to read it. It's pretty freaking scary stuff. If the robust, if, if the robust results say turn out to be robust and, and, and, and, and repeatable, it's really frightening.


Did some of you see it? This you should look up the Yale Researcher Report and the Spike Burn. It's all over the news. I'm plying the Bongino rule to everything because unlike Jasmine Crockett, I actually believe in science and the experts she keeps citing were wrong folks about almost everything. Masks didn't work, vaccines didn't, sprint, didn't stop the spread of Covid. I didn't even stop you from getting covid. No, it did not come out of a Pangolin who m it with a butterfly, who got bit by a mosquito. None of that happened. Everything they told you was wrong. Droplets. Aerosols. They, everything. They got wrong.


They got they and they publicly bragged about it and then she goes on to say, we're not in the business of giving you, but like it's their money. There's a woman with no life skills whatsoever. Amazingly gets elected to Congress and is lecturing you. Hardworking Americans, black, white, Asian, Jewish, Muslim, Christian, it doesn't matter. They love identity politics lecturing you about, we're not in the business of giving you your money back. When we find overpayments and fraud Democrats, please keep this woman on tv. I'm serious. I'm not kidding.


There is no better advocate for what you're going to do then this one, I know you're gonna try to hide it. SHAS doctrine us. I get it, but now we're exposing the Chats doctrine on the biggest live stream in conservative politics. It's all an act. Everything she just said, Jasmine Crockett is everything. The Democrats think bank on it. Alright folks, thank you so much. It's been an amazing week. Please get ready for the launch of our new show. It's gonna be a nightly show, 6:00 PM Eastern Time with Haley Caria. Please follow her on Twitter. She got something like 5,000 new followers today at Haley Caria, C-A-R-O-N-I-A.


We're really proud. The show is amazing and make sure you follow a Vita's show too. rumble.com/avita, blowing up the charts. Spread the word mcg, groin crew, get those followers over to her account. Please give us all a follow on Apple, Spotify, and Rumble. It's all free. We really appreciate it. I'll see you on the radio show here in a little bit and back here at 11:00 AM on Monday. See you then. You just heard The Dan Gino show.