
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. I, I can't, I was, I had a, a totally different intro to the show and I'm sorry I can't get this out of my head. Have you guys heard the eating, the dogs eating the ery mix? I cannot believe how stupid the dumbass liberals are to fall in this trap. Again, the conservative MAGA movement out there absolutely dominates the meme internet space. And these dumbass libs keep falling in the trap. They're like, let's do a song about Donald Trump saying, or eating the dogs and eating the cats and let's make it go viral on TikTok.


Have you ever thought that people who have no idea what that's about, are they gonna go and look up the story and find out that Kamala Harris and Joe Biden flew 20,000 plus illegal immigrants, Haitians and others into a community and it's being taken over. Did you, why would you think this is a w What is wrong with you idiots? Didn't you realize the Trump MAGA team are just better at this than you guys? And we're gonna steal it and we're gonna just make it our own thing. How dumb do you have to be? They get owned every single time and they fall in the trap because these dumb asses think they're too clever by half.


Holy Moses, you guys are stupid on the left. It's hilarious. We're eating the dogs, eating the cats, eating the cats, eating the cats. We're eating the dogs, eating the cat. How did you think this worked for you? How did you realize people are gonna look that up? The hell is wrong. I saw a vita covered it this morning on her show.


Hey, you've heard me rave about Beams Dream Powder every day. Get it now. Stop delaying this stuff changed my life. Get better sleep. They're rough. The largest discount at shop Beam dot com slash Bonino. Use code Bonino.


Big show today, folks in the chat. I, some of you early birds caught my comments earlier. I was in the chat about nine 30 today. What'd you think of my appearance with Tucker today? I listen, sell praise stinks, but I'm gonna tell you something. Me and him kind of fed off each other there. It was an absolute banger. Sold that place out in Tulsa. And I had a couple segments. I'm just gonna play one short thing for you from it. You can check it out in his podcast. But man, we had a really good time and thank you. Tulsa, Oklahoma, the Ambassador Hotel, everyone out there, you guys were amazing. And I. Met Danny Boy O'Connor from House of Pain, my man. There he is, right there. He's like, you ever gonna read this? I will. He even signed my house of pain cassette tape from like 1940.


Look at him. All the best. Brother, Danny, boy, Dan, he boy Dan. He has a song on there too. Well, it's, you know, higher Olympics. You get the point.


Hey, many Americans are tired and frustrated by a stalling economy, inflation, endless wars, and relentless assault on our values. Thankfully these companies like Patriot Mobile and still believe in America and our Big R Rights. I'm proud to partner with Patriot Mobile 'cause they've been on the front lines fighting for our rights, the sanctity of life and our military and first responder heroes take a stand for conservative causes. Put America first by switching to Patriot Mobile. Today you get the same nationwide coverages, the big providers. 'cause Patriot Mobile operates across all three major networks. Plus they back their service with a coverage guarantee. Their 100% US based customer service team will find the best plan for your needs. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. Go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot right now. You get a free month when you sign up and use the offer code. Dan, don't be fooled by other providers pretending to share our values because they don't and they can't try America's c only Christian conservative mobile provider. Go today to Patriot Mobile. It's patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month of service today.


All right fellas, let's go. They were so delayed. I think they were like, is we even doing a bell? I just had, I like came out. I missed you yesterday. I missed you. I'm not used to being off in the middle of the week, right? We rarely do that on a Thursday where we bounce back in. It was just, but I had to fly back. So I was out there with Tucker and Place was packed. Tulsa's a great, what a wonderful place, man. Stayed at this place. Ambassador Hotel. Really nice, like an old kind of historic place. Had a great time. Met a lot of wonderful people. My sister was there, met Danny Boy And. I was on stage and Tucker asked me like, what's my philosophy with dealing with the libs? They try to cancel everyone and all this other stuff. And this is one of the clips they put out.


This was my answer. Gee thinks that the camera work, he, he wanted do, but check this out. I think you're gonna like this. This is my philosophy on dealing with the lips. Check this out. F these people, whatever they tell you can't do, you go do it. And then you, you start your own company and then you get your own advertisers. That's how you do it. You pull the Leo, the DiCaprio from Wolf of Wall Street. Just don't defraud anyone. I'm not leaving. I'm not leaving you. Tell these liberals, I will haunt you sons of bitches for the rest of your lies on this planet. YouTube decided to cancel me. YouTube sends me a letter and an email We're canceling you.


You said masks don't work. They said, you gotta pull this video down. I said, I got a better idea. I'm gonna cancel you idiots and I'm gonna go advocate for a platform. And then Rumble went and sued 'em later for like screwing 'em up. Like they're screw these people. Don't ever let them beat you down, ever, ever. Whatever they tell you not to do, you do times 10. What Does the HR department in your company say when you talk like this? It was a great time. He asked me another question too. And I encourage you to listen to the whole interview. I've been getting a really nice group of texts from friends of mine who really enjoyed it. It's about an hour plus me and him. He asked me at one point about happiness. Folks, I really strongly encourage you to listen.


To my answer. I'll give you a quick, just a quick summation here. He asked me the gist of, of the question was, you know, like kind of how are you so happy? I said, I'm not happy And, I want you to remember this. I'm not happy. I'm happy on Friday and Saturday nights, but you have to earn your happiness. Everything you do is to earn your happiness. You better do things that suck you understand, do 'em every day. Get up in the morning, hit the gym, get your workouts in. I hit that damn cold plunge. I sit in that sauna heat at night for about 30 minutes, baking, sweating my ass off. Get to those kids' games. Even though you gotta work hard. Make those phone calls out. Hustle everyone else. 'cause you know what? A lot of people out there are lazy and you are not.


And you're gonna get out there and you're gonna beat them. You're not only fighting the world, you're fighting yourself. Get up every single morning and do things that absolutely suck and you'll learn your happiness and your happiness will mean that much more. Don't take cheap pass to happiness, drugs, booze, all that other stuff. You wanna have a drink on the weekend, fine. You earn it, you earn it. You don't take a sip during the week. You drink your water and you eat your clean food and you bust your ass and you get to work. And then on a week you'll enjoy and it'll mean that much more. Happiness isn't cheap. Cheap happiness is depression. Look at all the people on drugs and booze and cheap emotional outlets that they take sitting there in their basements watching porn all day not working.


And the most miserable people in the world earn your happiness, suffer real happiness, isn't suffering. Read the Natural by Malamud. We all live two lives, the one we learn from and the one we live after that the real path to happiness is suffering. Listen to that one. You know, enjoy it. Alright, get back to the show folks. I talked a lot in that clip about Rumble and the parallel economy. Rumble had a huge night, by the way. Thank you for supporting us. During the debate, Rumble dominates debate night as alternative media streaming platform surges. Yeah baby, that was us right here. We did that. Now I'm never gonna waste your time ever.


Your boy Dan was way ahead of the debate coverage, was he not? I told everyone, please apply the Bongino rule about the debate. What was the, what were the idiot talking head morons who've been wrong about everything in the history of things? What were they telling you? Oh my gosh. Catastrophic loss for Donald Trump. The judges ruled elections over Kamala is for real. And we woke up the next day, And I joined you all in the chat on the show and on the radio show for the first hour. And what did I tell you folks in the chat? What did I tell you? The karate man was back.


What did I tell you? I said, why would you believe these idiots they'd been wrong about every single thing about Donald Trump? What the hell did Kamala Harris do last night to change your mind? And what did Donald Trump do that changed your mind last night? Because campaigns are what kids, what are they? I mean even gee knows now. The guy never responds to anything sound bites and snapshots folks, that's all campaigns are period. Anyone telling you otherwise is a freaking moron. The pictures were bad for Kamala Harris and the soundbites were all lies. So the media was afraid to parrot them. Kamala Harris did not win that debate. She in fact lost it. She didn't lose it by a lot because the media covered for a lot of the bad optics.


She lost the debate and Of course all the chuckleheads who've been the swampy Republicans and the media types were like that funny Ka Harris. Really? I said, do you guys have any actual evidence of that? 'cause I can point out a series of polls, Rasmus and others, where Trump's lead got better. And I can put out a series of economic polls where after the debate, a lot of people whose number one issue is the economy, which is most people actually Trump did trusted Trump more So. it sounds like Dan Bonino was right. Again, that's 'cause he is New York Times. Gee, if you would my friend, why are we putting up New York Times headlines?


Because DB always brings the receipts. Other asshole Chuckleheads give you nothing but their opinions, which are always wrong. New York Times pundit said Harris wanted to debate undecided voters. Were so sure. Let's do some I keto. Can we throw some I keto in the mix? You know Steven Segal like the neck chop. It's your boy. That's your boy right there.


Bonino arm. You we ever wrong. Put it in the chat. Hell, we're never wrong. We're never wrong. You think so? You thinks I had a lot of Blackout Coffee. I seen evidence of this. We're always right, we're always right, we're right because of things like this show. That photo of Kamala Harris, this was the snapshot the whole night. What does that remind you of? Kamala Harris. The faces she was making the whole night. The chin in the air. The the, the fake inquisitive look. What does it remind you of?


High school Teachers. Thank you. Oh my gosh, Michael, I don't want to use, I never used the word's name in me. Michael, you just nailed it. I swear verbatim at that. That high school teacher. You could not stand that. Tell, look at the picture. If you are wa listening on Apple and Spotify, I demand you go 13 minutes into the show. I'm sorry, I'm, I'm not into bad. I'm not a tyrant, but, and look at this picture. That was the entire night. You are telling me me, if a campaign is snapshots and sound bites, it is anyone telling you otherwise is a moron. This, these are the snapshots. I wanted it. Listen, I'm not gonna tell you that Trump couldn't have smiled once in a while either.


I'm not. I'm trying to be objective. The snapshots for him would could've been a little better too. This was in no way a win. That was her the entire night. Your boy told you the next day when all the chuckleheads were like, oh my gosh, he lost it's over. You know why your boy knows and they don't. Because I actually ran for office and debated people a lot. Like a lot, a lot. And you realize right away when you're done by the response of the crowd, I shouldn't have smirked so much. I came off like a smart ass. I shouldn't have laughed. That was a bad joke. I shouldn't have looked angry at that. It looked like I wasn't paying attention.


That's why. Reminds Yeah, look, perfect that gee, just put up a picture. Woo. Who's the last woman who lost against Donald Trump who ran for president and came off snooty with deplorables and all that other stuff? You don't have to like it. It's true. This one. Same exact pose. Hillary Clinton. Thank you. Good point folks. Again, you don't have to believe me, I'm just telling you. Believe the New York Times, if you are a crazy liberal in my chat, Dan's nuts. Really. I'll read the headline again. Pundit said Harris won the debate. Undecided voters weren't so sure that's the New York Times.


Now let's go to another center. Right? Sometimes left-leaning outlet, sometimes the Wall Street Journal, but pretty much center right? Most of the time definitely not mag or a conservative like that's out. Here's Kim Strel. I like Kim's work a lot. Here she is again talking about a Reuters interview after the debate. Reuters folks, Reuters these dare to the left of Lenin. You're talking about coms here. Reuters interviewed 10 swing voters after the debate and gave the story an intriguing headline. Some undecided voters not convinced by Harris after debate with Trump. She notes. That's one way to put it. Six said afterward they would now either six out of 10 folks, not six out of 106 outta 10 said afterwards they would now either vote for Trump or were leaning towards backing Trump to be six planes.


One remained undecided and only three back Harris here, here's another one. A New York Times interview times interview of eight undecided voters after the debate found two. Leaning towards Mr. Trump. One towards Ms. Harris. The rest extremely confused. Like your boy said. She notes other outlets produced similar mixed results. Guys, ladies, I will never screw you over, okay? I'm not here to bullshit you. I wanna see Trump win. If Trump did something catastrophically stupid and lost the debate, it does mean no favors. The one thing their team respects about me is I always tell them the truth.


Okay? I don't bother them. They don't need my advice. They're doing just fine without me. However, it's helpful that we're the number one podcast in the world with a huge audience every day and we can crowdsource. I'm telling you, he did not lose that debate. People were left confused because snapshots were terrible for Kamala Harris. The pictures were awful, but the soundbites were worse. She did two things. She either didn't answer the question asked. So if you go back to that Wall Street Journal thing, voters were left extremely confused 'cause she didn't answer the question or when she did answer the question, she just lied. And the media got nailed. There it is. The rest left extremely confused.


It's exactly what I said before these articles came out. I just don't want you wasting your time with these other shows, man, I'm really sorry. The soundbites were all lies here. I wanna play this video. Kamala Harris on that. So this came out, right? Remember I said they are not gonna put the soundbites out there and make anything viral because the minute they do, they're gonna get fact checked. Remember Kamala? Harris, the Trump said, Hey listen, she supports sex changes for prisoners and illegals. And the media was like, oh my gosh, this is crazy. Fact check. That's all bullshit. Really played a video That they were standing in the way of of, of surgery For prisoners.


For prisoners. And there was a specific case. And when I learned about the case, I worked behind the scenes to not only make sure that that transgender woman got the services she was deserving So. it wasn't only about that case. I made sure that they changed the policy in the state of California so that every transgender inmate in the prison system would have access to the medical care that they desired and need. Am I making the point without being a tool here or am I overdoing it? The reason she had no soundbites is the media can't keep putting the soundbites out because she lied.


And every time they put the soundbites out, someone airs something like this and then people go, holy shit. She really did support sex changes for prisoners and illegals or the Cat day. Trump said, they're eating the cats. Let's do a TikTok video. And then people go look it up. And they're like, damn, there's a really bad immigration problem in Springfield, Ohio. If the soundbites were real and authentic and they caught Trump in a lie, the media be putting 'em all over. Look at Kamala Wreck Trump. But they're not doing it. Why? This is why Susan Glasser getting wrecked on Twitter at SBG one.


She knows Trump made history last night for sure. Insinuated. He's lying about the dogs and cat story. And then she writes where Trump insisting that the VP wants to do transgender operations on illegal aliens that are in jail. Like what an idiot Trump is off the off the top robes, macho man style, right? The top ropes. Can we get a top ropes and off the top ropes? Folks like this. Community notes off the top ropes again. Kamala Harris told the ACL U. She supports this policy. Quote, I support policies ensuring that federal prisoners and detainees are able to obtain medically necessary care for gender transition, including surgical care while incarcerated or detained.


Susan Glasser. You got, you got wrecked. You got wrecked again, is you? Was was, was I right or was I right? Just listen. You don't have to watch other show. You don't have to watch shows. Just watch here. You're way ahead. Gee, tell me I wasn't right. Come on. I know you like a skeptic. Tell me I wasn't right. Thank you. So it's so crazy that people believe what I. I know some of you doubted me the next day. I know you did. I could sense it And. I could sense it. And I know, gee, better than anyone I know. Gee, better than anyone outside of his wife and his parents. Gee was skeptical that he thought, ah, Dan's just trying to cover for Trump. I never provide cover for anyone.


I was right. I was absolutely right. The sound bites were shit and the snapshots were even worse. Tell me how she won. I'll show you here. I'll show you another one. Here's another tweet from Tim Murtaugh. This has to be the greatest correction of all time. Community notes from the top rope again. Tim Murtaugh put this at the time article. They had to correct their story. Quote, the original version of the story mischaracterizes false Trump's statement, accusing Harris of supporting transgender operations on illegal aliens in prison as a presidential candidate. In 2019, Harris filled out a questionnaire saying she supported taxpayer funded gender transition for detained Democrats.


The top row. The top row. You know what? You have a hall of fame You ever, this is a hall of fame level correction. Ladies and gentlemen. This is a, this is the big leg from Hogan. WE days. Remember the big leg? This is the leg drop, right on the, this is a, I told you man, I'll show you another one coming up next. Remember she said during the debate too, my economic plan, Goldman Sachs, why you're citing Goldman Sachs, by the way, I have no idea. I thought you hated Wall Street and all that stuff. Goldman Sachs and a lot of these economists who've been wrong and everything, she cites Goldman Sachs. She gets wrecked again.


You chuckleheads out there in the mainstream media. If you just listen, To my show, you'd be way ahead. You wouldn't have to embarrass yourself. Just give it a shot. Join the crew. We're taking over bone charge.


Hey, I've been using the infrared sauna blanket and red light face mask for a while. The red light face mask great for your skin, but it's got this nice little I, it helps me fall asleep too. That red light's a game changer. I, I've been using the sauna blanket for a while. It helps me with muscle recovery and sweating out a lot of garbage and heavy metals. It's easy to use. Just wrap yourself up and let the infrared heat work. It's magic. I've noticed a real difference. My sleep quality, my health. I showed you all my blood work. I've been my, my blood work's never been better. The red light face mask is equally impressive as well. It helps improve your skin. It helps me go to sleep and reduce inflammation. And I. I had a, obviously an issue with cancer and stuff and inflammation's a real problem for me. So I take a lot of supplements. And, I use a lot of red light therapy for it. I feel great for me. Skin feels smoother too. Looks more vibrant. Overall tones even down. It's like having one of these spot treatments right in your own home. Paula absolutely loves it. So if you're thinking of trying them out, you're in luck. Head to bone charge.com/ Bonino. Check out all their products. By the way, use code Bonino at checkout. You'll get 15% off. Both of these products have made a huge impact in my life. Think about blue light blocker glasses to help you sleep at night. A whole bunch of life hack stuff. It's my home for life hack. Use code Bonino at B-O-N-C-H-A-R-G-E bon charge.com/ Bonino and save 15%. Check 'em out today. Really great stuff. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the fda. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition.


Alright, back to the show. So sorry to keep repeating myself, but some people just don't. Listen. I told you the soundbites were bad. That's why there are no memorable moments for Kamala. She brought up the fact that Goldman Sachs says her inflation producing economic plan, which we've witnessed for the last four years, is somehow gonna be different in the next four years. The Goldman Sachs CEO had an entirely different take. Turns out it wasn't even their thing. It was some independent analyst and the guy's like, that's not what we said at all. Check this out. Let's talk some politics debate was last night. Not sure if you had a chance to see it or not. Your own economic team, Of course has made news of late suggesting that the bigger boost to growth would come from the Harris Economic plan, at least over the first couple of years.


She mentioned it last night. You feel the same. So that report, which was mentioned last night in the debate, came from an independent analyst. And it's, it's interesting, Scott, I think a lot more has been made of this than should be date. Nothing she told you was true, bro. Nothing. Everything Trump said that he was fact checked on was correct. Now people are finding this out because of stupid Ds on TikTok who think it's funny. Eating the dogs, eating the cats, eating the cats, eating the, they think this is funny.


They don't realize people are gonna go, go look this up and they're gonna be like, oh my gosh, there's an invasion going on in Springfield, Ohio and Kamala Harris is the borders. Are you really? You you, you really thought this was a w man. You're dumber than you look dumb asses. That's why Trump's numbers are getting better, not worse after the debate. As we said folks, even CNN got in on the action. Don't even ask me about that. I, I think here's what happened here. CNN and Tapper who they did the the last debate, they must realize that A, B, C did themselves no favors and did the media no favors at all.


'cause there'll probably never be another mainstream left wing media debate without a conservative moderator on the panel. There just won't. A BC was disgusting. David Moir and sorority sister Lindsay humiliated the entire country by running cover for Karis. I know a lot of you can ask me in the chat, what are you gonna ask me? Fire away. You are gonna say, damn, why aren't you talking about the story that a BC leaked the questions? Because folks, I, I can't say this enough. I do not wanna be first and wrong. I can't confirm the story yet. The allegations out there, I wouldn't be surprised.


But when I'm sure it's true, I'll put it out there until then. But the story is out there that they got the questions in advance or sample questions. I don't know that yet. I'd rather be last than right. And I encourage you to do the same thing. 'cause if you go out there and we'd run with it and the story turns out to be fake, it's a big face plan for us. However, if we just wait a few more days and get confirmation, the story pretty much ends the mainstream media debate, debate thing for good and, and we'll almost likely end Kamala Harris's campaign. It'll be over. It's no harm in waiting. So let's just make sure we're not getting set up. Some of the people putting out the story of ties to the different folks. If you know what I mean, I think Tapper got in on the action here because he understands the damage done that the media just disgrace themselves with this last debate.


Here's CNN getting in on the action, doing their own fact check. And I'm gonna ask you a question again, the same one I asked the next morning when everyone was telling me Kamala won. Does this look like a win to you? Check this out. Vice President Harris began the debate by punting the first question on the economy. Do you believe Americans are better off that? They were four years ago? So I was raised as a middle class kid. And I am actually the only person on this stage who has a plan that is about lifting up the middle class and working people of America. It went on from there. Despite the economy being the number one issue facing the country, the sitting vice president generally reverted to talking points about a few of her policy proposals.


Even Harris allies today are saying that she needs to talk more about what she will do for Americans if elected Senator Bernie Sanders will be here in a second to talk about more about the need for her to fill in some of those blanks on the border. Another vulnerable issue for Harris, she also dodged, Would you have done anything differently from President Biden numbness? So I'm the only person on this stage who has prosecuted transnational criminal organizations for the trafficking of guns, drugs, and human beings. Okay, that wasn't the question Folks. That's CNN. Tell me again how this was a big, as gee calls it dub a big WA big win.


How did you not see this the next day? I'm not talking to you. I know you guys all believed me. I appreciate it. My loyal audience. You guys are the best in the business. I mean it written even a close second. I told you this the next day. How is this a win? What did she say? What did she say that changed your mind? How are you gonna fix the border crisis you guys created? I was the Libba who prosecutor, you did nothing. No one believes you. You were the, you were in charge of San Francisco and California and they're in crime decay. I Think it's a win because they used to have Biden there. They yeah, you know what? That's a good point.


They probably 'cause of the framing and having Biden blow it. So bad thought because like they didn't lose a thousand dollars. They only lost 500 that it was a win. That's actually a good point. I mean it, he's right. It was so bad last time the foil effect took over and they were like, we must have won because she wasn't Biden. I wanna show you another one. Lemme take a quick break, but let's get to hat tip to Great Maze Moore on X. Some of the best clips out there by the way, it gets even worse. Can you imagine boasting about an endorsement from Dick Cheney? Dick Cheney? I'm telling you, I think Donald Trump should be promoting the Dick Cheney endorsement of Kamala Harris.


Kamala Harris is too big. Endorsements are who? Dick Cheney and Vladimir Putin that that's a conspiracy. Look it up, please, please, liberals on my show. Don't take my word for it. I'm actually begging you on Bended Knee. Please don't take my word for it. Just look it up. The guy you called Satan and a guy getting ready to start World War III endorsed your gal. Oh yeah, hat tip Maze for putting this together. They're really proud of this endorsement by the way. Huge, huge w folks. This win was a huge w this debate. Check this out. I actually have the endorsement of former Vice President, Dick Cheney.


Dick Cheney and Satan. That's next. The STH Lord is back Like a demon. It rises Against Dick Cheney, Darth Vader, Satan, thank you to Satan for giving me inspiration on how to play this role. We don't need Dick Cheney. Dick Cheney was Jane. It was dangerous that war off I, the only thing, the only thing you got do is just be better than Dick Cheney. I like to see Dick Cheney do exposed, he's a liar. I Actually have the endorsement of former Vice President Dick Cheney. They're proud of this. This was the high point of their debate. Getting an endorsement from a guy they refer to as Satan, who is equally disliked by MAGA conservatives and people on the left and in the media.


This is the bad. Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin, and Dick Cheney by the way. I just get an email from some dipshit Ned Parker at Reuters. Ned, I hope you're watching the show, Ned. First off, you are obviously looking to play media traps, but you're too stupid because you're a journalist. Hey Dan, I'm a reporter with Reuters and I'm seeking comment with you. Basically some guy who's threatening public officials. Fellas, how many times have we told people political violence is absolutely an unacceptable red line? We shouldn't cross any guesses. 6 million maybe. I think you're underestimate. I think we're in the trillions by now. We've done a series of interviews with this man. So basically, here's what they do.


Ned, you can go fuck yourself because you obviously are an embarrassment to your parents. You probably tell people that they have no living kids. I know what you're trying to do. You found some crazy guy doing something. I tell people not to do. And what you're trying to do is you're trying to take us down by insinuating that somehow we had something to do with this. I will give you no comments. You can listen, To, my show and my comment to you is to go fuck yourself. 'cause you're a lying sack of shit. Who won't acknowledge that? If you just did some research on my show, you could pull probably honestly close to a hundred, to 150 clips in the last two years of me telling people, you're not welcome on my show. If you believe in political violence, there's my comment. Fuck stick you piece of shit. And by the way, here, let me read some of these.


Ned, here's some from some of your supporters in the left wing media. Hey Dan, what's wrong with the world? You're a shit filled cunt. Sping bullshit for personal gain. I hope you die soon. You stupid bastard. Here's another one. I wonder what meant by that. I wonder what? Yeah, this is from your supporters, Ned in the left wing media telling people that people like me are Nazis and stuff. You inciting violence. Here's another one. It's one. If one of your followers shoots and kill someone that you, you have bagged on your show, would you feel responsible after they find out it was false, what you said, here's another one. Where are you located? Let's go little bitch. What's new? Fuck tar. Did your cancer come back yet? Ned, did you interview this guy?


Fuck stick. And ask him why you keep writing bad stuff about me here. Here's another one ready to take me up on my offer to f your wife so she can actually achieve orgasm. That's Tyler h. Here's another one. Mark PI live down the street from you, asshole. Fuck you. Traitor. How about that Ned? Have you interviewed any of these people? Have you told those people political violence is no good. So Ned, you can go fuck yourself. And I encourage you to listen. To my you want, we should respond to him on the air. Hold on. Should we? Let's give him the link to the show. How do you guys feel? Hold on, we'll read this in a second. Let's respond. Tell him we will Pin His comment. We'll pin his comment. Yes. Okay, dear Ned, I'm writing this right now.


Ned Parker, folks Dear Ned, watch my show here. We currently, we're currently, sorry, discussing your bullshit. Okay? Check out Ned's article, this history Here, Ned. We have it. We have it from Ned here. Here's Ned's. Here's Ned Parker, who's again, parents tell people they have no living children Trump's attacks on his trial. Judges trigger widespread calls for violence. Judges and Trump related cases face unprecedented wave of threats, threat to US federal judges double since 2021.


Driven by policy. Does Ned have any articles about Antifa burning down cities? What about BLM? What about the Steve Scalise shooting? What about Donald Trump getting attacked in the head? What? What about Donald Trump getting shot in the head? Is he ridden an article yet? Ned, fuck you. That's my comment. Go fuck yourself. And if I'm telling you right now, I'm gonna tell you I am not a litigious guy at all. But I swear to you motherfucker, you write some shit outta line and you don't cite the fact that this show has repeatedly, repeatedly called out political violence over and over stating it's a red line we should never cross. And, and also repeating that I'm the only guy in this interaction that's actually put his life on the line for both Democrat and Republican presidents.


I will absolutely bury you in fucking litigation. You will never get out of you piece of shit. Fuck you Ned Parker. You fucked with the wrong guy. You dare try to pin this on me. I don't know these people. And if they listen To my show and don't hear political violence is a no-Go and do something crazy and while I'm getting threats, you won't take responsibility for it. Go fuck yourself. I hope you're listening now you're piece of shit. And by the way, my audience is thousands of times larger than yours. I will never let this go. You'll be a laughing stock forever.


Like that other asshole at NBC Dan Arkin who when I warned people Trump was gonna get shot or killed because of secret service lapses, said I was a conspiracy theorist. You are next. I'll make you a laughing stock forever. You dare, dare don't. If you do not quote my, show me repeatedly calling this out. I will make sure that your reputation is finished. So where I get a conservative credit card? That's a good point. Gee, I should probably take a quick break right now. I just hate these however much you hate these media people. It's not enough folks. They're such scum.


Hey listen, the number one question I get from listeners, how can I get in a conservative fight? It's critical to know where your dollars are going. Many credit card companies are funneling money to left-wing causes and candidates hoping you don't notice. But now you have a choice. Coin, C-O-I-G-N is America's conservative credit card. Find 'em at coin.com. C-O-I-G-N With every transaction you hope Coin advanced conservative causes and charities at no cost to you. Coin empowers us to take back our country with every swipe and it's a great looking credit card you'll take pride in using it's bright red. With we the people on the front coin works everywhere. Visa is accepted and comes with a 100% US-based customer service. And cus and consumer protections, it's the only card worthy of your wallet. Start earning cash back while fighting the liberal agenda today. Apply now@coin.com. That's COIG n.com. Be sure to select Dan Bonino when the how'd you hear about a section terms apply, go to coin.com/disclosures for full details. I met the guys in charge of that company. Great company also.


Jen, you sell just as your skin get beat up in the summer. A lot of people said, especially down here in Florida. Here's Stephanie from Santa Cruz, California. I have skin damage from years in the sun. Love this genus cell product that helps reduce the appearance of the various discolorations and leaves my skin looking younger. Great. Even at my age, Stephanie's raving about the genus cell skincare dark spot corrector A must have. Now after months of record heat and time in the sun, sun spots, brown spots, discoloration, even red inflamed patches could all disappear in front of your very eyes. The Genus Cell skincare guarantee is amazing. You'll see results the very first day guaranteed or your money back. So take advantage of the genus cell current most popular package, which includes all the classic genus cell bags and puffiness treatment and immediate effects. All in about 70% off. So you can try the best skincare in the world for yourself completely risk free. It's that simple. Go to genus cell.com/dan today and start looking years, even decades younger tomorrow. GENU c.com/dan is a special gift. Every package order includes a limited edition spa with two skincare essentials absolutely free. With your order now, check 'em out. G-E-N-U-C-L genus sell.com/dan genus sell.com/dan.


I wanna say one more time to Ned Parker from Reuters actual malice. Pay very close attention to the Sarah Palin New York Times case right now. If you do not quote the fact that I have repeatedly called out political violence and insist on writing an article falsely in a defamatory way blaming me for someone I've never met Psychopathological problems, I promise you will regret it for the rest of your life. I will never stop legally pursuing you. I'm just warning you right now. You've been warned in advance. I've told you that the materials out there for you to do your journalistic work on about my condemnations of political violence. If you refuse to do it and still insist I incite political violence when I've done the opposite, I will play this clip in a courtroom and you will rule the day.


You tied me to this bullshit. Trying to shred, trying to shred your own dignity. You've been warned when this clip's playing in the courtroom, I'm gonna laugh in your face. You dare, dare try to pin that on me. I hate these people. I absolutely hate them. They are the worst. They're they. They're the, these are the same idiots who told you again. Kamala Harris won this debate folks, what about our tax cut bs, right? You know what, let me play the Rand clip First. Rand Paul was on CNBC the day Kamala Harris has a tax plan so disastrous that Rand Paul's summed it up. The only way you can sum it up to tax unrealized gains is like going in the store to buy a bag of Doritos like Kamala Harris says she loves and then get asked being asked to pay a sales tax even though you changed your mind and didn't buy it.


Say you go in and you go, ah, I'm on a diet And. I don't need 'em. Folks, that's 32 cents in sales tax. I didn't buy the Doritos. It doesn't matter. You were gonna, do You understand? That's what an unrealized tax hike is. It's a hike and a tax rate for a stock and a house you didn't sell. Wait, what do you mean I gotta pay taxes on my house every year And stocks I didn't sell? Yes. Here's Rand Paul on it. And then she also said that the Trump tax cuts benefited the rich. This is so easy to discredit. If you do a second of research, play to Rand Paul thing first. You know, I'm supportive of Donald Trump. I I think there's no question that Donald Trump is better than than Kamala Harris on this.


And you know, one is basically an argument for socialism. I think the idea of taxing unrealized gains is not only moronic, it's so destructive that it should be disqualified. She should be disqualified from any thoughtful person considering her. The fact that they would consider taxing unrealized gains. Are we gonna tax my house? How am I gonna pay taxes since my house is worth twice as much as it used to be worth? Where am I gonna come with the money? I mean, that's just crazy. But the same would happen to stocks as well. Listen to me. If you wanna pay taxes, not talking about local property taxes used to fund local things, that's real property. I'm talking about a tax on the economic gain of your home that hasn't materialized 'cause you haven't sold it, then definitely vote for Kamala Harris.


It's a real plan. Her waiver saying it's only for rich people is the exact same thing they said about the income tax when it first started. You're paying that, aren't you? It always filters down to the middle class. It would destroy the stock market. Kamala Harris also said one of the dumbest things possible that even if you're a dumb ass liberal dude, eating the dogs, eating the cats, putting out a dopey TikTok song, making a bunch of Americans go look at the illegal immigration problem in Springfield and you think it's a W, you could look this up too. Kamala Harris said the Trump tax cuts were only for the rich. This took about maybe 10 seconds.


Again, I'm using the New York Times. Why? Because unlike dumb asses like Ned Parker from Reuters too fucking stupid to get their heads into a cranial rec dichotomy outta their asses. And s engaging in consistent defamatory behavior. Don't even send me your stupid emails anymore. I have no comment from media people at all. I hate you all. You're all losers and dipshits. I don't want anything to do with you. This is the New York Times, so don't accuse me of bias. Headline. Face it. You probably got a tax cut. Studies consistently find that the Trump tax cuts basically cut taxes for most Americans. This is the headline, the 2017 tax law.


They note quote, New York Times. If you're an American taxpayer, you probably got a tax cut last year and there's a good chance you don't believe it. They Frame it as this. This was a disaster. They did. Again, they framed the story as if this is like you getting a tax cut is a bad thing. What a tough, but Kamala Harris told you that's a lie that you didn't get a tax cut, but you did. I don't know how many times I gotta, can you just save this in like an evergreen file folks? Here's Investopedia notice. I've used no right wing sources yet. Investopedia is not a political site at all. It's Investopedia. It's about investments. It has nothing to do with politics.


What, Is, the Tax, Cuts and Jobs Act, IE, the Trump tax cuts. Here's how your rates fell. There are seven individual attack brackets. The richest rate was the the rich, the top, you know, 1% plus they paid 39.6, they gotta cut to 37%. So they got a 2.6 point cut. The next, the really wealthy people below them, they basically got a one point cut from 33 to 32. I thought the commons of the middle class didn't get anything. Well, it turns out the upper middle class got a cut from 28% tax rate to 24. That's the biggest cut of all. The middle class got a three point break from 25 to 22.


The 15% bracket, which is the lower middle class, went from 15 to 12. The lowest bracket remained at 10. The 35% bracket was unchanged. You can look this up yourself, dude. The middle class got the biggest tax cuts of all three and four percentage points of the income. Nothing she told you was true. Nothing she told you was true. Nothing. Zero. Just like Ned Parker, Ned Parker. Why do, why do they always seem Ned? These guys like Ned, these these D bags Ned. Seriously? Do you have anyone who acknowledges knowing you?


Well, they all pretend when they see you that it was just some random interaction. Like if you're in the supermarket and you're there getting like an order of bologna or something for your bologna sandwiches and you, you say, Hey, you wanna take a selfie? Does that person go, ah, I'm good. Do they say that? Because they don't wanna be in a picture. I'm just asking that. Look at on our bad side, Holmes, especially if you're gonna defame us, our audience is far bigger than yours. I know that bothers you that nobody reads your shit and the most famous day of your life is right now. Don't toy with us, you defame us. We're gonna make sure that we take all proper protections. You understand? As predicted, by the way, Trump had the soundbites.


That's why Trump won the debate. You can laugh all you want. The data's on our side. Trump won the debate because all the soundbites worked in his favor. Here's the Seattle Times getting wrecked from the top ropes. Community notes again. Do we have an emoji for that? In the chat? Whenever community notes wreck someone from the top ropes, we need a macho man. Remember macho man Savage from the top rows Trump the oh oh, that's the rock, isn't it? Is that looks like the, is that the people's elbow? The people's elbow. The people's elbow. The look at it. The bra bull. The people's elbow. I'm a macho man guy myself, but whatever. I'll take it for now. Here's the Seattle Times on Twitter getting wrecked by community notes.


Trump falsely claimed during the presidential debate Tuesday, the protestors took over a big portion of Seattle during the chop protest. Oh, he falsely claimed that. Community notes from the top ropes. The Seattle Times themselves have reported on the very real incident in June of 2020 where violent protestors forcefully took control of a portion of Seattle's Capitol Hill area. Does the ch dub, the Chaz or the chop from the top? From the top ropes again that didn't work out, didn't work out so good for the Seattle Slimes did it. Here's Chy on Twitter from Red State. They made fun of him. The press about talking about Abdul, remember Abdul from the Taliban who he showed him the picture of his house, which I told you was the soundbite of the night and a bunch of swampy left soundbite of the night.


Trump now talking about some guy Abdul, the press was like, we don't know any Abdul hell's he talking about Abdul. So BCI Of course brought the receipts and you'll see that Abdul is in fact a real person and was in fact the negotiator. Yeah, for the Taliban. Here's Forbes. It's unclear who Trump was referring to. And then they go on to tell you who he was referring to. It's unclear he was referring to, but he was likely referring to one of the Taliban's negotiators. Abdul Gani. Bahar. Sorry, was that the ha? Which one? Here we go. Here. No, here, here's another one. It's not clear. He is referring to, and then they tell you who he was referring to. Again, folks, Trump had the soundbites.


Trump had the soundbites. There he is right there. There's a Google search. Google a communist company. Taliban founders, Abdul Gotti Barar, right? Who who could have pokey have possibly been talking to? Tell me again how Trump lost by the way the average voters saw through the bullshit the moderators. Have they agreed to another debate with Trump? I mean, I mean, I know, I, I know Kamala, Harris is trying to like do this whole, I need another one to rescue myself from the other bad debate. But is David Weir and Lindsay Davis, if they done have they, you should. Are they? Maybe they should debate him again.


Here we find out in this clip that was recently on earth, that one of the debaters, not moderators, the debaters, Lindsay Davis, who was debating Trump and got wrecked with ridiculous fact checks that turned out to be wrong, making herself look like the k Crowley of our time. Some of you get that. Here's Lindsay Davis admitting she was a sorority sister of Kamala Harris. That's a perfect choice, perfect choice for someone to moderate a debate right here. Listen to yourself. Lindsey Davis. Robin Roberts is right. It's a sorority thing. I don't understand it all. So you have to explain it to everybody. You're a sorority sister of Kamala Harris, right? Well, you know, pearls are a symbol of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Incorporated, which she pledge while she was at Howard University. Oh my gosh.


Sorority sisters. What? I'm sure you're gonna get an independent moderator there. I'm, I'm absolutely positive. I gotta tell you what, I got a a, a best friend of mine's a really good guy. He's a local orthodontist. He's a cool cat. If I ever run for office again, I suggest we go ask him. Arvin, you wanna debate? You wanna, you wanna be the debate moderator? I'm sure a b cd Have no problem with that. Here's the LA Times. Try to run cover for her Of course. 'cause they know this is gonna come out. Lindsay Davis held Trump's feet to the fire. How she became a rising star. You don't think the public sees through this Ned and ou other dipshits in the mainstream media. Why is it that nobody's listening to you? Your audience is going down as our audience keeps exploding. Why are we the number one news stream in the world on any given day and in the United States just about every day?


Why is that? Have you asked yourself that, Ned? Why? Nobody respects you, but everybody's here watching. The answer is because we're right and you've been consistently wrong. Well, you to watch this again. We heard JD Vance too, by the way. What, what? What did we hear? JD Vance. Oh my gosh, he's so weird, right? What a terrible VP candidate, which is really strange because all his clips keep going viral and everybody I talk to on the road is like, man, I love JD Vance the way he exposes these media communists all day. It's freaking amazing. It's so strange. It's like the liberal media goons live with this entirely different Truman show where they kind of like are suspicious something's wrong.


Everyone's around them though is lying and telling 'em everything's okay. Despite all the information polls trust in the media going down. Here's JD Vance with our, it was he, the bronze medal winner with our bronze medal winner in the dopey media talking head Olympics, the absolutely hapless whiny male, Karen John Carl, a total life loser, getting annihilated again by a much smarter individual with actual life experience who isn't a fake news journalist. JD Vance. I want you to watch him get absolutely wrecked in the spin room. Check this out. Well, Let me ask you about this. We're just, just very quickly, I heard Donald Trump before this debate, describe Kamala Harris as I'll just read a few of them. A low IQ individual, somebody who doesn't have the mental capacity to be president.


Really dumb, unable to put two sentences together. Is that what you saw on the stage tonight, John? what I saw was a lot of slogans. I think the American people are smart and Kamala Harris talks to them like their children. She repeats these ridiculous platitudes where if you actually think about what she said, you realize that it doesn't make any sense. She talks a lot about her plans, but then her plans when you analyze the substance don't make any sense. And more importantly, John, the American people don't get fed on plans. She has been the vice president for three and a half years. What she can't do, refuses to do and has no ability to do, is to say, okay, I accomplished lower prices because she didn't.


Or I accomplished lower housing prices because she didn't. Or I secured the southern border. 'cause she didn't do that. She is failed as vice president. And the fundamental question is, do we want to give her a promotion? I think the answer has to be no. John, Ugh, elbows in the chat again, Eva. Elbows in the chat. Elbows in the chat. I know we usually reserve it for community notes. This is the best VP pick we have had in in 2, 3, 4 decades. The guy's incredible. The guy can't lose in a debate because he's got asymmetrical advantages in that he's smart. And media people are generally morons, almost overwhelmingly morons. They've never had real jobs like Ned. You think Ned should be our token media moron from now on?


Guys, what do you think? Should we, I think so, right? Don't even ask me that question. He should have known better emailing me Disinformation like that. Listen, I wanna give kind of a serious segment, but it is a Friday. And I wanna leave you with kind of a little bit of a PSA folks. The world is changing and if a world war, I'm not saying World War ii, but if a World War or some semblance of it, we're even a few large countries get engaged in a war and if were to hit our home, soil war's gonna look a lot different. A lot different. I have been writing about this threat in my books for decades now and talking about it on the air. The threat of drone warfare right now is, is here.


It's not coming. It's here. And the problem with drone warfare is drone warfare is cheap. It's not million dollar missiles. Some of these things you could do for 500 bucks or less. And the problem with drone warfare is they're airborne and human beings can't fly. Well, Dan, you're oversimplifying it. No, I'm not. You can engage a target on the ground because it's on the ground when you're aerial and you have no obstructions because there's no obstructions in the sky, unlike the ground trees and buildings and you have the high ground, you have almost no chance of surviving. I wanna show you a couple of these videos. These are taken from war zones and places. These are two quick ones.


Here's one of a drone chasing two guys in a combat zone who are trying to shoot the drone down with, with a coalition, ofoff rifles. And they keep me play that video if you can. They eventually wind up throwing the rifle at the drone. Folks, this is what, look at this thing. That's like a probably a hundred, $200 drone or something like that. And he's, they're wasting all this ammo and what winds up happening, they barely survive because the guy winds up throwing his weapon, his rifle at the drone, which you'll see at the end, this is what warfare is gonna look like if would it come to our saw, because it's what it looks there. It's what it looks like right now. This is scary stuff.


I wanna show you another one here. You know what Thermite is? It's a highly, highly flammable compound. You dump on whatever you dump it on, it's gonna melt right through and start fires. They have drones now that are dumping thermite on enemy positions and forests and setting basically forest fires. Imagine doing this in a neighborhood on people's roofs and in their houses. Again, this isn't the kind of stuff you're watching the video right now. If you're listening on Apple and Spotify, go to the show and go skip to the end. This is happening right now. This is what war is gonna look like if it were to come here because it's what war looks like right now. Another reason to be very cautious about what goes on in the future and tactical decisions we make.


I know there's mitigation strategies for this stuff, but they're not gonna be, if you don't have birdshot and you're not really good aiming that drum isn't fast, you're not gonna stand the chance, man. Alright, I had a couple more. I had a Juujitsu video too. I'll play it for you hopefully next week. Got a bunch of stuff I didn't even get to, but folks, thanks again for tuning in. I really appreciate it. And Ned, you don't play our clips talking about the warnings about political violence. I'm gonna play this cut for you in court someday. So I'm just, you've been warned, buddy. You're gonna be our token media guy from now on. I hope you're happy. Pick the wrong audience, dude. We don't take that shit. Folks, thanks again for everything.


If you wanna check out my Tucker interview, please go to his podcast and take a listen. I think you'll enjoy it. Also, favor, please, for the weekend. I'm just asking this, I, I really need this for please download the Rumble app. We have been blowing up, we took over debate night coverage. It is absolutely free. Download the app, follow the Dan Bongino Show, or go to Rumble dot com slash Bonino. Click that green follow button. It is absolutely free. Rumble Premium. If you don't want ads, you can pay and you'll see no ads. However, watching the show is free. Also, give us a follow on Apple and Spotify. We, we just consistently keep finishing at the top of the charts. Thanks to you Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Thanks so much. See you on the radio show here in Rumble in a little bit. And back here on Monday at 11:00 AM They're eating the dogs.


They're eating the cats. Eat the cat. Eat. Eat the cat. Eat the cat. They're eating the dogs. They're eating the cats. Eat the, they're eating the dogs. They're eating the cats. Eat the cats.