
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. Folks, it's all happening. It's all coming out. You know, I, I say it a lot 'cause I'm excited about doing the show and being here with you every day. But today's one of those shows. That means a lot to me personally. It'll all make sense in a few minutes. I promise you. There is a project, a research project I've been working on for a long time. This U-S-A-I-D story, this deep state slush fund where your taxpayer dollars are being used to f you over censor, you engage in anti-American activities around the world, is part of a massive story.


And a connection was made last night by investigative reporter Michael Shellenberger, which ties into this project I've been working on forever. This stuff is gonna blow your mind. How Ukraine, the deep state, U-S-A-I-D, the impeachment hoax. The collusion hoax, they are all related. I just need you to do one thing for me. Follow the money. Don't go in, call your friends right now. 'cause your minds are about to be totally blown about what I'm gonna tell you. I have been saying this for years. All of it. The spying scandal, the collusion hoax, the impeachment hoax, the Intel officials, Ukraine, it's all tied to the same people.


Get ready. It's a lot coming at you, so get your pens out.


Blackout coffee, drink a cup. Visit blackout coffee.com/bonino. Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order.


Today's show also brought to you by Lumen. I've been using Lumen because I love life hacks folks. Anything can make my life better, my metabolism function better. I'm gonna take advantage of, you know, when your me metabolism is working right, you can feel the benefits in every aspect of your life. I found a great tool helps give me insights into how to create an effective, better metabolism for my body. It's called Lumen, L-U-M-E-N. Lumen iss one of the world's first handheld metabolic coaches. It's a device, it's easy to use, can help measure your metabolism through your breath. And on the app, it lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs. It provides tailored guidance to help you improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and stress management. It's done wonders for me, tailoring my life. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning. It's that simple. It'll analyze your metabolism indicating whether you're burning fat or carbs. It's important. Then Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for that day. Based on your measurements. Take the next step and improve your wellness. Go to lumen.me/bonino to get 20% off your lumen. That's LUM n.me not.com. Lumen do me slash bonino lumen me slash bonino for 20% off your purchase. Great product statements of products have not been evaluated by the FD. They not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition.


All right, fellas, let's blow some minds right here, guys. Ladies, as I say, often, I, I wrote a book. I profit off a book. I'm a capitalist. I'm also gonna tell you again 'cause I can't say I don't give a shit. If you buy it, get it from the library. I promise you, I'm not trying to sell you anything. But this is important. This is a project I've been working on for a long time, okay? This was my book, follow the Money. I wrote this book years ago, but the book has been blowing up the charts again. It was a bestseller again because everything I wrote in here is now coming out with this U-S-A-I-D scandal with these dark pools of money.


I'm gonna get to it in a second. I actually dog ear to page stuff I had underlined a long time ago, and I'm gonna show you how we were way, way, way ahead of this thing. This story a long time ago. I wanna hot tip someone first here who did basically uncovered something explosive. This is new information, okay? The U-S-A-I-D books getting opened up when Elon Musk and Doge cracked open the books for the government, they found, for those of you missed it, we've been covering it over the last few days. But just a quick recap. They got, they basically were like bookkeepers that came in there for the first time and started looking at how the United States government's effing you over taking your money and giving it to people with no accountability.


So the Doge people and Musk crew, they go in there and they find out that this group called U-S-A-I-D, the Agency for International Development is basically a deep state slush fund giving money basically to lefties and commies and everybody who hates you. The story's really that simple. The details are complicated. The story is not, that is what is going on. That's why there's a collective freakout going on with the Democrats storming U-S-A-I-D headquarters screaming, you can't look at where we're spending this money. We've been screwing you over your own tax dollars forever. Now their line is, it's only a $40 billion budget. $40 billion. Do you understand?


Kamala's entire presidential campaign was just over a billion. You could fund 40 left wing communist presidential campaigns for the amount of money being stolen from you given to left wing insane groups. How does this relate to this project? Let me play this first, and I want you to pay very close attention to this. Let me establish the bluff, the bottom line up front, folks, I've been telling you for, gosh, now close to eight years, maybe more since I wrote the initial book Spygate, the collusion hoax that Donald Trump colluded with the Russians to steal an election up. Obviously hop fabricated hoax. You know that the impeachment hoax afterwards that Donald Trump made a call to Ukraine and said, give us dirt on Joe Biden, or we're not gonna give you all this other stuff.


The Spygate hoax, the spying operation on Donald Trump, that's, that actually happened. And the Hunter Biden laptop intel thing and Ukraine are all the same people. They're protecting a massive piggy bank. U-S-A-I-D has a lot to do with, and Ukraine has a ton to do with it too. Listen to the U-S-A-I-D connection to the impeachment hoax that the great Michael Shellenberger uncovered. He talked about it last night on Jesse Waters show. This is gonna tie in to this whole fiasco, but listen to this first, check this out. You have this New piece on Substack that the U-S-A-I-D and the CIA helped orchestrate Trump's impeachment.


Yeah, I mean, Jesse, it's a crazy story. I mean, you might forget that, you know, the House of Representatives impeached President Trump in December of 2019. Many people may may not remember that it was a CIA analyst who was left over from the Obama White House who wrote the memo that led to the impeachment. It was all based on hearsay. The person had not actually been in the room with Trump. Nonetheless, this memo that he wrote relied heavily on a report done by an organization funded by U-S-A-I-D. In fact, its initial founding funding. I mean, now it's tens of millions of dollars had gone into this group called the Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project and a, a name that's not very memorable, O-C-C-R-P, but it was basically created as an extension of the State Department and then of SAID.


And as you know, Jesse, this is very serious to be involved in an effort to do regime change at home. As we've been discovering, as the files have come out with the what Elon Musk has been doing, we know that USAU USAID was really about regime change abroad. It was a kind of public facing part, you know, regime change operation like CIA, but not covert, more overt. Well now you see a similar blowback, just like they did censorship abroad and brought censorship tools back home. They were doing this sort of thing abroad, creating a predicate essentially for Trump's impeachment. The hell just happened last night.


All the credit in the world to Michael Shellenberger. This new angle to an old story is such a massive piece of the puzzle that like the puzzle didn't make sense until this big huge piece was plugged in. So now we know that U-S-A-I-D was basically funding regime change in the United States to get rid of Donald Trump taking an international pool of money where they were basically a carve out for intel operations around the world to engage in regime change and anti-American activity overseas.


That this U-S-A-I-D outfit money went to a media outlet, that's the one he's talking about that produces this fake report about Donald Trump and his call to Ukraine. The fake report is incited by the whistleblower who files a report with the Inspector General for the intelligence community, and that leads to the entire Donald Trump impeachment fiasco. The problem is the whole story's fake. The whole story's fake. The whistleblower didn't even hear the call. Now, where does the book come in again? The book is called Follow the Money.


This project has been on my mind. I I, I had an episode taken off of Apple censored because I talked about this story. If you go to page 1 35 of the book, I know it's hard to see there, but there's a chapter called The Mole. The Mole chapter is all about this entire thing in intricate detail. What happened? So the whistleblower that he's talking about, so follow me here. This is not complicated, but the show's a little deep today, A whistleblower calls the Inspector General of the United States for the Intel community, says Donald Trump did a quid pro quo on a call with Ukraine. The whistleblower is not on the call.


The information cited in the report, the whistleblower makes that the information is taken from A-U-S-A-I-D funded media propaganda piece, meaning U-S-A-I-D and our tax dollars are funding propaganda to engage in marine in regime change. Here's where the book comes in. This is page 1 36 in the chapter of the mole, talking about the whistleblower. This guy Chia Marella, he first arrived at the White House during the Obama administration. Interesting. So he's an Obama holdover, worked as Ukraine director on the National Security Council. Wow. Shit, I would've never guessed the whistleblower had some interest in Ukraine, which was a piggy bank for people like Joe Biden and everyone else.


Can't hurt that piggy bank. Donald Trump's asking questions about Ukraine. We better file a report. Where are we gonna get the information for the report? I don't know, maybe U-S-A-I-D could fund a media outlet to give us some fake shit. Ho ho man. He was so, he was a Ukraine director on the National Security Council, a position later filled by our good friend Twinkies, Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Binman. Remember Finman, you can call me a lieutenant. Remember him? The whistleblower, chiia Marella, a multilingual Ivy League graduate had also worked with, no way, Dan, how did you write this in the book?


Had worked with former Vice President Joe Biden and former CIA director, John Brennan. Paul Sperry has done amazing work, footnoted and credited in this book at length. By the way, one more, one more for you. You, this only gets better. And by better I mean worse is whole. You could read the whole chapter if you like. I gonna read the whole day more. The whistleblower here who got his information, apparently according to Shellen Berger's reporting, and by the way, there are lawsuits threatened about this. This operation is saying this is not what happened. Put out. Let's hear from you. Send us an email.


I'll read your statement on the air. Shellenberger and them are standing by their reporting. They're saying there's a connection here. We'll see what happens. It's also noted, I read in a book that Chiia Marella, the alleged whistleblower here, worked with Alexandra Chalupa. She was the Ukrainian American consultant for the Democrat National Committee, who was one of the leading mudslingers of Russiagate Dirt. And the rumors Chalupa was obsessed with Manafort. She met Chiia Marella, the whistleblower at the White House as far back as 2015 folks, is this thing all making sense? Now?


You're not reading this man, you're making a huge mistake. I have been working on this forever. That's just one piece of one chapter called The Mole. You've read the first chapter, insane in Ukraine, lays out how Soros who I got. I, I've got a guy coming on, Matt Palumbo, he's my editor, Bon Gino report on my radio show later who wrote the entire book on Soros in U-S-A-I-D and all this other stuff he's coming on later. If Shallenberger's reporting turns out to be accurate, I have no reason to believe it won't. That a media outlet may have been funded by U-S-A-I-D money to provide information that was later used in an IG report by a whistleblower.


And the information turned out to be hyperbolic at best and used to impeach Donald Trump in order to protect Biden and everyone else's piggy bank in Ukraine. Folks. Now do you see why Donald Trump is calling this the scandal of the century, the funding of media outlets by U-S-A-I-D money? Go read his true social. Do you think this guy's an idiot? He beats you guys three times in a row. Okay. Donald Trump knows full well that the deep state slush fund of U-S-A-I-D funding media outlets to provide information later used for potential regime change at home is probably the biggest political scandal of our time.


Please get the book. There's libraries. Your friends may have it. There are a lot of copies out there. I don't care how you get it. I promise you my incentives are pure here. You need to read it. You will never understand what's going on in full until you read it. We put a shit ton of work into this thing. It's a project I've been working on forever. This Ukraine piggy bank is at the heart of everything. There were pro-Russia, pro-European factions in Ukraine that were all making a fortune of lobbying people in the United States, by the way, Democrats and Republicans were involved. That's why some Republicans are really quiet about all of this.


And U-S-A-I-D and others may have been involved in the funding of some of this stuff that was being used to protect this grift. It is a huge freaking scandal. Please Check it out. I'm, I'm begging you again. Matt Palumbo at Bonino. He's my editor at Bonino Reports. The conservative alternative to Drudge Report. If you haven't checked it out, it's bonino report.com. Got my BONINO report mug. Matt is a George Soros expert. He's written books about George Soros. He will be on my show, I believe later today to talk about exactly this. There is an entire racket going on with international quote development money that's being used to line the pockets of people here like the Biden regime.


Thank you Michael Shellenberger. This is a huge piece of a puzzle. I have been, this is like me searching for the McGuffin my entire life with this thing. And Shellenberger put the final piece together. All right, I got a lot more show. You know what, I'm gonna take a little bit of an early break right here 'cause I want to get to this. We were vindicated again yesterday for everyone who freaked out Donald Trump sending the 82nd Airborne or whatever to take over Gaza. What did we tell everyone yesterday? What did we say? Bonino Army. You all were chill. Why? Because we know the rules. Our rule is what? Hold, hold, hold everyone chilled in the Bongino Army.


And of course if you applied the Bongino rule and you waited 24 hours, you now see as they illuminate the details of the policy that we were right again while everyone else was freaking out.


Hey, while we may have won the election to fight, to restore this great nation's only beginning, now's the time to take a stand and Patriot Mobile is leading the charge. As America's only Christian conservative wireless provider, Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action and defend our rights and our freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you'll get outstanding nationwide coverage 'cause they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But the difference is every dollar you spend with Patriot Mobile supports a company it believes in the the first and Second amendments, the sanctity of life, and our veteran and first responder heroes. So switching is easy. Keep your number, keep your phone, or upgrade their 100%. US-based customer service team will help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan great company or call 9 7 2 Patriot and get a free month of service with promo code. Dan, switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend Freedom with every call and text you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Thank you Patriot Mobile. Great company with this a long time. Check it out.


Okay Ladies and gentlemen, vindicated again, if you're not watching this show and you, you know, this annoys some people. I don't want to get into stupid stuff like who's someone you know reach out. Oh my gosh, you keep saying you're the number one MAGA show. Well, we are. I mean, I'm sorry if that bothers you. I'm, I'm not knocking other people. I'm just saying by audience. We are. I, if you're not watching the show, you're just missing out. We have been far ahead of the curve because we have a lot of people here who feed us information and we're pretty well connected into the Trump orbit and therefore we speak Trump, I think better than anyone. I told everyone yesterday after the Gaza announcement, the United States is not invading Gaza. Everybody needs to chill.


Thankfully the Bongino army understood this is not how Trump works. He doesn't say something and automatically mean exactly what he says in the beginning. He it. He uses a Maximalist position as a leverage point. He may mean it, he may not. It's the guesswork and the crazy man theory that makes the Maximalist position effective. If you don't understand that about Trump, you got a long four years ahead of you. It is another thing he doesn't do. He doesn't rule out anything either because by ruling out anything, he takes away a negotiating point. You've gotta read the art of the deal and you'll understand how this guy thinks. He doesn't rule out anything. It's stupid to rule out anything.


Here's what I mean. So Donald Trump basically drops a huge bombshell and I think for the first time in a while that's accurate. And says the other day, which we covered at length that he's talking about or thinking about taking over Gaza, this area in the Middle East, right on Israel's border and the Egypt border. And everybody freaked out saying, oh, American Invasion Genocide, all this other stupidity, which was nonsense. I was actually happy to see the Wall Street Journal, which really doesn't like Trump. Take a pretty, pretty even keeled position on this. Say, Hey, what did Trump say? It was wrong. Palestinians have been screwed over by Hamas. The place is rubble. Nobody can live there. We only fix it. The well journal usually hits 'em hard.


We're like, I think it's a pretty fair thing. He said, here's Ka Caroline Levitt, excellent spokesperson for the White House. Finally clearing this thing up and telling you exactly what we told you. Everybody chill, take a look. Can you explain this reversal and how building and owning Gaza squares with America First foreign policy? I would reject the premise of your question that this forces the United States to be entangled in conflicts abroad. The President has not committed to putting boots on the ground in Gaza. He has also said that the United States is not going to pay for the rebuilding of Gaza. His administration is going to work with our partners in the region to reconstruct this region.


And let me just take a step back, Garrett, because this is an out of the box idea. That's who President Trump is. That's why the American people elected him. And his goal is lasting peace in the Middle East for all people in the region. And as I said in my opening remarks, we've had the same people pushing the same solutions to this problem for decades. And it's been very made very clear to the president that the United States needs to be revolved involved in this rebuilding effort to ensure stability in the region for all people. But that does not mean boots on the ground in Gaza. It does not mean American taxpayers will be funding this effort. It means Donald Trump, who is the best deal maker on the planet, is going to strike a deal with our partners in the region.


So for everyone who melted down, not you, in the Bonino army after Liberation day, as you see, I got the shirt on today, you can pick one up if you'd like up to you. But after Liberation Day, people started freaking out even more, even people on her own side, which was disappointing. Oh my gosh, he's gonna put boots on the ground and Gaza invade taxpayer dollars Nation building. He didn't say any of that. I don't know what you're talking about. If you just would've waited a day, she was just clear. He's not talking about us taxpayer dollars. What did we say yesterday, folks in the chat? Come on, what did we say yesterday? You know, he is pushing regional partners over there who have a regional, the Middle East people who have a direct regional interest.


Like New York has an interest in New Jersey, Wyoming does too, but not as much as New York. It's right there. He's saying to the Saudis, UAE, Bahrain, Lebanon, Syria, everyone get your shit together or Daddy's home and he's gonna fix it. If you just would've waited a day instead of freaking out under a thousand, soldiers are gonna die in Gaza. What are you talking about? You would not look like a moron today. Everybody, even the Wall Street Journal had a pretty unbiased perspective on this, which shocked me. They were like, what did Donald Trump say that was crazy?


The status iss not working. He's like, the United States could probably play some role here with regional partners in fixing this mess. Either you fix it or I'm gonna fix it. What the hell did he say that was wrong? Here's our National security advisor, Michael Waltz say in the exact same thing again. I told you yesterday, if you watched yesterday's show and thank you for all the feedback on it, I want you to know what it means. The world to me. You were way ahead of this story while everyone else was freaking out. We said this yesterday, exactly what Michael Wall says here. He's really doing this to push these regional partners. He's not saying I'm not gonna do stuff, so don't, he's not.


This is not him joking. It's him pushing. There's a difference. Watch the NSA National Security Advisor say the exact thing we said yesterday. Check this Out. I think what the president is just acknowledging is we've been looking th at this over the last weeks and months and frankly he's been thinking about it since October 7th. And that war is, you know, e everybody's heart breaks for the Palestinian people across the region and rightly so. But he's not seeing any realistic solutions on how those miles and miles and miles of debris are going to be cleared. How those, you know, essentially unexploded bombs are going to be removed.


How these people are physically going to live for the, at least a decade if not longer it's going to take to do this. So the fact that nobody has a realistic solution and he puts some very bold, fresh, new ideas out on the table, I don't think should be criticized in any way. I think it it's going to bring the entire region to come with their own solutions. Why do you guys think I cut that where I did? Because it's exactly what we said yesterday. This is how he negotiates. Did you hear Michael Waltz at the end?


Did you hear the last line? He's pushing regional partners. Hey man, do you guys have any solutions to this? Nah, we don't have shit. You don't have anything do you? What's your fix? I'm just curious. If you're out there and you're a OC, Ianna Presley, Rashida TB who melted down, this is genocide, this is whatever she nonsense, she was spouting about on X what the is your solution? Hamas decided to engage in a massive terror strike on a company that kicked their freaking asses.


That's a fact. I'm not asking you how you feel. I'm telling you what is, how you feel about what is is your own freaking problem if you're on the other side, you got your ass kicked. Yes, you killed a lot of Israelis and they turned around and killed a shit ton of you terrorist assholes too. And they wiped out everything because you fucked with the wrong people. You don't start a war, you can't finish and you couldn't. That does not mean I am a savage. I fully understand that many ili, innocent Palestinians were caught up in this who had nothing to do with this, who were not terrorists.


War is ugly period. Anyone telling you otherwise is a moron not worth your time. But you don't start a fight, you can't finish. Now Donald Trump comes in here with a sensible solution to a problem. The Palestinians in living in Gaza have nowhere to go, folks. There's no sewage, there's no water, there's no electricity, there's no flat ground because there's freaking rubble everywhere. What is Rashida Taleb's solution? More terror attacks. She doesn't have one. All she wants is the status quo. Because you know what? Ha.


Let me tell you what's really happening here and I'm gonna move on. I'm sorry, but I'm really passionate 'cause I hate these foreign policy assholes who never propose a freaking solution to a problem ever. And they tell you how about scholar and international? You are a freaking idiot. You have not proposed a single solution to a problem in forever. Here's what's really going on. Nobody wants to take in the Palestinians because countries that have done it in the past in Lebanon and Jordan have been destabilized by significant portions of Palestinian populations that engaged in kind of insurrections against those governments. Look it up yourself.


Don't take my word for it. They don't want the Palestinians. If they wanted the Palestinians, they take them in, but they don't. So in order to keep their populations that they subjugate, because no one's freely elected in the Middle East, outside of Israel, they need a common enemy. Tell me I'm wrong, fellas. Who's the common enemy? The evil Jews in Israel. And what do they do? They're like, look at what those evil Jews are doing to the Palestinians. Hey, why don't you take 'em in? Oh no, you don't want to take 'em in. But the evil Jews are doing it. Everybody in the Middle East stays in power because they get the evil Jews narrative and they use the Palestinians as a pawn.


That's what's going on. That's why Rashida Taleb and all these other dipshits don't wanna fix the Palestinian problem. Because if they do the Evil Jews narrative goes out the window. That's what's going on. You want the hard truth? Chew on them freaking apples. That's exactly what's going on right now. That's why they're freaking out about Donald Trump finally saying, daddy's home, I'll fix it. They don't have a victim. Class of Palestinians. The evil Jews narrative goes away. That's what's happening. Ask your friends that. I don't care what side you're on, you love the Palestinians so much, why doesn't the Arab world help 'em out?


You realize Egypt will not take them in. It's right there, Gaza. Just let them have them. Give them some space in the cyan. Develop some property for them. They don't wanna do it. It's Trump doing it. All right, let me take a break. And Stewart Thompson from the New York Times is back. This guy really loves his show. He's a big fan. Guys, did you know that? He's a he's a P one. Stuart Toson. Welcome Stu. Good to see you buddy. Guy read, writes something about our show all the time. This actually isn't that bad, but I'll show you something next. I got that. And then a big Dan Bongino Show Prediction came true.


I told you it was only a matter of time.


Time for you to be awake, not woke. Start your day with a Hot America First Cup. A blackout coffee. Blackout Coffee's an active supporter of hardworking Americans at sea. Their work as their duty. They honor and take care of their customers more than any other coffee company out there. Blackout coffee uses only premium grade coffee beans, premium grade coffee beans taste amazing. A lot of these woke mega corporations, they don't use premium grade beans. They use lower grade beans. That's why I'm proud to personally recommend Blackout Coffee. Skip those long lines at the store and order online. Folks at Blackout Coffee shipped within 48 hours of roasting. It's incredible. Do me a favor, go to blackout coffee.com/bonino. See what I'm talking about? They are the real deal. Time to quit drinking woke corporate junk coffee every morning. Go to blackout coffee.com/bonino or use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. Make the switch to blackout coffee. You're gonna love it.


And our last sponsor day before we get back to the show. And Stuart Thompson, who loves this show, cozy Earth right now. There's not much more I love than relaxing on cozy earth's bamboo sheet set. Not like good sheets, man. They are by far the softest, most luxurious sheets I've slept on. I got one on the bottom and one on top. Paula put it on there. I was like, this is good stuff. After busy day when I'm tired, I really look forward to unwinding on cozy Earth sheets. And you can rely on Cozi Earth use because they use only the highest quality softest materials. This Valentine's Day. Make your home an escape from the outside world's demands and surprise your Valentine by relaxing and recharging with Cozi Earth's luxury sheets. Cozy Earth elevates, loves little moments. Cozy Earth provide prides itself on the responsible production Vaults products plus their bedding products. Have a 100 night sleep trial and a 10 year warranty. I've been sleeping on 'em. You can't go wrong. So surprise your Valentine, but cozy Earth, they deserve this. Elevate your love with Cozy Earth. Head to cozy earth.com/bonino now to get up to 40% off and use my exclusive code Bonino. It's a big savings. That's cozy earth.com/bonino. And don't forget, if you're asked in a post-purchase survey, let 'em know. You heard, heard about Cozy Earth right here in The Dan Bongino Show. Thank you. Cozy, cozy, earth greet sheets appreciated.


All right, back to the show. So it happened again. Stuart Thompson from the New York Times, who loves this show. So everyone please in the chat, Anita, if you could lead the way. Everyone give a shout out. Welcome Stuart Thompson Stewie, welcome to the show. Good to see you Stuart. A Thompson at the New York Times who notes, actually this made the first accurate thing. He said in a long time, pro-Trump Edia, he's nothing but winning. The judges ruled. Judge Bonino says, let the winning continue. Stu notes. But through it all the mood amongst those in right wing media has been nothing short of a bullion. Man, we gonna shut down the chat. There you go, Stu. Everybody's welcome to the show. Welcome Stu. Do who said Stu Dog? Stu? Do I like it? Stu Dog.


So, oh man, this is good Stu Big T 78 A stew. Mike Platt, welcome still. Hey you Stewart Anita, of course, welcoming Stewart. Good to see you all. Welcome Stewie. Look at that. That shot. We melted that thing down. Tell me, this isn't the biggest MAGA crew out there. He know that we have been seeing nothing short of winning and we are a bullion. I don't have time for all the winning Bonino said a long time Trump or Trump supporter and popular Rightwing podcaster. He sat on his show. It's a good problem to have Stewart's right? This is some finally some quality reporting from the New York Times. I am not done with the winning keep the winning coming and to people like Stewart and everyone else. The winning is not gonna stop. I have been assured by people who are very close to this Trump orbit that this is the pace they're going to keep for four years.


And I'm just like I did yesterday with the Gaza story, encouraging you all on our side. Forget the lefties, they're gonna overreact everything and I wanna give them advice. Just chill. Let Donald Trump stories and statements. Let them stew. No pun intended, for 24 hours and you will see what Donald Trump meant. He speaks sometimes in a very opaque manner because it's part of his negotiating position. I'm like, God, I'm not telling you everything is four D chess. Sometimes he speaks extemporaneously. It says something, it takes it back. You move quick, you break stuff. Once in a while it happens. The Gaza thing, I promise you was not one of them. It was not. Okay.


Here was a prediction I made. I I, I'm not gonna tell you this was some big, bold, insane prediction, but I told you it was gonna happen because the left is crazy. Folks, the midterms. You Dan, I don't wanna hear about the midterm. No, I do. Okay. I'm always thinking the next election cycle, I'm sorry. But the reason the show's successful is 'cause we see around corners. The next election cycle is already coming up. Okay? It's only a matter of time before people start declaring for the midterm elections. Every congressional seat, a third of the Senate, we've got a tough run in the Senate. If we lose in the midterms, lose the House and the Senate, God forbid we're gonna be in a lot of trouble. It will be two years of fake investigations and collusion hoaxes into Donald Trump.


So I'm already thinking midterms. Why is this important? Because another thing that's gonna happen is if we lose the house in the midterms, which are just a year and a month or so, a year and 11 months away, which in my life is right around the corner, okay? If we lose, Donald Trump will be impeached again. For what? It doesn't matter. They'll make it up. They will use the dastardly deeds clause. That'll make sense in a second. Here's me a while ago making a prediction that has sadly already come true. Check this out. I'm about plans and plus ones and minus ones. I do not get involved in emotional stuff. I don't. I'm a passionate guy. I don't like the left. But I promise you I win. I asked you a favor, did I not tell me.


I didn't even for my haters out there, I said please vote down ballot. A lot of these guys are gonna be turkeys who are Republican, congressmen and senators. But we need them because of a very simple tactical reason. Some of you didn't like that, Dan. I'm not voting for anyone with Trump. I said that's a huge mistake. 'cause what's gonna happen then is Trump is either gonna get impeached or we're not gonna get any of our nominees judicial or cabinet approved. I'm asking you to see the forest for the trees and a lot of you get it. So I don't wanna sound in any way condescending or trying, not trying to sound like a tool. I'm not asking you to vote for Republican congressmen or senators you don't like. You aren't. No, I'm asking you to vote for Donald Trump. Because if you're not gonna have Donald Trump, if you don't vote for those people you don't like, I'm not asking you to vote for them.


Most of them I don't like, they don't like me. Some of 'em don't even like us. However, if we lose committee spots and we lose the house and you vote for the other guys, the Democrats or you don't vote at all, which is a huge mistake, Donald Trump will be impeached. He will. It's already started. Folks. Here is Al Green added again on impeachment Al Green cites for impeachment, high crimes and misdemeanors. No, I guess the dastardly deeds clause of the Constitution. Where's that in the Constitution? I know he just made it up. Check this out. I rise to announce that the movement to impeach the president has begun.


I rise to announce that I will bring articles of impeachment against the president for desperately deeds proposed and desperately deeds done. There we go. You're always six months to a year ahead of the news cycle. Sometimes more. I told you it was gonna happen folks, these people are crazy. They are lunatics. The Democrats are in total disarray. Who the hell knows what the hell the dastardly deeds clause is? He just made it up. This guy's a moron. You're gonna see more of this And listen to me now. I don't wanna hear about the midterms. I don't care. I don't mean to sound like a dick. I don't care what you wanna hear about. We gotta win. You like the winning, you wanna keep the winning going.


If we lose in the midterms, I guarantee you this guy will be impeached again. And God forbid we lose 60 plus seats in the Senate or, or we need more, they would need more. You will see this guy impeached than removed. 'cause there's always gonna be a few sucker Republicans that fall for this too. However, let's get back to the good stuff fo folks. The foing is, is piling up. Even Stuart Thompson sees it coming. I I I'm telling you, I'm having a hard time with all the winning we're putting together shows at such a rapid pace. I gave the the guys a challenge like, Hey, you wanna put together a show a as I tell 'em five minutes later, I already sent them half the show. Did I not? They're like, oh, we'll go find some. I've already given 'em just about everything because there's so much foing happening.


What's foing? Well, this is the FAFO presidency. They effed around and now they're f foing. They're finding out the finding out's happening over and over and over. So we're gonna cover an fo segment just about every day or every other day. Here's a couple quick hits to put you in a good mood. Today, new CBS news is learned. Attorney General. Now, attorney General, thankfully Pam Bondi will sign memos directing the DOJ to start a weaponization working group that will review the Twinkies case in New York. Tis James tyrant Jack Smith Pondi will also end the moratorium on federal executions.


Ladies and gentlemen, I told you the foing the finding out is happening left and right here is Emil Bove who was running the DOJ until Pam Bondi got, and he's still over there. Great guy telling the FBI guys. Hey, listen man, you guys can freak out all you want, but he, he notes nobody's gonna be fired for simply following orders and carrying out their duties in an ethical manner. But if you had noticed that in the third paragraph down partisan intent, there is a good chance you will be fired. Yes. If you swore to uphold the constitution of the United States as an FBI agent and engaged in a tyrannical investigation against Donald Trump with partisan intent and not the Constitution in mind, you do not deserve your job.


I'm sorry you broke your oath. What part of this is difficult? Did you think they were kidding? Seriously? Do you think that Trump administration's kidding folks? I'm not gonna accept any lectures on this either from fraudsters. In my last line of work, I protected Republicans and Democrats and I did my job to the best of my abilities every time. And I tell you that with the absolute purest of hearts. I didn't say, oh, Barack Obama's a Democrat. Lemme do a shitty protection job. I'm sorry if you were an FBI agent and acted differently because you didn't like the politics of the person being prosecuted. You deserve to be fired. You violated your oath of office or your, your, you, you, you swore in as an 1811.


Here's Aaron mate who I, I don't agree with on everything, especially in the Middle East. But he's been great on Spygate. And again, I don't, I'm not emotional about things at all. He notes it still hasn't sunk in the FBI took part in framing not just any random person as a Russian agent, but the president. And in the process they endorsed the Clinton campaign's condescending, elitist message that voters who didn't vote for them were Russian assets. None of these Russiagate frauds, as he notes have owned up to this historic deceit. And Andrew McCabe, this absolute buffoon who was the deputy director and acting director of the FBI who helped launch the probe is still doing talking work on CNN here, watch this video.


Andrew McCabe, who was one of the ring leaders of a fake investigation in the FBI, they knew was fake, is still on CNN as a respected talking head about the FBI. This shows you the level of deceit and how no one is being held accountable by the left wing, but they are f foing by the Trump administration. Check this out. FBI rank and file agents and analysts who make up the vast majority of the field offices who do the work in of investigating these cases of executing search warrants, of executing arrest warrants, doing surveillance, electronic surveillance, whatever might be.


Those people are never touched by the political winds that blow through every four years, nor should they be. They, as you said, they don't pick their work, they're assigned to the work that they do. The work they do is lawful, it's a, it's within FBI policies and not doing the work is not really an option for them, right? They come to the FBI, the most of them come intending to stay for the entirety of their careers 20 years or more, 20 years on the agent side, a little bit more for the support side. And so to be targeted in this way for termination potentially, or retribution simply for doing their jobs on a major national security case is, is incomprehensible to them or anybody that knows the organization.


Folks. I mean, how is this guy still on tv? How the, is this guy still on tv? Do you understand? If you look up his name, Andrew McCabe, FBI, that he is one of the central figures in this fake collusion case they made up that almost got the United States into a conflict with Russia over a fake story that Trump colluded with Russia to steal an election. You realize this guy was one of the ringleader and he's complaining that other people who may have been involved with him are career FB, listen, if you did your job, honor relief, thank you for your service, terrific. If you didn't, I'm sorry, but Cash Patel and Cam Bondi, Pam Bondi, il Bove and others are gonna ask you to leave because it's time for you to go.


You screwed around. Alright? Now you're gonna find out, here's a couple more. Fos Trump designed executive order banning men from women's sports and branding visas with the wrong sex as fraud. You know what? Can we skip ahead? I'm gonna show you. Can we do go to the video of him with all the kids around folks and then the CNN poll. You guys know what I'm talking about? I'm skipping ahead a little bit. I wanna show you something because again, another Dan Bonino operating evergreen theory I've told you over is the cannibalism theory. If you don't understand the Dan Bonino cannibalism theory, it's very simple. When the, when the left loses an issue like this men and women's sports issue, which they got their asses kicked on, what winds up happening is the small group of crazies, about 20% who are pushing this stuff.


Men should compete in women's sports, which is insane, right? You understand? They make money off this. They make money off social media promotion. They get money from left wing groups to promote this crap. As you saw with U-S-A-I-D, follow the money, follow me here. People make money off crazy left wing issues like men and women's sports. You got me? Does that make sense? So the cannibalism theory is this. They don't wanna give up the gravy trade. Even when the issue buries the Democrat Party, this issue was probably 10 to 20%, if not more. I dunno, I'm being it. Just throw a number there of Donald Trump's victory in this presidential election. People were so annoyed at this, right?


It was such an easy win for Republicans. That same people like, why are Democrats still fighting for this craziness? Because people make money off it. So the cannibalism theory is once you give, once they, they lose the issue overall. They start going after what they see traitors in their own mitts and lefties. JK Rowling a perfect example. She's not a big conservative. The author, the Harry Potter books, she's like Public enemy number one to them, Martina Navratilova, the tennis player, they will start eating themselves alive because they can't give up the grift and they can't have people on the inside turning. Does that make sense? So you see this article in the New York Post about this. This was a huge deal.


This is the easiest political win of all time. Here's Donald Trump yesterday in one of the best snapshots and soundbites you're ever gonna see signing this executive order, finally banning this craziness and watch what he does. Remember snapshots and soundbites, folks, that's politics. This issue is a loser for the left, but because they're making money off it, they're gonna start eating their own alive. They're not gonna let this go and you can just sit back and chew on popcorn. Watch this. You know, if you'd like to gather around me, I think I'm gonna be okay. Come on, come on, come on.


Secret services, worried about them. If we have to worry about them, we have big problem Folks. Snapshots and sound bites. Man, there is simply no one better at this than this guy. There isn't. You can deny his political skills all you want. He's just gonna keep kicking your ass. The cannibalism theory, digest it, apply it, read it, love it, own it. The left, unlike the right when the right, I'm not saying we do this all the time, but when the right sense is an issue, is a complete total political loser, maybe it's a bad issue. We're not. You know, sometimes something comes up. Maybe the politics of it weren't right for the moment. You'll see them walk away from it a little bit, right?


This is not the case with the left. They will go all in because there's money there. They don't care and they just sit back, eat your popcorn as they start eating themselves alive because there's no one on the right that supports this. Watch them start tearing each other to pieces. Here's a CNN segment. This is how bad of an issue for these lunatics who were dying on the craziest hill ever. Men and women's sports. This is how bad of an issue this is for them. 80% of people, 79 to be exact, are against this and these morons who are making money are about to sink their party over it. Here's a CNN segment. Imagine getting 80% of people to agree on anything.


Check this out. I think these numbers are really illuminating on this topic because I just think there's such a clear trend among the American public. So transgender female athletes in women's sports, only 18% of the country says that they should be, in fact allowed to participate in women's sports. Compare this to the opposition. I mean, my goodness gracious, 79%. You rarely get 79% of the country to agree on anything, but they do in fact agree on the idea of opposing transgender female athletes in women's sports. You ever seen a better example of my cannibalism theory? Just stand back.


Stand your ground on the issue knowing you're right, men and women's sports is crazy and just watch. They'll eventually give up on you because they know they're never gonna convince you to believe the crazy and they will always eat their own alive, always, always. Because there's money in it. They can't give it up. They don't actually believe this. They don't know. They don't. They're making money off it. They're getting money from U-S-A-I-D groups for transgender opera shows in Peru or whatever. There's freaking money in it, dude. You think these people are ideological zealots?


Yes, some of 'em are, but most of 'em are just greedy little shits don't even give them that much credit. Yeah, Bernie Sanders is probably a believer. 90% of people who follow 'em aren't it all. They're sitting there with their iPhones and their money and their lattes. You know what? Can we move ahead to the rumbler segment? I'm sorry, I'm all over the place, folks. The fixer is back. Here's another thing I haven't discussed in a long time, man. I'm hesitant to bring this up again and the only reason I am is 'cause this thing sets the world on fire. And every time I do, it seems like a bit of self-promotion because I've been covering this forever.


There is a figure in politics who is somehow managed to escape a serious scrutiny like the John Brennans and Jim Comey have, and I cannot figure out why, because she was at the heart of so many major Biden era, Obama era scandals. It is stunning that this woman is not the subject of further scrutiny by books and conservative groups that day. We've been all over. We've done 10 20 shows on it. Who is it? It's Katherine Rumbler. You know who Katherine Rumbler is? She was Obama's White House council. The Dan Bongino Show calls her the fixer. Why am I bringing up Katherine Rumbler again?


Throw the New York Post article. At first, I see you of the post there on the screen, but the New Yorker, the one about the Epstein thing, it says, so this broke the other day. The Jeffrey Epstein case is back. Folks new Jeffrey Epstein docs reveal pedophile, met with CIH chief and former White House counsel after the child sex crime conviction. Now this article is not new. However, there are now some rumors out there that the New Department of Justice is gonna start releasing some more information about the Jeffrey Epstein case. Wait, put that post headline up again. What the hell was Jeffrey Epstein doing?


Meeting with Barack Obama's fixer, his White House council. Hold on, let me just give you a little litany and rundown of everything Obama's fixer was involved in fixing and what the hell was she trying to fix with the Jeffrey Epstein scandal? Are there some high level Democrats like the Clintons, who may have needed some stuff to go away with this? Here's some more. Katherine Rumer stuff. Washington Post, Katherine, throw up the Washington Post headline for me. Washington Post White House Council Kathy Rumer from outsider to protector of the presidency Politico, the IRS scandal.


Who was at the center of that? Oh look, the latest revelation, Katherine Rumbler was given early information about this thing and shared it with White House officials. It raises another question in, oh, should Obama have been alerted sooner? You mean Kathy Rumer knew before Obama, the observer Sex lies and the White House Council Catherine Rumer blunders into the Secret Service scandal mess. Here's one more for you. Remember Benghazi president's former lawyer speaks out former on Meet the Press, Katherine Rumbler talks, Obama's executive action and the court appearance of a suspected Benghazi mastermind.


Folks, rumbler was at the center of all of the Obama Biden stuff, not all of it, but a good amount of it. She was the fixer. She was like that Olivia Pope character in that scandal show that was out there forever. She was the mess cleaner. What the hell is she cleaning up with the Epstein scandal now? And now with the DOJ flipping over folks, if we don't uncover the full Epstein story, there is, there is a huge hole in the follow the money, follow the influence picture. I'm telling you, and I'm gonna tell you again, this is probably the 10th time I've told this story.


An unimpeachable source was on a plane with Bill Clinton and Jeffrey Epstein. According to this whistleblower friend of mine. Clinton walks in the back with a young lady. He doesn't know the age, he doesn't know what happened. He did not walk back there with her. He doesn't say anymore. He was totally uncomfortable what happened, asked to be let off that detail that day, and he noted later on that some of the other people who were involved in that flight, all of a sudden their blackberries at the time disappeared and showed up on a, basically kind of like a stolen, missing property list in the Secret Service you do without what you want.


I'm just telling you, there's a source out there and he knows who he is. If you ever wanna speak up, my audience is waiting. But this Jeffrey Epstein story, folks, we haven't even scratched the surface of. What the hell was the Obama fixer meeting with this guy for story just keeps getting worse. All right folks, that was a lot of material to cover today. The beginning's really important. I'm asking you as a friend, please pick up the book. Let's follow the money wherever you can get it. I don't really care. Borrow it, but read this. Read the whole book if you can. But the chapter on the Mole, the chapter on Ukraine, you need to know that this U-S-A-I-D scandal involves a whole lot of players and it explains everything what Zelensky knew, what Zelensky knew early, why Ukraine was a piggy bank.


What Ukraine's protecting. You realize Zelensky and people in Ukraine now, they were the start of the whole Russia, not zelensky himself, but people in Ukraine started the entire Russia hoax. You realize that came outta Ukraine. It's all there. You'll understand this story with the Shellenberger piece. If you read the book, pick it up, follow the money, buy it, give it to your friend and you'll be, you'll be blown away. And I got a guest coming on later. Talk about the Soros angle about this. Folks, thanks so much for tuning in. I really appreciate it. Please give us a follow on Rumble. Download the Free Rumble app. Also go to rumble.com/bonino. You see it right there. Click that subscribe button. And we do thank you.


If you do, we are just a few thousand people away from 3.5 million subscribers. It is absolutely free, no catch. And then go to Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Follow The Dan Bongino Show there. It's free as well. We really appreciate it. See you on the radio show here in Rumble in a few minutes. And back here tomorrow, live at 11:00 AM See you then. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.