
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. you know It's crazy. Like I said, you're, you're two weeks, three weeks a month now ahead of the news cycle. You're watching this show six weeks later, like breaking news, like I already heard about that on Dan Bar Show yesterday. I tell you to be very careful about this. Iranians hacked the Trump campaign story just big time. Caution flag, go under the hood for review please. And then yesterday and another story pops. Guess who's back? The PPE hoax guy Christopher Steele back. You would think this guy would be laughed out of even the left wing goon squad, freaking media, but nope.


Openly embrace these back folks. I'm just gonna want, listen to me. Listen, before we even get started today, listen to me. They are trying to steal this thing already. It explains the freakout over the Elon Trump thing last night, that ridiculous letter by the EU commissioner, the Christopher Steele thing, the hack thing. They're trying to fleece this thing already. Be very, very careful. I got that. And as I will continue to preach, Trump is dangerous to them because of the culture shift in politics. It is not the policies I'm telling you.


Hey, you've heard me rave about Beam every week. Go get it now. They're offering their largest discount at shop Beam dot com slash bonino Use code bonino and get a good night's sleep.


Big show today. Got that. Also, I will get to the taxon tips thing today. I have to because it the media, the Wall Street Journal could not have read this thing more wrong. They're like you say, wait to do tax on tips 'cause they'll copy it. That's the point. Did you totally miss it?


Hey, I'm a proud American. It means If. you come after me and my family, I'll be ready. That's why I rely on My. Patriot Supply. Their mega three month emergency food kit comes jam packed with 33 varieties of filling and delicious food foods. Not only does that include creamy chicken flavored rice, old fashioned Italian spaghetti and savory cheesy broccoli soup, but also you get a bonus protein kit with diced beef, flavorful chicken chunks, and three variety of beans plus nine different fruits, vegetables, and snacks. All in all, this emergency food kit provides a whopping 2,500 calories a day to keep you well fed and ready for anything in emergency. Listen, it's your duty to protect your family. Don't wait on the government 'cause they will screw you over an emergency guaranteed that starts with food you can depend on for up to 25 years. Go to My Patriot Supply dot com today. Save $300 on your mega three month emergency food kit. It ships fast and free. Go to My Patriot Supply dot com. Save $300 on your kit, My Patriot Supply dot com.


All right, fellas, Dan Bonino is cooking today, talking about himself in the third person like Bob dol. Warning signs are everywhere. I told you, as my grandmother used to say, God rest their soul. I says, and then he says, folks, they're doing it again. They're trying to fleece this thing. Be very cautious about that Trump campaign was hacked. Story you were going to see before the election. I promise you a bunch of emails that'll be released. Are they real? Are they not? Probably not. They're probably gonna be like the next peepee tape that didn't exist either. Be cautious, get your red flags out. Get Ready pen. This is the yellow one holding 15 yards.


Is that holding? Haven't watched that. And was that holding Justin? This is my version of holding to the left. Now this story pops yesterday, the guardian far right disorder. There was some disorder in the United Kingdom. They leave out the whole like immigration thing and everything far right. disorder had clear Russian involvement. says ex MI six spy. Who's the MI six spy? You're gonna be like, no shit, no way. Christopher Steele is saying the Russians did it. The say the the PP guy.


The PP guy's back. You listen to me however much do you hate the Leftwing Goon media? The leftwing KA scum. It is not enough. Do you believe this? The same guy responsible for a fake dossier that started an international scandal that destroyed relationships around the world, interrupted the business of the United States for four years, had the left sitting their wetting their pants in their diapers over Donald Trump and turned out to be totally fake is back.


Folks, why is this story important? Why am I, with everything going on, why am I leading the show today with this? Listen to me, please, please, they are going to try to steal this thing. Again, this is one of the reasons I tell you, please do not get cocky about this election. They are going to do everything in their power to censor people, to make sure conservative voices don't get out there and If you think for a second we're breaking through. Just remember, in the last election, 17 to 20% of Biden voters did not know about the Hunter Biden laptop. Folks, what happened yesterday, prior to the Trump Elon spaces thing, Trump did an interview at Elon.


It's called spaces. It's basically an audio interview like you do a radio audio interview. It happened on Twitter, blew up the internet. It was a big deal. They had some DDOS problems, which is not surprising. We've had that at Rumble too. Anytime, you know, free speech platforms like Exor Rumble do stuff, you get scumbag communists that wanna shut it down with an iola service attack. So I'm not really surprised. It doesn't reflect, I think, in any way poorly on these platforms. It's just what these, these losers do. That's not even that, that that was just to be expected. Folks, what the EU bureaucrat theory Breton did yesterday, sending out this threatening letter before the Elon Trump interview.


The digital tyranny folks is here now. It's not the dystopian tomorrow, it's here now. They are trying to steal and interfere in the election by engaging in mass censorship again, so people can't get the information they need out there to vote. Did you see this disgusting tweet from this filth bag theory Breton or whatever this, this, this scumbags name is Theory Brion. This is an EU commissioner who put this tweet out yesterday on X. With great audience comes great responsibility, DSA for Digital Services Act as there is a risk of amplification of potentially harmful content in connection with events with major audience around the world.


She sent this, basically this threatening letter to Elon Musk. You can read the bullshit letter. It's basically a threatening letter warning him about what they're gonna do if he actually engages in like free speech stuff. So I tweeted out in return, I didn't put up there language alert. I tweeted out in return theory, but term, go fuck yourself. Thank you. Sorry. That's what was on my mind folks, the censorship apparatus around the world to shut you down before the election is going wild. I'm not, I'm not sure.


See, I I'm an investor in rumble, so I, I deal with different things and the, the tech space, I see things and I hear things from other investors at other companies. The effort to shut down conservative thought to make sure swing voters can't see conservative ideas, Ladies and gentlemen, is worse than 2020 and worse than 2016 for whatever progress we're making in the culture. Scumbags like theory briton of whatever this, this, this digital tyrant, this communist are doing everything they can to stop people from getting the information. you know where I go every time I wanna review of the deep state madness.


I go to Mike Ben, he's one of the two Mikes, Mike Davis for Lawfare, Mike Ben for deep state folks. This digital services bullshit that the EU is using to say, here's how we're gonna censor people, has been a scam forever to stop populous movements. No one explains it better than Mike Ben. Here's about a minute clip. Ben has been warning about this forever. The European Union in conjunction with communists here in the United States are using this digital services DSA thing to shut down speech around the world to make sure popular movements like Trump and other people around the world who've attracted attention and fought against the tyranny are shut down.


Listen to Ben's explain this. Mark this, spread this around. He's been warned about this forever. Check this out. Currently The issue, as I see, you know, around the 2024 election, what's coming up ahead of that is, is mostly, you know, the main threat is driven by the EU Digital Services Act and that, and NATO being this sort of military arm of the eu. This is going to be the main tool that is used that will be used to try to force Elon to sensor like the other major platforms. The, the, those censorship standards are being teed up in with the, with the eus joint partnership with groups like News Guard Folks, this is what I'm so worried about.


If we lose this election, this is what terrifies me. Again, this is not exaggeration for a fact. It's not clickbait material. It is my genuine, candid, heartfelt feeling being an investor, a conservative, and a guy who ran for office himself. Having seen this from behind the scenes, if we lose this election, this entrenched censorship digital tyranny, we will never be able to uproot it. If they have four more years to institute this massive censorship operation through the eu, through the DSA through news guard, there will be no conservative information ecosystem left.


There will be no. What I'm getting at is there will be no way for persuadable independent voters to get information from people like us. It'll be completely censored and siloed only we'll see it. You will have to follow it directly and directly go to those sites. There is no way algorithms will recommend it. We will be finished. Here's Ben's, here's another page. This is a second, this is a different interview, but he's doing a sit down here. He is explaining how nato, which noticed Donald Trump was right about nato, how these countries have to go and put more money into the collective national defense because we're sponsoring NATO and NATO countries that are actually on the front lines of danger.


Aren't they're, they're not building their own militaries. But here's another problem with NATO that no one wants to talk about, but Bens is NATO using the EU and this DSA to stop populist movements like Donald Trump who are starting to question these international relationships. When EU people who are supposed to be our friends, the European Union, are actually our enemies. They're turning into digital tyrants coming after us. Elon and others here, watch this. The quote was panicked responsibly because there's, we have two tricks up our sleeves still, and they said we would be in full panic, but, but for two things, and the first thing that they said was something called the EU Digital Services Act, and I would caution you not to think in your mind the the bland blase name, EU Digital Services Act.


This is the NATO censorship law. Okay? This is what it's, it's the NATO censorship law. The EU is basically the commercial arm of nato. NATO wants to stop the rise of populous parties in the US and all across nato in, in the uk, in France, in Italy, in Spain, in Greece, in, in everywhere that there's an election this year and there's a populous party on the ballot, whether that's from the right or the left. They went after Jeremy Corbin on the, for being left wing anti nato. It, you know, it's just that left wing populace have not had as, as much electoral success and don't pose as much of a threat there. But you, this NATO censorship law is very nasty because what it does is it goes beyond the simple hate speech laws that Europe have.


And it imposes a a, a new standard around about disinformation. So it's creating a new industry for disinformation compliance. Now, the EU is a larger market than the United States. There's 550 million people in the eu. You cannot be a multinational tech platform without having access to the EU market. That's the point. That's exactly the point. These EU digital tyrants in conjunction with this censorship wing of nato, now these EU folks using this DSA, you understand? They want to shut you down. This is very simple. We don't need to overcomplicate this. Ben's will give you all the details. Go to his ex feeded, his social media Subscribe, and you can get all the details on it, but I don't want you to lose the big picture.


There are a group of digital tyrants out there. It's a big cabal of people. They all have one goal in mouth to shut you the up. That's it. To shut you down. They know that they will never lose an election again if they do the Kamala Harris thing, sit on the sidelines, say nothing, and censor every conservative from going after the policy proposals Kamala Harris put out there in the past. It's a, they can't lose that way. It is a total information asymmetry, and you are the enemy populous movements full of people. That's why they're popular. The MAGA movement, they are going to shut you down if we lose folks. It is your job to go out there and get 10 people to the polls and If, you think, by the way, that this is exclusively an EU theory, britan, it's scum, this garbage, this digital tyrant.


Do you think that's only happening there? I want you to listen to this absolutely extraordinary exchange. I say extraordinary because the censorship scum in the American media. Usually they try to hide it and at least pretend they're doing journalism. They try, they don't typically do a good job, but they'll try sometimes to fake it. This is a Washington Post reporter. What's this guy's name? Cleve Wooten or something like that. I know a Cleve. He's a good guy. This guy's embarrassing Cleaves around the world. Listen to this absolute piece of human garbage in the White House Press room. This is not a joke. This is not AI asking the White House Press Secretary in a government building, the White House.


It's not Cleves building. It's not Kareem Jean Pierre's building. She works for you. She's in a government building. Listen to this piece of human garbage. Ask the White House Press Secretary in a government building. Why is it basically that you can't censor this conversation between Donald Trump and Elon Musk tonight? This actually happened with no sense of shame or embarrassment at all. They are gonna try to steal this thing. I promise you. Watch this. Elon Musk is slated to interview Donald Trump tomorrow, tonight on, on x. I don't know if the president is gonna tune it. Feel free to say if he is or not. But I I think that misinformation on Twitter is not just a campaign issue.


It's a, you know, it's a America issue. What role does the White House or the President have in sort of stopping that or stopping the spread of that or sort of inter intervening in that? Some of that was about campaign misinformation, but you know, it's a wider thing, right? Yeah, no, and you've heard us talk about this many times from here about the responsibilities that social media platforms have when it comes to misinformation, disinformation. This is phenomenal, phenomenal for all the wrong reasons. You've got a piece of human garbage at the Washington Post, a shit rag paper that just got done publishing a bunch of stories about how Republicans were lying about Joe Biden's cognitive disorder and then Joe Biden drops out because of a cognitive disorder.


This is the same Washington Post that ran a series of bullshit stories about a fake Christopher Steele PP dossier thing. A tape no human being has ever seen. This is a fake news newspaper that has been on the wrong side of COVID Trump, every single major story of our time. They are champions of disinformation and misinformation and this waste pile reporter in the White House is asking about misinformation and basically implying that the White House in a government building with a government employee should somehow censor people. This is supposed to be a journalist.


Do you believe these scumbags, this is happening. They are trying to steal this thing. By the way, I have to agree with, gee, I asked him. I didn't like to be, he thought that Christopher Steele thing in the beginning. Maybe I should have started with something different. What do you guys think in the chat, the show's for you? I probably should have started with something different than the steel thing, but, you know, I wrote books on this stuff, so I I it's just, it's incredible to me that If, you were a Republican or a conservative. You say one thing wrong, one innocent mistake, and you go and correct it the next day and you'll have articles written about you forever, conspiracy theorists or whatever. You have the Washington Post that believed this idiot, this guy put out a fake PP thing and the Washington Post is in the White House right now and in the guardians promoting this guy asking about why you can't censor Elon and Trump because of misinformation.


Is this a joke? Unfortunately, no, it isn't. So Donald Trump did the spaces with Elon last night on Twitter. I thought it was a good interview. I I missed a little bit of it. I, it was about 10 minutes of it. I had to go back and listen later. I got on, I got on late, reviewed the rest of it this morning. I found two clips particularly interesting. I'm gonna get to in a second. I'm gonna tell you why. But folks, they are scared. They are terrified because you are the enemy and information is the enemy too. Avita sent me a text this morning, If, you ask chat PT sheet, GPT certain questions right now. It'll give you an answer and it's not the answer the left wants. It'll say Donald Trump is your guy.


I told you they are afraid of information. They're terrified of AI and they're terrified of conservative media because they are scared. Listen to me of the truth. That's why quick break and I get back to these Elon clips. I'll tell you why they're important.


Everybody's talking about those weight loss injections 'cause the results are really dramatic. They lower blood sugar and they help reduce appetite. So they work. But what If, you need to lose weight, but you don't have the money. You don't like weekly shots. That's why Brickhouse Nutrition, their doctors created a supplement called Lean. The results are remarkable. I've been using it for a while. I lost weight. If. you go back and look at my old shows. You see, I lost some. I was getting a little heavy. It was rough on my joints. I like being strong. But you know, sometimes that weight comes with some joint damage. You studied ingredients and lean have been shown to help lower your blood sugar, help burn fat by converting it into energy and help curb your appetite and cravings. Lean is not for the diet or with only a few pounds to lose. The doctors at Brickhouse created Lean for Frustrated Dieters with 10 or more pounds to lose. Let's get you started with 15% off in free rest shipping so you can add lean to your wellness and exercise plan. Visit take lean, LEAN take lean.com. Enter code Dan 15. That's Dan one five for your discount. Check it out today, it's promo code Dan fifteen@takelean.com. Take lean.com. Check it out. These statements of product has not been evaluated by the fda. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease, not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider. Thank you. Take Lean and Brick House, we appreciate it.


I found this clip interesting. Again, this is a reason they wanted to censor you, the Washington Post and these other filth people in the media. They wanted to make sure you didn't hear any of this stuff last night. Theory Britton, this EU scumbag who wanted to censor his digital tyrant, okay? They don't want you to hear about things like the assassination attempt of Donald Trump and him getting back up and screaming, fight, fight, fight. Elon asked about it last night. It's a short clip and they got into that. But this is the part about the sniper, and I gotta tell you, this is what worries me about the Secret Service. If the Secret Service missed this guy on a roof at a hundred yards away, are they gonna be able to catch a guy in a Gilly suit 500 yards away? I'm not so sure not with the current regime. This came up last night.


Check this out. I mean, looking at the, the aerial views, I, that building would be like the number one spot for a sniper. I mean, it's like, it's like the If you were to pick. Like what is the favorite? What If you? So the goal is to assassinate what's your favorite spot? That building, that building would be number one. That Would've been the spot. It's like you couldn't, you can ask for a better location. No, it's like number One. No, that would've been this spot. Folks, the reason I picked that clip is actually twofold. Number one, they don't want you to know about the assassination attempt of Donald Trump. They're trying to memory hold this thing completely. It's incredible that they're still talking about January 6th as if it happened yesterday. And yet we're only a month away from Donald Trump getting shot in the head and a guy murdered and the they wanna memory hold this thing completely.


Matter of fact, Biden's already talking about they're, they're fine people. Hoax again and calling Donald Trump like a fascist and a threat to democracy, which is unquestionably incentivizing violence against him by the Democrat's own rules, but more, I think more importantly too, If, you listen to the whole thing yesterday, the hour and 45 minutes plus of conversation. Donald Trump just sounds very relatable. I think Gutfeld summed it up nicely on his Twitter feed that it's interesting to have this genius in Elon Musk and this guy who just completely changed the political ecosystem in the United States. Go back and forth on issues and talk comfortably about him. Whether you agree with them or not, it really bothers the left that Donald Trump is relatable and Kamala Harris is not.


She Kamala Harris can't talk about anything without cackling and giving a dumb freaking answer to the media. She's not relatable at all. I want you to listen to this too, because Elon clearly has a grasp over basic economics. The topic of inflation came up, a subject kicking every American in the balls right now because they're paying more everywhere. Grocery store, gasoline line, gas station, wherever they are, they're paying more. Here's Elon and Trump talking about the inflation problem, and Elon understands the genesis of the inflation problem. Is the government printing a bunch of money? Him and Trump had a pretty cool conversation about this, about a minute of the clip. Check this out. The inflation, it doesn't matter what you make, the inflation has eaten you alive.


If you're a worker or if you're a a just a a a middle income person, you can't afford, you know, four years ago, five years ago, people were saving a lot of money. Today they used all their money and borrowing money just to live. It's, it's a horrible thing that's happening and we'll end that quickly. Well, I Think a lot of, yeah, a a a lot of people just don't, don't understand where inflation comes from. Inflation comes from government overspending because the checks never bounce when it's written by the government. So if the, if the, if the government spends far more than it brings in, that increases the money supply and if the money supply increases faster than the rate of goods and services, that's inflation.


Folks, you understand now why they need to censor this, because what Elon's saying is just common sense. He's not even a political guy. Matter of fact, Elon, I, I think he mentioned last night, he's not even a Republican, but he's pointing out to Americans something they've been gaslit about forever. Oh, inflation's the fault of greedy corporations. Greedy corporations. They just got greedy under the Biden presidency so corporations weren't greedy and then oatmeal brains gets into office and all of a sudden greed spiked and you believe that it's got nothing to do with the government printing trillions of dollars of money to give to people the money then goes and chases products and raises the prices of say products.


Sure, sure. That's what they don't want you to hear. Folks, listen to me. I'm gonna continue to preach this and you need to take it from your brother Dan here. They are not afraid of Donald Trump because of the politics. Yes, granted, time out, I get it. The left, the liberal communist losers in the media, the zeros, the digital tyrants. Yes, they hate conservatism and there will always be a base level of hatred for any freedom based agenda because they're collectivist socialists that hate freedom. I get that. But why say this is the base level of hatred they have for conservatives.


What is it about Donald Trump that has 'em up here? I'm telling you, it is his effect on the culture. He has opened the eyes of traditional Democrat constituents, people who voted largely just the numbers. Folks don't kill the messenger. Black voters, Hispanic voters, Jewish voters and others, they're now opened up, their eyes are opened up and they're seeing the Republican party in a different way because Trump, Trump has broken through the mist. You know that horrible Stephen came with, they broken through the mist. Okay? He has opened eyeballs and it freaks them out. I want you to watch this. This is his I, this was on, it was Rocket and it's right around TikTok and this kid just goes into a Home Depot and a Lowe's.


It's a simple man on the street interview I could show you in case you're saying, Dan, these single subject things don't mean anything. This is an accurate sample size. It's not a poll point stipulated. You are correct. However, I could show you a hundred of these man on the street interviews. I just showed you another one yesterday with Newsmax. Isn't it weird everywhere these people go and do these MOS interviews met on the street, they can almo, they can't find anyone that supports Kamala. And when they do, they're always angry. Like the crazy Karen type from yesterday or the guy in this video, watch this. This is why they're so scared of Donald Trump. The answer Says more than the answer itself, Right? What's that? The Way that the answer says more than the answer Itself? Yeah. Yeah.


Watch this. Watch the watch the way they answer the question so quickly and watch the one guy, the one guy who loves Kamala. Watch how angry he is. Check this out. Trump or Kamala? Trump. Trump or Kamala for President Trump. Trump or Kamala. Who? Trump or Kamala? Not Kamala. Excuse me, sir. Trump or Kamala? Trump. Trump or Kamala, huh? Trump or Kamala? Oh, Trump for sure. Trump or Kamala? Hmm? Trump. Trump or Kamala? Trump. Trump or Kamala? Trump. Trump or Kamala for President Trump?


Not a single person said Kamala yet Trump or Kamala? What are you talking about for President Trump or Kamala? Kamala. Fuck Trump. You were the first person to say Kamala, right? Right. don don't really like her. Well, I don't care. What would you say to Trump? Trump's an asshole. He belongs in jail. What? Why are they so angry? Why are they so angry? Why is it the crazy Karens and guys like this who just seem to hate everything? What the hell is wrong with these people? This is what they're afraid of. Guys, listen, ladies out there and Jens, I'm telling you this is what they are afraid of.


They are not afraid so much of the conservative policies, they think they can lie about those in the media. Oh, taxes are a gift to the, you know, tax cuts are a gift to the rich. You'll just say the same lines over and over again. They are so afraid of Trump the way he talked to Elon last night and that he doesn't sound like a standard typical run of the mill politician, like run off in a printing press over and over again. He sounds different and different people who have traditionally been in lockstep with the Democrat party's talking points are now like, man, this guy just sounds different. I'm gonna follow him instead, I'm gonna place one last clip and take a break in it. I want you to listen to this in case you, again, receipts matter. Okay?


I can say whatever the hell I want. If I can't back it up with receipts, then find a different show 'cause I'm worthless to you. You may say, oh, that's just your opinion. That's some kid in a Lowe's Home Depot who gives a damn Newsmax. That was just some people in the Bronx or Brooklyn, wherever they were. Yes. Ah, whatever. Here's M-S-N-B-C, Ms. N, bbc. Now one of my guys, Ms. NBC, diehard Commies, here is a, a segment on Ms NBC with their political editor acknowledging what I just told you, that the Kamala thing is all AstroTurf. She's not moving independence or black voters one bit and this is all bullshit the whole time. Watch this With young people. Is there any data on that?


So what's interesting is that young, young voters and also ended up black voters, didn't change all that much between where Biden was in Pennsylvania and July and where Harris is now. Independents didn't move in Harris' direction That I just told you this yesterday, guys, receipts matter, man, opinions are like moles. Everybody's got one, okay? She's not moving anything. This is all fake. This is why they're freaking out. The more Trump talks, the more people he converts, the more Kamala talks, the more people she alienates. This is why they need to censor us.


They're afraid of his impact on the culture. It is not the policies. Trust me on this one. Quick break and I'm gonna show you some tweets here. I'm gonna show you some voter registration numbers too, to just hammer my point. This thing is all this Kamala phenomenon thing is crap.


Hey, one of the number one questions I get from listeners is How can I get into conservative fight? Well, it's critical to know where your dollars are going. Now these credit card companies are funneling millions of left wing causes and candidates hoping you don't notice, but now you have a choice. Coins, C-O-I-G-M is America's conservative credit card. Find them at COIG n.com With every transaction you help COIN advance conservative causes and charities at no cost to you. COIN empowers us to take back our country with every swipe and it's a great looking credit card you'll take pride in using its bright red With we the people on the front. COIN works everywhere. Visa's accepted and comes with a 100% US based customer service team and consumer protections. It's the only card worthy of your wallet. Start earning cash back while fighting the liberal agenda today. Apply now at COIN dot com. That's COIG n.com. Be sure to select Dan Bonino and how did you hear about a section? We'd really appreciate a terms apply. Go to COIN dot com slash disclosures for full details


and our last sponsor, and I'm gonna show you this tweet Proving my point again, this is all, this is all a fairytale. They're telling you don't fall into trap.


Hey, getting a good night's sleep is critical to your overall wellness. That's why I'm thrilled to tell you how much I love my Helix mattress. I'm sleeping and feeling better every day. Love it. The Helix lineup offers 20 unique mattresses, including their award-winning luxe and ultra premium elite collections. Helix Plus is a mattress designed for big and tall sleepers and the Helix Kids mattress designed for growing bodies. Take the Helix sleep quiz, find your perfect mattress in under two minutes, and your personalized mattress is shipped straight to your door for your charge. Helix offers a 100 night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty to try out your new Helix mattress. Every Helix mattress is a hybrid design combining individually wrapped steel coils in the base with premium foam layers on top. It's a perfect combination of comfort and support. Even better to set up is fast and easy. Helix is offering up to 20% off all mattress orders and two free pillows. For our listeners, go to Helix sleep.com/dan, that's H-E-L-I-X Helix sleep.com/dan. It's our best offer, yet it won't last long with Helix. Better sleep starts now. Thanks Helix. We appreciate it.


Look at his tweet. Look at his tweet. You think I'm making this up? Political polls. New July voter registrations. July last time I checked, that was last month. I think it's August Republicans plus 252,794 Democrats. Is that a negative? That looks like a negative to me. That looks like they're down 19,088. I'm not crazy, right? And by the way, you know math, that's like a dash. That's not a negative negative. That would cancel out. That's an actual negative. Here they are by by state. Look at this folks. Florida kicking ass and taking names. North Carolina. We're winning folks.


We're winning. This does not mean get cocky. I told you they're gonna try to steal the damn thing. In the beginning of the show, you got these crazy digital tyrants trying to censor us. I'm just trying to make the point that don't fall into the Kamala trap either. Kamala, it's gonna win. It's over. Everybody stay home. Trump's got no chance of winning. Everybody can cut the bullshit right now. California. That's crazy. California. I know, right? California plus 94,000 Democrats lost 43,000. That's California. That's insane. Look at these numbers. This is July. This is last month folks, this is why too. You see this tweet by Richard Hanania. This is a great one. Here's a graphic.


This is why Kamala Harris and Tim Walls are in a lot of trouble, folks. They're not like you. I'm sorry they're not like you and no, I'm not talking about the shit. Cheap identity politics, the Democrat, the Democrats play. I'm talking about real world experience. You all work for a living. Everyone out there has had a job, some kind of job. Your fingernails got dirty at some point. You've worked and produced value. The Democrat ticket, he notes, has literally no private sector experience. Look at this graphic. There's Donald Trump in the private sector. There's JD Vance in the private sector. There's Kamala Harris not in the private sector, and Tim Walls not in the private sector.


They don't know you at all. Why are they unrelatable? Because they've never done things that would have them have to relate to other people where there's a freaking consequence. If, you are in the free market workplace and whatever. That rumble gave me this, when we got 2.5 million followers, somebody made this, if they made this damn thing and it fell apart and it cracked, no one would buy their little rumble statues anymore. There's a consequence. Kamala Harris and Tim Walls have never been in a free market of Ka. They don't know anything about you. Nothing. Folks.


Donald Trump was a, was a, was a developer in New York. You have to deal. I've lived in New York for a long time. I was a cop there. Okay. You have to deal with unions. You have to deal with, you know, people mixing and pouring cement. You have to deal with HVAC folks, plumbers, electricians. You have to deal with banks. Donald Trump has had to deal with people. JD Vance's been an entrepreneur. He's been a marine, he's been a lawyer. You have to deal with people. This is why Donald Trump can do this. I want you to watch this video and see how relatable he is. Listen, I'm gonna tell you something, I I I, I'm not, I'm just, lemme be straight with you, okay folks, I'm not objective on this.


I admit it. Unlike the media that can't admit it on this specific thing. I can't be objective. I try, but I can't. I know Donald Trump pretty well. Not name dropping. Who gives a shit? He knows a lot of people. I'm just telling you behind the scenes, he is a genuinely, genuinely nice guy. I I know that's a kind of a milk toast. He's what do you mean nice? All he cares about is how you feel at the moment. You want the first time I met him at Mar-a-Lago, I was there with someone else. I got an invite. I'm not a member, but I got an invite there. All he cared about was, Hey, you wanna try the crab meat? I was like the crab meat.


My wife was like, the crab me. I'm like, it's his crab, man. He's crab meat. It's all he cared to try to crab me out. He's like the nicest guy. You sit down and talk to him. He's so completely relatable. I want you to watch this interaction he has with this mother of this, this, this soldier. I want you to just watch this thing and I'm telling you, this is exactly how he is in the real world and this is what they're afraid of. His change on the political culture. Watch this. He Is, it's unusual. Yeah. In the middle of honor guys, usually they're in pretty rough shape, right? Beautiful job here. Thank you so much. Thank you. I wanna look like that guy, Mr. President. Mr. President. My son is going into the army next month.


Oh wow. Can I get a photo for you? Come on, get over here. You'll end up being a general for you. Go ahead. Can I can back in office. Can I get an internship? I think you could. Is this your mom? May I have the honor. How you turn out this. Come on, let's go. Thank you. I promise you I'm not name dropping folks. I, I I promise it's stupid and you sound like a loser. But I've had the pleasure of a few distinct experiences with Mr. Trump here. That is exactly how he is. I'm not telling you that friendly means you should vote for them.


Honestly, I'd rather an unfriendly guy who's a good conservative than a friendly guy who isn't. But If, you can get a friendly, relatable guy who will push Abraham Accords. Tax cuts, conservative justices and regulatory reform and school choice. I'll take it. Relatability does matter. A lot of people vote on this stuff. Gutfeld did an amazing segment about this on the five. Gutfeld has got a unique feel for this. I think it's because he didn't, he worked at a fitness magazine. He's done comedies, written books. He hasn't been a traditional, like conservative commentator.


Gutfeld from, I'm talking about Gutfeld from Fox, obviously Greg Gutfeld. Gutfeld has a very unique take on Trump and this went nuclear yesterday on social media because I think it sums up the Trump kind of persona and what the liberals are afraid of, I think almost better than I did yesterday. I was trying to make the point out. He's a cultural phenomenon. That's what the left's scared of. Gutfeld kind of said some of the same things, but I think he said it even a little better. I want you to listen to this. Check this out. Trump is never gonna be a politician. He wasn't raised as one. He doesn't act like one. He did a 70 minute relentless. He question and answer period. What should be gained from that? Like when you walk away from that, you can go, God, I wish you would reign that in.


But the thing is, the one thing that you saw, if let's say with the five, we have millions of viewers, a lot of them don't like Trump and a lot of 'em are Democrats. So they're listening to me tell you why this matters. He's engaged and that's really necessary right now. All of the pistons are working. He was there for 70 minutes. He answered every question. You can tell that he's gonna be like that with everything because he is, there's not that phony engagement of the establishment politician where they say exactly enough it's need and it's tidy. And it's almost impossible to remember what they said after they said it. Politicians are trained to say nothing, you know?


And he can't do that. He never got that training. That is so, so spot on. Folks. He's, I I, I brought this up years ago, by the way. Michael brought up a good point about that video with the, with the soldier's mom, did you notice he doesn't have to sniff anyone. He's not sniffing the hair. He's not groping them. He's not like feeling the mop like this weirdo. He's just a normal guy who talks normal. And you know what? Sometimes when people are engaged in normal conversations, they say things that aren't focus group tested and that's okay. It's okay.


That's what the back and forth is about. I brought this up years ago when I first started my podcast. Donald Trump is not conditioned having been say, a state assemblyman, a state senator. Graduates to Congress, then runs for senate, then runs for governor, and then runs for the presidency. By the time they get there, they have sold themselves through so many different people. Nothing. They tell you matters, brother. You have any idea how many people lobby you when you run for office? Believe me, I know on everything, patent issues, school choice. By the time you've been in politics 15, 20 years, you don't even have a freaking original thought.


That's not what he does. He doesn't need their money. You can't lobby him on anything. And sometimes he says things that maybe aren't focus group tested, but the normal person's like, you know what? That kind of sounds like an answer I'd give. It's okay. It's okay. Now this segment's important. Okay, don, don't know why I saved it to the end of the show. He's right. Sometimes I gotta like, sometimes the order is joking. Do you guys think I messed up the order today A little bit because I'm in like a mood today. Like the show. I'm like, as you could tell, I'm a little bit like this tip story is important. Forget the taxes on tips.


Can I be straight with you folks? Well, I just had, I'm gonna do it anyway. The taxes on tips thing may or may not happen. I would rather see some systemic tax reform rather than a specific carve out for tax on tips. If, you want my opinion? Having said that, the no tax on Tips proposal was genius. Dan, you just said it's probably not the most economically efficient thing. I'm not talking about the economics of it. I'm talking about the messaging component. I told you yesterday on my radio show, getting people to think about the cost of government is one of the genius moves Donald Trump did with the Tax on Tips thing for the first time. They're thinking to themselves, you know what, if I could keep more of my money and not give it to the government, this is an expense in my life.


I'd love to get back. 'cause I can spend the money better than government can. Ladies and gentlemen, people don't think about that often. Why not? Why not? Withholding the greatest scam the Democrats and swampy Republicans ever pulled was withholding. You don't even see it anymore. You get your paycheck. I ride these guys that work here, they work at the Bonino Inc. They get a check. Government takes out the tax. They don't have to cut a separate check. Now I do, and let me tell you something. When you gotta cut a quarterly check some of the checks I gotta write, what's the first thing that comes to your mind? Holy Moses, the government's freaking expensive.


What the hell are they doing for me? Donald Trump's no Tax on Tips was genius because it got Americans talking about the cost of government. It's also genius because Kamala Harris stole it. Why? Why is it Gene? The Wall Street Journal? I listen, I love their opinion section. They had the most ridiculous op-ed piece I've ever seen yesterday saying, what a dumb idea by Trump Tax on Tips. We told you Kamala Harris was just gonna steal it. That's the point. Are you guys this dumb? You keep MI, I'm sorry, guys at the op-ed com. You keep missing the Trump phenomenon.


It keeps going right over your head. Kamala Harris and Joe Biden are running on this idea that Trump is some fringe lunatic who's only in this, this to benefit his rich friends and his economic principles are only gonna benefit the rich. They've said it a thousand times, but how crazy can Donald Trump be if you're literally copying his ideas? You, I mean, folks, if you're listening on Apple, that whistling sound is information going right over the freaking Wall Street Journal's head.


Here's Kareem Jean Pierre yesterday at the White House Press podium forced to acknowledge that Donald Trump's tax on tips idea is so great that even Joe Biden's in this is just, you're totally missing the point. Check this out again. Vice President said she would if she followed former President Donald Trump and saying she would support a proposal that would not tax such wages if such a, if similar bill made its way to the President, United, president Biden, would he sign that? That something not something he, he would, Oh, absolutely. Look, this is something that the president supports. He supports eliminating taxes on tips for service and hospitality workers.


Why? Folks, do you understand the point the journal is missing? This is not complicated. You can't simultaneously run on two completely different ideas. Donald Trump's an economic lunatic only in it for his rich friends, but by the way, his ideas are so great, we're gonna steal him. That doesn't work. It was a genius idea. Honestly, let me be straight with you again, not because it's gonna happen. It may, it may not. I'd rather see systemic reform. Again, I'm just being straight with you. I'm just telling you the messaging of it was glorious. You got people thinking about the cost of government so much so that Democrats stole the idea why saying Donald Trump's sa lunatic for his ideas that they stole.


How are you missing this? Why do you need old Dan Bonino to do this for you? Do I have to do all the work for you guys? You keep missing the Trump. It's amazing how many things about Donald Trump go over your head when you're blinded by, well, he said that. He said that here. Kamala Harris, by the way, is totally full of shit on this. Breitbart, Alana, miss Angelo VP Kamala Harris, you know she's the president of the Senate too, right? Cast the tie breaking vote to let the IRS track workers tips so they can be taxed. Wait, wait, so Kamala Harris, who's now stealing Donald Trump's economic ideas while saying his economic ideas are crazy, actually cast a deciding vote to do the opposite of what Donald Trump wants.


Kamala Harris wanted to collect more money from service workers. It's right there. Look it up in Bre s in the newsletter today bunch, you know, dot com newsletter. Look it up. Here's Kamala right here with her own words right here. Here's Kamala Harris. I'm gonna steal Donald Trump's idea. No taxes on tips. Here she is in her own words. Check this out And eliminate taxes on tips for service and hospitality workers. Okay? Again, receipts matter, but you think I'm making that up and how much do I, how often do I have to tell you however much you can't stand the communist propaganda prop media.


It's not enough. Look at this. CBS, their verified Twitter account, VP Kamala Harris is rolling out a new policy position. It's not new CBS. It's actually Donald Trump's you Dipshits saying, shall fight to end taxes on tips for service and hospitality workers. Which is fascinating because months ago when Donald Trump rolled out the same policy, the same people at CBS tweeted this former President Trump's vowed to stop taxing tips would cost the federal government up to 250 billion over 10 years according to a non-partisan. Watch this celebration.


That's it. It's not happening, but it's great that it is. You notice too, how CBS when it's a Republican like Donald Trump, a conservative who proposes a tax cut CBS frames it as if it's the government's money. It's not yours. Like the government is losing money. It's entitled to IE yours. But yet, when Kamala Harris does, it rolls out a policy proposal. These people are full of shit. Here's a Fox news piece. Joe Biden's, IRS, this is from February of last year, plans to crack down on waiters tips. Folks, these people hate you. Let me listen, I, I, I, I'm sorry man again, but I gotta be a little bit harsh.


If, you were in the service business and you were falling for this. I am very sorry, but you are being suckered. You are falling into a trap voluntarily. I just gave you the information. Read the Fox News piece. Biden wanted more of your money, not less. Kamala Harris cast a deciding vote on this for more of your money, not less. It is your job to go and take the information football I've given you. Throw that sucker downfield, catch the hail Mary pass and run into the end zone. I can't do everything folks. They're about to wreck wreck. What's going on with the economy?


Don't fall for it. By the way, I'm gonna get back to this in a second, but I don't wanna miss this clip. The medical emergent me medical emergency in Nevada story is blowing up. P Peter Ducey. Thankfully I knew he would do the right thing. Ask the question about this at the White House press briefing yesterday, he asked Kareem Jean Pierre about biden's a medical emergency. Now, Ladies and gentlemen, you know something happened. Why? Because Kareem Jean Pierre said it didn't and she lies about everything watcher. Oh yeah, Biden just had co really, he just had Covid and you were about to declare a medical and transport him to the hospital from Air Force One. And just after that, Biden drops outta the race.


Folks, they are hiding something. Listen to me. They are hiding something with this story. Something very serious happened to him in Nevada. It is obvious. I have never seen a hospital route like that get activated. He was in real, something happened there. He was in some kind of real medical emergency and they are hiding it. Here's Kareem Jean Pierre. I'm absolutely sure she's lying about this. Listen to this. There's One more thing that came out over the weekend. There's this new Las Vegas police radio traffic that's published by the Daily Beast where officers were racing to secure a hospital emergency room on July 17th. They were under the impression that President Biden was having a medical emergency. What was it?


He Was not as you know, the president when we were in Vegas, tested positive for Covid. We let you all know and then we flew back here. Outside of that, there was no medical emergency. People are still testing positive for Covid. Folks, this is a huge scandal. I don't care what they're telling you. Let's just say I'm really confident right now that the initial reporting of I may just give proper 'cause. I don't want people getting upset. Charlie Kirk put it out there. Laura Loomer, Jennifer Van Lar, I believe Jordan Tel, the initial reporting they put out there about a pretty acute medical emergency.


don don't know what it is. I am extremely confident their reporting is accurate. They are hiding this because it the media, if it was Donald Trump would never let this go because Kamala Harris if something, and again, don don't want anything medical to happen to anyone. Let's just put that out there. If it were Kamala Harris is the backup. She's the vp. What did she know? Why is she hiding it? Why is Ducey the only one asking questions? Folks, we got big trouble right now. I told you I get back to the economy quick. They are getting ready to blow up your wallet to unburden it with the money that's in it right now.


See, our friend EJ Anoni comes on the show as good guy talking about economics. you know the treasury's estimating the debt this year to be, ah, don't worry folks, just $1.9 trillion. I thought Biden was lowering the debt and deficits. You fell for that. I'm sorry if you're that stupid liberals. $1.9 trillion we take in. What about, what about 4 trillion? We're spending almost about what? Six right now. How long you think this can continue, folks, but don't worry. Kamala Harris, who's only been the vice president for three and three quarters years right now, don't worry about it folks.


Kamala Harris is about to release an economic plan. Something like next week or something. It's not like she's been responsible for the Biden Harris economic plan that's kicked you in the nuts for the last three years. Here. Here she is talking about it. Don't worry. Wait till next week. Check this out. When can we expect You to roll out your policy platform next week and it'll be focused on the economy and what we need to do to bring down costs and also strengthen the economy overall. Folks, even the left wing Politico playbook crowd is noting that they're not gonna talk about policy at all. Democrat lawmakers told playbook. Why would we start talking about policy? We're actually better off running on this real wave of enthusiasm and energy.


It's the best thing Kamala Harris can do. I'm telling you, it's fake. This is not a real wave of energy. It's all AstroTurf bullshit. Let me play one more clip too that John Carl clip skip ahead to that 'cause I wanna play again. However much you can't stand the media, they are going to try to reinvent this woman again. She failed on economics, she failed on the border, they failed on public safety. They failed on geopolitics, they failed on public security, public safety. They failed on international relationships. They failed in the Middle East. They failed everywhere. Here's the embarrassing John Curl. I want you to watch this. Here's an interview and you're gonna hear at the end him trying to claim Kamala Harris wasn't the border czar.


While admitting in another interview, Kamala Harris is the border czar. Check this out. It was back in, in two years ago, more than two years ago, that the president put Vice President Kamala Harris and in in playing a critical role in terms of trying to stop the flow of migrants across the border. I mean, she, she was more than two years ago, she got this responsibility. I know she's not actually, she wasn't the borders However much. You can't stand these people, folks, it's not enough. They are afraid of information. We are living in digital tyranny right now where information asymmetries can tilt an election. If we lose an AI becomes entrenched and these Digital Service Act, EU tyrants take hold of this digital information economy for the next four years with communists like Kamala Harris in the United States.


Ladies and gentlemen, you can vote your way into this. You won't be able to vote your way out. Please listen to me. It matters. I wouldn't steer you wrong. Hey, thanks for tuning in. Please download the Rumble app. We had a great week, great quarterly report released yesterday for Rumble Growing. Really love the company so much. Help us out. Download the Free Rumble app. Make sure you follow us at rumble.com/bonino. Follow aveta show at rumble.com/bonino report. It's on at 9:00 AM we're on at 11 every single day. Also, follow us on Apple and Spotify. We really appreciate it. Everything's free. The follow us, help us a lot. We've been blowing up the charts. Apple, Spotify, and Rumble. Thank you so much. See you on the radio show here in a few minutes and back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM Live.


See you then. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.