
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host, Dan Bonino. Alright, today's gonna be like drinking from a fire hose a little bit, so I need everybody kind of zone in with me. There's a lot going on. We got the cr, we got Speaker Johnson. I think unfortunately folding on some stuff, some updates on the Trump transition. Everything I told you was right. Everybody's panicking. Oh my God. Not you guys, but the goofballs in the swamp. Oh, Trump is appointing controversial picks. Really? We were right. Again, I got that. An update on the CR and a piece of video by a liberal M-S-N-B-C, fake news journalist, but it really kind of nails Donald Trump.


I know that sounds crazy. Stay tuned. You'll see what I mean. It's an important piece of


video. Try Beams Dream powder. Get up to 45% off for a limited time at chop Beam dot com slash bino. Use code bonino at checkout,


as I said, really big show for you today, the week before Christmas. Tell your friends to tune in because the CR is an absolute disaster and it ties into a story I discussed yesterday too. The cr, by the way, is this big bill full of junk and garbage you're trying to pass before Christmas. That's a big no ski for me.


As someone who lives a very public life and regularly shares content online, I am hyper aware of how my information is being tracked and used. Your personal information could be sold online right now without you even knowing. That's why I recommend Delete Me. Delete Me is a service that helps remove your personal information from hundreds of data broker websites and even the dark web. Go to join delete me.com/bonino. Enter code bonino at checkout now and tell your relatives too. Email addresses, phone numbers, even home addresses could be floating around waiting to be scooped up by scammers. It's scary, but it's preventable it. Holiday season, take action. Help protect your privacy by getting a Delete Me membership. Get it for yourself and gift it to protect your family. To help eliminate the worry about your information falling in the wrong hands. Give the gift of privacy and peace of mind with Delete Me and right now at a special discount for our listeners. Get 20% off your Delete Me Plan when you go to join delete me.com/bonino. Do it today, protect yourself. Use promo code bonino at checkout. That's an astonishing 20% off@joindeleteme.com slash bonino. Join delete me.com/bonino. Use code bonino. Don't let your personal information get out there.


Alright fellas, let's go. I'm gonna get to the cr, but I wanna handle this first because again, folks, when you're watching shows like this and others, we're not the only ones. We're the ones typically with our fingers on the pulse because we do a lot of research as to what the left is saying. I got a clip of A-M-S-N-B-C reporter coming up next, but they'll never, ever pay attention to what we're doing without seeing us through some bizarre lens. Long and short of it is we're always ahead of the news cycle. I told you this Trump transition is going amazingly. They have learned a lot of lessons from last time. There are two big takeaways from this transition. I want you to just really kind of tattoo on your brain that are different than 2016.


Two. You ready? Number one, which I mentioned before, but I'll mention again because it's important on how to analyze this whole situation and how to learn from politics. They learn from the Flynn scandal the first time the Mike Flynn scandal. And when I say the Mike Flynn scandal, I don't mean a scandal involving Mike Flynn, Mike Flynn's a patriot. I mean the attack, the scandalous attack on Mike Flynn by the FBI and the media. I don't know if you remember what happened in 2016. Most of you do. Donald Trump announces that Mike Flynn General Mike Flynn is going to be his national security advisor. The Obama Deep Staters and others were terrified because Mike Flynn knew about what was going on with the Iran deal.


You can look all of this up. It's in some of my books if you feel like you get 'em from the library. So I'm not trying to sell you a book, you get the point. However, scandalous what happened with Mike Flynn, the media and the deep state wanted nothing more than to get rid of Mike Flynn. Mike Flynn wrote this manifesto about how the intelligence community was failing and failing America and the intelligence community shit themselves. Folks, how to get the wies out. They were like, this guy's gonna be the national security advisor. They're gonna start turning over rocks everywhere we're screwed. So what happened was they squeezed the Trump team and someone gave Donald Trump bad advice and they got rid of him.


That started the whole, I'm telling you, the whole Russia thing start after that because it reminds me of the Jerry McGuire line. Jerry, do you know bees and dogs can smell fear? I don't think bees and dogs can smell. Maybe dogs can, but I'm telling you, once they smelled fear inside the Trump team, it never stopped. Lesson number one, they learned from that. They're giving the double barrel middle finger. You've got tulsi up there today. Tulsi Gabbard, RFK, Matt Gaetz pulled his own name out. You've got Pete Hegg, Seth, they are plowing ahead. I'm gonna show you the receipts too coming up. Donald Trump's like, we're not pulling our guys out. You want a toy with us on the swampy Republican side? We'll, primary your arrest.


The second lesson is they let the media now discredit themselves instead of responding to every single thing the media does. Trump is letting the media discredit themselves. He figured out that yes, it is worth taking him on, but it's not worth taking him on on every issue. Why? Because the Bino Army's here for that. Everyone in the chat, raise your hand, put a big hand waver in the chat. That's what we are here for. He doesn't need to take on every fight, let them discredit themselves. He does not need to be knee deep in every single thing. They learned that lesson and the, I'm telling you, this transition has just been different. They have effectively learned to manage political capital.


Hey, I need you guys to bust up the chat for me right now too. We had a little safari issue yesterday with the chat. Everybody put something in the chat right now just to have Chris from Rumbles watching everybody waved to Chris. Hey Chris, we love you buddy, and we love the Rumble team. Can you break the chat? We, there's a little bit of a glitch on my safari thing, so we need you to bust it up. Yeah, thank you. Fire that team. Ha ha. Fire it up. Fire it up. I'm sorry to keep asking you this, but you guys rumbles for everyone. We wanna make sure it works great and the Rumble team cares so much, even if there's a little glitch, the Rumble team learns too. So unintended segue, they learn, we learn from all our little mistakes here and there. Man, that chat is really firing out. Gosh, if you guys are missing this every day at 11:00 AM join it. There's not a chat like this anywhere on the internet, anywhere, period.


We're in charge. We can, we can dissect the media stuff. They don't need to fight every fight. This is, this transition is run so smoothly right now. And even Jerry Baker at the Wall Street Journal who I me say in advance, I like his work. He's not a Trump guy. I I, I will pursue a broad spectrum of opinions trying to put my show together. We don't have to agree on everything. Jerry Baker of the journal is not a Trump guy, but this article's worth your time. Trump is back this time without disdain as his domestic critics have gotten in line. So the world is saluted his restoration if reluctantly, he's basically acknowledging in the peace that this is totally different this time that Trump is coming into office with a massive amount of political power we haven't seen since 2004.


We just haven't. And Trump knows how to use it this time. So I gave you my two takeaways, Flynn, and they're letting the media discredit themselves without jumping in on every single thing. They're learning to be more tactical and Republicans are responding positively, ladies and gentlemen's. Why titled the show This thing? This is Trump's GOP. Now you don't have to like it. Nobody gives a shit. It doesn't matter if you like it, it just is. It doesn't matter. It's like saying, I don't like the fact that five plus five equals 10. Nobody gives a shit. If you like it, that's what it equals. Here's an Harry Anton segment. He's a pollster over at CNN. So he has no reason obviously to lie about Trump's popularities, that CNN.


They don't wanna put on positive stories. But here I want you to watch this segment about poll numbers, about the Trump transition folks. The GOP approval for the transition is near universal despite the media's transition. Hysteria, oh my gosh, RFK. Controversial nominees. Never listen to those losers. Always listen to us. Check this out there. There were some anti-Trump sentiments going on among GOP voter voters during his first term. What does it look like now for his second? Yeah, I mean, look, it's just, it's the same basic thing that we see in the United States and the United States House. All right, Republicans on the Trump transition, you go back to January, 2017, it was 80% approved. Now that's not bad, but oh my goodness gracious.


Look at where we are now. It's 96%. I mean, you can't get any more universal basically than 96%. Those that disapprove. Look, it was 10% back in January, 2017. Now it's down to get this. It's down to just four. It's down to just four. So look, there are no GOP opponents in the United States Congress. There are very few among Republican voters. This is Trump's party, MIT Romney, a hundred percent correct Folks. Again, this is CNN. They have no reason to make Trump look good. They only have a reason to make Trump look bad. They're obviously ideologically opposed to every single thing he does. They hate the guy. They have no reason to do that. This is Trump's GOP.


Now why do I put that out there? I'm never gonna waste your time, man. I promise you the show is meant to be entertaining, but I want it to be somewhat educational too because folks, GOP voters approve of what he's doing, moving in a more populous direction. That doesn't mean that does not mean we are going to agree on everything. We are going to have to reform social security. Obviously Donald Trump disagrees. I know that it's mathematically impossible to balance the budget without it. He has had to make some political calculations there. It doesn't mean I agree with him. I obviously didn't agree with him on his abortion stance for criminal justice reform. However, his stance in foreign policy, his stance on federal regulations, his stance on school choice, his stance on the economy and growth, producing a growth producing agenda, I agree with all of that.


His stance on the healthcare system trying to things like right to try and other things he did. You're not gonna agree with everything. The point is, the numbers are the numbers. You can say all you want, you know if you're the Wall Street Journal or these old school kind of center, right? Republican outlets like National Review that Donald Trump's a plague on the Republican party, but just nobody agrees with you. Maybe you are the plague on the Republican party. I'm sorry. You just don't get it. And the man understands during this transition that the political power is in his camp. It's different than 2016 where I, and I don't mean this as an insult, folks, I was never the president. I don't know what it's like to be a businessman and then boom, you're the most powerful man in the world walking in the Oval Office.


I don't know what that's like. It must've been overwhelming. That's not the case this time. 2016, the transition was, I don't wanna, it wasn't chaotic, it was just a little not mission focused and a bit disoriented in the beginning. That's not the case this time. It is totally different. Here he is, Trump and the pressor the other day, warning people who don't get on board with this agenda. He has the political capital and he's freaking gonna use it. That if you're not gonna get behind his nominees and his vision for where we should take this country with his cabinet, that they may consider a primary. And I'm gonna tell you something, if you're in a red state doing it, they should definitely consider a primary, as I've said before, Susan Collins in Maine, that's the best you're gonna get.


But Murkowski, Joni, Ernst and others, you wanna screw around. Then you're gonna politically find out, check this out. Should senators who oppose your nominees or cabinet nominees, should they be primary If, if they are unreasonable, I'll give you a different answer. An answer that you'll be shocked to hear. If they're unreasonable, if they're opposing somebody for political reasons or stupid reasons, I would say has nothing to do with me, I would say they probably would be primary. But if they're reasonable, fair and really disagree with something or somebody, I can see that happening. He understands his political capital this time he's in charge, it is his party.


He moved the needle in a direction. It hadn't been moved in a long time with minority voters, Hispanic voters, the working class. Honestly, I think we're catering a little bit too much in some cases to especially organized labor at at some. Listen, I wanna cater to the working class. American organized labor's interest in specific spaces is not always in the best interest of working class Americans. And I know that sounds insane, Dan organizer. It's the whole Manson concentrated interest and diffuse costs. Just because something may work for the steel industry in some small segment doesn't mean it works for workers across the country in the car industry that rely on steel.


However he gets it. He has moved the country in a more populous direction. He has moved the party in a more populous direction. Folks, this guy gets it. I'm telling you, he understands politics like no politician in our lifetime. I mean personal politics, I want you to listen to this when even insane leftists at M-S-N-B-C like Stephanie Rule are acknowledging what I've repeatedly told you about Trump. I ha I'm not name dropping anything that's stupid and you sound lame, but I'm telling you, having known President Trump for a while now, there isn't a person that understands personal politics like this guy. That does not change my view of politicians.


Everything should be viewed as a spreadsheet. They're a plus one or a minus one. But I'm not gonna bullshit. You either listen to me and I think you know this. Tell me in the chat, please tell me you get this just because I view the world like a spreadsheet. Politicians, I don't get emotional about anyone. You can be the biggest asshole in politics and believe me, like a lot of people have been assholes to me. They do stuff that works for the conservative movement. I'll champion it. That's fine. You can't ignore the fact that establishing personal relationships, which shows like this and others, that it does make it hard to just view it like a spreadsheet. This guy understands personal politics like no one else.


This is Stephanie rule from M-S-N-B-C. You wanna talk about the art of political persuasion. What she's saying here is absolutely true. She doesn't like Donald Trump at all, but she, this is worth every second. She talks about just dialing his phone number and he picks up, guys this happened before. I'm telling you, he will randomly call people for no reason and it's like the craziest thing. Listen to this. I'll tell you another story in the set, a break, check this out And I'll tell you one other example. The day after, the day after Donald Trump had that crazy rally of Madison Square Garden. Oh wow, yeah, garbage, garbage. I rolled the dice and I called him on the phone and he answered, Of course he did.


Of course what he said. And I wasn't calling to chitchat. I said, Mr. President, this is Stephanie Rule. You made a lot of comments last night, blah, blah blah blah. And it was, it was not an on the record conversation. Long story up. So I'm not gonna get into what he said, but I called for one reason. I said, you just said a whole bunch of public things. I'd like to sit down for an interview with you. We got five days before the election so we didn't get into anything. There's nothing for me to report. I called him and said, I want an interview with you. Obviously. He said No, but my point is I was able to get to him by dialing his phone. Now that might be completely ape shit and you're like, I can't believe people know this guy's phone number. But the the the reverse of that.


If I were to want to connect with VP Harris or President Biden, there's 50 people between me and that I could write a note that maybe could get to somebody to get somebody then threw Pony express and a pigeon, something might end up in a mailbox near them and I called DJ T to say, yo, can I have an interview? I'm gonna go fuck myself. But I still was able to connect with it. Yeah, but he's still picked up Folks. These are lefties, their figure. Even the insane lefties are figuring it out right now. This guy has kicked your ass politically because he's relatable and likable. It does not change my imploring you to treat politicians like a spreadsheet at all.


But I'm not a dumb ass. If you like someone, it's just harder to criticize them. It just is. It's hard. I love my brothers. It's hard to criticize my brothers when they do something wrong. I've gotta do it. But it's hard. Donald Trump gets this better than anyone. It is amazing to me. I mean like really stunning and astonishing being privileged to be in this space. And I do mean that not in awoke way. It is a privilege and a God-given honor to have an audience like you guys we're only, we're not even 20 minutes in, we got 120,000 and I'm pre-holiday week.


I freaking love you guys so much. It is a great honor. But I'm gonna tell you something, it is really shocking to me in this position, me have, I deal with a lot of politicians and a lot of people who cares. Like I said, name droppings for dipshits. How many politicians do not get this? They cannot figure out how to be even remotely likable. 90% of them, if not more, are total assholes with huge egos. There's one in particular, I'm not gonna say 'cause it's not important. It's a spreadsheet thing. And it doesn't matter if you like him. I'm just telling you, I did a lot of work for this guy and I, the guy could not be like, oh my, oh it's so frustrating.


I'll give you a quick story about Donald Trump to show you this is true. There's a, let's just say a good friend and a friend calls me and is asking me about some advice about something that Donald Trump's gotta make a decision on. And I said to the friend, I said, you need to call him. And the friend was like, no way. Call the president-elect. That's insane. Like he'll never answer. I said, some of you know his story. I said, trust me, call him. And I promise you he will pick up and if he doesn't, he'll call you back either in an hour, two hours or the next day.


Guaranteed, guaranteed. Judge Bonino is right. Sure enough, this friend calls picks up the phone friend calls me back 20 minutes later. I can't believe it. Picked up the phone and he was so nice. I told you, if the friend's watching, you know what I'm talking about and the thing he got done because that's who he is. He's the most likable guy. This isn't a throwaway segment. Do you wanna know how Donald Trump got this whole pocket of influencers? Because he was a really good guy with a good agenda and he understood personal politics.


Period. Alright, I gotta get to some bad news next. We talked about some good stuff. The transition, the art of personal politics, how this stuff works makes it difficult to criticize people if they like you. He also sends you tweets signed like he prints 'em out. Thank you for, it's the kind of guy he is. This freaking cr, this budget they are proposing is the biggest double barrel middle finger. The conservatives I've seen in a long time. I am not into Republican on Republican political violence. However, speaker Johnson, we're back to the spreadsheet here. This is not even a minus one. This CR is a minus a hundred. This is really bad. And if you let this thing go through, there are gonna be a lot of upset people.


Your political bank account is gonna be drained. Capital. I'm talking about political capital bank account. Please, this is a mess. I'll just give you a couple low lights and a couple congressmen who have been speaking out about this thing. 'cause this thing is a horror show. Let me take a quick break and we'll get back to that


blackout coffee. Be awake, not woke. Have a hot, fresh, bold. Never bitter. Actually this is water today. I don't want to cheat on you. You know I share today, but it's almost always blackout coffee. Blackout coffee. Have the cinnamon french toast. You don't like the cinnamon french toast? Say I don't like french toast. You like blueberry. Have the blueberry crumble. Nah, I like pie, but I like dark chocolate better. Blackout coffee's got a dark chocolate flavor too. They use premium grade coffee beans. It makes the coffee bold but never bitter. A lot of people don't even know what premium grade coffee tastes like 'cause they're used to drinking this crap. Low grade coffee beans. That's garbage. That's junk. It's brown water, it's bitter. That's not for you. The official coffee of The Dan Bongino Show and the Bonino Army is what? Blackout coffee. They ship within 48 hours of roasting the flavor's. Incredible. It's fresh, it's bold. Do me a favor, pick it up. Make this the official coffee of the Bonino Army. The owner of the company loves America a lot too, which helps me, but he's committed to really good coffee. Go to blackout coffee.com/bonino. See what I'm talking about? They're the real deal. It's time to quit drinking woke corporate drunk junk coffee every morning. Go to blackout coffee.com/bonino. Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. Make America great again. Make coffee great again. Make the switch to blackout coffee. You're gonna love it. Thank you. Blackout coffee. We appreciate it folks.


This cr, this continuing relu a resolution which would be a revolution. A revolution and even more government spending is a total disaster on the spreadsheet front where we think about politicians to spreadsheets. What the, is this bill? It is an absolute train wreck. We've got Doge coming up. This would basically fund the government through March 14th into next year. Obviously the bill is a complete abomination and a train wreck. There are no highlights. There are a ton of low lights. I picked out two, I mean obviously in addition to the massive amount of spending, there are no government cuts in this thing at all. Why we would pass this thing?


I have absolutely no idea. Shut it down if you have to. There is no way we should fund this thing. Gabe Kaminsky points out in this tweet at the funding bill includes a one year extension on the state department's Global Engagement Center. Global engagement center. You may be saying, what the hell is that? Well, what has two thumbs and can explain it to you? This cat right here, the Global Engagement Center was basically the censorship branch of the State Department. Why would we fund that into next year? I don't know because you didn't read the bill. I have no idea. Kaminsky's got the section of it right there. Title three, foreign affairs, global Engagement.


Engagement Center extension. This thing needs to be abolished immediately. You like being censored, you hearing all these stories now Facebook and Google are all showing up at Mar-a-Lago. Let me just say to the Trump transition team, listen man, I'm your friend. I think you know that. But I'm also a realist and I'm a pretty good guy for advice. And the Bonino army was there for you. Now you gotta be there for us. Unless you can get a commitment from these guys to cut the bullshit. They should not be welcome at Mar-a-Lago. Facebook is still censoring. Google is still censoring. It's all bullshit. They're just afraid of regulation. I saw Cernovich put something out this morning with some names of people who he says were censored.


I'm not sure if they were or weren't. I can tell you our Facebook page got crushed. I don't whine about it, but ladies and gentlemen, you can tell by the money, you can tell by the money when your Facebook page reaches a lot of people, it makes a lot of money from ad revenue. Ours has been sliced in half. I I don't give a shit about the money. That's not the point. The point is, the reach of my page has been crushed by Facebook. We were the number one conservative Facebook page in the world. They annihilated us. This is bullshit. Now we're funding the global engagement center. What the hell are we doing? Whose dumb ass idea was that?


I, I thought we were President Trump just won a massive mandate. It's his party now. 90 plus percent of Republicans approve of what's happening in this transition and we're funding this shit. Bill, here's a guy I'm really starting to like this. Congresswoman Burleson, he was on Newsmax, he was pushing back against this absolute shit. CR Speaker Johnson. Again, this is just a spreadsheet for me. I'm not your enemy, okay? But I am the enemy of bad shit. This is really, really stupid. There's also, by the way, a carve out for Obamacare in there. 'cause Obamacare sucks so bad. Members of Congress don't want to be in it. So they get to pull themselves out of Obamacare.


Don't, Obamacare was great. Not for members of Congress. Here's Burleson saying, Hey, we just won. Don't we have a mandate? Why are we pushing through this shit? Bill, check this out. I was Frustrated before I came here. Now I'm more frustrated that I'm here and I see how how horrific and, and how much of a disaster that our fiscal situation is and the lack of appetite to actually do anything about it is, is disgusting to me. And so I, I expected more from my Republican colleagues. I I expect more from, from my speaker to be the conservative that I thought that he was. But instead, we're gonna push through, you know, a hundreds of billion dollar package that's gonna add more debt to the, to the, to our def, our deficit to our debt.


And it's, and we're gonna, you know, continue this reckless process. Look, we, we, we complained about Nancy Pelosi dropping thousands of pages of an omnibus bill before Christmas. How is this any different? Producer, Jim just noted too, Congress gave themselves a raise in this. I'm not interested in giving these guys and women a raise. Why would we give them a raise? A raise for what? Like, well, we gotta make the job more attractive. Really? You gotta make the job more attractive. Thousands of people run for Congress every year. So again, people kiss their ass all day with lobbyists. I think they'll be fine. Burleson's, right? Why are we catering?


I I get what you're afraid of. They're afraid of after the Trump election, what they've been afraid of for the last 20 years. You guys in the chat know what it is they're afraid of. The media's gonna say, we shut the government down. The media's gonna say we're starving, grandma folks, the media's going to say that anyway. It doesn't matter. Nobody listens to these idiots. Only 30% of America, according to that gala poll, whatever it was, trust the media. It doesn't matter. We the media now, we should not be. I I get you're not gonna get everything you want right now. I understand that Trump has not been sworn in yet.


The new Congress isn't there yet. We still don't have the Senate. I get it, but my gosh at least put up a fight against this. Are we serious about preventing this inevitable bankruptcy of the United States of America or not? Here's Chip Roy, one of the few consistent voices on cutting government spending saying exactly right folks, we are going to have to be honest with the American people about our natural trajectory towards a bankruptcy cliff. There is a lot of stuff that's going to have to go. Government goodies are not government goodies. There's money stolen from you by the government and given to other people. Here's Chip Roy calling him out saying, Hey man, this is all bullshit.


They're all just pretending these people don't want to cut spending. Listen to this. And The conference needs to decide whether we're actually serious about spending. And they talk about, well we gotta do mandatory spending reform and bend the curve, but we just voted on a $200 billion shift of dollars in social security that's gonna shorten the time when social security expires or it goes bankrupt. We're just fundamentally un serious about spending. And as long as you got a blank check, you can't shrink government. If you can't shrink government, you can't live free. Do you Plan on supporting the speaker in January? Listen to me. Bonino Army, friends, friends, colleagues, some of you watch my show. We just had a massive seismic shift election, a landslide by any objective measure considering the political political winds of the time Donald Trump won because of two or three big issues.


The border inflation, probably public safety and a couple of other things you can throw in there. But there's zero question based on exit polling that inflation had a ton to do with it. People said, I don't want inflation, I want Donald Trump back when inflation was under 2%. What causes inflation? Anyone know in the chat? It's not hard. Government prints money to make up for the shortfall. It doesn't have. When it prints money, it goes into the economy and drives up prices. This isn't hard. If you helicopter drop a bunch of money on an island that only has a hundred dollars and you drop a thousand, everything's gonna cost more. 'cause there's now $1,100 chasing the products on the island.


This isn't difficult. We have to start making the case in these like Ross Perot, like half an hour commercials on TV to America. How the government taking your money, spending it and then printing more when it doesn't have enough money to take from you is causing the inflation crisis and it's gonna have to stop. This isn't a hard argument to make. They just don't wanna do it no more. Spending more than we take in. It's going to take time, but we've gotta start somewhere. Every single freaking Bill Omnibus, crs, budget bills, every single department bill comes. Oh, you know what? We'll kick the can down the road.


We'll get 'em next time. We won't get 'em next time. We're gonna do it this time. Take a quick break and I've got a conspiracy theory update. Our batting average fellas 1000 is correct. Still we're never wrong. I told you media people, every single time they call something a conspiracy theory, go out and bet on one of those betting sites on it. You'll make yourself millions. It's the craziest thing. How many times do you dip? Shit's gonna screw this up. How many times? How many times can you get one?


Right? You would think by accident these assholes would get one, right? Just one. You know, it would


Cheer you up. What these guys, so let me give you a little inside joke. I'm sorry, I don't mean to get off track. So because these guys are the production crew, they know I gotta keep the show on a timeline because the radio show starts at noon and it's live, so there's no time to mess around here. So we've obviously gotta pay for the show. So we have sponsors we love, we are a capitalist, but it keeps the show free for you. All right, so if I'm not on track, gee and Michael and Justin have these various ways to get me to read the spot. So I'm talking about the media and he is, you know, would cheer everybody up. Maybe a package of Omaha Steaks. That's crazy. That's a, that's the next one. That's amazing how you guys did that. And then they throw the thing on the screen, which I can see, which is a signal like, read the spot. You guys are getting good at this. You got that from Gee though. Gee started that. He started with Beam Dream. That's how he started. Omaha Steaks the perfect gift to deliver comfort and joy to the ones you love. With curated gift packages, Omaha Steaks consistently delivers unrivaled quality and taste. Hand selected by master butchers from the finest grass finished beef, extra age flash, frozen, a peak flavor delivered right to you. Taste delicious. Deliver the perfect gift with 50% off. That's a huge savings@ohiostates.com. Plus our listeners get an extra $30 off with promo code, bonino at checkout. Minimum purchase and restriction may apply. The steaks are amazing. The burgers are amazing. We love their food. Omaha Steaks makes it easy to shop with expertly crafted gift packages. Every steak's perfectly aged for maximum tenderness. Hand cut by master butchers in the heartland, grass fed grain finished beef with more marbling for exceptional flavor. It's choices. Steakhouse and professional chefs around the world, the fan favor, filet mignons are in the coveted distinction of USD, the certified tender. Give the gift, the comfort and joy with Omaha Steaks. Go to Omaha Steaks dot com for 50% off Sitewide. Get unforgettable gifts, unforgettable gifts, and more. For an extra $30 off use promo code bonino at checkout. Minimum purchase may apply. It's 50% off at Omaha Steaks dot com, O-M-A-H-A and an extra $30 off with promo code bonino at checkout.


And our last sponsor today is MyPillow. Get some sleep. They're announcing their Christmas extravaganza. It's finally here. Get the seasons flannel sheets for as low as 59 98 won't last long. Get 'em all you can. The famous, my slippers haven't been on sale for over a year regularly. 1 19 98 now only 59 98 6 piece towel sets back in stock with extremely limited quantities. Only 29 point 98 with hundreds of MyPillow products is something for everyone on your Christmas list. Bass robes, duvets quilts, down comforters and so much more. Don't forget the classic collection pillows at wholesale pricing for a standard pillow only 1488 queen size 1888 King for just a dollar more body pillows for just 29 point 98 multi-use pillows, 9 88. Go to MyPillow dot com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Be sure to use promo code, Dan to save on all MyPillow products. For example, flannel sheets as low as 59 98 6 piece towel sets 29 98, but 29 98. But that's not all. Extend their 60 day money back guarantee now until March 1st, 2025 plus all orders over $75 or more. Ship absolutely free. So go to MyPillow dot com, we'll call 863 7 4 9 8 2 and use promo code Dan. Thanks MyPillow.


Alright, back to the show conspiracy theory update again, the batting average remains. Look at this. I'm not even a lefty. Look at this. Look at this. Will Clark like swing, remember sweetness? Will Clark played for the Giants? Look at this. Look at this. He liked that. Look at that nice and smooth elbow in right to the ball. Eyes down there. You like that? Batting average is a freaking thousand. Even will Clark never bat a thousand wasn't even close. The great Ted Williams, wasn't he the last guy to hit 400? George Brett got it, got got close thousand New York Times. Remember when the New York Times told us the Colorado, Aurora, Colorado gang Takeover story?


That is a false story. They didn't say that. Put it up on the screen. Kids, How the False Story of a Gang Takeover in Colorado reached Donald Trump. Holy shit. Can you guys get a freaking story right? Ever. Jonathan Weissman at the New York Times, Stuart Thompson, anyone? Stuart Thompson says, we live in an alternate reality bubble. Dumb ass. Stewart, have you ever, ever put a reflective object in front of you and said, man, maybe we live in an alternate reality. How the False Story of a Gang Takeover in Colorado Reached Trump Fox News from yesterday about the gang Takeover in Aurora, Colorado, which by the way, a police supervisor came out today and is absolutely sure this is gang related.


Check this out. Okay, Aurora, Colorado. Now this is a live look Now the sun is up there in that state and police have now detained 14 people and reported armed home invasion. That's the same apartment complex where a lot of people were complaining about the armed Venezuelan gang members roaming the halls reports indicate that investigators said that several suspects entered the apartment and had two people inside the suspects, then reportedly moved the victims to another apartment complex or rather another unit on the property where police said they were found, threatened and bound. Can someone send that story please? Bonino Army members. I I have a task for you, please.


It's not an order. I don't give orders a request. Can you please send this link over to Stuart Thompson to the show and ask him to explain the alternate reality the New York Times lives in, they can never ever get a story right? I have never seen an outlet claiming to be full of journalists. That is so stupid. Everything they tell you is bullshit. Do you understand this? Everything they tell you is bullshit. Here's another one. Remember when we were told Joe Biden has nothing to do with these weaponized government prosecutions of Donald Trump? That's a conspiracy theory. You guys are making this up. Joe Biden's an innocent victim.


He said he was hands off on all of this batting average a thousand conspiracy theory update. Now, breaking news, we find out that the funny Willis, Nathan Wade, Georgia prosecution of Donald Trump that there were meetings at the White House. I though we were told that was a conspiracy theory. Amazing how these conspiracy theories just keep piling up and turned out to be. Not conspiracy theories, but conspiracy facts. Take a look. Georgia Prosecutor in the Trump election meddling case testifies before the House Judiciary Committee, that's Nathan Wade and he admitted he met with White House staff on several occasions while working on the investigation that LED was led by Fulton County DA Fannie Willis.


He also says he had to brush up on his knowledge of racketeering law. So that continues. Folks watch Smooth, smooth. We make contact every time. Every time bunt home runs, triples, doubles. And we told you why did we tell you that was happening? Because a bunch of conservative SLU on Twitter X and true social putting out there, there was a substantial body of evidence that there were visits between the White House and the Georgia prosecution. But of course the Stewart Thompson, New York Times told you probably that was a conspiracy theory too.


'cause that's the best they can do. And yet another conspiracy theory update. I don't know if you guys remember this story, but this is a story sensitive in my heart that got a lot of your attention when I initially reported you remember this goofball, Cassidy Hutchinson, if you don't remember who she is, she used to work in the Trump White House. So the January 6th Sham Hollywood produced movies going on with Benny Thompson crying, Adam Kininger and these other losers, Liz Cheney and others. And this crazy story comes out from Cassidy Hutchinson claiming that Donald Trump tried to command Andee the presidential limo and did like some jujitsu move on the limo driver on January 6th because they wouldn't take him to the Capitol.


Now, I should have done this guy. I should have Guy, I should have had you guys pull this, I don't know if you remember the segment I did on this, but she's saying she heard this story from a secret service agent detail to the White House who told her this story and that the, that the time, the guy who was the agent in charge of Trump's detail, and the names are important here. The agent in charge of detail was Bob Engel. The agent in the White House that the allegations were the story flowed through was a guy by the name of Tony Ordo. Okay, ladies and gentlemen, I know both of these guys for a long time.


One was a White Plains guy when I was in New York. We worked together all the time. We worked together on the detail. The other guy was also up in that New York area. A New York type agent worked with him forever. I've known these guys forever. I also know people that know these guys. If, What are you looking at? What's wrong? Don't worry about it. Oh, he's like staring at me all weird, doing some like Jedi mind trick on me. The guy in the limo was Bobby Engel. If there was an attack on the driver by Donald Trump doing some jujitsu move and some kind of triangle choke or rear naked choke on the driver, Bobby Engel would've seen it.


Numerous sources told me this story is bullshit. Donald Trump never attacked the driver. There was never an argument about going up to Capitol Hill on January 6th. This is totally made up now again, again, Stuart Thompson's alternate reality. Reality was this show, the alternate reality were those assholes. You are at least two years ahead of this story. I told you it was bullshit. Now we find out that Cassidy Hutchinson and Liz Cheney may have been engaged in a back and forth kind of collusion thing here, and that may be the genesis of this fake UFC fight limo story.


Here's John Solomon on this exact thing, and let me tell you something, Liz Cheney and Cassidy Hutchinson could find themselves in a lot of trouble. If the Department of Justice wants to look into this. This could be witness tampering. Check this out. Administration Subcommittee on oversight. The committee that's been investigating January 6th, just released its final report for this year. It accuses Liz Cheney of tampering with the witness, Cassidy Hutson, trying to influence her testimony. It formerly recommends that the Federal Bureau of Investigation criminally investigate Liz Cheney when President Trump takes over on January 20th, one of several bombshell revelations in here.


The report also says that Jack Smith colluded with the January 6th committee, but that some of the evidence has not yet been turned over to Congress. They're demanding that that evidence be turned over, something that might happen when the new administration takes over. But it really significant and rare moment for Congress to actually suggest that one of its members should be criminally prosecuted for tampering for a, with a witness in an official government proceeding a house hearing The January 6th house hearing, as you remember, Cassidy Hutchinson was the bombshell witness for the Democrats, claimed that Donald Trump tried to commandeer the presidential limousine taken to the capitol. We now know that wasn't true. The Secret Service had already told Liz Cheney it wasn't true. She presented the evidence anyways to the American public, tried to give it credence.


There's some other testimony where Liz, where Cassidy Hutchinson talks about a document, she claims she wrote it. She didn't, someone else wrote it. All of that is laid out in this report. But the headline is, Liz Cheney could be facing an FBI criminal investigation based on this information that Congress has transmitted this morning. Folks, if you bored, only if you bored, go back and listen to my interview with President Trump that I did. What? About a week before the election up in New York, I went up to Trump Tower. We cover this at the end, and Donald Trump laughed at this story and do you remember what he said? You folks in the chat, you listen. You remember what he said? Trump said, I should have told you the story was true. Makes me look like a badass. I took out two highly trained secret service agents in the front seat with some jujitsu move and command dear to limo.


Like, damn, that's pretty badass. For a, for a, for a guy who's not young. He's not in his forties, he's not in his thirties anymore. The story was bullshit. I know all these guys. I know all the players. It didn't happen. Post-millennial. The House report that came out about this yesterday, by the way, that's where all this is coming from, recommends the FBI investigate Liz Cheney over alleged witness tampering. Yes. More, more, more. Kylo Freaking Red style more. Liz Cheney. Ladies and gentlemen, I have zero doubt knew this story was suspect at best.


Now, do you see why this January 6th committee deleted, what is it a terabyte of data? What was in that data? Was there some back and forth over the veracity of this story? Like, Hey man, I'm not sure this Cassidy Hutchinson story's the most reliable thing and they ran with it Anyway, you wanna see why they're afraid of cash? Patel, listen to this, but I want you to pay very close attention to the end. This was recorded a while ago. Cash knows this January 6th committee knows about the pipe bomb. They probably know the identity of person. They know about the feds in the crowd, and they know about all the lying that went on about the national security, the UFC fight and a limo, all of it, and magically a terabyte of data disappeared.


Listen to the end of this. It's really important. Check this out. The other Thing that I put in the book that I recommended the boss to do hits on this, we need a 24 7 declassification office Yes, rolling papers out 24 7 and not just like JJK and not just nine 11. You're talking to the guy that read the whole nine 11 report and those seven pages of people talk about, but I believe as, as like the guy who is an Intel guy who believes wholeheartedly in the classified system of information, I believe that it has been over abused by these corrupt officials in government to hide the truth and the, and enact more corrupt activity. So what I told the boss was like, I don't care what you call it, truth and reconciliation, dec whatever, come up with a better name.


But every agency and department literally submits all of their documentation, and I believe you could get half out half. I still think the other half needs to remain classified. I, I, I, I'll, I'll always argue that it does serve a purpose, but the, like you're seeing in these documents, in the Jack Smith case, they're just redacting stuff that they lied about, that they broke the law, All that stuff, terabytes of information, ladies and gentlemen, classified gone, disappeared. You see why they're so afraid of cash? Patel, you see why my golden rule of policy and appointments matters always gauge the effectiveness of a policy or an appointment or some judge selection or FBI director by the reaction of your political enemies.


If they freak out, it's for a reason. It's not an accident, man. That's why they don't want him in there. They don't want him looking into this. I'm not letting any of this go, folks. We are the media. Now, the identity of the pipe bomber on January 6th is gonna shock your soul. Maybe not the name you may, but who the person was and was working with the extent of federal involvement and the insurrection is gonna shock you to your core. The biggest scandal of our time, Stuart Thompson and the dumbass New York Times, will continue to be five, six years behind these stories because they're only interested in covering them up.


I'm not letting any of this go on a bit of a lighter note. We're the media. Now I wanna play this clip of Van Jones. Van Jones, a devout leftist. Once in a while, he'll say something that makes some modicum of sense, but I, I don't, you know, whatever, I don't even care, but I do care about this because I'm, I, I'll bet I I don't, I don't wanna say this in a, in a, I don't mean this in any kind of a nasty tone, but folks, the media environment is changing. You need to understand these terms. If you don't, you're gonna be left behind live streaming, V-O-D-O-T-T over the top cable broadcast.


They're not all the same thing. I don't want it, this isn't a whole media lesson today, but these younger kids, anyone basically 25 years or younger, Justin, tell me if I'm crazy. You're the only one who, well, maybe not are you, but you're the one who fits that criteria best right now. They're not watching cable news anymore, folks. They're just not Justin said correct. If you didn't hear 'em, they're not watching it. They're watching YouTube, they're watching Twitch, they're watching Rumble. They're watching X, they're on Snapchat, they're watching TikTok and a lot of it, you can watch a whole movie on TikTok in three minute clips. I'm serious. Go. Well, you can watch Moneyball, the whole movie on it's in clips, but you just keep scrolling and it'll go to the next one and the next one and the next one.


It's the most amazing thing. Live streaming is what you are watching right now. Well, I shouldn't say that. You may be VOD two in an hour. If you are watching at 1149 in 19 seconds Eastern time right now, you are watching a live stream. It is a live broadcast over the internet. It's not on a cable channel, it's not on a broadcast channel, okay? That's what a live stream is. Live streaming is the future van. What does that have to do with Van Jones? Van Jones is stunned that the Trump team knew about live streaming and the Democrats didn't. This is it. We have, look at it right now. We have a hundred and this is the week before Christmas, the big house in Michigan.


How many people does it fit? A hundred thousand. The football stadium. We have 141,600 people here at noon right before noon watching this show. You can't ignore this audience. Van Jones and the Democrats didn't know anything about it. They don't know the other names in this either. Here, watch this. We are sneaking up on these guys. They have, they are still stuck in yesterday's technology. Check this out. I asked my, I got a teenage son. I asked him, who are the most influential people in the world today? I'm thinking to myself. He's gonna say, Barack Obama, Oprah Winfrey, Jay-Z. He says, Kai sent Aiden Ross Jinxy and Sketch.


I don't know who he's talking about. I said, what? What? What platforms are you on? He goes, I'm on Twitch, kick and rumble. I said, that sounds like you need to go to the hospital. What are these platforms? I'm telling you guys, the mainstream has become fringe and the fringe has become mainstream. There are platforms. There are people out there that are getting 14 million streams and we're on cable news getting one to 2 million, and so there is a whole world out there. Kellyanne Conway. I hate to agree with her, but I do. A lot of times Donald Trump understood that and we didn't. Yes, sir, he did. You caught that right.


Van Jones and the Democrats know so little about how to get a message out on the left, and I applaud him for at least acknowledging it. He's not hiding here that they called Kai Sinat, Kai Scent. If you don't know Kai Sinat, as you know nothing about live streaming, now, you may say, well, Kai Sinat is basically an an influencer out there. He has a show. It's ridiculously popular. He's one of the few guys who beat, who will beat us on a live stream. We were number one last night and the night before we had beat Kai. They, Kyle beat us a lot though. Who's Kaisad? He's a really funny kid who has a show, young man, and he gets millions of people watching that thing and hundreds of thousands on livestream.


If you don't know that, get the hell outta politics. I'm sorry. He has an audience and you don't, and it's not Kai sent it's Kaisad. Who's Aiden Ross? Same thing. A massive young influencer with a huge audience. If you don't know who he is, get outta politics. There's something significant about Aiden Ross. What's significant? Donald Trump did his show, what? A month before the election and 500,000 streamers tuned in. I think it was like the third or fourth biggest live stream of the entire year. That's who Aiden, Russ is. They don't even know who he is.


Jinxy. These are all gamers. Then I love the, he doesn't even know the platforms kick. You know what kick is? Twitch Rumble. You've never heard of Rumble. The biggest live streamer in the world, and three of the top 10 are on Rumble, Bannon Crowder and me. If you don't know anything about Rumble, get the hell outta politics. We have blindsided these people on technology and Donald Trump gets it. The left is totally behind. They really believe people like Rachel Maddow and M-S-N-B-C and Stuart Thompson at the New York Times are controlling the dialogue. Why would you believe that? You keep getting your ass kicked on messages on political national elections.


The entire political climate of the country is changing because you don't understand how to get a message out. They still believe in stuff like this. You got that Rachel Maddow clip, hot tip, the Great Maze Moore, a great follow on X-M-A-Z-E-M-O-O-R-E, A really great account. Here's Maze Moore, here's Rachel Maddow. This is the, they believed this shit. Here she is. You're gonna hear her in 2016 touting a fake news poll outta South Carolina before they got their ass kicked in that election. Then you're gonna hear on 2020 hear in 2024, touting another fake news poll out of Iowa. You wanna know why the left believe shit like this? Because they don't know who Kai Sinat, Aiden Ross and Jinxy are. That's why they have no idea what's coming in this new area.


Media, media consumption. Check this Out. Hot off the presses. We are breaking this news right here, right now. You're gonna think I'm kidding, but the presidential race appears to be tied in South Carolina. Yes, I said South Carolina, not North Carolina, South Carolina, and that's why lots of people had strong reactions when the Des Moines register, Ann Sellar, Iowa Poll was posted last night, this pollster, and she's got her track record and this is out of a state where nobody saw it coming. Why would you believe stupid shit like that? Because you're consuming yesterday's media that only has a small sliver of America as a dedicated eyeball audience.


The rest of America or elsewhere, they're on Rumble, they're on Twitch, they're on YouTube, they're on truth. I, I don't know what to tell you guys. I'm not trying to coach you on how to be better, but you can continue to shit on rumble all you want. The bottom line is we're winning and you are losing even Van Jones' kid is watching. You think it's an accident that now close to 142,000 people are here? Ladies and gentlemen, it's freaking lunchtime. We're not even on in primetime. You may say, oh, 142,000 people, Dan, CNN, will get 800,000 at night. You ever see our VOD numbers video on demand? In other words, people who watch the show after it's live, they're over a million every single night.


That doesn't even count Apple and Spotify. And it's not just us. We're the media. Now, here's a great clip by Michael Shellenberger that people are catching on that nobody believes these people anymore. Talking about this drone story and why nobody trusts the government anymore or the Rachel Maddow of the world. 'cause they constantly lie about everything. Check this out. Last Week you had both DOD spokesperson, John Kirby and my York as the head of DHS, insist emphatically that there had been no drone flyovers over US military bases. Well, that night, actually on Friday night and then Saturday morning, there was a flyover of the Wright Patterson air base in Ohio. And in fact it's been widely reported.


So it's curious why they said that yesterday. Then Kirby came out and said, well of course we all know that there'd been these drone flyovers. He also said on Friday to Martha McCallum, he said, Kirby said that they were investigating these cases and then yesterday he said that they had closely examined 5,000 cases. Are we to be led to believe that they examined 5,000 cases? 5,000? It's actually 6,000 according to FBI. But 6,000 people were interviewed, asked where they were, where, what direction they were pointed in that it just strains credulity for them to say these things. It really undermines the trust and that's why you see conspiracy theories emerging into the vacuum. The last Folks we're the media. Now, by the way, haven't covered the drone thing that much in the last couple days 'cause I don't wanna saturate you's A lot going on the cr, the transition, there's bigger stories.


However, you may not trust Mike Mc Foley's, a Republican congressman. You may or may not, but I'll play the clip for you tomorrow. He does have some inside information and seems to indicate that these are in fact drones. Some of them, some just like I told you that from China, foreign adversary. You don't have to believe them, You don't have to believe me. I'm just saying the overwhelming amount of evidence points in that direction that at least some of these things that are still unexplained are being left unexplained for a reason. 'cause the government doesn't wanna tell you how shitty of a job they're doing, protecting our airspace. Hey man, listen, I, I, I can't thank you enough for your support a rumble. Like I said, when even Van Jones's kid is watching Rumble, it's, it's pretty crazy.


Like I'm pretty floored that this platform's exploded. Please help us out. Join Rumble. Download the Rumble app. It is free. Give us a follow. While you're there, look up The Dan Bongino Show. You can also just watch it on desktop at rumble.com/bonino and please help us out on Apple Podcast and Spotify as well. Give us a follow on those platforms. The Dan Bongino Show. See you here on the radio show in a few minutes, and back here, live tomorrow at 11:00 AM See then you just heard The Dan Bongino Show.