
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host. Dan Bonino. Alright, I, I got a plan. I have a plan and I need you to hear me out on this because your first instinct, many of you, not all of you, I promise it's gonna be what? Are you crazy? I I just need you to hear me out.


Today's show is sponsored part by Blackout Coffee. Stop giving you money. These garbage coffee companies don't care about you. Visit Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order.


It may sound crazy at first. It involves Trump, the VP announcement, Biden's cognitive disorder and the news cycle. And I think when you hear me out, you're gonna say, sounded crazy when you said it, but now it makes sense. We're gonna go into that and I'm gonna explain why. Bringing receipts as always, also the panics getting worse. This is gonna be a crazy news cycle this week, so don't go anywhere


using the internet without express VPNs like walking your dog in public without putting 'em on a leash. That's not a good idea. Most of the time you're fine, but what if the dog runs away? It gets dog napped. It's better to be careful. Use Express VPNs the same thing online. You could connect and you might be okay, but might Mike's not good enough. Every time you connect to an unencrypted unencrypted network in cafes, hotels, airports, Your, online data, it's not secured any hacker on the network and gain access to and steal your personal data. Paula warns Beth all the time, she was a web developer, but ExpressVPN creates a secure encrypted tunnel between your device and the internet. So they can't do it. Takes a hacker with a super compu supercomputer over a billion years to get past express VPN's encryption. ExpressVPN works on all your devices, phones like I have right here. Ever seen me look at that? Laptops, tablets, even on your smart tv, it's easy to use. It's fire up the app. Click one button to get protected. I have it on my phone right here, right there. That's what I'm always looking at. We love ExpressVPN 'cause I don't want anybody looking at what I'm doing online 'cause it's not freaking business. Get an extra three months of ExpressVPN free at ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino. That's ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino. Go today.


Alright fellas, let's get this party started. Here's the plan. Okay, you all ready? Get Ready to embrace. Here's the problem with the current news cycle right now. It is so devastating for Biden and I've got all the receipts coming up. You got George Clooney writing, Op-Eds, you got Obama Rod, also known as David Axelrod. He spoke again yesterday. I told you to listen to him. Why? Folks in the chat? Yes, you're correct. Because he speaks for Obama. You got Johnny Fav speaking out. He was a speech writer in the Obama White House host one of one of the most popular liberal podcasts in the world. It the news cycle for Biden is catastrophic.


So if I'm you in the chat right now, let's reverse roll. So Anita, you take my seat to Mc groins and I'll take yours. You're probably like, what the hell are you griping about? Dude, thi this is great. We're just sitting back and watching all this. We're watching the Democrats, your cannibalism theory come true. You called it Dan. You said the Democrats would eventually eat each other alive. Just sit back and watch. I did. And I'm correct. Here's the problem. Switching roles back. I don't want Biden outta the race. I I don't know how many I I don't know how strongly the, the, the words adjectives, modifiers, adverbs. I gotta use to tell you, I don't want Biden outta the race.


Aida's Aida's gonna drop a little campaign sign. She's quite the artist. But Bonino for Biden. I don't want this guy outta the race. Folks in the chat series poll Bino get on the case. Who wants Biden outta the race? Yes. Why? I want him outta the race. No, I don't. Yes, I want him out. No, I don't. I don't want him out because I wanna win. And I am not suggesting to you to be clear at all that Trump cannot beat Kamala Harris Pritzker Shapiro Warnock Newsom. I'm not telling you that. I'm just telling you a very simple fact. And you talk to anyone on the Trump campaign, they will tell you what I'm telling you.


Go out and have a beer with them. Get them to open up with you. They will tell you exactly what I'm telling you. The entire Trump money machine. That no f no, no, no, no, no. This, I don't think there's a single yes in this whole thing. The entire Trump campaign right now, messaging memes has been engineered to take down Biden. Why would we want this guy out of the race? I don't want him out of the race. We, so what I'm getting at here to kind of land, land this plane, we've gotta stop the hemorrhaging for Biden.


Now, this is where it's gonna sound crazy. Don't hate me. Don't hate, don't hate replicate, don't hate. I'm telling you what I'm saying is true. We have to halt this new cycle and save Joe Biden. I know it. There's incoming everywhere the arrows are coming. Oh, I gotta do karate. I get it. I'm like kicking arrows away. There's swords coming at me. Machine guns, nuclear bombs. We have to, we don't have a choice. I we can beat anyone else who were the 2% who said thank you Bino. Who the hell is the 2%? They must have screwed. That's a lot of votes by the way, man. 960 votes in, what was that?


A minute and 30 seconds or something. We tear this thing up, man, folks, this is insane. But we really have to save Joe Biden right now from himself. The best way to do it. Wheels are touching the ground now is for Trump to announce the VP today. It's Thursday. Don't wait anymore. Listen, you run your own campaign. Donald Trump knows what he's doing. He doesn't need advice from me. I have not spoken, nor have they sought my advice on this. I just wanna be clear. There's no inside baseball here. They don't need me. Trump does his own thing and he does it. Well, if they did and asked, I would say, announce it tonight.


You gotta do it before the RNC. You said it'd be out before Monday. Slow this down because Biden is giving a press conference tonight at six 30. They moved it back an hour. Anybody know why they moved it back an hour? Anyone know what goes on at six or six 30? Yeah. The nightly news program. So if this thing's a total debacle, they skip the nightly news cycle and what happens, it flips into Friday during the summer where no one's paying attention. They're afraid it's gonna be another debacle. I would announce this thing at five o'clock. I would folks in the chat, 'cause I love and respect you guys, do you think I'm crazy? We gotta save this guy. The he's not gonna survive another few weeks like this.


He can't. Obama's turned on him. Hollywood's turned on him. The money's drying up. I'll back this all up with receipts. And the entire Trump campaign has been engineered to take out Biden. I'm not telling you they can't lift and shift and start turning the meme team and all these people on Harris or who or Hillary Clinton. They beat Hillary Clinton before they can do it again. I'm just saying why We've got the weakest candidate who's only gonna get worse, who has no political skills, who the media's turned on, who will not leave and who's only nothing is gonna get better. The the news cycle's not going to stop unless we, we just need to slow it down. It's like a, it's like a train.


You You know, You know is heading off this cliff, but the cliff is 10 miles away. You wanna slow the thing down enough so that the crash comes on election day and not with time to fix this thing. Wouldn't it be great if Biden bails out even say three weeks before the election and that this would be fantastic. It would be a total train wreck. They'd have no time to rehabilitate the new candidate's image. I it's, I know it sounds nuts, folks, but we, we gotta save this guy from himself. You agree? Thank you Chaster. Dan is who said Dan is right. ID monster. I love you. Was that LD monster? My eye?


My eyes are terrible. Join the Biden campaign. Yeah, I, I Vita said it right? Me and VI are both volunteering our services for Team Biden. You too. Avi Randy Clu says, I'm not nuts. I know I'm not nuts. Someone says, let's go Brandon this time for real. Jen, love. Yes. Let's go Brandon, let's go. Let's, it's not FJB, it's, let's go Brandon. Folks on, on a very serious note, the campaign has been entirely engineered messaging wise and and swing state wise to fight on. Specific focus group tested things that they think works against Biden in very specific states. Those same messages may not work against other candidates here.


Let's back all this up with receipts. 'cause I don't want you to think I'm crazy. What did I tell you? What have I told you over the past few weeks? The only thing that is gonna force neurosurgeon Dr. Jill out because she's running the whole thing. Forget about Joe Biden. Joe Biden's a rotting bag of brain mush. He doesn't even know his name half the time. Dr. Jill is all that matters. Prominent neurosurgeon. Dr. Jill. What did I tell you? It's the donors. Nothing else matters. Biden is a lunatic. His wife is a tyrant. They will not be pushed outta the race until there's no money. And when there's no money, there is no race. Don't ever forget this analogy. I ran for office and I, not a lot of hosts have, I think Hegseth R and others, but very few people have actually run for office.


When you run, you see it yourself. You've got skin in the game. I can talk all the shit I want about, Hey, I'd like to visit Europe. I want to go to Paris. Well if, if every airline says, I'm not putting you on our plane, we don't like you. You can talk about it all you want. Whatcha gonna do? Boat there. Swim there. It's not possible. When there's no money, there is no campaign. This is why we're in trouble. NBC news quote, it's already disastrous. Biden campaign fundraising takes a major hit. Look at the date of this. It's the Halon days. Justin of like yesterday. Folks, you are always three weeks ahead of the news cycle here. I'm never gonna bullshit. Did I not tell you this?


This is why now the Biden team, Chuck Schumer's turning now Chuck Todd's turning. Johnny Favs, David Obama, rod. This is why they're all turning. It's not that all of a sudden they know Joe Biden has a cognitive disorder. They've known the whole time. It's that the donors are calling these people up going, not only are we gonna do this to Joe Biden, we're gonna f you too and we're not gonna give to your race. You better get this guy outta here folks. He's in a world of trouble. I don't know what to tell you and I want this guy in the race. I don't want him to leave. Someone said, well dad, stop talking about that. Stop talking about what you think it's gonna make this thing go away.


It's our job now to stop this news cycle for Biden by incentivizing Trump or someone else to come out with a bigger story and at least slow the thing down. But we gotta cover this. Who's throwing him a lifeline now? Oh, you gotta read this piece. Why the Left Is Throwing Biden a lifeline. Another thing we've addressed ad nauseum on this show, it is the left, the progressive Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, a OC left. That has always saved Biden. Why you P ones? No, because Biden is a moron. No, I'm serious folks. I want you to remember this axiomatic truth about Joe Biden and don't ever forget it.


And again, if you think I'm crazy, you are wrong. Not me. Joe Biden is the president. Barack Obama always wanted to be but was too politically savvy to become the reason. Biden is at 37% approval and Obama is now at You know. Gosh, 67% approval with Democrats. Probably 90 is because Obama didn't do as much crazy stuff as Biden. His stuff was crazy. You think I'm defending Obama. You are outta your mind. I left my job to run against him. I'm simply saying Obama had to stop short of absolute crazy because he understood there were political limitations. Clinton did the same thing.


Biden's too dumb. It is the left that's saving Biden right now. Here's what they want. Here's the plan. And this is savvy on the left part evil but savvy. They wanna get him through the election, the a OC crowd over the hump because they know he's an empty vessel. He will do whatever they tell him. They Biden Jill Biden neurosurgeon. 'cause she'll be the president, not Joe. They'll then owe a OC in the left. You'll get Medicare for all Medicaid, for all government healthcare. You'll get forgiveness of, of healthcare bills, which means you'll pay for all this crap. Instead, folks, this is what's gonna happen. And then what happens a year in Biden will step aside and progressive Kamala Harris, And.


They think they'll get the White House for another eight years. Okay? This is what's going on right now. They're in real genuine trouble. Here's Biden. They're terrified about the George Clooney thing. Why? Because he's an actor. Andy Carney Biden's fighting back on Clooney from a source. The president stayed for three hours. Clooney took a photo quickly and left. No, they're not fighting back against Clooney. 'cause he's a Hollywood guy. They're fighting back against Clooney because he controls a lot of the Hollywood donors. Man, they're running out of money. They're running outta money. Now I'm gonna make another prediction. Predictions are like holes. Everybody's got one. But my record's pretty damn good, especially over the last few weeks.


So I'm gonna make another one. This is necessarily not, it's not necessarily a prediction. It's all over the news. But the NATO conference is going on right now. Biden's got this press conference tonight. Move back so they can skip the Thursday news cycle. 'cause they think it's gonna be a disaster. The Democrats are getting ready to en masse, get rid of this guy. They are. They're gonna tell the donors and everyone else, I'm I 90% chance Biden is not the nominee at this point. 90% is he gonna survive the week? I said 60 40, yes, he's probably gonna survive this week. Now it's up to say 95. He survives the week. Okay, 95%. The Democrats are waiting for the NATO conference to be over. They don't wanna embarrass Biden. That's in the news.


That's not kind of breaking news. My prediction is next week you are going to see first the swing state guys all get together on the Democrat side. Then you're gonna see the marginal swing state guys. And then you're gonna see everyone except the radical far left in the squad come out and Get Ready to dump this guy. How long he survives after that? I don't know. but I don't think it's very long. Folks. The panic is getting worse. It's near palpable. You can feel it. You can touch it. It's almost material at this point. They now understand that if they are stuck with neurosurgeon, Dr. Jill and the oatmeal, God, if they're stuck, that the only possible way they can pull this out, said this. Over and over, it's two things.


Censorship and cheating. Those are gonna be the hallmarks. Their campaign is gonna have nothing to do with messaging, tactics, any of that stuff. It's gonna be cheating and censorship. One of the options to shut them down is this save act. This save act is really important. Save like You. know major league baseball, saving a game, You know, saving a life, whatever that is. Save act. Okay? The save act is very simple. It would stop illegals from voting. The Democrats want illegals to vote. So they're all against it. It passed the house yesterday. It's got a small chance in the Senate, not a great one. And Biden's definitely not gonna sign it. Okay? 'cause they want illegals to vote. The Democrats, I'm gonna prove to you, again, are in a full blown panic. They now know they have to cheat using illegals. If Biden doesn't get out, which is still a 10% chance, he doesn't leave no matter what until the donors totally dry up.


Here's representative Jennifer McClellan, obviously a moron. I mean, this is a really dumb person. She's a Democrat. Here she is on the house floor. Of course, these Democrats want illegals to vote. I want you to see again everything with them. They go back to the race card every single time. Apparently, if you stop illegals from voting, that's somehow Jim Crow or something like that. Don't try to make sense out of it. They're freaking liberal assholes and morons. Stop trying to be stupid like them. It's not gonna happen. You are smart. Okay? However, they think they've gotta gin up what they think is racial hatred. So like, oh, this is Jim Crow. Listen to this. This bill is essentially a poll tax because I am not aware of a single proof of citizenship document that does not cost an individual money to get it unless we are requiring every state to provide one for free.


And then it's on unfunded mandate. This is the 2024 version of the Jim Crow poll tax. And we should vote against it. It it, it You know the only the, the only thing that softens the blow from all this nonsense bullshit. Democrats are feeding you all the time. The only thing that softens the blow is the fact that nobody listens to these people anymore. Listen, I've been in this business a long time and I'm telling you 10 years ago charges you were a racist. You'd have to defend them no matter how crazy they were. No one even listen. They just assume the Democrats are lying. No one listens anymore. They just assume Stopping illegals from voting is the most non-racist thing you could do because illegals voting in minority districts does what dilutes the votes of actual minority voters who are citizens.


Don't tell that to your dumb liberal friends because they're too freaking stupid to figure it out. Here's another dipshit Summer lee. Just stupid, stupid people. It is a xenophobic attack to stop foreign influencing the elections. Now, I want you to think about some before I play this one from this freaking moron. The same Democrats telling you now for what? The 10th time guys, the Russians are coming again in the election as if anyone's gonna believe the intelligence community. That's a laughable freaking joke and a stain on this country. You slobs at the top doing this, who nobody can stand, nobody trusts, and all of you are gonna be fired if Donald Trump gets elected because your traitors to the company at the country at the top doing this absolute traitors, this Russia bullshit.


Again, the same people claiming this foreign influence want foreigners with no allegiance to the United States who are not citizens to influence our election. And if you say anything according to this dip wad, it's a xenophobic attack. Check this out. Hypotheticals. It is under attack right now, right here with this very Bill. Republicans want to throw up barriers because when people vote, they lose. Let me be clear. They don't want you to vote. They don't want to hear black voices. Brown voices, L-G-B-T-Q-I-A voices, young voices. Our fundamental access to our democracy is being politicized.


And this xenophobic attack that we're debating today will make it harder for Americans to vote. My Republican colleagues will claim that requiring IDs is a small ask, but nearly 30 million people lack a valid driver's license. And about 15 to 18 million adults don't have access to documents proving their birth or citizenship. Americans don't need more obstacles. It's already hard enough. That's why I'm proud You, you hear the end. Americans don't need more obstacles. This has nothing to do with Americans, nothing. The bill is about stopping people who are not Americans from influencing American elections and diluting the vote of Americans.


You notice how quick this is why I hate these people who are absolute garbage and I will destroy their reputations. They have no problem whatsoever calling you a racist, a xenophobe, while they destroy and dilute the votes of black voters and destroy and dilute the votes of Americans while claiming you're a traitor in supporting Russia. F these a-holes, I'm sorry. They don't deserve a single freaking shred of your, of, of, of, of human dignity at all. They have none of it. These people are full of shit. They're going to cheat. The question now isn't are they? Are they want, they're telling you they wanna cheat.


They want illegals to vote. The only question is, is it going to be enough to overcome what appears from now an overwhelming number of polls, a severe deficit. Illegals combined with mail-in ballots, Ladies and gentlemen, is a recipe for disaster. I'm gonna explain to you what I mean coming up in a minute. Receipts coming. These are gonna be tough to take, but I think we can win. But it's gonna be tough.


Hey, are you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired. Poor sleep takes a real toll on your body. Your health, your emotional health, your wellbeing. There's hope out there. Comes in the form of beams. Dream powder. The stuff's been a game changer for me. See, when we're sleeping well, we can be sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws our way. And today my listeners get a special discount on Beam's Dream Powder. It's a science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleep is never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of Reishi magnesium, l-theanine, apigenin and melatonin. Hope you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. You wanna try Beam's Bestselling Dream Powder Beam is now offering Bonino Show listeners an exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you Go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at checkout that shop b eam.com/bonino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off. Check it out. Helps me sleep at night.


Here's what I'm talking about. They are going to cheat. They're not hiding it. You just heard these two idiots calling you a racist and a xenophobe for trying to protect the votes of American citizens and minority Americans. These people are disgusting. They're gross, they're awful. They deserve nothing from you. Nothing. Give them nothing. Don't surrender an inch. Take everything from them. That was from a movie, so I just forget which one. What is that from quote here? Yeah, what is that from folks in the chat. Help me out. Give them nothing and take everything. Where's that from? So I need your help now. 'cause now it's gonna be stuck in my head like a brain war the whole time.


Watch the chat for me. Okay? The great Ned Ryan, I love this guy. He's got a book coming out, by the way at Ned Ryan. Again, you're not following this guy making a big mistake. It's RYUN, Ned, obviously NED. He said he got this tweet up. There's a 2014 academic study on non-citizens voting in 2008, potentially over 2 million voted. Obviously the overwhelming majority voting Democrat. Fast forward to 2024. We got significantly more illegals in the country. How many are potentially voting this year? Oh, Sparta. That's right. 300. 300, that's right. Thank you guys. You guys are awesome. See, you're the best. I need your help. Here's the study right here. I'm not gonna read from it, but it's in the tweet. You can read it yourself.


This is an academic study. It's on politics, but it's not a political study. It's an academic study. Illegals are going to vote. Now let me walk you through how this is gonna go down. We've got between 12 and 20 million illegals in this country. They are easily register registered to vote. When they go apply for government benefits, all they've gotta do is check a box. The save act would stop that. Okay? But the save act is not in effect right yet. Right now as the great Sean Davis has said over and over, what wins elections folks? Oh, voters. No ballots. Voters don't win elections. Ballots do all they need to do. Follow me if this is in any way confusing.


Audience ombudsman, jump in here in the chat and tell me to stop. Once the illegal goes in for a government benefit, whatever it may be, some food or residential benefit or some government benefit and applies for something, they check the box. A ballot is generated. Once a mail-in ballot is mailed, then all the Democrat ballot harvester has to do is grab the ballot, fill it out, and bring it back. It requires no interaction with the actual breathing body at all. Ballots WIN elections hat tip, the great Sean Davis ballots win elections. Get outta your head that voters do ballots do. If the save act passes, we'll get back to an election where voters win elections.


Now the issue with mail-in ballots too, is there's a significant amount of fraud in addition, in addition to the potential for illegals voting that how many times, I gotta put this article up, 2012 article by the New York Times. The New York Times. Yes, the New York Times Error and Fraud at Issue as Absentee Voting Rises by Adam Liptak. Look it up yourself. Vote wow. Avitas like I've never seen this before yet. Votes cast by mail are less likely to be counted, more likely to be compromised and more likely to be contested than those in a voting booth. Statistics show election officials reject almost 2% of ballots cast by mail. Double the rate for in-person voting.


Folks, you do the math. If a hundred just round numbers, a hundred million people vote, what's 2%? If you're Brian Williams, that's 2 trillion. If you are a normal person, that's 2 million. That's a lot of fake votes, man. It's right there in the New York Times. It's on me telling you it. It's the New York Times. Combine that with illegals. This is why you see I'm, I'm long in the United States and I think we got a great chance in the election. I really do. I heard the Dems actually expedited Bush after August eight. Is that it? Is that what it Oh? no. Who said that? Is that Barry mc?


We are moving up the October surprise to August 8th, and we're going to lower the flags to half mass. It'll be eighth. Eighth. It'll be a signal to all of the crazies out there to come out and say the, we miss you buddy. We miss you. Zi, where have you, where's Zi been? How come we haven't had Zi quotes in a long time? Folks, this is a huge freaking scam. Now imagine this, okay, say, let's go with the low end again. Simple math. Say there's only 10 million illegals in the United States right now. Just for, we haven't had a money in a while.


Just do me a favor. Say there's only 10 million if you generate 10 million fake ballots. Right? That's still, you're talking about tens, hundreds of thousands of votes that could potentially come in that are fake. That'll alter the election. That's at the low end. That's why I'm saying I don't wanna hear shit about landslides or, or red waves. I heard it last night. I'm not gonna, I'm gonna start getting into Republican and Republican stuff now, but there's a guy on a cable news channel last night. I don't know, but I think we could win 20 more seats. But really, I'm just worried about holding the house at this point.


Don't be dolled down. I'm long in the United States. And the thing is, if, if we're up 10 in Pennsylvania, which I doubt, but if we're even close to that, it's still gonna be hard for them. It's still gonna be hard for them. But no red wave talk. I'm sorry. This is not the show for you. I, I wanna win. I'm not into like moral victories. If you think I'm gonna come on the show, if we lose, God forbid the next day and say it was a great moral victory, you are crazy. It'll be at that point, it's gonna be a totally different show. I'm serious. All right. I got more coming up folks. Axel, rod, also known as Obama.


Rod, he has spoken again. There are three people to watch chat folks. Who are they? Clyburn, Mark Warner and Axelrod. Clyburn speaks what he thinks. He speaks for the black community and the Democrat side. Warner for the deep state. Axel. Rod speaks for Obama and the donors. Axelrod spoken again. I'm gonna play this clip and you tell me how long Biden's got. This is why we gotta make an announcement quick. We gotta stop this news cycle or Biden's gonna have to go and we don't want him to go. I don't want him to go hug him. Hug him like Zi hug him like Zi cio.


Okay. Okay, we love you. Can we get a Biden head? Can someone we have so we can a head. Alright, let's get, We need a Biden head. We love Biden. We're all team Biden now. Let's go Brandon, let's go. What do they dark Brandon? Is that what they call him? Dark? Brandon, let's do, he's got like those goofy glasses and stuff that did laser eyeballs. Let's go Brandon. We don't want him out the race. Stop it. Stop the news cycle before he leaves. Keep him in. You think he's in bad shape now imagine the guy in three, four months.


I don't know what the hell happens to the show. Me and you. We live this craziness together. I know you're thinking the sky's a little nuts. He is. He is. A little, maybe a lot depends on the day and the hour.


Today's show sponsored by Burna. I love Burna. It's a game changer for self-defense. Listen, I'm a big Second Amendment advocate, but it's great to have options, right? You all know that lethal force isn't the answer for every situation. Say there's an impending threat coming towards you, your first reaction is to reach for a lethal means of self-defense. You've got options now with Burna, B-Y-R-N-A. It's a way to effectively defend yourself. Deescalated situation without the irreversible consequences of deadly force. They sent me one. Absolutely love it. Burn is non-lethal, pistol launcher, equipped with tear gas and kinetic ammo. Incapacitates an attacker for up to 40 minutes. The guy we drive with sometimes has one too. Absolutely loves it, had it before me. No need for the nuclear option. We just need protection to ensure you can diffuse the situation and drive the thread away immediately. Really easy to use. Super easy to train with. Shipped right to your door. It's a great gift idea for dads his Father's Day. Gift him something he will really love. Check it out. All I'm asking is take a look at the website, BYRA berna.com/dan for an exclusive 10% discount as well for my listeners today, Check it out. B-Y-R-N-A bernard.com/dan go today. You're gonna love it.


And our last sponsor today. Oh, Blackout Coffee. You could tell I had a couple cups of that, including no. Mm, once we're kissing the ese head, I've definitely had way too much Blackout. Coffee. Why? Because I love it. Blackout Coffee. I don't even need this read. Here's the deal. Lemme just give you the website up front so You know where to go. It's Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Or just put in my last name Bonino. And you get 20% off your first order. Why don't I need these reads? I don't need 'em because I love Blackout Coffee. I like the cinnamon french toast I gave these guys here. Blueberry crumble. They love that too. But I've gotta tell you, John, the owner of the company totally screwed me up. I'm actually a little mad at him. He sends me this dark chocolate. So now it's an everyday fight at night. 'cause I make the coffee at night for the morning. Do I do the dark chocolate or do I do the cinnamon French toast? And it's very hard to pick. It's very hard to pick. So do me a favor, you decide, let me know in the chat. Go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. See what I'm talking about? Make the switch to Blackout Coffee. You're gonna love it. Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. You tell me what I should be drinking. They're both pretty amazing. Check him out. Thanks blackout. We appreciate it.


Alright, back to the show. There. There he is. We we're all in. Can you guys do a little sign like if with me and Aida's picture, like we like do thumbs up or something like that. We're all in. We are. Let's go Brent. I don't want this laser eye. He thinks he's like Superman. I don't want this guy out of the race. I don't want, I don't wanna be Zod like the enemy of Superman, Joe, with the laser eyes. I want Joe in the race. But the problem isn't me. The problem isn't me. The problem is Obama wants him out. Here he is. Axel, rod, David, Obama, rod, he, this is just the other day he popped up, right, right after yesterday's show yesterday. He speaks for Obama. And I want you to notice one thing about this.


If you're watching on Rumble, if you're listening, I'll tell you there's another guy on this hit with him. Johnny Favs. Johnny Favreau is, he's a very, very popular liberal podcaster. Lemme tell you something, I worked in the White House with this guy. The ladies used to love this guy and go crazy for him. He was a speech writer for Obama. He now has this crazy popular podcast. This is another guy who is like this with Obama super tight. I don't like the guy, but they're, they're buddies. You gotta trust me on this, okay? That Axel Rod and Johnny Favs are on the same CNN clip speaking out against Biden Obama is done and the donors are five minutes away from pulling out.


Check this out. If President Biden does withdraw from the race, replacing him at the top of the ticket could be chaotic. But here's what a top Biden fundraiser and longtime supporter George Clooney said about that in his op-ed this morning. Would it be messy? Yes, demo democracy is messy, but would it enliven our party and wake up voters who long before the June debate had already checked out? It sure would. The short ramp to election day would be a benefit for us. Not a danger. John FAU and David Axelrod are back with me. Ax, what do you think about that argument? Look, I I think there's merit to it. You know sometimes you, this is all a matter of risk assessment.


There's risk associated with everything. The question is whether the risk of the status quo eclipses the risk of trying something else. And I think we've reached the point where many are, are have come to that conclusion. All right, I have to issue a retraction, folks. This is a, this has been a crazy good show. There's a lot of electricity in the room, but I just got an emergency text from Paula. It's very serious. She's, how dare you say, how dare you. The balls. Oh, She's like the ball's on you to insist you make the coffee at night. Are you freaking crazy? She is correct. I do not. Oh hey wait, here we go.


Gimme that. Here it is. She hates these too. So now I'll get another one. The grapefruits on you to suggest you look at it. Gr here, watermelon's on. I mean that's even bigger. We got gimme the watermelon. This the to dare suggest watermelon size Nads that you make the freaking coffee a night. She hates those things too. She does. So retraction. You heard Axel Rod, your side, I love it. They call him ax. Everybody's gotta have a, can I get a nickname like that ax? Right? He's telling you right now there's too much risk and he's got Johnny Favs there. Trust Brother Dan. I worked, I don't wanna say work with this guy at the White House. I worked in the White House while he was there. It's not like me and Johnny Fabs were friends and talking to each other.


I'm just telling you, I was there for three years with the Obama. I, I need, you're in a car with a lot of these guys. They are Obama's right hand guys right now that they are talking for Obama. They have pulled a plug on this guy. The small cracks are starting to develop even in what the public thinks is Biden's inner circle. I've told you before and I'm gonna tell you again, listen to me, don't listen to anyone else telling you otherwise. 'cause I'm telling you this is the truth. The Obamas and Bidens hate each other. No, they don't dislike each other. They hate each other.


It is a relationship of necessity. That is it. They genuinely hate each other. Obama is telling everyone publicly Joe's the guy in tweets and behind the scenes is doing the legwork to get rid of him with the donor class. But I noticed something yesterday. I just said to you, there are small cracks that are turning into big Grand Canyon like schisms. Biden has an inner circle of people with no guts. Kare, Jean Pierre, John Kirby, people who do anything to get to, to hold the job. Kirby sadly is thrown away his reputation. Kareem Jean Pierre never had one. So it doesn't really matter.


But Kirby's thrown away his reputation to defend O Biden. Sorry, I was gonna say Obama. It's always a slip. This was a very telling cut yesterday. This is not explosive. It's short. Don't worry, it's not long. Some of you'll pick up why This was interesting. Kirby. Kirby is, they're gonna be one of the last guys to crack. He will be because he needs a job. He can't do anything else. And Biden's the only one who trusts him at this point. He's on with Martha McCallum yesterday. And I want you to pay very close attention, not to his answer, but to his non-answer. Check this out. And Are you saying that you never see him lose his train of thought or do the freeze that we've all seen on television?


Have you ever seen that happen when you're talking to him? I'm gonna be careful here because I don't think it's appropriate for a spokesman to You know to be speaking about private conversations with my principal. But because it's a fair question. I will tell you that from my experience, and I've only known the president for two and a half years as You know, I, I came over to the White House fairly recently and I didn't have a prior relationship with him. But from my experience over the last two and a half years, I see the, what those representations that you're talking about are not indicative of the man that I have spent time with and that I have briefed, that I have traveled with.


Notice how he just dances around the question, oh, it's not indicative of, I never really seen that kind of thing. He's not really being direct with the answer because he doesn't wanna be on the record when it all goes down. 'cause what's their biggest problem? I'm not saying that with that. That's why I said like, this isn't the most explosive clipper. He goes, yes, Biden's cognitively compromised. He's still providing cover. But you notice the Weasily way he answers it because he doesn't want history to go back and have that recorded. If Biden has, I'm not wishing health problems on anyone. I wanna be clear. If Biden has some kind of neurological severe incident, he doesn't wanna be going Oh. no, I didn't see anything.


'cause then he looks like an idiot. Folks, there is one thing the coterie, the pretorian guard around Biden cannot acknowledge right now. Folks in the chat, remember what it is. They cannot acknowledge he has an executive function problem. They can't because then they are partners in the biggest coverup in presidential history that the president can't mentally function. They can't acknowledge it. I know You know it. I get that. I know that sounds like crazy. Like what do you mean? They're not gonna acknowledge the obvious. No, they aren't. They have got to stop that. I'm not telling you Democrats don't wanna get rid of Biden. I just played for you axelrod. That's not what I'm saying. I'm just saying they will at no point acknowledge that he has executive function problems in his brain because then they would have to acknowledge they, they, they partook in this scandal to hide it.


You get what I'm saying? Here. I'll show you what I mean. I want you to watch the freak out up on Capitol Hill. This is a legit freak out by these Capitol Hill Democrats. The minute congressman Mike Lawler starts asking Janet Yellen, who's next to Biden all the time, always talking about treasury and everything like that, right? Yell and Kirby know him well. There's always a non-answer or a but watch what happens when he asks this question. Watch them try to shut it down immediately. 'cause they don't want this on the record. Check this out. Are you, are you testifying that you have not seen any mental or cognitive decline? Mr. Mr. Chairman point of inquiry, she's not a physician, She's a member of the cabinet.


She's Not a, you are asking her a medical question. Let's, let's, let's, let's keep the comments to The subject. It's not a, it's not a medical question. It's, it's her interpretation. As a member of the cabinet, What I I I'm just asking her what you're asking. Taken down, Mr. Chairman, I moved to have those words taken down. She is not a physician. He's not a physician. Are you shitting me? So you have to, you have to be a physician. Now to notice that Biden can't complete a sentence. He constantly tells the same debunked fairy fairytales all the time. He appears to fall asleep in public, has some kind of hypophonia where he speaks so low nobody can understand them.


We can see it on TV folks. If someone comes up to you with a massive, massive lump on their skin growing like this, do you have to be a physician to go, Hey, there's a problem. You may not know what the problem is, but you're like, bro, that isn't normal. Correct? These people are full of shit. You see the panic. They want Biden out, but they cannot acknowledge that they're hiding this executive problem. That's why the freak out. It's not that they're trying to save him. Please don't mistake those things. They are not trying to save him. They want him out. They're trying to save themselves from being part of this coverup or appearing to be.


That's why they gotta shut this down. And as for the physician bullshit, remember when they started bringing up Donald Trump's fake mental problems? Remember the 25th Amendment stuff? I just wanna note in his supercut hat tip gra and the great Tom Elliot over there, awesome. Super cut's. About a minute of it. This goes on by the way, for nine minutes. So just take a minute of it. None of these people are physicians either. And they've sat there and just opined openly about Donald Trump's fake cognitive disorder. Check this out. This is Scary. Hashtag 25th Amendment President is not equipped to do the Job. So now they're saying he's mentally incapacitated and more than two dozen Democratic lawmakers are backing a bill that says he should leave office.


Should he be removed from office. Hi. His brain is simply incapable of processing the information emotionally, psychologically unstable, initiate proceedings to remove the president. You and several of your democratic house colleagues met with a psychiatry professor from Yale, Dr. Bandi Lee. She told CNN today, quote, as the president is unraveling, he seems to be losing his grip on reality and reverting to conspiracy theories. Dr. Lee and other psychiatrists who've been up to meet with members of Congress have been predicting increasingly delusional and paranoid behavior on the part of the president. The president is dangerous and unable to successfully meet the powers and duties of office. We got serious stuff to deal with and instead we're caught up every day in what looks like the country debating the mental health of the president.


I mean it's fairly obvious at this point to even the dumbest liberals watching my show that you're all full of shit all the time. So it's okay to openly speculate about an obviously fake cognitive disorder Donald Trump doesn't have, but a very real disorder. We can all see and witness that multiple Democrats have now come out and claimed the witness, including insiders who are now leaking all over the place to the media trying to get rid of him. That's not okay because we're not physicians. These people are so full of shit. This reminds me of Covid. When you said to people, when I You know, we got banned from YouTube for telling people, Hey, these masks don't work because every single person on planet Earth that wore a mask caught covid.


It's like a condom you use where every woman you have sex with gets pregnant. The condom doesn't work. Stop using it. Try something else. Dude, it's not working. And we got bid. Are you a doctor, an epidemiologist? No, but I'm not an asshole. Fuck wa I'm not stupid. Holy shit man. You guys are so fake on the left. Watch this. Here's Kareem Jre again. Go back to my point here. This is why they're so freaked out, but they still wanna get rid of him. They can never acknowledge this executive disorder 'cause they're in part of the coverup. Here's Kareem Jean Pierre caught openly lying hat tips lives at TikTok, by the way, talking about this visit to a neurologist where she claims no, no, he wasn't there to examine him.


This is just normal stuff. Check this out. You Can correct me if I'm wrong, but it, it didn't seem to explicitly describe in nature of Dr. Kinnar's meeting with Dr. O'Connor. So can you say whether that one meeting was related to care for the president himself? I can say that it was not. It was not. Okay, great. It was not really. Every time gets me really, here's AP Young Min Kim ap. I mean, you're talking about a communist outlet. I I I use leftist sources just to mess with the liberals who will say he's a conspiracy theorist. Really, I'm involved with the ap. The AP and I are conspiracy theorizing. President Joe Biden did see a neurologist at the White House in January 17th for a neurological exam.


The confirmation came after kain, Jean Pierre inaccurately said with reporters that the meeting was not related to care for the president. Folks, these people are lying to you all the time. Come to the Dan, Bongino Show. You're three weeks ahead of the news cycle. You'll always get the truth. Watch the liberal media, you'll get nothing but bullshit. You'll be six months behind. I saw a hilarious quote, I think it was Jake Sherman or someone who put it out this morning when he left Wing Media guys. It said that, that someone in the Washington Post, they were quoting the Washington Post. And the gist of it was that Fox News viewers were way ahead of this story. It has got nothing to do with Fox News viewers, same people, normal people weren ahead of the Biden cognitive disorder problem.


'cause they just watched the news and didn't listen to bullshit. My gosh, how many times are you gonna be lied to? What's that? They looked At Biden And. they saw their eyes. If Vita said they just, all you had to do was watch it. Folks, it's not my fault that you listen to Moscow Maddow and goofy Chuck Todd, who are now telling you what we knew six months ago because we just opened our eyes. Oh look, Biden can't function. Why? Because he couldn't function. I want you to watch this dude. Is this indicative Now, I'm, I have to tell you some of the stuff I hear outta Biden, the fake autobiography, ah, I beat the shit outta corn pop, whatever.


I was rescued Nelson Mandela. I'm starting to wonder, I'm serious here. I'm not messing around here. I'm starting to wonder if a lot of the stuff he does is due to this cognitive thing or a moral failing. We know he is corrupt. We know he sniffs kids bribes, influence peddling women groping. We know that, but I'm not sure anymore what is a moral failing and what is a function of his, the biological functions of his brain breaking down. I want you to rewatch this. I always, every time I play this, a bunch of people ask, they love this clip. There's about a minute. I saw this on Joel Fisher's account on Twitter. I played it before. It's pretty hilarious. This is Biden telling nearly every single demographic group of people.


He believes it. He, he meets with that. He was one of them. At some point, and again, I just want you to ask yourself a quick watch this with, with this in mind, is this Biden being evil or is this Biden just having a mental breakdown and he forgets This has already all been debunked. He's both, I'm just not sure what it is. Check this out. I was sort of raised in the Puerto Rican community and I had a very close relationship with the Greek American community. For real. I am Joe Opolis. I grew up in a heavily Irish Catholic community in Scranton, Pennsylvania, and a heavily Italian Polish community. When I say I got, IIII got raised in the black church. He knows, I'm not kidding.


The Persian culture is amazing. As a student of the Persian culture, I probably went to shul. More than many of you, I come out of the black community. The background of my family is Irish American. Not fundamentally unlike the Palestinian people, I You might say, raised in the Synagogues of my state. Everyone in town was either Polish or Italian. I grew up feeling self-conscious. My name didn't end in SKII was raised in a neighborhood where I felt self-conscious. My name didn't end in, oh, that's kind of how I was raised. Like so many Americans of Irish heritage in HBCU in your home state, Mr.


President, let me tell you, forget about it. That's right. That's where I got raised, man. Just like rabbis, synagogues and Jewish community centers in your hometown, and that's the tradition I got raised, hardworking people, middle class, the neighborhoods I got raised in. I was raised on gm. I was raised by Danny Noway. I was raised by a righteous Christian. I got raised on automobile There. It's, there's what? It's folks screenshot that. Let's go. Brandon, thank you for you guys work fast how you did that. I don't even, whatever. You got that, that is fantastic. Thank you guys. For those of you listening on Apple, there's my official Dan.


We're now Team Biden. Let's go Brandon, me and Avita both want him in the race. We don't want this guy going anywhere. Everybody, Lin and Jeff here says, I stopped the chat right there. Lin and Jeff Love this clip exclamation, but everybody loves that clip because it shows this guy is a bullshitter. The only question is how much of the bullshit is evil and how much is the cognitive disorder? The answer is, I don't know. I really don't at this point. However, I, I know you may have seen this clip before, but this is devastating, but it's devastating because again, we understand the left. I want you to go back to that Washington Post Sherman thing I was just telling you about where they're the wash. Someone at the Washington Post is going, oh my gosh, the Fox News people weren way ahead of this Biden mental disorder story. We were not way ahead of anything.


We were not way, I, I, I, I, it's, it's almost a fa compliment. We're just not crazy like you idiots. That's it. There's nothing special about us watching a guy mentally collapse on television and saying, Hey, he's mentally collapsing. It's you Dipshits who listen to Ray Dramatic. That's a cheap fake. You're like, yeah, dumb asses. You're so freaking stupid. But the damns broken. This doctor goes on M-S-N-B-C. It's because we gotta get good at this. Remember, I only play M-S-N-B-C stuff 'cause we know them better than they know us. They won't play our stuff. They don't even want to hear our stuff. Here's a doctor on M-S-N-B-C telling liberals probably for the first time, Hey man, I think this guy has freaking Parkinson's.


Check this out. What Do you mean? Oh, rigidity, loss of arm swing standing up, Lord, automatically you notice when he turns, it's kind of N block turning. It's not a quick turn. So LA that's one of the hallmarks of Parkinson's is rigidity and bradykinesia slow movement and he has that hallmark, especially with the low voices that said was a cold hypophonia, a small monotone voice like this over time is a hallmark of Parkinsonism. I could have diagnosed him from across the mall. I ended it at that point. It goes on. I could have diagnosed him from across the mall because folks, you gotta understand, you have to get out of, we have, we live in a bubble too.


It's not a bad one, but we You know we do tend to consume a lot of conservative media, but we could just consume just enough of liberal media to understand what they're thinking. That's not the case for them. They live exclusively in a bubble. They never, ever consume our media at all and have no idea. You need to understand they're hearing this for the first time. I swear to you, as crazy as it sounds to you, that a lot of these people genuinely believe that we were faking this the whole time and now they're like, oh my gosh. That's why this is so important too. There's a major be hat tip. Anna Paulina Luna, Republican congresswoman from Florida. She is pushing for Merrick Garland to be declared inherently contempt of Congress.


This is a great thing to do. Merrick Garland, our attorney general and name only a just human piece of garbage who is turned into a a communist in that role is hiding the Biden audio recordings of his interview with the special prosecutor about Biden's taking of classified documents. This is a, I want you to remember that this clips from a little bit ago, this is why Garland will not release the transcripts. The transcripts must be a thousand times worse than anybody could possibly imagine. That's why he's hiding them. He will not let them know, spite insisting that the audio recordings are the same as the transcripts, which would mean just release 'em.


There is something on that. I'm telling you, there is something on that that is so lethal. The Biden's campaign that now I'm starting to wonder, You know what, do we even release him? 'cause I want Biden in the race. Maybe we should mess with Garland for a little bit, but I'm starting to, do we even release these things? Check this out. We have gone beyond precedent to provide the committee with the transcripts of the special counsel's interview with the president, but we have made clear that we will not provide audio recordings from which the transcripts that you already have, He won't. The muskrat, he's not gonna do it. You understand how devastating these things have to be, that this guy is going to protect this no matter what.


Folks, these things have to be really bad. Listen, this is important. I wanna wrap up where I started. I know it sounds like a crazy plan, but I'm not being, I'm not being sarcastic. I'm, I'm being as serious as a cardiac, cardiac arrest right now. Trump should announce the VP pick today. He should do it to stop the hemorrhaging. It's not gonna go away, but we just wanna slow this down because the problem with momentum is negative momentum. Once you get the no mo, the no momentum, instead of the big MO folks, people start piling in and politicians wanna save their own asses. Biden will not survive to the end of next week if this continues.


Donors, Obama, Axel, rod Favs, Mark Warner, the deep state, Jim Clyburn, the black vote. He, he can't, he can't withstand that when the money dries up. And we don't want this guy outta the race, our entire operation's been engineered to fight this loser. And he deserves to feel the wrath of voters at the polls for what he's done to America. They should announce today, slow this thing down. Operations save. Joe Biden is on. Folks, thanks again for tuning in.


Hey, by the way, if you are a of your services, obviously using a cloud server, try Rumble Cloud, check them out. We are really proud of it. The Rumble Cloud operation's been blowing up. You don't run the risk of getting canceled by anyone else. Check out Rumble. We provide cloud services. We're happy to help you out over there.


Also, download the Rumble app. You find my show exclusively on there? Is it Justin? These guys? That's my new way. Can we? It is an email. Yeah, folks, there we go. You gotta show me how to download these. I'm so technologically unsavvy. Download the Rumble app, it's free. Watch us every day. Live 11:00 AM next week, Tuesday through Friday, we'll be at the RNC. Monday will be here. I think I said that inaccurately yesterday, but Tuesday through Friday. Avita will be doing our show next week too, so don't miss it. Rumble dot com slash bonino every day. 11:00 AM Eastern time and Video on demand. Anytime you'd like.


Also give us a follow on Apple and Spotify. It means a lot to us. That's where a lot of these liberals find us in our eyes open. You'd be stunned. I get a ton of emails about it. Thanks a lot folks. See you on the radio show here in Rumble in a little bit. And back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.