
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. I Sorry, but it's gotta be done. Done. There are no sacred cows on this show, man. And we're gonna have to blow some stuff up in the beginning of today's show. You okay with that? Haven't told you what I'm gonna do. So we're about to stir some shit up today, but that's okay because I just wanna win and cutesy time's over.


And I'm voting for the outlaw by the way, as you know. But I've been kind of like waiting, sitting, watching, observing, waiting for the moment to tactically strike. If stuff got outta hand, it's getting outta hand. And me and the Bonino Army are gonna correct it today because If, you mess with us. It's a really bad thing. By the way, thank you to Newsmax for saying like the number one spot to go. Did you guys see that on, on my Twitter? You gotta pull that article up for today. I didn't put it in the newsletter. And you gotta, thank you Newsmax.


We're the number one place to go. The Bino army for the Trump team to, to get a message out. Yes. Yes sir. I'll show you what I mean in a second.


Today's show sponsored by Blackout Coffee Go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. Special Blackout Coffee Surprise too later.


Big show today. I got that. And again, there's a war going on the media versus the truth and Us. I'm gonna show you the most damning evidence yet that these people hate your freaking guts and are trying to steal the election. That's why I titled the podcast is I'm really worried about this. You got two things going on. We're gonna address in the beginning of the show, internal sabotage on the Republican side. That's what I'm gonna talk about. First, we're about to blow up. And second, the media's gonna go all in on trying to steal this thing. I'll show you. This is hardcore evidence.


Hey If, you decades ago, private citizens used to be largely that private. Well, what changed? The internet changed. Think about everything you browse, search for, watch their tweeted. Now imagine all that data being collected by third parties into a permanent public record. I keep my data private when I go online. you know how Express VPN, phones, routers, computers, everywhere. There are hundreds of data brokers out there. There are only businesses to buy and sell you and your data. They use your IP to uniquely identify you and your location. With ExpressVPN, my connection gets rerouted to an encrypted server. My IP address is masked with ExpressVPN, I've given a, I'm given a random ip, makes it more difficult for third parties to identify me and harvest my data. ExpressVPN is easy to use no matter what device you're on. All you gotta do is tap a button like that and you are protected. So if like me, you believe your date is your business, secure yourself with the number one rate of V VPN on the market. Visit ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino and get three extra months for free. That's ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino.


All right fellas, let's go. They don't know what I'm gonna do here, or maybe they do 'cause I sent them the article a few minutes ago. Get your friends, text your friends right now. Bonino Army. Tell 'em they need to tune in. They don't have to watch the whole show. They, they gotta watch this right now. We have two big problems right now in the selection. It's not the VP selection, it's not Trump's messaging. That's all bullshit. It's none of that stuff. Okay, forget that. Throw that in the garbage. We heard that in 2016 and he went on to win pretty handily, by the way, in the electoral college. Okay? We have two things going on. There's a lot of internal sabotage going on right now that I honestly did not wanna highlight because I would like to stay focused on the Democrats and I was hoping it would go away. It's not. And now we're gonna out it today.


And second, the media's now gone. I mean a, a full, full blown Pravda. I mean beyond Pravda. They'll actually make Pravda look like honest brokers. Let's address the sabotage first. So this morning I'm sitting here, I'm putting the show together and it's late. This is probably the latest cut I ever said over to my team right before I walked upstairs and I said, guys, you gotta put this in the show. I see this Daily Mail article, August 14th, 2022, I believe that's today, right inside Trump's meltdown. The ex-president is lighting up his staff 'cause he's pissed about picking JD Vance as insiders feel. He's gonna fire two extremely talented campaign gurus.


Martha Williams Daily Mail. Again, I was gonna let this go, not because I didn't wanna put it out there or expose it, but because I wanna stay focused on winning and I felt like it was a distraction. And all I care about is cutesy time being over and winning. I care about ruthless political tactics. That's all I care about. However, this is getting tiresome folks in the chat, any idea what's going on with this article? you know Kellyann Conway dog that you, I'm hearing some things from some things from some things from some people, from some people for a while now that she's probably not that happy about JD Vance being picked.


I'm telling you, I talk to people a lot who know a lot of things. This story, put that headline up again, it's bullshit and Ladies and gentlemen, it's no secret. I like JD Vance. Put that. I'm telling you this with absolute objectivity. I have not spoken to JD Vance about this, but I have spoken to other people. This story about President Trump being upset about picking JD Vance is bullshit. It is absolute bullshit. He killed it on this weekend show. Of course there was gonna be an oppo drop after JD Vance was picked. If they picked Rubio Bergham or any, or Tim Scott or anyone else, there was gonna be an oppo drop.


JD Vance smooth. Smooth sailed right through that, crushed it on the weekend shows and is now lighting it up. The lighting up the internet with viral clips. This story's bs. I suspect strongly this was a leak from people who wanted another candidate for vice president. I'm hearing from some friends of mine that this is the Kellyann Conway Camp now If, you look at Kellyann Conway and where some of the money in that sphere is coming from. There is an interest in Ukrainian politics and some of the other vice presidential candidates.


Are you guys picking up what I'm putting down? Some of the other candidates were very interested in a more muscular posture in Ukraine where there was a lot of money to be made for a lot of people. JD Vance is interested in a more cautious approach to Ukraine. So the money train may have dried up a little bit. So a lot of people are really upset. So instead of shutting the up up, I'm trying to get the language under control instead of just shutting up and trying to win. Now with this great ticket, there are people out there sabotaging the ticket right now because it looks like they're influenced Wayne because let's just say, is everybody picking up what I'm putting down that they told other people?


Don't you worry, I'm gonna get this guy, pick this VP and don't you sweat that Ukraine thing. Everybody over there picking up what him? I being producer Jim, you text me, you, you get, you get where I'm going with this. You thought I was gonna be quiet about this, didn't you? You thought like, oh he'll just let it go. Listen to me. The Bonino army is the most powerful force right now in conservative politics. Just a fact. It's just a fact. Thanks to you, not to me. I'm only one guy. Nothing powerful about me. I need a knee replacement. My shoulders don't work. I can barely bench press the 150 pounds anymore.


I'm falling apart. I'm a collapsing rotting meat bucket right now. But my brain still works. Okay? And I am a foot soldier in an army full of people that has grown very powerful. We are the biggest conservative live streamer in the world. It's not even a close second anymore. You don't have to like it. I don't really give a shit, but me and my peeps, we're not gonna take this lion down. So I'm gonna say to Kellyann and others, it's time to pipe down. You've been warmed. I've had about enough. JD Vance was a great pick. JD Vance is upsides and downsides like any other pick.


But he's fantastic. He's been doing great and the leaks gotta stop. you know that story's bullshit. The president, they love JD Vance. You're making this up. These are leaks designed to sabotage the campaign. 'cause there's a whole lot of be money to be made by making sure you get people interested in funding your endeavors in that position. I'm really sorry to have to bring this up folks. We should be focused on winning. But according to this article I saw this morning, which that's it. Rope end of it, I'm done. And I know you're watching Kellyann and others. I'm not in this for friends.


You want a friend? Go get a mother dog. Okay? I'm not anybody's friend. you know who's my friend winning? That's who's my friend and my fellow foot soldiers in this little army we have of now 126,000 people. 10 minutes in. Cut the bullshit or it's gonna continue 'cause there's a lot more. I know I haven't thrown out there yet. I'm better at this than you are. I promise. A lot better. That's why I have a bigger audience. That's why my show is probably a hundred thousand times the size yours. I mean that literally too.


You ever see the Rogers Scare video about effing around and finding out, Been warned. Okay, I've had enough J D's been very nice about this and he's trying not to stir the pot. I'm not nice. You want nice again? Go get a cat named Fiddlesticks or something. I'm not the nice guy. I really don't give a shit about being nice. I don't need any more friends. I got enough friends. Cut the shit. Okay, I see another one of these articles. We'll start exposing more about the whole Money train because it's right there for everyone to see.


you know, they can go look that up. Let's hope this is the last time we gotta have this conversation. Alright, go ahead. By the way, I'm not letting the Secret Service story go either. I hope you don't think I forgot about that. I'm hearing from some friends that they've made some minor changes. Two things to update you on that before I get to this media story. 'cause remember I told you there are two things I'm worried about in this election. That's why title the podcast is we just addressed the first. There is a sabotage going on within the Republican campaign right now, and Conway and others are knee deep in this whole thing. Part two, the media is now.


What they're doing now is so demonic and beyond evil. When I show this to you today, you're gonna even buy the low standards you have from them, if any at all. You're gonna be surprised. But the Secret Service story, I'm getting a little nervous folks about the Secret Service. 'cause I'm hearing that management is still focused on the coverup of everything that happened that day and making this story go away. But I'm also hearing from some people I trust there are a few, a lot of, well, not a few, a lot of good guys left over there that, and this should put you a little, maybe a little bit at ease. The people surrounding Donald Trump, they've really kind of used this moment as kind of a, as Susan k Crabtree called it the nine 11 type moment.


And that people are asking who are really talented. To go back to the Trump detail to keep this guy alive. I, I'm not confident the changes are gonna be made yet, but there's a good and a bad side. I'm gonna stay on this story. I've got some stuff coming on it. Don't worry, I'm not letting it go. Okay? I promise you breaking news here. We'll, you'll get it here first I wanna show you what's going on with the media folks, because this is going to get really ugly going forward. Anybody out there telling you Kamala Harris can't hide forever. Bullshit. She can hide forever. There is nothing preventing Kamala Harris from replicating Joe Biden's 2020 basement strategy.


Folks in the chat, please. Does anybody disagree with me? Tell me one reason why If, you disagree. Bino get on the case. Yes, Kamala Harris can perfectly replicate the basement strategy. No, it's not possible. She'll lose that way. Why If, you don't believe she can replicate the Joe Biden hiding basement strategy and the media won't cover for her? Give me one reason why. Gimme one. Oh no, they're gonna hold her to account. Ask her for an economic plan. Would you? Are you crazy? Are you smoking meth? Are you doing whippets are what? Mushrooms. What is going on with you? Are you nuts? They are going to do everything in their power to retcon, Kamala Harris, everything and make her out to be the Obama the sequel.


I wanna show you what happened yesterday. This is straight up demon. I wanna play a clip. First of probably the dumbest zero life loser in the liberal media co communist ecosystem. The guy's name is Philip Bump. He's a total life loser and absolute dipshit. And a guy I genuinely, genuinely personally dislike because he, he's not, I dislike him, not because he's stupid, because he pretends to be stupid. Here was Philip Bump from the Washington Post, alleged fact checker, freaking moron, life loser and disgrace to the cosmos. Here he is on a liberal podcast. Was it about a year ago, pretending not to know anything about Hunter Biden's connection to his dad and this influence peddling operation.


And what's aggravating about this is not that he's dumb, it's that he pretends to be dumb. Watch this. Come on. What do you take from the text message to his adult daughter? Hundreds. Text messages. I have to give 50% of my income to pop. I have no idea what that means. I don't, I have no idea what that means. Well, it's, it's, It's, It's, I know it's circumstantial evidence and you prefer that correct evidence. What, what could it mean? I, I have no idea. But doesn't I don know? Well, appreciate your idea. Has Anybody, has anybody asked her? I I don't know. I don't know. Don't you think somebody should ask her? Okay. Like I, I'm not, I just said don don't know and I don't know what to make of it. So I have nothing to say about it. But doesn't, what do you want me to say? Yeah, But you say there's no evidence. No evidence. But then there's a text message where he says, I give pop 50% of my money. That's, that's evidence. Okay, well what?


Okay, fine, fine. So it's evidence. I appreciate you having me on It. Doesn't it that something like that? Who do you think would be more I I listen to that. I'm saying Am I, am I, you, you free to go. I think. I feel you want me to leave? Like just walk out in the middle of this can go that way. You can, you, You can go all Is this a standard? Really? This is the way the Washington Post handles people who disagree With them when I agree to be on for 45 minutes. Go go. And then they get on for an hour and 15. Yeah, that after a while, I ago go, thanks for having me Now, showing you what garbage people, these little evil demons are. And this is only to the minority of my listeners, if any. I didn't see the Bino poll yet. Who really believe the media's? What is it? Binos Bino is, what do you mean?


Oh, Pacino's not here. What do you, what happened to Pacino? Anita? We gotta we gotta go get Pacino. He's like a sergeant in the army. You don't have Pacino. What do we have? I'm just gonna say it's 99% of people to the one out of a hundred people who think, oh no, no, the media's gonna definitely call for Kamala Harris to put out an agenda and all that stuff. That's the same media. That's Philip Bump about a year ago on a liberal podcast in the Washington Post, pretending to know nothing about Hunter Biden's relationship with his dad. Even though the guy who's not a conservative is telling him there's evidence in texts that there was money changing hands. Look at this thing that drops last night. Oh boy, look at this. Put it baby New York Times Hunter Biden sought State Department help for Ukrainian company.


Oh my gosh. August 13th, 2024. I believe that was yesterday. So you see what's going on here? The New York Times and Philip Bump from the Washington Post and others, these liberal scumbags, right? They have known for years, for about 10 years now that Hunter Biden was knee deep in an influence peddling scandal. Folks in the chat, chat stars chatter. Why are they putting this out there now? You guessed it. The New York Times wants to be able to say in five or 10 years when it becomes transparently obvious through the lens of history, how corrupt oatmeal, brains, Joe Biden was.


They wanna be able to say, oh no, no, we covered that. We covered that. But why are they putting it out now? Because there's no penalty now. Joe Biden isn't running. They have known about this the whole time. Come on Dan, produce some receipts. You can't just say they knew about it the whole time. Ha, there it is. December 8th, 2015. 2015. That's almost 10 years ago. New York time. New York Times. Same paper. Joe Biden, his son and a case against the Ukrainian oligarch. That's dad. Like, go back to the other one. Let's flip back and forth.


20, 24, 20 15, 20 24, 20 15, 20 24, 20 15. It's, it's the same. It's pre it's the same article. It's the, it's the same, it's the same article. So weird. Look at that. It's the it, it's the same or it's about the same thing. About the same thing. So what does this have to do with the election folks? Any of you out there unliving in some delusional belief system with unicorns and all this other stuff where the media is somehow gonna tell people the truth and not try to steal this election. You are outta your mind. Something is going to happen. And let me make a little connection for you. I'm gonna take a break and I'm gonna show you a hilarious clip from last night.


'cause I wanna give you all bad news. We are starting to turn the tide against the media. This clip. It's supposed to be funny but it's really not. It's serious. You'll see how few people actually believe them anymore. We're chipping away at the media's credibility. So there's so little left. I wanna warn you about something and you're gonna hear it here first, okay? That the Iranians hack the Trump campaign story. Be very cautious. The media's now saying, Hey, we're not publishing these internal emails from the Trump campaign. 'cause we don't publish hack materials. That's bold. I'm telling you, whoever hacked what?


Whoever hacked, whoever. I don't know. I don't believe anyone. I will guarantee you they have Democrat emails too that are a thousand times worse and that's why they're not publishing them. Deep breath folks. A big beginning to today's show. A lot of people are gonna be very upset about today's show. A lot of sacred cows going down, going down. It's time for you to be awake. You're not woke. Ah, we're gonna read my old spot. you know what this is? How do you not know what this is? There's our sponsors. You supposed to know what they are.


So John from Blackouts says, dude, you drink cold brew. I'm like, hell yeah, I drink Cold brew. Yeah, drink it some right now he's got this. Skip the Brew. Cold Brew stuff is freaking badass. You gotta go buy it. It's the official drink of the the Bonino army. They're like, you gonna read this? No, I'm not because I don't want to. I'm gonna read my own spot. Blackout Coffee Cold Brew in the can stuff is amazing. If. you wonder why I'm a little geeked up today? 'cause this stuff tastes great. Skip the brew. Go with the new cold brew. This is their cold brew latte stuff is totally badass. And you know what? It's not woke. you know how much woke is in this can zero. There is 0% woke. you know how these other companies like Dunkin Donuts and others, it's a hundred percent woke coffee. This is no woke. This is zero. This is pure Americana right here in a can. This stuff is badass. Go buy it today. It's the official drink now of the Dan Bongino Show. The folks at blackout ship within 48 hours of roasting their beans and other stuff. But you wanna try this? Try their cold brew, sell it out. Make sure John and blackout have none left Go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. Switch to Blackout Coffee. You're gonna love it. I gave these to the movers the other day. We've been moving as you, I've been telling you, I've been moving houses all over the place every day. It's new stuff. I keep finding new stuff. I'm like, look, it's my baseball glove. I gave a couple of the movers. They were like, we love it. This stuff is fantastic. Go today. Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. You're gonna love it.


What was it? You think? So John from blackout, let me, Justin says, it's my most unhinged edit. That's like a lot. I've had it quite a few, but it's good. Try it. Alright, back to the show folks. You cannot trust these people. They are freaking liars. I gave you the bad news first. They are going, they, Kamala Harris can absolutely sit in the basement and win this thing. If, you are telling yourself otherwise, I'm sorry you are gonna lose. You are delusional. Here's the good news. 2016 few people trusted the media 2020, even fewer this 2024 election. There is a really, really shrinking, almost infinitesimally small group of people who trust the media.


The upside to that is everybody's skeptical of mainstream media stories. 'cause they lie to you about everything. Now the downside is there's still a gaslighting effect for them, isolating for you from the truth. In other words, even though they lie, it's not always an act of omission by the media. It's an, excuse me, an act of omission. It's an act of omission. you know, if the media doesn't tell independent voters about a bad story about Democrats, the information doesn't get out there. So they still do have some power, but everybody laughs at 'em. Now, I know you've seen this clip and a lot of people joked and thought it was funny. This is serious. This is Stephen Colbert's audience who goes to see Stephen Colbert If. you ever heard of him? He says, goofy late night guy.


He did like this vaccine dance and all this stuff. Like, eh, look, we love the vaccine. Everybody e inject this. The guy's a total dork. Okay? He's not funny at all. Go watch a video of him, him dancing with Chuck Schumer. It's hilariously stupid. He's a big lefty. This is his audience. This is not like an audience that would go and see a conservative comic or anything, a gutfeld or something. He's got Kaitlyn Collins, the primetime host from CNN on. I want you to watch what happens when Steven Colbert makes a a dead serious comment. He's not kidding. He's not designed to be a joke about CNN and the facts. Listen to his liberal audience goes to show you we're winning a little bit too. Here, check this out. It, It's kind of been this moment where he has not been able to coalesce around a single attack line.


I know you guys are objective over there that you just report the news as it is. Oh, I know A CNN makes a, I know That's supposed to be a laugh line. It wasn't supposed to be, but I guess it is. What, what I, what I, what I wanted to ask is that, but you guys, You see how embarrassed he is folks, do you notice the micro expressions and the change in tone? It's important stuff. I'm not trying to overanalyze it, but having, you know, you cite your education, you're always a tool bag, but haven't spent a lot of time in psychology and sociology class. You notice the micro expressions and the the quick stutter and the change. He knows he's embarrassed. He's got a CNN host on. They just laughed at the idea that CN is a journalistic outlet in front of a left wing audience.


What I'm getting at is the commission lies the peepee tape stuff. The Trump is a Nazi stuff. The JD Vance's crap and all this other stuff. No one believes it. That's the good news, the bad news. And what we still have to fight against is the lies by omission. The negative stuff out there about Democrats that they don't cover. They're avoiding the Tim Wall stolen valor story, which is catastrophic to the working class military community. They're ignoring the Kamala Harris stealing your private healthcare plan story. They're ignoring all that. So it is still damaging, but they can still sabotage this election. We had a win yesterday too.


That theory, Breton at EU commissioner who threatened Elon Musk got kicked right in the balls even by the left wing lunatics in Brussels Financial Times. Brussels slaps down theory Britton the Communist over the harmful content letter to Elon Musk. That's a good one. That's a, I guess they took my go f yourself tweet. Seriously, folks, this is how we fight back cutesy times over kids. You wanna play cutesy Tom? We gotta find a different show. This ain't it. This ain't it. Okay, we're not doing that. We're not doing any of that, any of it.


By the way, I, you are being subjected to a massive, massive global propaganda campaign to retcon Kamala Harris. It's what makes me worried. Hey, a couple quick notes I wanna throw in here. We are doing a massive election night show. We've been planning it. We started yesterday. I hope you join us. It's gonna be live. It's gonna be me and Avita. We will not be doing it from this studio. We'll probably be doing it from a location to be named shortly. I may be inviting some listeners, so I'll let Anita and the groins and stuff, you know first. But this is gonna be a banger of a show. We're probably gonna start around 8:00 PM, but start preparing your viewing schedule.


It's all gonna be live. Me and Avita will be doing it. We're gonna have the best guests. So get ready, spread the word election night. This is gonna be like, must see TV for you, I promise. We are. We're really excited about it. And show that. Newsweek, you got that Newsweek, I wanna show you. Thank you. Newsmax, excuse me. 20 key people that can help Trump win. Number one, the Dan Bonino radio show. Bono's influence. I conservative audience provides a strong media platform to Trump to spread his message, galvanize, support, and mobilize voters. That ain't me. It's you. Well, yeah, it's me, it's my show, but it's you. The Bonino army is growing in power. The most powerful thing out there. Thanks to you. And we make no apologies at all.


You are being subjected to a mass propaganda campaign and we're gonna shut it down. Okay? Do you see this tweet by Sarah Fisher, the Kamala Harris campaigns? you know this have been editing news headlines and descriptions and search ads. I promise you, if the Trump campaign was doing that, there would be a federal investigation. The FTC, the FBI, the D-O-J-M-I five MI six, global investigative bodies would be investigating the Donald Trump campaign. Look at all these sponsored ads, manipulated headlines. Look at all this BS You are being subjected to a mass propaganda campaign. Folks, it is up to you and the Bonino army to go out there and not only bring 10 people to the voting booth, but to convert 10 independents and persuadable Democrats to our side of the ledger.


They're being propagandized. Kamala Harris is a communist. I'm gonna prove it to you next. And if communism and socialism and left wing progressive liberalism is so popular, I'm gonna ask a simple question. You know what it is? Why is everybody running from it? Why is Kamala Harris and Tim Waz running away from it if it's so popular? The exposing is about to begin in a minute. Not that kind of exposing you freak could do is on the left. We're not like you. Crazy lunatics. The exposing is about to happen. Stay tuned it. All right, last break and then we're gonna get back. Told us. I'm gonna show you what you're really dealing with right now.


Hey, If, you guys heard about this new superfood? Listen, I'm in love with this product. No kidding. I was talking about it this morning. Thousands of five star reviews. Life-changing change testimonials. I love it. I'm addicted. I love it. Arm colostrum folks. Colostrum's one of the first nutrition things we receive in life. It contains essential nutrients our body need in order to thrive. Arm colostrum I I take about three scoops a day. I put two scoops in my protein shake in the morning, and then right before I go to sleep, I take another one. Arm. Colostrum is a proprietary concentrate of bovine colostrum that harnesses over 400 living bioactive nutrients that can help strengthen the barriers of your body and help fuel cellular health for thousands of research backed health benefits. It can help strengthen immunity, ignite metabolism, fortify gut health, activate hair growth and skin radiance, power, fitness performance, and confer powerful anti-aging benefits. I swear by this stuff I'm gonna be 50. I love it. We've worked out a special offer from my audience. Receive 15% off your first order. Go to try armor.com/dan or enter Dan to get 15% off your first order. That's T-R-Y-A-R-M-R a.com. Try armor.com/dan. Check it out. Send me your results. You're gonna love it. These statements, the products are not gonna evaluat by the fda. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition. These statements and information are not a substitute or alternative seeking care from your healthcare provider. Check 'em out. Armor


and our last sponsor today, american financing.net. Hey, the ability to provide for your family has changed quite a bit in the last couple of years. When you go shopping, you're getting less, but you're spending the same. You have to decide what to buy and what to do without. When you go to the checkout, you're swipe in that credit card, which puts you in a really destructive never ending cycle. A credit card interest accruing every month. There's gotta be a better way. Well, there is American financing. If you're a homeowner, they'll take all of that equity you have built up and they'll use it to pay off that high interest debt. How does that sound? They're saving their customers an average of $854 a month. That's a lot of money. They're closing some and as fast as 10 days start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. Call American Financing today, eight eight eight nine nine four seventy six sixty eight eight eight nine nine four seventy six sixty or visit them online. It's a.net. Address american financing.net american financing.net. NMLS 1 8 2 3 3 4 N mls consumer access.org. Thank you American Finance. We appreciate it


folks. Simple question for you. Coming up in this election, when you're talking to potential persuadable voters, ask 'em a very simple question which will crack that, that, that, that the myths they have in front of their face that prevents 'em from seeing the light here. The hell am I some kind of poet or something like that? What kind of bullshit was that? See the light. Look the light. You gotta crack the wall, man. And here's what you ask them. If liberalism and progressivism is so wonderful, why does Kamala Harris keep changing her positions? I don't understand.


Here's Kamala Harris. Let the exposing begin telling a supporter at a q and a session that she's prepared as she enters office when she's running for president to close down immigration detention centers. So let me ask you a simple question, folks. If illegal immigrants enter the country illegally and break the law, but there's nowhere to detain them because there's no detention centers, anyone in the chat know where they go, where they're going right now, your hometown. That's right. Don't listen to me. Listen to her in her own words. Check this out. Thank you. Hi, my name's Sally Hartman.


I'm a volunteer with the Center for Worker Justice. Great. I want to know when you become president, would you be committing to close immigration detention centers? Absolutely. On day one. And thank you for There's no delay folks. There's no delay. I don't mean seven second delay in the show. I mean, there's no delay in her answer. Oh, absolutely. On day one. Categorical, no exceptions, no nothing. This is who she is. You really think the media's gonna hold her to account and ask her to answer for that? No, they're not. Stop.


No, they are not. They're gonna allow her to evolve on the issue. That's who she is. She wants people to come into the country illegally and she doesn't even wanna be able to detain them 'cause they wanna have any detention centers. They're whole words folks. They're not mine. I want you to see what happens here. Listen to me. The electoral dynamics of the country will never be the same. I I can argue that I'm not gonna be the same. Now, I think we've still got a chance to win this, but I want you to understand they are trying to convert illegal immigrants into voting power.


That's why they don't want you talking about their replacement theory. That's their thing. It's always been their thing. We have played the demographic destiny Democrat soundbites a thousand times. That's why the media never attacks this show. 'cause they're afraid. You're gonna go look at what we're exposing, which is true. The Democrats have been talking about replacement theory and demographic destiny forever. This has nothing to do with immigration. Nothing. Nothing. This has everything to do with voting power. Remember the electoral college? The census right now factors in people, not citizens.


If. you can pile people into the country legally or illegally, especially in blue states and can get them on government benefits. The Democrats feel like they can win a national presidential election every year with no competition. That's why they're doing no here. Here. You doubt me. Again, go look. This article up if, if If, you doubt me at all, Michelle Goldberg, New York Times October, 2018. We can replace them. They've written articles about it. They don't care about the ramifications of illegal immigration. I told you there were gonna be stories like this left and right. They are flying people into the country, folks illegally, and this kind of stuff is happening left and right.


I could run one of these stories every day. Watch this Fox News report about another illegal immigrant flown into the country by borders, Zark, Kamala Harris, and watch what happened. Take a look. Cory Alvarez was arrested and charged with raping a 15-year-old disabled girl at a migrant hotel in Massachusetts. Alvarez was brought into the US last year via the Biden administration's CHNV Mass parole program for Haitians. Now, CHNV stands for Cuba, Haiti, Nicaragua, and Venezuela. All countries we don't have a repatriation agreement with. And this controversial parole program we're told he flew directly from Haiti to JFK airport in to New York City in June of 2023.


Folks, that's a border czar, Biden border, za Harris plan to fly these people in. Oh look, New York Times immigrants are becoming US citizens at the fastest clip in years. Wow. They really work. Fa the government gets really efficient when it wants to be strange, right? The United States government, they can't do anything, right? Not an Obamacare website. Did you? Did you know the, this federal student loan program thing for colleges? The F, what is it? F-A-F-S-A form or whatever it is. you know, they've been trying to fix that thing for like five years now. But yes, right now speeding up those legal immigrants into the country and potentially illegal immigrants too.


I told you folks, Kamala Harris hurts you. She personally hurts you. You liberals out there, listen to my show and hate my guts. I don't like you either. I don't like you at all. I get your death threats every day, nasty ass emails. I can put 'em on the show, but I know you watch, so I'm talking to you. I'm telling you idiots. She hurts you personally. You are suffering because of Kamala Harris. I want you to understand that she was the border czar that led to this immigration crisis, and she was also the most important vote for the one piece of Biden Harris legislation that hurt your wallet the most.


That was the Pro Inflation Inflation Production Act. She was the deciding vote. This was floating around social media in case you need visual evidence. Kamala Harris, for those liberals out there who don't understand basic civics, the vice president is the president of the Senate. The Vice President casts tie-breaking votes. you know who casts the tie-breaking vote to spend trillions of dollars and cause a massive inflation crisis that is destroying you and your family. You guessed it. One Kamala Harris, watch this On this vote. The yays are 50, the nays are 50.


The Senate being equally divided. The vice president votes in the affirmative and the bill as amended is passed. She was, you know, I hate, literally, I hate that word. It's so overused. This is not a figurative statement. She's literally the deciding vote. Your wallet is destroyed and your communities are being destroyed because of the two eyes. Illegal immigration and inflation. And Kamala Harris was the boss on both of 'em. She was the boss, the big boss, the deciding vote and the border czar right there.


You saw it on the screen. Wait, play it one more time in case you doubt me. This is, look at the bottom. Look at what it says. If you're watching on, or excuse me, listening on Apple and Spotify. I'll read for you the bottom. Play this one more time please. On this vote, the yays are 50, the nays are 50. The Senate being equally divided. The vice president votes in the affirmative and the bill. Amen. Oh look, HR 53 76, the Inflation Reduction Act, also known as the Inflation Production Act. There. Thank you. Look, thank you for the for the still. There you go. In case you're missing that, what do you think we edited that the two biggest crises of our time, the two eyes illegal immigration and inflation are both due to one.


Kamala Harris, you think the media's gonna expose them? Come on, please stop. Please stop. She hurts you, man. She hurts you. She hurt you. She hurt you personally. You wanna watch, you wanna watch the horror? Hey, you gotta watch it. You're not allowed to turn away. I want you to watch this poor lady coming up next by, by the way, is this, this is M-S-N-B-C, right? This, this next clip. The it's NBC Oh NBC. Same thing. Yeah. This is lunatic. NBC. This isn't Fox. This isn't Newsmax. This is a segment on NBC in Philadelphia, Philly, a liberal city in a swing state in Pennsylvania.


Liberals are like, where's Philly? Remember Rocky? you know, I want you to watch this lady talking about what inflation did to her life. She's crying. She's crying. This is what Kamala Harris personally, personally did to you. All of you. She hurt you. Watch this. How hard has inflation Hit you? It it hit me hard. It's hitting me hard. What do you blame for it? I blame the federal government at this point. If a working class mom who works as a paralegal cannot buy a $2 bell pepper because it's now five, imagine a mother living on food stamps.


Imagine the mother who's making minimum wage trying to feed children. They're killing us without killing us. If you. If. you understand that they're killing us without telling us they're killing us. They're hurting people in ways that they can't help themselves. It's either feed my child or, or how about feed my children and I don't eat, but I have to go work. Hey man, you gotta watch it. I'm not trying to hurt your feelings or get you upset on a Wednesday morning. That's not my bag of donuts, man.


That's not, I'm just telling you, when you go into places traditionally associated with liberal vote, I don't know that lady's politics at all. don don't prejudge anyone. I certainly don't play these simple identity politics games like the left does. That lady could be a conservative for. I have no idea. All I'm telling you is it's a liberal network in a liberal city. And what are they airing? A woman devastated by the effects of the Kamala Harris inflation. She cast the deciding vote. She is personally responsible. She had an opportunity to say no to inflation and she didn't. She did the opposite. She did this to you.


You ever see a Bronx Tale? One of my favorite movies with Chaz Palmer, one of the best actors ever with the bikers. You know what I'm talking about, right? Look at me. I did this to you. She did it to you. She did it to you. And here's the kick in the balls. She wanted to do it even worse. If she would've been in charge rather than Biden at the top, it would've been even worse. She wanted a Medicare for all government takeover. You a union worker, you negotiated your union, busted its ass to get you guys a nice kind of Cadillac healthcare plan. By the way, do you union guys out there, a guy called?


Did you guys, folks in the chat, did anybody hear the union guy who called my show the other day on the radio? Super nice guy. But he was wondering why Republicans were anti-Union. I said, who told you that? We are in no way anti-Union. We're anti force. We don't want anybody to be forced to join any organization, union, a baseball team, anything. I'd love My dad and my brother's in the union. They do great things. My dad was in the union. We are not anti-Union. I'll prove it to you right now. Imagine being in a union. You've negotiated a labor contract and in exchange for forfeiting some wage increases, you negotiated a really, really good healthcare plan for your members.


Happens all the time. Some union healthcare plans are fantastic. Some of you in here may have 'em. God bless you. If you're in a and your union did that good work. That's what you pay them to do. How do you feel that Kamala Harris wanted to take that and rip it away and shove it right? That's what she wanted to do. That's what government healthcare for All is. It's free market. Negotiated private healthcare for nobody. Oh, come on Dan. She never said that. Okay, let's go back again. Check it out. Here's the video. But I assure you that Donald Trump is doing better among the average union member, not teachers unions and not the unions for government, but everybody else, the trades people working their hands, he's doing better among them than any Republican has done in decades.


This is not gonna be a problem for him. The union leadership is more divided from their membership. And the louder that it gets, the greater the divides are gonna come. And in my focus groups, and this is remarkable to me, the union membership says they don't speak for me. You know what? That's my fault. I screwed that up. But it actually works better. I was gonna play. I was supposed to play it. Long story short, I was supposed to play that first, but I'm gonna play it to Medicare for all thing now. Now, do you see why I don't even trust Frank lz? He's wrong on just about everything. However, I know a lot of union workers, they can't stand Kamala Harris. They realize everything they negotiated is gonna go out the window. You are a union worker in the car business.


All they want is electric cars. I've got news for you. Electric cars require fewer auto workers. Did you know that? And nobody wants to buy them. People want gas. Put gas in my freaking car. They want gas. That's why union workers are saying, screw union leadership. We're voting Trump. I want my healthcare plan. I want my job. I want a growing economy. I want my Bennys. That's what they negotiated. But you've got Kamala Harris lobbying for a government takeover. Here's Kamala Harris, again, unequivocal Medicare for all kids, which means your healthcare out the freaking window.


There's gonna be more crying people if she gets elected. Check this out. I wanna give Credit to Bernie. Take credit. Bernie, you. you know, you brought us this far on Medicare for all. I support Medicare for all I always have, but I support Medicare for all. I always have. What are the evidence you need? Oh damn. But she said she flip flopped on it and she doesn't anymore. So you don't think if she gets in office, she's gonna flip flop again because she doesn't flip flop when she just flip flop. She just said she's always, she is a die hard San Francisco Communist radical. Given the first opportunity to push for a government takeover, the healthcare and the cancellation of your union healthcare plan, she will absolutely do it.


Mark the day. Red flags in the chat right now. God forbid this woman gets elected union folks out there, you will rule the day you voted for this buil. I'm telling you, she's lying to you. She has been a government takeover of the healthcare system, supporter her entire life. She is only lying to you to get elected On, on, on. Not anymore. Not anymore. This is why they're trying to hide her. This is why the media is doing a Casper, the Friendly Ghost and trying to disappear. Kamala Harris. This is why she's ducking an honest debate. It's why she doesn't wanna go on Fox where she may be asked a hard question.


She only wants to do debates with the John Karl class, these idiots at a, B, C and elsewhere. Watch Dan Goldman the dumbest male member of Congress. Of course, the dumbest member is a OC, obviously the dumbest male member of Congress. Dan Goldman, Democrat moron on with Brett Bear when he's confronted with a simple fact, Kamala Harris is ducking these debates, not Trump. Trump's agreed to three of 'em. And the prior debates he agreed to with Biden, not Kamala Harris. What's the difference? It's a totally different candidate. That's the difference. you don watch this. I if I'm Donald Trump, I understand why he doesn't want a debate.


Kamala Harris is a Well, he accepted three former prosecutor. He, he, she is very, He said yes to September 4th, September 10th, September 17th. He, he said he had to yes to a lot of them. So it's not that he is obviously afraid to debate. No, no, no, no. So no, no, no. He had agreed to September 10th on a BBC with Biden who got pushed out. W what's the difference? Why, why, why should he not debate whoever the candidate is on September 10th as he agreed to? Okay. What is the difference between candidate Biden and Candidate Air? No, it's fine. He said he would do it. I'm just saying he's also agreed to other debates. You said he hasn't agreed to others. He has. It's the Kamala Harris campaign that hasn't agreed on the other side. Dude, can you steal that Dan Goldman's face?


I love it. He looks like he's taking a dump in his diaper or something like that when Brett bear calls about, no, no, we've actually agreed to three debates. Oh, what's the difference? It's a different candidate. It's a totally different race. It's a completely different race. Dude. One was against Biden where Biden said, I'm only gonna do this, this, and this. Harris didn't negotiate that. I love it. Look at him. Look at this guy is definitely soiling himself right there. Brett's like telling the staff in the makeup room. You wanna get the guy some Wipies. Look at him. Look at her face. Look at him. This guy and it Look at him.


He said he would do it. I'm just saying he's also agreed To other debate. Debate. She said he hasn't agreed To others. He has. This is why they're trying to hide her. They're trying to hide her because they don't want union people, black Americans, Hispanic Americans, and young kids to know she's a freaking communist dude. That's why. And by the way, for those of you buying all this Kamala phenomenon bullshit. I'm telling you, scrap the red wave talk. I get it. But don't get crazy, please. The media's actually freaking out behind the scenes about Kamala Harris.


They know she's an incredibly weak candidate and she doesn't have the genise quois. She just doesn't. There is no big momentum behind her. Here's this, I I, when I put these pollsters up, I try to only put liberal pollsters. It's for a reason. Don't laugh. Not because I trust polls. Polls suck their points in time period. I'd rather be winning in them than losing. I've been consistent on this the whole time. But I don't buy polls, especially when they come to Donald Trump. So why do you put liberal pollsters up? Because there's zero reason for a liberal pollster on CNN zero to go out and help Donald Trump. So when they're telling you, Hey listen, this Kamala phenomenon thing, we're not really seeing a lot of it in the polls.


You should probably listen. The polls always underestimate Donald Trump. Don't get freaky geeky. Do people out there know Donald Trump is panicking about JD Van? No. Kelly and Conway's panicking about JD Van. Nobody's panicking about JD Van. Zero people. Zero people are doing that here. Watch the CNN pollster, Harry n And you tell me, am I crazy? Check this out. I Wanna take a step back and sort of point out, we've kind of been here before. So August 13th, how far were the polls off in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. And this is in 2016 and 2020. Trump was estimated both times around and by significant margins.


Take a look here in 2016, the average poll in those states dimension, those great Lake battleground states, Trump was underestimated by nine points on average at this point in 2016. How about 2020? It wasn't a one-off. Look at this. He was underestimated by five points on average. And of course Kamala Harris' advantage in those New York Times CI college polls were four points in each of these key battleground states. Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin. The bottom line is this, If, you have any idea if you're a Kamala Harris fan and you wanna rip open the champagne bottle, pop that cork. Do not do it. Donald Trump is very much in this race. If we have a polling shift like we've seen in prior years from now until the final result, Donald Trump would actually win.


I'm not saying that's gonna happen, but I am saying that he's very much in this ball game. Guys, I I, I hate to CNN clips. I might as well play Bugs Bunny clips. I, I'm simply stating if this guy's not crazy, even though he works at CNN, I played his clips a few times because he's not, what he's saying is true. The polls always underestimate Donald Trump's support always, every single cycle. I showed you the article. Do we have that article from the other day? The Washington Post Trump's chances of winning are approaching zero. How many times is this psyop gonna happen?


Oh, we're losing. Kamala is up the swing states. I saw a thing today. Cook political. The Kamala's gonna win in like a landslide or whatever. All these states guys, everybody needs to do one thing right now. Do we know what it is? How many times am I gonna say this? Execute you 10 people to the polls. Not nine, not eight. You wanna do 11? You wanna do a hundred? Great. You are to bring, this is an order out to the Bongino army. We are the most powerful voice in conservative media. We are. Go take 10 people. You wanna take a hundred?


Great. You get promoted to lieutenant but you're not allowed to take less than 10. It don't mean you have to drive them. It means you have to contact 10 people before the election and make sure they vote. Oh, I don't wanna bother people about politics. Yeah, you wanna lose your country. You're gonna believe this shit again. That's a real article. October, 2016, Donald Trump's chances of winning are approaching zero. They're doing the same thing again. The polls are the psychological operation against you. Don't buy it. Execute. That is it. you know the support is there. I've shown you folks, what else do I need to do?


That's alright, don. Don't mean to sound like a dick. You guys are wrong. I've shown you man on the street interviews. No one can find a freaking kalo supporter anywhere. I've shown you polls. I've shown you polls on left wing networks I showed you yesterday. A lot of people asked me It is at p Political polls. I think that was a political, the account on X, that was that. The registration numbers, voter registration, Republicans up a quarter million people. Democrats down 20,000. What else do you need to hear? We are in good, not great shape. It's a 50 50 race. Don't get cocky. But it is time to execute. So much so they are stealing our plans. I told you, my Nevada listener told me a guy knocked on his door and told him about the 10, 10 and 10 plan.


That's our plan. That's our plan. It is time to go and execute and win this damn thing. And folks, this JD Vance bullshit that's happening. I discussed in the beginning with these insiders with the sabotage. It's time for you to call it out. Everyone in the Bonino army, get in your social media account and tell 'em, cut this bullshit out. I don't want to hear another word about this. It's a great ticket. This is the ticket we're going to battle with. Get behind it or get the hell out of the movement. 'cause you're wasting our time and you're becoming time vampires. I'm trying to play nice about it to not get distracted. But now you're trying to sabotage this thing. Cut the bullshit.


Go win. All right folks, I really appreciate it. By the way, the boycott of Dunking Donuts, it's going fantastic. Thank you. We got our Blackout Coffee. Dunking Donuts decided to toy with us at Rumble. They apparently don't like right wingers. So Chris at Rumble's taking a stand, he chucked all his Dunkin Donuts products. So spread the word on that. You can follow my Ex account for more on that. So we appreciate it. Do us a favor support Rumble in this battle for free speech. I need a favor from you. Download the Rumble app. It's free If. you wanna follow us on on web? It's okay. It's rumble.com/bonino. Click that green follow button. You guys got that little thingy you always throw up there. We really appreciate it. It's absolutely free.


Please get us to 4 million followers by the end of the year. We would love it. Sends a big message. We're the biggest live stream in the world also give us a follow on Apple and Spotify. We were 13 on Spotify yesterday. Thanks to you, big jump. So we really appreciate it. See you on the radio show here in a little bit. And back here at 11:00 AM Eastern Time Live. Live streaming tomorrow. Thanks for tuning in. See you then. You just heard the Dan, Bongino, Show.