
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Thank you Justin. I so much confidence is inspired right now. So much confidence now that Kamala Harris is likely going to be the Democrat nominee. Holy Moses folks, I don't even know where to start. Unlike up in the air Kamala Harris, a potential Kamala Harris presidency and the devastating national security consequences of that, or the Secret service director right now bullshitting the entire known universe and only Republicans asking questions.


This woman is a disgrace to humankind. There is nothing classified about the operation anymore. Everybody knows the post standers. Everybody knows it was secured and unsecured. It's like a motorcade route. After the President's run it, it's not secure anymore because everybody knows the president took that route because he took it. This woman is a disgrace, Ladies and gentlemen, I'm gonna help Congress out with a question right now. Big, big show. Don't go anywhere. I'm tired of the bullshit.


Thank you to everyone who joined us last night for our emergency broadcast. You heard me rave about Beam Dream every week, so get it now. The roughing, the largest discount at chop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code Bonino. Get some better sleep.


Alright folks, this is your home for breaking news. Here's the question right away up front, 'cause I hate bullshit. And I have no time congressional members. If you're listening right now, ask her and tell her she's under oath. Kim Cheadle, is she using Signal to communicate with the White House specifically Bernal and Tomasini from the Biden White House? Ask her. Ask her a reminder. She's under oath. Always breaking news folks, it's been a whirlwind this past few weeks, been traveling around. Show me an Independence Day traveling around spending the last week in Milwaukee for the RNC.


I'm grateful to come home to a freezer full of Omaha steaks. You gotta eat good. It's good to know I can reach for an Omaha Steaks burger or one of their butchers, cut top sirloins and get be guaranteed a great, delicious meal in the comfort of my own home. And remember, you can still take advantage of the hotter than fire sale@omahasteaks.com and get their gourmet packages starting at just $99. Use my code Bond Gino to get an extra $10 off the package. Includes some of my favorite butcher cut butchers. Cut Top Sir Lines, Omaha Steak Burgers, jumbo. Frank, some more You. know always I love Omaha steaks. I've been a fan way before they were a sponsor here, folks, the best steaks you'll ever have in your life. I mean, it's the world's best beef. Not only is it quality what I look for in my proteins, but every purchase is backed by their unconditional money backed delicious guarantee. Use Code Bonino to get an extra $10 off now and experience what I'm talking about. That's code Bonino for an extra $10 off today. Omaha steaks and see what I mean. Thank you Omaha Steaks.


Alright Justin, let's go folks. First. Kraken, this is for you. I wanna thank my staff again, this is super important. Justin's working. He's a little bit under the weather. Gee is traveling. Michael and Avita got caught and there was also a family emergency. so we are working on a skeleton crew, but it doesn't matter, we're gonna get the show to you. So just bear with us a little bit if there's a slight little technical hiccup. We don't anticipate any but I really appreciate it. By the way, some of you see the Bonino Army shirt. I know it's a little light. I'm not sure. Can you see that on your screen over there? It says Bonino Army. This is for you guys. Listen, we just did it for you. We donate the money to charity so our proceeds from it, it's store.bonino.com if you want one, but this is for the Bonino Army exclusively for you guys.


This is not like a wide distribution shirt, it's for you. We print 'em on demand, so you want it. We provide. Hey, listen, quickly before I get to Kim Cheadle, I wanna go over some things just fast. I had warned you about the debate that the biggest problem we were gonna have if the debate happened and we crushed President Biden, which happened. I warned you in advance that this was gonna cause a big problem. The big problem was it was gonna create pressure to push Biden out. Ladies and gentlemen, go back. Listen, this is a fuck self praise stuff. Sorry about the language, my apology, but who cares? I don't wanna waste your freaking time. I told you what was gonna happen and it happened. The Democrats scheduled this debate early.


Why? If you watch my show, You know because they wanted Biden out. They knew he was mentally compromised and was gonna fold and it gave him enough time to get him out. That's the only, it was a hit job. Go listen to the show from that day. I think the title of the show was something like, is it a hit job? Everything we told you was gonna happen happen. I told you this guy wasn't gonna be the nominee. They just needed time. Here was a quick minute clip of what I was talking about. I want you to listen to this 'cause it's important 'cause now Ladies and gentlemen, I don't care what anybody tells you, the best candidate we could run against, meaning the worst candidate for the Democrats was Biden. I'm not telling you we can't beat Kamala Harris, but I'm telling you, don't get cocky.


Seriously, check this out. The single worst debate performance you have ever seen in your entire life, Ladies and gentlemen, when you lose CNN, Chuck Todd, the young turds and everyone else, it is over. Now that's the good news. That's the good news audience guys and ladies, my friends, what's the bad news? Yes, the bad news is we needed a push, but we got a push. Meaning we'd gotta have our moment and we wanted them to have our moment. You remember why from yesterday's show? Because we don't want Biden out of the race.


He's the single worst candidate in the country. And. I want to run against him last night. There's a small problem. Yes, we can all kind of celebrate the victory the Democrats and it does kind of feel good to watch this narcissistic kid sniffing loser woman, groping daughter showering, zero, suffer after all the suffering he's put on us. but I haven't dec candid with you last night, And I can't be a hypocrite. I said yesterday we needed more of a push. It was such complete destruction. My fear now is that the likelihood of Biden not being the candidate now is about 51%. You guys, my P ones Bino Army, Justin You know we don't do that often 'cause why play dumb ass clips of yourself before?


If you could just say it again, I want you to be really careful. This is also why I hate Red Wave and landslide talk. Ladies and gentlemen, Kamala Harris won isn't even the presumptive nominee. She has zero delegates. Biden had pledged delegates, not her. We don't know what's going to happen. I'm just telling you. I said yesterday in my emergency broadcast, you would know by Wednesday who they're going to lean towards. I I'm already correct. You know by Monday, Newsom and the Clintons have already endorsed her. Obama's only a matter of time. Obama's just waiting to lick his finger and see where the wind blows. Kamala Harris has all the momentum now they are going to try to reinvent her And I don't want anyone getting cocky about this anyone.


This woman has zero qualifications whatsoever and yet despite all the talk, oh, she blew it in the presidential election. She still managed to win over liberals in California a couple times. Do not play this election down. They will try to reinvent her a thousand times and mark my words, flag it today. Flags in the chat folks. Red flags right now. I wanna see 'em. Don't mean to sound bossy, but I need the confirmation. Every single attack on Kamala Harris is going to be portrayed as racist and misogynist. It doesn't matter that it's not. It never is with conservatives. Every single attack and I promise you it's gonna cow some people into submission.


I promise you flag it today. Let's get into quickly a couple of things and by the way, that Michigan poll is what pushed Biden out. Now the only question is how long does he hold on as president? We need Kamala Harris to take over today so we can pin her to thank you Chad. You guys are the best and ladies out there love you. The bonino savages that makes you do his shirt on that. If you watch last night, You know I was in a mood last night during the emergency broadcast. How long does Biden hold on Now as President Biden should resign, Kamala Harris should take over, would allow us to pin the Biden resume to Harris pushed for him to get out.


Ladies and gentlemen, if he's not capable to be the candidate, he's not capable, be the president. What happens from this point forward? I'm not gonna spend a lot of time on this. I hate the Washington Post. It's the most phony fake thing. But listen, they're activist Democrats, so obviously they know the Democrat Party better than I do because they're activists are not media people. How Democrats can pick a new candidate step by step folks. They have a virtual vote coming up in just a couple of weeks in August. The other option is an open convention, a scenario the party hasn't experienced since 68, so they can nominate virtually in a couple weeks or wait till the end of August for the convention and do an open convention. You need 300 delegates to get your name formally entered into contention.


50 can't be from the same state. They note here, a few thousand delegates representing voters officially decide on the nominee. Say it's an open convention. Typically they choose the winner of the primaries. That's what they're sent to do, but that's not the case right now. Biden's left the race so all his delegates are now free agents. They're not pledged to Kamala and can choose a candidate on their own without voter input If an open convention happens. Ladies and gentlemen, I don't expect absolute chaos like some are predicting. I think Kamala Harris may coalesce. They may coalesce around her now that newsom's out. We'll see what JB Pritzker does. Whitmer is now out. We'll also see who they pick for a vice presidential nominee. They know here, just to get your name in the roll call vote, your candidates would need the signatures of at least 300 delegates.


No more than 50 can come from any one state. I think we're gonna know again by Wednesday. I'm already seeing, seeing a paper trail here now that Kamala Harris is gonna coalesce support and what I'm hearing from people, I said this last night, forgive me for repeating it, but it's important if you missed last night's emergency broadcast. I'm hearing now that the Biden people are winking and nodding and implying to people that if you come out against her, you're gonna be accused of racism and misogyny too. That's the Democrats. Of course they're gonna accuse Republicans of that. That's all they know how to do. Folks, we just got back from the RNC. This is absolutely no time for any weekend update. I'm sorry, but I, thank you. I thank you to all of you tuned in. It's a quick photo from the RNC. There's a bunch of content up there.


If you missed any of it, this was probably the best collaboration we've ever done. It was me, Don Junior Tucker Carlson on the Dan, Bongino Show. Chris Pavlovsky from Rumble jumped in at the end. It is an absolute blast. It's up on my feed. There's a ton of content there. I don't have time to update everything on the RNC folks. We will at some point. It was a, the behind the scenes was just as great and entertaining as in front of the scenes. We'll get to that another day. It's a heavy news day. I still want to get to the Secret Service thing. Also, I'm gonna tell you, just again quickly coming back from there, that even Peggy Noonan, who's no Trump fan at all at the Wall Street Journal, is starting to note that the RNC was a triumph and that the Trump MAGA movement is now a real movement. This isn't some ragtag group of misfits.


I still like the misfit label only because I like being renegades. However, we're a real party now and you should be very proud of yourself. What we pulled off, because that was you too, thank you to all the people who said really nice things and came up to us at the convention. We were honored to be there. President Trump, I wanna thank Laura too. They put us up in President Trump's box and we were really honored to be there, so thank you so much. Alright, I wanna get back quickly. I'm gonna jump around a lot today 'cause there's a lot going on, but I want to get to the assassination attempt on Donald Trump. Kim Cheadle is testifying right now. Folks, listen to me if I thought there was anything for you to watch. I candidly, because information matters to me, not bullshit. And I know you'll watch later. I would say to you, oh, go tune in.


It's live now. You get information. It's a waste of your time. Kim Cheadle from the jump, she's been on about little over an hour now. Kim Cheadle has said nothing. She is defrauding America by bullshitting everyone and pretending that she can't share information because it's classified. That is bullshit. No one is asking her for methodologies. They're asking her specifically about the breakdown that day in security and repeated requests for security that she's turned down. She has proven to be a liar. They have lied repeatedly. Ladies and gentlemen, this has been the home for breaking news. Everything that's come out recently. There were only three secret service agents. We reported that last week.


The rest were HSI. That was reported last week. You were a week ahead of the story. The latter story. All of you seeing that picture of the ladder he used no ladder. Listen to me. The ladder was placed there after by law enforcement accessing the roof. That's not his ladder. I can't tell you this enough. That's important. It's important because he used an AC unit to get up there and we don't know if him getting on the roof was part of his initial plan or if he thought he was gonna take a ground shot at Trump or Trump in the crowd or the crowd or the crowd in Trump. These details matter. I will never mess with you. Do you I promise you? Look at me, please. God, I never use this name in vain.


Don't ever, ever let me do what some of these people do for clicks. The truth matters. It is the truth has no agenda. We have been ahead of this story because we stuck to the facts. Couple of things out there. Now, I told you a week ago, and I'm gonna bring the damn receipts that the Secret Service has repeatedly asked for enhanced security at Mar-a-Lago and around President Trump. It's the leadership team of what's known as DTD, Donald Trump division, the DTD, the Donald Trump detail, okay? They have repeatedly asked for enhanced security. I said that and all of the people jumped down my throat. Mayor Orkis, secret Service folks, all of them jumped down my throat and said I was bullshitting.


New York Post. Oh look, secret Service Honchos denied Trump additional security for two years before assassination attempt damning revelation. I told you, please don't believe the bullshit. There's a lot of people out there spinning a up a lot of fairytales and bullshit to get you down this ridiculous path. This is horrible enough on its own path. We don't need to enhance it without with made up stuff. This is critical. The Washington Post and Carol Lenning should be ashamed of themselves taking credit. By the way, for this story, I showed you the New York Post 'cause I wanna give the Washington Post any clicks.


Exclusive Secret Service denied protection assets to Donald Trump. This was published a couple days ago. Bullshit. If the freaking newspaper would've listened to me years ago, do you have that renegade Republican thing at the end before this? Justin, I'm really sorry. Poor guy's on his own. Can you? Years ago, Donald Trump likely wouldn't have been shot at. Look at the date on this show. I wasn't even, wasn't even called the Dan Bongino Show back then. My show was the Renegade Republican March 13th, 2017. President Trump isn't safe in the White House. I'd already been documenting this. Ladies and gentlemen, Check it out. The library.


I don't give a fly in F about money or anything else. Steal it from your friend. I don't care. I don't even know how many copies of this left. I wrote this book almost 10 years ago, protecting the President. Every single chapter lines out. What's wrong with the secret service? Did Carol Lenning and others reach out to me? Hey Dan, this sounds serious. No, they called me a conspiracy theorist and President Trump came within a millimeter having his freaking head blown off. 'cause he's assholes. Can't do a cranial recto and take their heads out of their asses. Here's me a week ago warning people that the security around the president was in former President Trump was not satisfactory and that the Secret Service was warned many times the story was broken with me on Fox, not the Washington Post.


Check this out. Very careful. I can tell you and absolutely confirm from the horse's mouth, from multiple people, not just one. And. I saw Congresswoman Waltz text this out before on X. There have been repeated requests to increase the security footprint around not just the residences of Donald Trump, but the body itself. And. they have been rebuffed. Like I said, I could tell you actual quotes, the secret service directors completely failed and candidly should resign today. Kim Cheadle has failed Donald Trump and honestly failed Joe Biden too. He's the president right now. Where's the DHS secretary? I mean, this is, you're blaming it on manpower.


So just to be clear, we're a $4 trillion United States government and we can't fork over enough money to keep our people alive and and then you're sending out tweets like, oh, this is the best technology we have 6 trillion. Even worse. I was thinking tax revenue, not what we spend folks here was my orcas engaged in a coverup. Where are the foyer requests now for emails about this? Who lied to them and told them that there were no rebuff, that they were, there were no refusals and requests for additional security. Here's my orcas lying to your face if you were here, you got the truth. These people are full of shit.


There's a massive coverup going on. Check this out. You also received a letter from the Chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee that suggest your department may have rebuffed multiple requests from President Trump's security detail to increase protective resources. How do you respond to that? That is unequivocally false assertion. We keep very close watch on a very dynamic threat environment. The president, the former president, our commonly, consistently under threat. We take every single threat seriously. We make security adjustments as are warranted.


We had enhanced security for the former president beginning, at least in June. We have not received any requests for additional security measures that were rebuffed. That assertion is unequivocally false. The guy's full of shit, man. He's a freaking liar. He is a bullshit artist who has lied about everything and magically this loser still hasn't resigned. Even with the secret service director lying to his face and in him repeating the lie. Nobody's ever accountable in the government. No one ever.


I have the most important question for Congress coming up next. Also, Ron Johnson was on Maria Bar Roma this weekend. Folks, there's a lot of stories going on out there. I do evidence the Bonino rule matters. That is it. That is it. If I don't have evidence, I'm not going to say something. If I'm speculating, I'll tell you. but I speculate based on evidence. There's a number of things going around. I'm gonna tell you what we know and what We don't know. And you can formulate an opinion. That's what actual reporting is. And I'm not getting down these crazy paths because it's only gonna hurt you and hurt us.


Let me take a quick break, folks. You're having trouble sleeping or staying asleep. Listen, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. Poor sleep takes a real toll on your body, your physical, your emotional health. It does. There's hope on the horizon and it comes in the form of beam's. Dream powder stuff's been a game changer for me. See, when we're sleeping well, we can be sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throw our way. Today my listeners get a special discount on Beam's Dream powder, their science back talk cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleep is never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. But dream contains a powerful all natural blend of reishi magnesium, L-theanine, apogen and melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. You wanna try beam's bestselling dream powder beam's now offering Bino listeners an exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off a limited time when you Go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at checkout. That's shop BEA m.com/bonino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off. Thanks Beam.


Folks, open questions here on the assassination attempt on Donald Trump. None of them are being answered on this hill hearing. It is an absolute waste of your time. Kim Cheadle is bullshitting everyone. This woman is a disgrace. She needs to resign immediately or someone else is going to get hurt. She is incompetent and she is not an honest person. Here's the first thing. This was a, a viral hit this weekend. Senator Ron Johnson, a good man, been on my show many times on the possibility of a third shooter. Folks, this comes from somewhere. He's not wrong here, but it's not what you think. This is based on rock solid sources.


I mean rock solid. You've gotta trust me on this one. Have I ever steered, no one's done more to expose the deep state than me, not gonna allow you to be misled. Check this out. So so are you questioning whether or not there was a second shooter? Is that what you're questioning? Or, or, or if the shooter had a different gun. You know I saw a extremely convincing video online. I know it's all over the place. You know there were three distinct shots early on, followed by another five in more staccato, more rapidly fired. And then the final one, which we believe took the shooter out. How do you explain that? I don't know. I'm not an expert. But the individual putting that video out says, it's clearly shows that there were at least three different weapons fired that day.


There were. But again, showing you the harm in jumping out ahead. Nothing he's saying there is wrong. There were three different shooters. This is your home for breaking news, Ladies and gentlemen. The third shot was from a local counter sniper team. A non-SEC service counter sniper team, local police. They missed. That's the third shot. The truth has no agenda. Okay, you stay here, you will stay on target, stay in these other places.


You're gonna get misled. And we're gonna make the same mistake we made in past things where people, folks, there are people out there who are secrete. Listen to me, please, please, I'm gonna pause here. I need you to please trust me on this. There are people out there secreting themselves into our movement and feeding nuggets of information they know to be false. They're not us. They're doing it for a reason to distract you from the truth. I don't know. This guy's motive. Could this guy be working with other people? Maybe I don't say what? I don't know. I don't say also what I I I'm not gonna eliminate that as a possibility 'cause I have no evidence otherwise either.


The, the third gunshots were from a local police department. You are gonna get spun down the wrong path and I'm absolutely convinced there are people doing it on purpose to discredit you. You do without what you want and if that's not good enough for you, and this show is never for you anyway, let's go to part two of this interview. This one, this is an open question. I'm pretty confident that in my sources, that that's an explanation for that first scenario. However, and by the way, Ron Johnson didn't say anything wrong, but he's, he's right. There were three guns.


Here's part two where he talks about this mysterious guy in a gray suit, who this guy is, I'm not sure. And some of this information I'm getting, I'm just being candid with you. I'm not willing to stake my reputation on, I'll pass it off to you. You do with it what you want. And by the way, the guy on, you know, you know social media and others the other day about me putting this information out there. It is important you have it because it's coming from sources, the veracity, the information. You guys are all strong, powerful adults. You can figure that out on your own. Here's Ron Johnson on this mysterious guy in a gray suit. Check this out. So this Is the guy in the suit who walks up the ladder, goes to the roof and tells the local, the locals send those pictures to this cell phone.


Who was that person? Well, again, I'm not sure that was the guy. I, I think another county law enforcement gave the, the number to the other county law enforcement, the snipers to, to send the, the text. Some guy in a suit walks up the ladder. They believe you. Secret service. I'm not sure where they gave credentials, but that's part of, again, Maria, this is so preliminary. I'm issuing this, I'm providing this information, a much more detailed timeline to prompt others to come forward. We, we need to complete this picture. We have a lot of puzzle pieces to fill in here. Oh, Is it, is it odd to you that the locals were being told to send the pictures to the Alcohol, tobacco, and Firearms agency A TF.


Where does a TF come In? Yeah, it's very odd. It's the, the, the oddity starts with the fact that local law enforcement were just tasked with securing the perimeter. Told to go cover that a GR building not really told where to set up. so they set up on the second floor. They went to that a GR building at 10 30 in the morning. Holy shit, I'm watching the Chad Birdman. If there was no ladder, where'd the ladder come? Do you watch the show bro? Again, please tune out Berg guy. I just explained that. How do you think the law enforcement people got up on the roof afterwards? That's their fucking ladder. Holy shit.


The guy drove there on a bike. You think he had a ladder? Oh man, man, I'm telling you, you, there are people in this movement who are secreting themselves in there just to mess with you. I promise you, I promise you on the gray suit guy, there's a number of possibilities there. I initially thought it was probably just an agent up on the roof. Maybe he didn't ID himself. I don't know. However, I'm hearing from a source that it was an agent, they were sending information to the A TF for a facial id. If it turns out to be true, I'll tell you, I'm not floating anything.


I'm telling you what I heard. If this guy turns out later to be some guy in the media who was trying to get a shot up there, a quick pick, whatever, I don't know. I'll tell you, I don't have any information otherwise on that. I'm telling you, a pretty reputable source told me that was likely an agent just taking the picture for a TF facial id. So we'll see. The truth matters. Ladies and gentlemen, also from a source You know, I'm gonna take a quick break here. The most important, important question right now for members of Congress outside of the direct security questions I've been asking over and over, why was there no drone? Why was there no line of sight protection for President Trump if you couldn't secure the roof? And why was he on the X in the first place?


Why did you bring him out on stage if you knew a threat? This is the most important question because I believe the secret service director's coordinating with the White House, nobody's getting fired here. Why? 'cause Joe Biden doesn't wanna acknowledge he's the chaos president. Let me take a quick break and we'll get back to that.


Our last break. We appreciate it. Blackout, Coffee. Folks, be awake, not woke. Start your day with Blackout. Coffee. It's my favorite coffee. Cinnamon French toast is amazing. The blueberry crumble. There are new dark chocolate flavors. Incredible. I love coffee. It's not a secret. I have quite a few cups every day. I really enjoy it. But coffee to me has, it tastes like coffee. I was in a hotel, super nice hotel, great people. But You know they give you the brown water hotel coffee. You ever noticed that Justin? Every, I don't know what it's, I think they make it weak. Maybe. I don't know. Maybe they don't want you to, to get all, all wired up. I have no idea. but I don't like it. I like coffee to taste like coffee. Bold but not bitter. I recommend Blackout Coffee. Skip the long lines at the store and order online. Try their dark chocolate, Check it out. Try the cinnamon french toast. Tell me which one you like better. Folks are blackout chip within 48 hours of roasting. Do me a favor, go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino and see what I'm talking about. They're the real deal. Stop drinking that woke corporate junk coffee. There's Blackout Coffee and that's it. Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino Use coupon code bonino. for 20% off your first order, make the switch to Blackout Coffee Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Thank you blackout. Help me out this morning.


Our last sponsor today, Jace Medical. Listen, we had storms in Texas. There's a hurricane season coming in Florida. Do you wanna get caught in emergency without lifesaving antibiotics that are stuck behind a pharmacy pay all their pharmacy Well and it doesn't even matter 'cause the pharmacy's probably gonna be closed. There's a solution no matter where you live. Disaster is gonna strike and it's called the J case. It's essential antibiotics and medication that treat the most common and deadly bacterial infections. It's like vase with a J. Go today to Jace Medical dot com. Fill out the online form. Review the terms that Jace Medical medical physician will evaluate, request and if eligible. Your medications are dispensed by a licensed pharmacy at a fraction of the regular cost. Jace Medical dot com. Enter code Bond Gino, you'll get a discount. Emergencies are right around the corner. Hurricanes and everything else do not be left unprepared. Get your customized case today of emergency medicines and antibiotics, Jace Medical dot com. Enter code bonino Jace Medical dot com code bonino, Jace Medical and products are not intended As a substitute for professional medical treatment or advice. Consult with your healthcare provider. Thank you Jace Medical. Really appreciate it.


Alright, back to the show. Notice the date on this July 20th a couple days ago, folks, there are people feeding me information left and right. It is now turned into a tidal wave. Do You know why they're feeding me information? Because secret service agents I know who were proud to do what they did and did a damn good job, are horrified at the collapse of their agency and the repeated failure of managers to take the problems in the agency. Seriously, they are lost in DEI. Bullshit, manpower, bullshit. They can't get their heads out of their asses. They don't empower people. The agency has completely collapsed. Just look at the job satisfaction survey. They blame Julia Pearson and Kim Cheadle. The last two direct, oh, excuse me.


The two of the last three directors who have been absolutely horrible is Secret Service director Kim Cheadle using Signal to communicate with insider cronies to avoid information discovery. I'd like to know this. Maybe members of Congress should ask that question today. One of the people she may be communicating with, because she's very close with this person and persons, is Anthony Bernal. Well, who's Anthony Bernal? July 15th, 2024. Secret Service Director. Cheadle landed job after a push by Jill. Jill by Dr. Jill Biden's. Office sources say they noticed she was well liked Kim Cheadle by the Future First Lady and her most senior aides, including top advisor Anthony Bernal was doctor's office or her.


That's that's a good point. Justin wants to know if it's her surgical office or surgical suite. Dr. Jail. I don't know. Good question, Justin. Is that You know? She's a neuro, a prominent neurosurgeon as You know. Also, I'd like to know if she's communicating Kim Cheadle with Annie Tomasini, another representative from the Biden administration. Very close to Joe Biden. Someone should ask that question by the way. You probably should remind her. She's under oath. Just throwing that out there folks. It's really important to readdress here. Be careful where you get information going forward. Social media has become a cesspool. There are people out there planting themselves, secreting themselves into our movement. You know what, Justin, can you pull the Cernovich tucker clip?


I know we're outta order here. I'm really sorry. I want you to listen to this. Mike Cernovich, a good follow on X true social. Tucker obviously is a friend, did a great collaboration with him. Maybe you don't believe me, maybe you think I'm bullshitting you, that there are people out there on social media pretending to be conservatives. They got accounts like MAGA 1776. I'm not saying that. I don't know if that's an account or not. Don't attribute anything. you know, maga, you know I love the Constitution slash maga. They're not us. They're doing this on purpose. There is an information warfare regime going on right now. Please do not fall for it. Be very, very careful where you get information moving forward about the Democrats, the nomination process, all of this stuff, the sh the shooting, the 10th assassination.


They are trying to spin your wheels. Listen to this. Do you think there are like lots of feds running around? Actually, Oh, I, I think there are all kinds of feds embedded within the right wing movement, right wing movement and the conservative movement. You Think that's real? Oh yeah. To discredit people. That was the CIA. They, there was a book co Intel Pro. You can read the ccia, a manual on how you disrupt movements, which I read. And what they would do, the CIA would do at the time they're doing it to the Black Panthers, but now they're doing it to anybody who's deemed Christian or goes to a Catholic church is they have various tactics and one tactic they do is they call it stone. What do you call it when you keep talking filibustering?


So you'll, you have a group and you'll have two different agents put in. One is gonna try to fed trap you like they did in Michigan. Oh, we need to do more than just talk. We've talked for too long. It's time to take action. And then that only works on the really desperate people who don't have anything going on, which happened post nine 11 to Muslim kids. If we're being fully honest here, this isn't a new thing happening to us and woe is us. It was happening to Muslims and a lot of conservatives didn't really care. Oh, that's true. The FBI stopped another terrorist attack. No, they didn't. They found some poor Muslim kid who was lonely, maybe mildly autistic And. they planned a whole thing for him. Or he Had non-mainstream opinions. Yeah, but wasn't hurting.


And by the way, you're allowed to have non-mainstream opinions. In fact, that's the whole point of this country is allowing you to have non-mainstream opinions. Right? So now it's our turn in the barrel. So on the one hand, they'll try to do that with low hanging fruit. On the other hand, they'll have people who filibuster and make it so that nothing can really get done. You see the point? You see? Did you get the second part? We know about the fed traps already. We know about that. The, the, the Fed napping. We know about all that. The second part, he nailed it. There are people out there who are provocateurs on social media who want you to filibuster endlessly about things they can't prove there's a second shooter.


They have no evidence. This second shooter was a local CS guy, just told you that there's ballistic evidence at the scene. They want you to go on and on knowing there will never ever be any proof. So that no one asked the real question, why was there no drone? Who was this kid working with? Why does he have no social media presence? They don't want you asking any of those questions. They want you lost out this road. And, they know people will click bait it. So they're, that is provocateurs assisting in the information war. Gar warfare game. I'm, I'm telling you for a fact this, we have been to home for breaking news in everything we've told. You've come out as, come out. Josh Hawley, senator from Missouri whistleblowers.


Tell me most of Trump's security detail worked in the event last Saturday. Were not even secret service. Totally. 100% correct. There were three secret service post standards. Now keep in mind that does not include special operations, the CAT team, the counter assault team, the CS team and the working shift around him. The post standards, you need to be familiar with the terminology. There is a shift. The shift travels with the president of the Protectee everywhere. I'm not gonna say how many guys, that's what we would call like the bubble around him. Wherever he goes, they go. He gets on the helicopter, some of them get on the helicopter, he lands, they land with 'em and get off the plane. The post standers are at a site in advance of the president.


President Trump arriving And. they are standing post. It's very simple. The post standers are probably the largest security contingent. There were only three secret service posts standards. The rest upwards of 20 were from HSI, Homeland Security Investigations. I'm sure they're good folks. They have very special set of skills. They do not go through specific secret service training. It's not a knock, it's just a fact. I told you that a week ago on the Monday or Tuesday show, this is a travesty. The most threatened man on earth had a cadre of three secret service posts standers while Dr. Jill up at an event in what the, in Pennsylvania had upwards of what?


10 to 12. How do you explain that? And by the way, in case you think the Secret Service has gotten there, the management at least took its head out of its ass. Here's what they're appalled about. Not that President Trump's head almost exploded like a watermelon on TV from a 2, 2, 3 round. They're appalled by DEI rhetoric against female agents after Trump rally shooting folks, this is not against female agents, it's against female agents who were physically unprepared to protect the president. Folks, Donald Trump is over six feet tall. How the hell are you going to be a human shield at five foot two? Can you explain that? Five foot, two, six feet tall, five foot two, six feet tall.


And let me ask you a pretty simple question. By the way, all this, all this stuff is in this book. Again, get it from the library. Steal it from your friend. I don't steal from your friend. Alright, borrowing. I don't give a shit. I don't want anybody's money. Look at all the cha, the chapters of this book, the Special Agent Mass, the evolving threats from the Big six, the threat of a tactical assault on the President, the threat of a medical emergency. Oh, look at this. Chapter seven. Chapter seven, in protecting the President. Holy shit You. know what it says. Justin, page 75, the growing threat to the President from the skies. Crazy. Maybe if they would've listened to me and cut the bullshit and stop the DEI, crap, maybe wouldn't have this problem.


Explain to me also, which I also go into in this treatise on how to fix this mess. Why are there two sets of physical fitness standards for men and for women? President Trump is the same height and weight. He is a big guy. He's six foot plus. He's a stocky guy. He is not, he doesn't get lighter when female agents show up. So why are there different PT standards? Please explain that to me without sounding like a total asshole. Oh look, December of 2013, a Washingtonian article. What it's like protecting the president, former Secret service agent. Dan Bonino tells us, tell not like we've been talking about this for table care.


Sorry people. Nobody wants to listen to us. All the media wants to do is bullshit people all the time. Folks, here's a Fox report. There is one thing about this. This is interesting here. The difficulty of the CS shot. The, when I say Cs, I'm talking about counters Sniper, a secret service Counter sniper team took out the shooter. Now he shouldn't know how to take out the shooter at all. Period. Okay? He should. That guy should not have been on the roof. However, I want you to understand that this was a really difficult shot and that matters. That matters because if this guy missed the local CS guy, they did not hit him. They engaged. The Secret Service guy, took him out with one shot.


If they missed, it's likely President Trump would be dead right now because the shooter had more rounds left and likely would've taken out those Secret Service agents around him and Donald Trump, who was taller than most of the agents who were trying to get him off the stage. This CS guy sadly had a saved the day. Again, they shouldn't have been up on the roof in the first place. I'm not absolving anyone of any responsibility, but this report I I, again, I told you this last week before this aired, the shot was extremely difficult and thank God it mitigated that threat. Here's a Fox reporter now with an animation.


Check this out. Hi Ari. Good afternoon. A source familiar with the investigation tells me that, look, it took a single shot to kill the Woodby assassin Thomas Crooks, and that shot came from a secret service counter sniper that the source says it was. He described the shot as a one in a million type of shot. This, the counters sniper could only see the top of the scope, his eye and forehead because the lip of the A GR building that crooks was on was obscuring that view. We're also told a local police sniper took a single shot as well, but missed. Remember, this building was about 150 yards away from where P the former president was standing on that stage and it had a clear line of sight to the former president.


Federal law enforcement sources tell Fox that while, while Crook snuck up on that roof, a Butler Township Emergency Services Unit sniper team was looking out of the windows of that same building watching for any suspicious activity. So how did Crooks get on that roof? Federal law enforcement sources tell Fox that it was initially thought he brought a ladder. However, no ladder was found on site and we're now told the more likely scenario is that Crooks hid his father's AR 15 near an AC unit, and then he climbed onto that AC unit to get up onto the roof of the A GR building. This as the Wall Street Journal is now reporting, the shooter was able to fly a drone above the rally site earlier that day.


The predetermined flight path, the journal reports indicates that he flew the drone more than once to scope out the site. A federal law enforcement source tells Fox the Secret Service was not flying a drone over the rally that day. Senator Josh Hawley says multiple whistleblowers with direct knowledge have come forward saying the rally was being treated as a loose security event. Three takeaways from that Fox clip. These are facts we now know. I told you, the local sniper, that's the third shooter there, you're seeing it from the Fox clip. They missed the Secret Service agent, the Secret Service Uniform Division Officer. That's the the Counter sniper unit. There were no agents in there. I want to be clear there.


Uniform division officers. It's a separate division of the Secret Service. It was a miraculous shot and thank God he hit him. Or I'm telling you, president Trump would be dead right now because the shooter would've continued to engage. Third, they bring up the fact that there was no ladder. The ladder you're seeing in the pictures was put there afterwards. Enough on that let point, the shooter did pre-op surveillance with a freaking drone and the Secret Service had no eyes in the sky. Are you shitting me? What is this romper room? What? Are you kidding me? It's this Sesame Street bullshit.


I have another question right now. Members of Congress, are you listening? Staffers, Get Ready. Take notes. Get your pens out. Where was the counter surveillance unit vulnerability assessment. It's a document. It'll be emailed, probably printed copies as well. There are units in the Secret Service Counter Surveillance units that counter surveillance. Just like you have a counter sniper unit designed to take out snipers. There are specific people out there. I'm not gonna mention numbers or anything else who are out there to detect people surveilling the site. We now know the guy was out there an hour in advance. Where's the vulnerability assessment? The C.


The CSU counter surveillance unit, vulnerability assessment should have documented that rooftop as a vulnerability point. Is anyone in Congress gonna ask for that? I want four pieces of paperwork now. I want the site post assignment log. I want the Counter Sniper survey. I want the Counter Assault team survey. The SOD survey, special Operations Division, And I. Also want the CSU vulnerability assessment. You're gonna see in every one of those documents somehow that High point was addressed but never addressed. I guarantee you people picked it out as a vulnerability, but they did nothing about it.


Nobody posted it And. they effectively left an open vehicle for President Trump to get shot. I want you to watch a minute of this animation. If you're listening on Apple or Spotify, welcome. It's always good to have you here. Please watch us on Rumble at about the 45 minute mark. This is an animation. I think it's from a ad, the typical liberal or something like, is it? Yeah, but this is a really kick-ass animation. It goes on for about three minutes, but I'm not gonna play the whole thing. I'm gonna play the core part in about a minute to show you how many things were missed and how close we came to losing President Trump on the stage. This thing went viral. Check this out. This is the area we're gonna focus in on here.


You can see the three victims that were injured by gunfire and where they were standing in the bleachers. We're going to turn around and demonstrate exactly where these bullets came from. This model represents Thomas Crooks. His position could be seen here in this image, which illustrates exactly where he was turning around. We can see the path of all the bullets that were fired from this location. I placed a 10 foot red disc down range to represent what an average shooter could hit easily. Now let's take a look at this first shot fired coming from our key location. Bullet one greets President Trump's ear. This is the same bullet that hits a spectator in the stands. We know this through video evidence.


As President Trump is talking, the first shot rings out just after he says, take a look at what happened. See something that said, take a look at what happened. We can see the vapor trail of a bullet strike, which is the same bull that struck President Trump's ear. A split second earlier, and this video is this location here back at the podium. President Trump is shot and grabbed his ear falling to the ground as more shots rang out. In total, there were seven or eight shots. So let's rewind and watch this at regular speed. Take a look at what happened.


Whatcha doing, whatcha doing? And animation is horrifying. Folks, the secret service director must resign today, the Secret Service Director. I want you to listen to me please to all the people that clip my videos and send them around X. I appreciate everything you do for our content. You know who you are. Thank you very much. The Secret Service director is going to get someone else hurt. She's clearly incompetent. She does not have the skillset to lead a complicated agency. Protection is getting very difficult in the area of drone technology, protective methodology. It is getting very difficult.


If they had a manpower problem, they should have spoken out in advance. This is really, really bad. I am deathly afraid that Donald Trump or any other Protectee, Joe Biden or anyone else, we don't let our people get killed here. This isn't the third world, okay? Someone is going to get hurt. I don't know any other way to say this. This woman is absolutely incompetent. She has no skillset to run this agency whatsoever. I'm not even convinced from now to the election that this is the last incident we're gonna see. Let's hope and pray. It's not, but Ladies and gentlemen, we are in real trouble.


All right, let's move on a little bit folks. I wanna get back to the RNC. The RNC was a huge success. We do have an election around the corner. Do not take this election for granted. If you think Kamala Harris or whoever she's gonna pick or whoever beats her, what I think Mark Kelly is probably the front runner right now for the VP nomination. We'll see. It may be Gretchen Whitmer. I wouldn't even be surprised to see Hillary Clinton, as I mentioned repeatedly, please do not underestimate their ability to win. The RNC was a huge success. Some people thought President Trump's speech was a little long if you were there. I I didn't think so, but You know. I You know everybody's entitled to an opinion on that.


However, at the end of the speech, on a lighter note, it's been a heavy show. They played Nessa on Emah. Forgive me if I'm saying it wrong. I'm not a big opera fan. I, to be honest with you, I don't fake the funk on anything. Okay? But you ever see the movie The Sum of all fears? Charles Payne had a representative from the Trump campaign on his show and asked about that. The sum of all fears when they start taking out all the bad guys that's playing in the background. I'm, the reason I'm playing this clip is, again, it's one of those things on a light or not, I got some inside baseball, but check this out Before I let you go, because there's a, an interesting theory out there that Trump picked the, the last song, right? And Ness Dorma to send a message to Deep state actors in part because it was at the end of the movie, some of our fear all fears.


And we know that movie was about getting rid of terrorists and deep state actors. You're part of the communications teams. Have you guys thought it through that much? I can either firm nor confirm nor deny It's classified. Listen again quick, I don't wanna waste a lot of your time, but on a lighter note, there's no connection there. President Trump loves that song. I already told you a story. If you go back and listen to my show from two years ago when me and Paula had dinner with him at Bedminster, he just loves that song. He plays it all the time. He DJs at his places. So, hey, listen, it's great that that's, it's out there. Whatever You know, he's going after the deep state and all, but he just loves the song. And. I feel obligated to kind of give you some inside baseball on.


He plays it all the time. If you know President Trump You know that every time he DJs, he plays that. Alright, I wanna get to this folks. The Biden team. The Biden team is really struggling here. The Biden team couldn't even find any volunteers. Now the question is You know what? I'm gonna skip that clip. I've thought about it, but he's out now, so I'm gonna skip that clip. Folks, one of the things I told you about is that the Biden and Obama teams hate each other. I warned you about that in the past. Okay? They really can't stand each other. Biden and Obama hate each other. I mean, viscerally hate each other as Ali. Again, a pretty connected guy with sources out there, whether you like 'em or not, he, he mentions this here, that Biden is really pissed off at Obama now.


'cause he sees Obama as the puppet master behind the scenes, and he's gonna blame Obama forever for pushing him out. They dislike each other. I say that because I think that's playing in to a potential Obama Harris endorsement as well. Obama and Harris had a really good relationship. I'm not sure it's great anymore. Harris is really known as a very difficult person to work with. She's gonna have a really tough time generating a lot of excitement moving forward. The Biden label's gonna be pinned to her and folks, listen, I'm just gonna be straight with you. The idea of running as a diehard liberal, which is what Kamala Harris is, has never been done successfully in modern American history. Oh, Obama folks. Obama ran as a centrist.


I'm not telling you, he was obviously, he's the reason I left my job and ran for office myself. I couldn't stand what he was doing. Obama ran as a marriage between a man and a woman. He ran as a pretend fake centrist. Now, we knew he was a crazy leftist, but the Democrats didn't. Mondale got crushed. They all, anyone running from the far left has gotten smoked. Kamala Harris is a hardcore leftist because Americans in general, in general can't stand the idea of at least running on a bigger government. They like a lot of Democrats like spending on a bigger government. They want government involved in their lives. I don't know if you caught this, but I did this interview. You get that Russell, the Russell Brand Sale.


I was on Russell Brand show, this one kind of nuclear, I was at the RNC And I. Just Russell had asked me a question about the role of government in our lives, and Ladies and gentlemen, this is why liberals never win national elections. People don't want, they don't, they at least don't wanna be told that they need government involved in their lives. Even some Democrats check this out. Men can be mercenary. There's an evil in the world that'll never be purged. Your only goal as a governing system in the government, you're thankfully now a part of, is to control the latent evil that exists in men. Your goal is not to make my life better. Your goal is to get the fuck out of my way and let me make my own life better.


You don't know shit about me. You don't know anything about my business. You don't know anything about my health condition, about the educational goals I have for my kid. Get out of my way. Give me police services. Give me a decent, strong military, a court system, and please God. And, I. Don't use name as vein. Get the fuck out of my way. I don't want you to do shit for me. Shut the fuck up and go there and do nothing. Am I allowed to curse in your show, Dad? I'm gonna use to say no and but we need a little more clarity on what your perspective is on this subject. You're being fact, I'm sorry. I think Nigel is a good Nigel Farage, of course, is to my left, a good English gentleman along with rest.


They were kind of surprised, but folks, it's why you have almost no chance of winning a national election as a far leftist. You have none now. I had warned you in the past, have I not? If those of you flagged it, you can unflag it now that there was going to be some form of an October surprise in the form of a new conspiracy theory. Do you remember what I said? Anyone in the chat? Remember I said the theory going out there by the left right now, and it's not really a theory. This is gonna make it up. It's gonna be Donald Trump and his team have business interests in Russia. That's why they're handing Ukraine to Russia. Oh, look, here's Fisher King, an account on Twitter. I'll read. Sam Harris just had Anne Applebaum in his podcast.


Deep State Anne Applebaum. Yes, same person. Misinformation Queen, same person. The latest Russia conspiracy theories that Elon Musk has business interest in Russia and has spoken to Putin. Elon then talked to David Sachs, who spoke with JD Vance and explains why Vance doesn't wanna spend money in Ukraine. You know it's, I don't know how you spend these theories without feeling embarrassed. They don't care about embarrassment. Did I not tell you? Now you're again a few months ahead of the news cycle. This isn't mine. It's from him, but I'm gonna put it out there. That's gonna be the theory. JD Vance is connected to this guy And I got, they have business interests over there, And. they want Russia to win. I told you, they were just gonna make this up and it's already floating out there right now.


Folks, today is, this has been the craziest eight days I have ever seen. I have not been involved in a political cycle where in just a little over a week, we nearly lose a future president, former president, the vice presidential nominee is picked. A convention happens, which changes the political calculus. A president says he's not gonna run for reelection, and they've already declared a defacto nominee on the other side all in eight days. What the hell is the encore? I don't even know. Stay on this hearing today. Do not go anywhere because tomorrow when this hearing is over, I'm gonna go through each and every bullshit theory.


Kim Cheadle is spinning up on Capitol Hill, the Secret Service director, And. I'm gonna make sure she resigns because people are in danger and she's the cause of it. Thanks again for tuning in. I'll be back here in the radio show on Rumble Rumble dot com slash bonino in a few minutes. Please give us a follow Rumble dot com slash bonino or download the free Rumble app and give us a follow on Apple and Spotify. Ladies and gentlemen, for the first time ever, we were number three on Spotify three, not in our category. Overall, thanks to you. I really appreciate that. I'll see you back here in a little bit and back here at 11:00 AM tomorrow. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.