
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Folks. Let me just throw this out there right away. Not that you would ever tune into the show for my ravishing good looks because there aren't any. I get that. I definitely have a face for audio content, but whatevs, we deal with it. I may be a little sweaty today. It's, we've been dealing with a lot. They were testing our generator. We've got this hurricane that's gonna zip across the state. We don't know if it's gonna hit us as a one or a tropical storm or just high winds. We're on the East coast, but you get the point. How it cuts across matters.


I've got You know family in my house too, so I'm, we had to get the, they turned the, the generator off. I. Don't wanna bore you with the details. So a lot of this stuff wasn't really working. The air conditioner, I, I, you all can probably deal with it. So if I look a little sweaty today, something 'cause I'm sick or under interrogation, it's just, we're dealing with a lot. I got my cousin and her family here as well. They live on the West coast. They are directly in the impact zone. So You know it's pretty sad to why they just moved down here a couple years ago. They've been smoked twice already by hurricanes, soda. All my fellow Floridians You know down. Get ready. I'm sure your preparedness is done. You can read all those lists about what to do. You certainly don't need to hear it from me, but just know that I'm, obviously, I'm thinking about you and also the people in other states as well.


Carolinas, Tennessee and Georgia who got smoked by Helene. It's, it happens folks. It's part of You know, part of living in Florida. We all wish it wasn't, but every place has their natural disasters. California has earthquakes, you've got tornadoes out in the the flatland. This is just what we deal with and let's hope we don't have to deal with what appears to be coming in in Tampa because it was really bad. A lot going on today. A lot to talk about. So let's just get right to it. As you can tell, I I got a lot to cover. We still got a presidential election going on and the story about the border and our money that has been freaking stolen to give to illegals while we're all suffering here under a $7 trillion government burden, it can't get its freaking head out of its ass to figure out what to do with our money is disgusting.


Hey, you all know I can't sleep without my Beam Dream Powder They, have an exclusive discount for my listeners up to 45% off. visit shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino and our refer sponsor today for is, we all know cancel culture can be a threat to free speech.


But you really think social media companies are innocent bystanders. Nobody should have the right to silence your voice. But the good news is you can fight back by using our trusted privacy partner Express VPN. See, the problem with the big tech companies is not only can they censor what you see, but they can track what you do online. When you use Express VPN, these tech companies can't see your IP address at all. Your identity is masked and anonymized by a secure VPN server that encrypts your data. If you care about free speech like we do, it's time to take action and defend your rights. What better way to do that than by taking away tech companies free license to monetize your valuable personal data express. VPN makes it really easy. I use it because of somebody's business, what I'm doing online, especially not the government. There's one tap of your computer or phone to turn it on and you are protected. It's time to say no to censorship and take back your privacy. Go to ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino by visiting our special link. You'll get an extra three months of ExpressVPN service for free. That's express exp RE ssv vpn.com/bonino ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino to protect your data today.


All right fellas, let's go guys. I gotta tell you, I'm a little banged up today, I, don't wanna lie to you. I'm a little banged up today. I love being here with you guys and I wouldn't trade it for the world. We obviously can take off if we want to. We don't want to. But my crew live here. I live here and You know we live with the threat of this stuff all the time. And when it's kind of beaten down your front door, it just, it's exhausting. I have my You know my nephew here and he's a little little boy. So boy Cody You know and little kid I mean I haven't had little kids in a long time. And he's driving over from the west coast with his, his mom, my cousin and and he's like, mommy, why do we have to do this again?


His tummy hurts like he's anxious. You know. So I just feel bad. It's You know we're adults, we can deal with it. But the kids, it's just a lot for them. So I have a lot to get to. I have a big show. Sorry for the extended open. I hope you guys understand. I'm just dealing with a lot and I feel like I, you're entitled to know what's going on in my life. First folks, this this metastasizing, grotesque, disgusting story that really epitomizes why government sucks. Government always sucks. Government is a metastasizing cancer in your life. There are two cancers in your life right now that will be the downfall of you and your family.


Government and the media. Cancerous, rotting, metastasizing, disgusting pustules of infected stinking rotted masses of stinking like Rick Wilson's underarms in a freaking airport after a long fly. Feted, disgusting putrid, sulfur smelling, stinking government and media garbage people. Did you see this Washington free beacon story, major scandal erupting around Biden Harris Biden who's sitting around a beach with his leg spread, sunning his balls on the beach while everybody's freaking drowning, getting smoked by hurricanes.


Kareem Jean Pierre, like a little kid. I didn't wanna answer questions. Running out Kamala Harris. I was raised in the middle class family. No shit, we've heard it a hundred times. No shit. What are you doing for people in the hurricane zones in the United States who pay taxes, who are getting freaking SM oaked now by another freaking hurricane? The answer is myorca. This corrupt piece of garbage is out there shopping for high-end men's wear. No, yes, no. Yes. Washington free Beacon. DHS secretary and I'm gonna editorial here.


Piece of human garbage Al Mykiss shops for high-end men's wear as mass powder outages continue in North Cal power outages they had. I like to Washington free beacon. You might able changed that. Pass that power outage. The whole freaking placement wiped out. What's my orca doing? Eh? My orca is like here. Oh look, there's a picture. Oh, look at him. Look at Big Al folks. Look at Al. You got your, what do you got there? What is that? You got like a Sergio Tini. Remember the Tini bag you guys from, remember? What's he, what's he shopping for? There like a little. You got some Gucci loafers. What you got going on there? You are like, Hey, I'm a size knight. What we doing?


My orca? Listen to me folks. Language alert. Okay, you got small kids, get 'em in the other room. Hey, fuck stick. Listen to me. Here's what you do. You're the DHS Secretary You. know what that stands for? Department of Homeland Security in the security part of that is not letting a big portion of the country float away. Okay? Get your stupid ass, your ass here. Take your ass. Here's your ass. Here you wanna show ass. Take your right here and put it in a seat and go to work. You lazy bum Thought security meant security balls. That's a good, that is a great point. Justin. Thought security meant securing his balls with high-End men's underwear with the little havoc pouch.


Here you go. Oh look, they're secure. Check it out. Little pouch. Well pouch. You are asked to work you lazy bum. Have we ever seen a more incompetent bureaucrat in our lives than this piece of garbage overseas? An invasion of the United States serial murderers in the United States. Sex offenders, a fentanyl crisis, a public safety crisis in liberal run cities. Now he sits there on his ass. He's shopping. He's shopping while the country's floating away.


You know. You see this pipe here? This portion of it. At least. This was my grandfather's Frank Gio. That was a real man. Fought in the battle of Bulge You. know what happened when he came back. You know what happened when he came back. Nothing. He never talked about it ever. I heard he did a real, some really heroic stuff. You know what didn't matter. How do hear from other people? Not from him. Never talked about it. And now we're left with these pieces of shit. Shopping for high-ends man justice, right? Shopping for high-end underwear, hammock pouch for his balls while the country's floating away. Oh look, Bonino, did he? Did he use promo code? Bonino I. Actually hope not. This is the first time I hope he did do this.


Alejandro Miles. Do not use my promo code. I want nothing. I don't want you getting any discounts. I want nothing to do with you at all. Never utter my last name ever. You don't deserve it. Here's the White House yesterday. Peter Ducey. Finally a guy with actual balls too. Actual balls. Unlike eunuch myos, he really doesn't have any balls. He doesn't need a hammock patch 'cause there's nothing to put in there. Anyway, right? Here's Ducey asking Kareem Jean Pierre, Hey man, listen, this is a $7 trillion government. We're shipping a bunch of money to Lebanon. Lebanon. You're like Lebanon. Lebanon, Pennsylvania. You know Lebanon. The country. Isn't that the country? Gee, you're like an international affairs guy. Isn't that the country that's been harboring Hezbollah like the Death to America terror?


It's the same. It's the same one. It's so weird. But we're giving them hundreds of millions of dollars. $385 million if they're the majority party that no way. No way. The terror party was actually voted in Lebanon. So let's send the money for like election integrity while they cheating our elections. This this fucking government is a joke. It's a joke. You wanna know why I piss on government all the time? Because it sucks outside of our military and the good intel people and law enforcement folks left and the court system, your government piss on it. It is useless. It is full of absolutely useless bureaucrats who do nothing but f you over. Here's Kareem Jean Pierre.


You pay this pathetic woman's salary. Doucey nails are to the wall on this. Hey, you fee Alejandro Mayorkas when he was shopping for shoes and sunning his balls or whatever he is doing, he's now asking FEMA for more money. You just gave three 85 million Lebanon. What the hell are you doing with all our money? Watch Kare Jumpier. Like a little pathetic child storm off stage here. Check this out. What does it say about his values? There's not enough money right now for people, his values in North Carolina who need it. That's not misinformation. Wait, No. That is your whole, your whole premise of the question is misinformation. Sir, what? You don't. Yes, yes, it's misinformation. Which part did is There one to On right now? I just mentioned, I just mentioned to you that we provided more than $200 million to folks who are impacted in the area.


And I just shared with you that people are deciding not to. People are deciding not to, not to wait To Congress, that there's not enough money to help people in North Carolina. We're talking about the SBA disaster loan. That's money for people in North Carolina and That's important. And people in North Carolina need that con wait. This is nothing new right now, Peter. This is nothing new. Congress comes together, they provide money, millions of dollars for disaster relief. We're asking them to do the job that they have been doing for some time. And I read from a Letter that President Biden, some McConnell, Schumer and Jeffries, the president's letter is not misinformation. Would you agree? No. The way you're asking me the question is misinformation. There is money that we are allocating to the impacted areas and there's money there to help people who truly need it.


There are survivors who need the funding. Who need the funding. You can't call a question That you don't like misinformation. I said that. I actually said we This woman is an embarrassment to humanity. She's not just an embarrassment to the government, an embarrassment to her community, an embarrassment to her neighbors. She's not just an embarrassment to the United States. This woman is an embarrassment to any sentient being in any known universe or unknown universe. If this is a simulation, somebody wrote into the matrix code for a moron in the White House and this woman appeared. Do you believe this idiot? We have a $7 trillion government where her boss yesterday, the A guy with oatmeal for brains.


A guy who is completely collapsing, who was sitting on a beach while the country was drowning, right? A pathetic piece of garbage who dropped out of the race because his own party knows he sucks and replaced him with someone who sucks even worse, right? This woman has the balls on the day they announced another illegal, not congressionally authorized student loan. Bailout happened yesterday. Look it up happened just yesterday. Congress did not authorize this. It is absolutely illegal and unconstitutional. They are now bailing out your neighbor's rich kid from their student loans. They're doing that with money with no congressional approval and the Supreme Court telling them not to. And yet when it comes to finding money for American tax paying citizens who work their balls off their whole lives, Kareem Jean Pire like a little child, like a pathetic little infant, walks off the stage.


I don't wanna answer your question. That's misinformation. These people are disgusting garbage people. Folks, I am pissed off today. I'm in no mood for this bullshit. These people are pathetic. The best day of your life will be when you vote if you don't vote, man, folks, I can I. I'm gonna be a dick for a minute. I'm sorry folks in the chat. I'm sorry if I'm a dick, tell me yes, you're being a dick. I. I got news for you though. I don't even really care if you're not voting. Don't listen to my show. I'm serious. Don't listen. This show's not for you. I don't want viewers that bad. And listeners, if you are not voting and you're like, oh, don't worry, it's okay. I don't like to mean tweets to get off.


My lawn is my lawn. I don't want I, just don't want you. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. And if that sounds Dicky, I'm really sorry. You, you want more of this shit? Even if you hate Trump, can it possibly get any worse than this Shit? I don't. What if I wanna vote? And you really matter of fact, if you're not voting and bringing 10 people with you, you are doing it wrong. Sorry folks. I don't care what you gotta do. If it's snowing, walk. If you broke your leg, have someone sled you there. If it's raining, put on some Dickies. I don't care what you gotta do.


If you're not voting, you're you. You did this. How much more of this incompetence are you gonna deal with? Unfortunately, this next story, this is real. You've got this woman in the White House, an absolute moron who cannot even speak English. She speaks in word salads. She calls Senator Shits. Senator Shaz. Senator Shortz. The woman can harny. She's a moron. A B, C, news. White House. press secretary. Karine Jean Pierre promoted to senior advisor.


You can't make this up. You can't make this up. The guys were so happy together they put together a little celebratory thing. So folks in honor, in honor of the great Kare Jean Pierre and her promotion to senior advisor, the fireworks, go a little fireworks extravaganza for Kare Jean Pierre. There we go. Fireworks everywhere. Congratulations. Kare Jean Pierre. Never have I seen a more apropo promotion in the white. No. I mean it. I mean it. If your administration is gonna clinging to being the absolute shittiest presidential administration of vice presidential administration in American history, there's not even a close second.


There's not even a close second anymore, right? This guy and Kamala Harris are the worst. The censorship, the fascism, the weaponization of government, the economic disaster, the inflation production bullshit. This is just an absolute disaster. Then yes, you should promote Kare Jean Pierre. She totally deserves it, man. I came out, I'm, as you can tell, I'm just I I. It's just stunning. This is our government. We we, $7 trillion a year. They steal from me money every single day they steal from me. These bums. I even saw Dave Portnoy a bar stool guy, bar stool. He's not like a big conservative. He Dave Port.


But he tweeted out yesterday. He's like, I don't pay my fair share. There's some kind of tax break for me. Can You tell me where that is? 'cause I pay like 50% of my money. You gotta, he's right. You gotta give your money. These fucking losers, these scrub losers who don't do shit. And then people are, people are freaking floating down the river. You got body bags. You got 200 close to 250 people dead, hundreds missing. And these Scumbags in the White House are shopping for shoes, sun and their fucking balls on the beach. You got this other one in Hollywood, freaking doing karaoke with whoever the fuck she was at this thing with.


Fuck these people. And I'm sorry about that. Fuck these people. You pay for these assholes to fuck you over every single day. Here we go. Here's this. Fuck wad shopping for shoes. This is your DHS secretary. He's another one. He's probably got some copper tone. His sun is balls next to fucking Joe Biden another douche bag. Yeah, I know. I'm gonna get a thousand emails. They saved the emails. I get it. I understand. I know I'm, everybody tells me. Met some really nice guy. I. Get it. I'm in a mood. I'm sorry. I. I come from Queens. Fuck these people. You ever hear Tim Dogg backing in?


Remember Tim Dogg? Fuck Man, fuck these people. I'm sorry. I'm tired of these pieces of shit. You. know what I should show you I. I don't need You. know why I don't do it? You know I don't show you. 'cause I hate that. 'cause people, it's like a humble brag. Let me show you when in tax. 'cause people wanna show you how rich they are. That's the only reason. One day I should show you. You would tell me about this. I'm giving you assholes, all this money. Do you understand what I pay in taxes? I could legit my cousin who's sitting here right now, whose house could float away in the next few. I could buy her like three new houses. Instead, I gotta give 'em to this asshole to shop for.


Coppertone his sun, his balls with his stupid ass boss. Look at his moron. Look at his fucking moron. Border invasion. Paying off all illegals with your money, shopping for shoes, shopping for fucking shoes while the half the country's freaking getting ready to deal with some kind of weather disaster. Spending your money on illegals. Hey, I need more money. You need more money. You wouldn't need more money if you didn't spend it on Lebanon. The Taliban illegals. Go fuck yourself, asshole.


I need to take a break for a second. I'm sorry. It's my hydrogen water. Listen, I know the show's not for everyone, so let me just tell you in advance if you're gonna send me an email about the language. I get it. I'm sorry, I'm, it's the show's not for everyone and the show may not be for you either. Okay? When I'm in a mood, I ain't holding back and I ain't gonna pretend this is how I talk. I come from Queens. It's not cool. Kids don't talk like this. I get it. I can't stand these assholes. And I'm sorry. That's just how I feel. I haven't even gotten to the interviews yet. Kamala Harris yesterday, just again, epitomizing, why this country is on a downhill slide and we have one chance to save it if you're not voting.


I'm gonna say this again. We got 145,000 people. If 20,000, you're not voting. I wanna see that number of Dr. It's the first time I'm gonna ask you to see the number of Dr. I don't want you. I'm sorry you're allowing this to happen. If you're not voting, it's actually a good time for a break. I'm gonna need some sleep tonight after this show. 'cause I'm gonna get a quadrillion emails.


Hey, you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Listen, I've been there. Unfortunately, I'm there a lot. You feel tired the next day. You're just not sharp. You're not focused. We can't afford that on this show. We can't. I need to sleep. That's why I use Beams Dream Powder. It's been a game changer. When you're sleeping well, you're more focused. You're ready to tackle whatever life throws your way. And today my listeners get a special discount on Beam's Dream Powder. They're science backed talk cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleep is never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of REI magnesium, l-theanine, apogen and and melatonin and help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. Wanna try Beam's? Bestselling Dream Powder Beam is now offering Bonino listeners an Exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and Use code bonino at checkout. That's shop BEA m.com/bonino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off. Thanks Beam.


Alright, back to the show. Kamala Harris did two. Well they we did, she may have done the interviews on different days, but they were launched yesterday, right? She did two interviews, one on 60 minutes, which for some bizarre reason I think 'cause they're so humiliated by the humiliating, embarrassing Leslie Stahl thing, which they tried to run interference for. They actually asked a couple of actual questions. 60 minutes is still a pathetic, disgusting left wing tabloid you should never take seriously. However, they asked a couple of questions and pitch. Tried to pin Kamala Harris down on a freaking answer. So Bill Whitaker asked Kamala Harris, Hey man, you guys scrapped all of these Donald Trump basically successful border control programs.


He had quadruple the number of illegals entered the country. Do you regret any of that? I want you to listen to how again, she bullshits Whitaker, he knows it, but he lets it go. This is why these people don't deserve a pass. They're using the C BP one app to fly people over the border. Now that's the only reason to quote numbers are down. Listen to this pathetic non-answer. Check this out. Correct. But there was and historic flood of undocumented immigrants coming across the border. The first three years of your administration, as a matter of fact, arrivals quadrupled from the last year of President Trump.


Was it a mistake to loosen the immigration policies as much as you dig? It's a longstanding problem and solutions are at hand. And from day one, literally we have been offering solutions. What I was asking was, was it a mistake to kind of allow that flood to happen in the first place? I think the policies that we have been proposing are about fixing a problem, not promoting a problem. Okay? But The numbers did quadruple. And the numbers your today, because of what we have done, we have cut the flow of illegal immigration by half.


But should you have done that? We should. You have done that Fentanyl by half. But we need Congress to be able to act to actually fix the problem. Do me a favor, pull this up. I can't do this again. Pull up I. A two 12 F, immigration Nationality Act two 12 F. Folks, I cannot believe there are still absolute morons out there. You freaking liberal idiots who are still propagating this categorically false talking point that the president vice president can do nothing about the border.


Now it is fake. It is phony. This lady, it lying to you because either you are an idiot and she knows it or you are not an idiot. And she thinks you won't fact check her. There is no other reason she's allowed to get away with this Bill. Whitaker, do your homework. The numbers at the border, although reaching catastrophic levels have only gone down because they're flying people in. Bill You know this. Why not just fact check her one time? Why not say to her, ma'am, that is inaccurate.


You are flying people in giving them defacto amnesty. And the your point about Congress is wrong. The President can do this now. Congress is free to pass new legislation as well. The President could close the border today. There it is, folks on the screen right now. You want me to read it for you? Liberal fucking morons. Whenever the President finds the entry of any aliens or class of aliens into the United States would be detrimental to the interest of the United States. He may buy proclamation liberal dumb. This means he can just proclaim, proclaimed, and for such a period as she he shall deem necessary.


In other words, for however long, suspend the entry of all aliens, all aliens already class of aliens as immigrants or non-immigrants or impose on the entry of aliens. Any restrictions? Any restrictions, any restrictions, liberal dip, any restrictions, any restrictions anymore he may deem to be appropriate. If you wonder what I'm doing, I have my Jim Mo playoffs poker chip. Someone sent me. I don't like things outta don't want moved around. I got Mary here too. Virgin Mary gotta move her back.


She got bounced around. Can't have that happen. It might cross. Put it up again. Anyone ever gonna show this to Kamala Harris and ask her to explain that? Any restrictions he may deem to any, any restrictions? Justin, what does any restrictions mean? He may deem appropriate, literally whatever it means. Literally any restrictions but confusing language, right? Michael said it right. It's very confusing language is it kind of limits his restrictions, doesn't it? Yeah. By saying he may impose any restrictions he may deem to be appropriate. Bill, did You know this? This is why I hate 60 minutes. This is why I, I'm actually stunned. They even asked the question.


Bill Whitaker could do some homework. You know what it's, they have to ask the question to make it seem like they're a serious news outlet. And then when Kamala Harris gives a bullshit answer, if that was a Trump question, by the way, bill Whitaker would've never stopped until he got an answer on it. Okay? This is what they do. They let her lie and bullshit you. Here was 60 minutes trying to run cover for Sir yesterday. Leslie Stall after their debacle. I wanna show you this segment last time, which was it Really embarrassed. 60 Minutes is a disgusting, filthy, communist outlet. They get no respect from me. You should never get any respect from you. It's nothing more than left wing tabloid trash. So of course, they gave a softball interview to Kamala Harris never followed up on a single freaking thing.


Here they are at this little disclaimer in the beginning of the show, after Leslie Stahl hilariously claimed that they didn't spy on Trump and that they had no way to verify the laptop, a Hunter Biden laptop that had already been verified by the FBI. Here they are running interference for Leslie Stahl last night's pathetic pieces of garbage Watch. this Trump Said he needed an apology for his interview in 2020. Trump claims correspondent Leslie Stahl said in that interview that Hunter Biden's controversial laptop came from Russia. She never said that. You see how they play Word games?


The media was running a story that the Hunter Biden laptop had all the signs of a Russian intelligence operation. So Leslie Stahl, if she would've done a modicum of research, would've found out that the laptop had already been authenticated because she's not a serious journalist. Here's what she told Donald Trump during that interview, pretending there was no way for her to verify it, implying that the Russian laptop story was true. You notice how they play these word games. These people are disgusting filth folks. Watch this Biggest scandals I've ever seen. And you don't cover it. Biggest you want to talk about? Well, because it can't be verified. I telling you. We wanna talk about telling insignificant things. Telling. I'm telling you, of course it can be verified.


Excuse me. We can't. They found the laptop. Leslie. Leslie can't be verified. Why Can't be verified the laptop. Why do you say that? Because even the family hasn't the family on the laptop, he's gone into hiding for five days. He's gone into hiding. He's preparing for your debate. Oh Folks, this network's disgusting. I've got more coming up from these interviews to Marsha. I want to get to, 'cause she had another awful interview too. This is, there's a reason Kamala Harris was the most unpopular vice president US history. The reason is she sucks, folks. This woman sucks. Everything she touched, she destroyed. Listen to me.


Government is a metastasizing rotting cancer in your life. If you show up to the doctor with a big lump in your neck and it turns out you're dying of stage 57 cancer. That's what government is in your life. That's government. It is a metastasizing parasite. It steals your money and it destroys lives with it. That is what government is. It pays idiots like Kamala Harris to go out there and propagate a bunch of bullshit discredited by Justin. How long did it take you to look up I a two 12 F? Seriously, two, two seconds, five seconds to type it in.


Bill Whitaker doesn't know that Kamala Harris is lying to the entire country. You liberal morons. I am so sick of you idiots. Can you guys please just like secede from the union? Just go. We'll let you go. P I'm not interested in any kind of political violence whatsoever. I'm repulsed by the idea. We'll give you California, we'll tell you what conservative states. We'll do some kind of like subsidy to help the conservative folks pull them out. We'll, You know, help 'em with their businesses. Relocate. There's a lot of smart conservatives in California. Just go, just get the fuck out of our lives. You people are so fucking stupid. I can't take it anymore. No one wants to live near you. Even liberals don't wanna live near liberals.


That's why everybody moves outta liberal states. Nobody can stand you morons it. It takes nothing more than five to 10 seconds of research to realize every single thing they're telling you is bullshit. Everything folks, everything


as you can tell, had some blackout coffee this morning, folks. Quite a few. It's time to be awake, not woke. I'm, I'm gonna read my old spot here. Here's the website first because you need to go get some. I love this company. John, the owner of the company. Loves this country, loves the Second Amendment, loves everything we stand for. He loves our vets. He loves our people who serve in the military. He's a good guy. The website's blackout coffee.com/bonino. It's fresh chips within 48 hours of roasting. And the coffee just tastes good. Listen, it's one thing to go, Hey listen. Oh, buy my coffee. 'cause I love America. Great. We love America too. But is the coffee good part of You know loving your country and producing a business, producing a good product. The product's amazing. They have the cinnamon french toast flavor, which is incredible. Dark chocolate blueberry crumble. They have the ready to drink. Where's my, can they have a ready to drink? Skip the brew. Pick some of this up. I keep it in the fridge. I can't get enough of it. Justin's obsessed with it. John, send Justin A. Case. Please. Please give Justin A. Case. He's going back to college. He's gotta study and stuff. Johnny. Send him a case that are ready to drink. It's the right thing to do. Blackout coffee.com/bungee. You know he's struggling a little bit. Kids in college You know, so he's working his ass off. Switch to blackout coffee. Go to blackout coffee.com/bonino. Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. Seriously, folks, the coffee's amazing. It's a great company. I love it. It's the official coffee of the bonino army blackout coffee.com/bonino code bonino for 20% off your first order. Thanks blackout. We appreciate it.


Also, our last sponsor day folks, tax Network, USA student loan forgiveness, handouts, free everything folks. Everyone's getting a freebie except you. You've been an honest tax paying citizen for like forever. But when CVID and Tough Times happened, you fell behind with unfiled tax returns. And instead of forgiveness, the IRS is hiring thousands of new agents to come after you. But don't go, don't go fight the IRS by yourself. You need Tax Network USA. The aggressive strategies are designed to help solve your IRS problems quickly and in your favor. They have preferred direct lines to the IRS. They know which agents to work with and which agents to avoid. Tax Network. USA specializes in helping to reduce or help eliminate your tax debt. They've helped resolve over 1 billion in tax debts for their clients. Some of these tax solutions expire. You don't wanna wait on this. Tax. Network USA is owned by fellow Patriots and they're giving you a free consultation. Here's the number 1 809 5 8 1000. That's 1 809 5 8 1000. Or visit tusa.com/dan tn usa.com/dan. Thanks. Tech Text Network. We appreciate.


So Kamala Harris, again, while people are drowning and Joe Biden is, is sunning his tiny testicles on the beach of Delaware hoping nobody notices. He has nothing on the schedule. While people are drowning, recovering dead bodies and trees, discovering their entire towns have been wiped out. Highways have been wiped out. And you've got Hurricane Milton getting ready to destroy the Gulf Coast of Florida. And yes, folks, we're live. We're live. It is 1135 and 37 seconds Eastern time. I promise you sometimes we do live premieres. Not today. Today the show is live. The overwhelming I. Don't want you to think like I'm faking the funk today. We're in a hurricane zone on the other side too. We're here because this show matters.


I'm not gonna ask you to show up if I'm not gonna show up, but what's Kamala Harris doing? She's on a podcast called Call Her Daddy Call Her Daddy. And yes, the title is what you Think it is. You may, there's probably no kids around after that opening today, but you get the point. Now, I do not begrudge people for success in their podcast. I do not know Alex Cooper who hosts the show. She, however, is very successful. I don't watch the show folks at all. I candidly have no idea what it's about. I know who she is because I follow the podcast space. But fine, you have a product and it's successful. Great, good for you.


Should the vice president of the United States currently running for president 20 plus days out from election while bodies are still being pulled out of trees in North Carolina and elsewhere and there's a hurricane being, should she be on a podcast that focuses on sex and threesomes and stuff like that? Ah, I'm just not sure That's a good idea. Call me crazy. I'm not necessarily old fashioned, I'm just saying good idea. It's good optics. Justin's great optics. Maybe go on the Weather Channel or something. Fox weather. Do an interview about what you guys are doing. Give maybe some disaster preparing. It's just an idea, folks.


Here's Kamala Harris and Alex Cooper. Alex Cooper. Unfortunately, again, I don't begrudge this when she's not a political commentator and I'm not, I'm not gonna pick fights with people who really don't know anything. Anyway. However, Alex Cooper asks one of the dumbest questions I've ever heard in my life, because she just doesn't know a lot about a lot. She asked Kamala Harris. They're talking about abortion and she doesn't even ask. She just kind of implies that there are no laws out there that govern what men can do with their bodies. Really? You sure? I want you to think about that for a second. It'll take you about five seconds to figure it out. Kamala Harris can't. And either can Alex Cooper here, listen to this And I wanna pose this question more to you and the daddy gang, but one of the biggest conversations in this year's election revolves around a woman's body.


Yep. I wanna take a moment and can we try to think of any law that gives the government the power to make a decision? I know what you're gonna ask About a man body. Let's just, no, no. These are any law. No, no, it's no. Look, we are a work in progress. No, you're not a work in progress. You're a tier one level. Freaking I bacillus what you are. Yes, we do have a law that governs what men can do with their bodies.


You know what that law says. You guys have any idea? It says when you reach a certain age, you have to take your body and you have to go and sign up for this thing called the Draft Selective Service, where you will take your body and you will actually go and fight when the United States government tells you to go and fight. You know I know that I know that because my grandfather fought in the Battle of the Bulge and came back over it. And my uncle Gregory Ambrose, who is a hero of mine, I never met him. You, know why I never met him? Because he's dead. Because he was told to take his body overseas to a place called Vietnam. I'm not sure Alex and Kamala actually heard of the place.


He went over there and he was given the bronze star with a V device for valor, for being shot in the back while trying to save his friends south of Thud Duck because they told him to take his body and go over there. Kamala Harris is running to be the commander in chief and is either one of two things and absolute freaking tier one iil, which is probably likely or second an abject pathetic, grotesque liar. Which is also possible. Yeah, I think I give her both? Yeah, give her both. Why did the fan go off, by the way? Oh yeah. I gotta get that sucker back on. It's like, am I folks? I look a little gooey now, like sweaty here.


It's, it is warm. I know you guys gotta be dying over there, but it's, listen, this is nothing compared to warm like boohoo. You got people who've lost their whole freaking, not to you. To me. I'm the one complaining about it. But this is nothing. This woman, what you don't know about drug laws? You know there are drug laws too. You may not agree with them, but Kamala Harris is pretending that men can do whatever with it. Really, men can do whatever. Can I sit here on the thing and start snorting lines of cocaine? The cops be at my door in a minute. I don't do drugs. Drugs are bad friends. Don't let friends do drugs. Remember the egg and the pant thing? They're probably too young. But it just goes to show you, again, the woman's either a freaking imbecile or she's just a really untalented, sociopathic liar like her boss.


Oatmeal brains. How about The law where they could kill you if you're in the womb? That that You know what? That's actually true too. I mean what if you're a man in the womb and there's a law that says that, that they can kill you in Awo. That's actually another, the abortion law. She doesn't even realize that I did this for you. I did you a little favor. I pulled this off Twitter the other day. You know who super cut this was by the way, here's a super cut of really stupid Kamala Harris answers. 'cause you may be thinking, yes, she's, she's obviously a sociopathic liar. But I, I'm serious when I tell you this, the answer about a law of her men's bodies, I really just think the woman's at Buil Watch this quick one minute cut of stupid Kamala Harris moments and you'll see what I mean.


The woman folks is really, really dumb. She's probably dumber than Joe Biden. Check this out. There Are reports that say that you have the lowest approval rating of any vice president. Well, there are polls that also say, I have great approval ratings. Swing voters don't like Harris. How big a drag is? Kamala Harris on the ticket? She's a Pretty big drag. I think she was arguably biden's worst political decision. They don't Like her. There's lots of reasons they don't like her. Kamala Harris's approval rating is now at 28%, which is an historic low for any modern vice president. We're hearing get from main mainstream media, a one outlet after another, one league after another. The the Kamala Harris is the worst vice president ever.


The worst politician ever. We don't see the vice president. What, what people are saying to me, and I'm sure they're saying it to you, where's the vice president? Some might ask officials feeling that, that she came off looking unprepared for inevitable questions about when she might visit the southern border. We've Been to the border. You haven't been to the border. I and I haven't been to Europe and I mean I don't, I don't understand the point that you're making. The Point that Lester Holt was making was, was obvious to anyone else who was watching this interview, which is that the issues at the border are inextricably linked with the portfolio that she's been given. Folks, the woman is an idiot.


Every single thing she touches, she destroys. Now We need to chill a minute. Okay, well you don't need to chime. One of the things about this show is yes, I'm clearly a little angry today. I am living in Florida a state where people's lives are about to be completely destroyed in 24 hours. We've got one asshole out there buying hammock pouch underwear for his balls in my orcas. We got another one. Testicular tanning on the beach and Biden, we've got another one doing freaking his picture.


I can't get enough. If you're listening on Apple or Spotify, you gotta go watch Rumble. The picture is just so embarrassing, right? You've got another one cackling on a, on a threesome podcast to, and then out there doing karaoke at a Hollywood fundraiser while people are drowning. But I don't wanna let my emotion get in the way of facts. 'cause if you don't come away learning something, this is a waste of time. So the takeaway from the beginning, which now, now 160,500 people, Kamala Harris, Joe Biden, Joe Biden Harris administration has the authority to shut down the border right now.


Immigration nationality act, section two 12 F. Write it down, look it up, tattoo it on your arm. I don't want to hear shit from your, you should never lose an argument with your liberal friends. Pull it right up on your phone and go, please read this. Any restrictions, any class of aliens, any time for anything. Please read this again. Please read it. Just shut up and read it again. Okay, here's another one. Here's another one. You're gonna come away and I don't have wanna hear this argument again. If I hear one more. Left wing lunatic, lazy. You have my thing Is it time fellas here This, this was my liberal guide to loan repayment, but it also is a liberal guide to economics.


I call it bond genomics. Okay, here it's called. Don't be a fucking bum. Go to work, you loser. Go to work. Here it is Kamala Harris and all the other lazy, lazy slobs out there. Get here That says rump. Rump. That means your ass. Take your ass. You see it. I even point to it. For those of you who don't know, it's in the nether region right here. Okay? I'm not a very talented artist. Take your ass. Here's the arrow. It points to this thing. It looks like a building. That's called a fucking job.


Go get a job. You lazy bums and you will get money. You'll go and get money. That's how you wanna talk about income distribution. There is an income distribution center. It's called a job. So here's Bon Genomics. Don't be a bum. Don't be a bum. Read it fast. Don't be a bum. Read it slow. Don't be a bum. You can even read it backwards. Bum. Be don't. Don't be a bum. Don't be a bum. No, be a bum. Don't be a bum.


Rump job money. Rick, can you say it again? Did you miss it? Don't be a bum. Don't be a bum like this guy. Don't be a bu like me. Don't be a fucking bum. Go to work. Get a job. Don't be this guy. Be a bum. Don't be a bum. Eight. Eight, Don't be a bum. Get a job. You losers. Why am I bringing this up?


Why am I in a mood today? 'cause here she was again, back to 60 minutes. She's asked a pretty simple question. Hey, how the hell are you gonna pay for all of this bullshit? You keep saying you are gonna do any idea, any idea. You are already stealing everyone's money. Here she goes with the bullshit. Left wing talking point. Check this out. My plan is about saying that when you invest in small businesses, you invest in the middle class and you strengthen America's economy. Small businesses are part of the backbone of America's economy.


But, but Pardon me, mad vice president. The, the question was how are you going to pay for it? Well, one of the things I'm gonna make sure that the richest among us who can afford it pay their fair share in taxes. It is not right that teachers and nurses and firefighters are paying a higher tax rate than billionaires and the biggest corporations. But, but, and I plan on making that fair, But we're dealing with the real world Here. But the real world includes How are you gonna get this through Congress? You know when you talk quietly with a lot of folks in Congress, they know exactly what I'm talking about. 'cause their constituents know exactly what I'm talking about.


Their constituents are those firefighters and teachers and nurses. Again with liberals, why are you so freaking stupid? You understand? You can look this up, right? Just like you can look up immigration, nationality act section two 12 F you understand this right? Why are you so freaking stupid? Folks? You are dealing with morons in the Democrat party. I'm not telling you Republicans are the solution to all your problems. They screw up a whole bunch of shit themselves. I'm just telling you, the cause of all your problems is unquestionably the Democrats. And the reason they never give you an honest answer on anything is 'cause if they were to tell you what the problem is, they would have to say what the problem is us.


Now, because I'm absolutely committed to this show being informative, I am now going to give you IRS data from the Biden administration to prove to you for the umpteenth time that this idiot is either a moron and doesn't know who pays the taxes in this country or a sociopathic liar. Here we go. I've only put this article up about 10 times. The U us Already Soaks, the Rich Wall Street Journal. Biden should examine the IRS data recently released figures for 2021 Show that the top 1% of Americans reported 26% of the country's adjusted growth gross income.


Okay, let's keep this up a second. So liberals who are two freaking dumb to understand this. I know some of you don't like economics, but I'm sorry, pay close attention. This is important. The top 1% of earners in this country earn 26% of the income. They pay 45.8% of total income taxes nearly twice in what they earned. 45. Nearly 46 cents of every dollar of income taxes is paid by the top 1% of earners. Folks, those people don't owe Kamala Harris shit. They are already financing nearly half of the government.


The bottom 99% doesn't mean bottom. Like the means less than a 1% only pay about 54% of the taxes. 99 out of a hundred people only pay about half. If you are gonna make the argument like Kamala Harris about a fair share, then just be honest. Okay? Dan, you missed something though. Well, what about our talking point that the rich people pay a lower tax rate than firefighters and teachers, folks can, can you guys look this up? What's the average teacher firefighters salary? Is that possible? Well, look it up. Would you, can we agree?


If you're a teacher, if I, my, my, my cousin's a teacher. She's here staying with us now. 'cause of the hurricane, what's the average teacher salary across the country, folks? I, what is it? 60 56. 67. 67. So I was close. 67,000 firefighters. Dangerous job. What is it? 70, maybe 67 with inflation. Who knows? Okay. I started with the Secret Service. I was making $27,000 a year with the N-Y-P-D-M made 23,000. Okay, so we can agree those are pretty middle class, correct? Right. So what are the top 1%? What are they paying right now? What is their tax rate? He says, finally we come to the top 1%. There are a million and a half returns, and that's in excess of 682,500 a year.


It's a lot of money, right? Their share of income taxes paid again was 45%. Their average tax rate was 25.9. So 26%, that's the 1%. The tippy top 0.1% had a rate of 25.7. So again, roughly 26% round down, just to be nice. Their tax rate federally is 25%. Kamala Harris is saying that's less. So you're telling me firefighters and teachers pay more than 25%. I don't know. Let's Check it out. So here we get to middle class, the middle class, the upper middle class, their average tax rate, 7.2%. I'm sorry, the middle class.


The upper middle class, 10.3. So what you're telling me is the top 1% pay double and triple what the middle class pays and they pay the burden of the taxes in the current. Yes. That's what I'm telling you. So why is Kamala Harris lying? Because she's a loser, folks. She's a loser. That's why Kamala Harris is a loser. A loser who is a, who's never had a job. She is lazy. She is stupid. She has never had a freaking job. She is a loser. So she doesn't care that people who earn a half a million, 600,000 who may have been poor their whole lives and finally got a nice job in the tech space, she doesn't give a shit.


She's a loser. So she lies. You want people who make five and h 600,000 to pay more. Then You know what, thank them for paying what they pay and say, we're gonna ask you for more. I'm gonna tell you, no, I don't vote for that. But at least you be honest. Instead, the woman lies because that's exactly who she is, folks. That's exactly who she is. And we got another storm barreling down in the Gulf. This is gonna be, I'm again a Trump interview tomorrow. I know you all know I saw Anita put it up. It's canceled. We'll do a regular show. We will be here. I may have to tape early the Thursday show.


I know you guys understand. We will do shows this week. I will get them in no matter what. I need to be here with you. I need to be here for, for folks. I'm having a bit of a rough time. I'm sorry because I'm really upset folks. I'm, I'm unusually upset today. I I want you to Watch this and we'll go out with this today. You wondering why the hurricane response by FEMA has been so freaking pathetic? You wondering why my orca is going out to buy high-end underwear while people are dying?


You wonder why Kamala Harris is on a threesomes podcast while picture, I can't get it while people are dying. You wanna see why FEMA can't get anything, right? Did you see this video on viral yesterday on the internet of a FEMA emergency preparedness meeting? This is real. This is not Saturday Night Live. This is FEMA talking about L-G-B-T-Q awareness and stuff and how it affects their like emergency planning. That this is almost hard to believe that this is not parody, but real life. Check this out Sparked a few things in, in my mind, thinking about preparedness and how you said You know, L-G-B-T-Q-I-A people and people who have been disadvantaged already are struggling.


They already have their own things to deal with. So you add a disaster on top of that. It's, it's just compounding on itself. And I think that is maybe the why of why we're having these discussions because it, it isn't being talked about. It isn't being socialized. We're not paying attention to this community. I don't even, I don't even know what to say. I'm just gonna leave that there folks. Lemme just say too, I, I, I I note of self-reflection, man, I I shouldn't be punching Frank eses sign since I don't want anyone to take that the wrong way.


It's not responsible on my part. Seriously. I I joke around a lot, but that's not funny. I don't want anyone to think like You know F's an idiot and all, but that's not really funny. Just in a really shitty mood. It's hard for me man. It's just, it's like You know. I'm trying to just do a show and produce good content for you guys while in the back of my head. I'm candidly, folks, I'm just enraged. I really am and it's really hard for me to focus and I'm sorry I the person I know you're gonna send me emails. I get it. Listen to me. I ran into a guy at an amusement park this weekend who was a super nice guy. He listens to the show from Australia and I told him, I get your perspective. I told he's, he's like, I just don't like the language.


I can't listen. I understand that. I'm just telling you it is hard for me. I'm like the poor man's incredible Hulk with no strength and no superpowers. It's hard for me to control it anymore. FEMA talking about L-G-B-T-Q. How we get this is just, this is just where we are. How we got Hillary Clinton talking about censoring people. I mean we, Kamala Harris telling us we don't pay enough money to her. She can go piss away our money on ma orcas underwear shopping trips is, it's just, I think you get the point. So again, I know you say I don't have to apologize, but I do. 'cause a lot of our audience doesn't like the language and I don't want anyone to misinterpret my rage.


It's not responsible. Alright folks, thanks again for tuning in. As always, download the Rumble app, please give us your support. We really appreciate. If you wanna watch every day at 11:00 AM Rumble dot com slash bonino, we'll be back tomorrow. We're gonna get a showing. All right, I promise you we'll be here. I just can't tell you Thursday and Friday yet, what's going on. So hang with us. All right, see you. Tomorrow. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.