
In these crazy times, there's peace of mind and security. But think about this, you're not financially secure. If all your eggs are in one basket, gold and silver can be an excellent way to diversify your savings. Through my friends at Birch Gold Group, you can own physical gold and silver in a tax sheltered retirement account. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and receive a free no obligation information kit. This is the one thing you can do to help secure your family savings. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Message and data rate supply.


Dan Bonino. Welcome to the Bongino Brief. I'm Dan Bonino. Yesterday we blew up the interweb. Yesterday when I exposed to you that a bunch of people, not just one, but associated with lobbyists and trying to get more Ukraine money, are very upset about the selection of JD Vance. I'm trying desperately to avoid distractions from now until the election. The problem is the distractions are becoming a distraction. you get what I mean. So we have 80 days left, so I'm taking it on my own because we have the most powerful army in conservative politics. We just do. We're gonna shut this shit down and if it doesn't get shut down, we're just gonna continue to expose it every day until it stops.


Because in a war of attrition, we win, you lose because we just have a bigger audience. So If, you wanna continue to play around and screw around and try to sabotage the Trump van ticket. I'm gonna make sure I expose exactly who you are and who you're working for. So yesterday I said to you that good quality sources of mine are very upset that Kellyann Conway and people in that orbit are apparently doing what they can to sabotage JD Vance out there on the circuit and leaking stories. And these sources are really good. And I'm not giving my sources up. Forget it. Many people thanked me yesterday for exposing Kellyann Conway and these efforts and others. He's not the only one, by the way.


So some jerk wad named Kurt Borello, whatever the hell his name is, I've never heard of this guy. don don't think his parents have either. Kurt Borello, he, I guess he's pretending to be a Republican, says, you know, I'm no defender of Kellyann, but this is an open threat that could only lead to violence. Holy shit. Listen, fuck what? Let me tell you something right away, nobody. And I mean no one, and I mean no one, and thank you to all the people who defended me on Twitter. No one has spoken out against political violence and actually worked against it as a Secret Service agent for Democrats and Republicans more than me while you were sitting there with your finger up your ass. Okay? So you can shut the fuck up, okay? You can go sit down in a corner with your dopey Duns cap on and shut up with your stupid left wing talking points.


Nobody has spoken out more passionately against and actually worked against it repeatedly against political violence than me. you know exactly what I was saying. And you put this out there. I don't know who put it up to you, who put you up to it, to shut me up Inspiring violence by telling her it's, it is a warning and it was a warning against this. So now you wanna f around Kurt Bordello or whatever the hell your name is. You dip shit now we're gonna talk about it twice because you tried your little left wing tactics to shut me down. Lead to violence. Are you insane? Are you on drugs? Are you always just fucking stupid? Or is it just like a Thursday Wednesday thing?


I'm warning these people out there. Now, If, you are going to sabotage the ticket. I am going to expose who you are and If you say, oh my gosh, that's gonna lead the, you are just doing the left wing tactic and now we're gonna expose what I'm talking about because of you so Kellyann and others, you can thank Kurt for opening his stupid mouth and saying something so freaking dumb. Anyone out there wanna go out and compile the thousand plus times? I've told people you engage in any political violence, you're not welcome on my show. This is what Left Wingers do. This is exactly what they do to shut you down. It is a warning. It was a warning against this Kellyann Conway Politico becomes the latest DC power player linked to Victor, pin shook folks.


you know who Victor Pin shook is? So let's go over this slowly and show you exactly what, because folks, you know, listen, I'm not, I promise you, okay, I, this always makes me a little uneasy. I'm not trying to sell you any of these books. I don't care. Get 'em from the library. Borrow 'em from your friends. I genuinely don't care. I'm one of the few guys who's asking you intentionally don't buy my books, don Don't care. I'm just trying to tell you, I have been on this for a long time. This is why Kellyann Conway worries me. I'm gonna show you what I mean in a second. In my book, Kellyann Conway is working for Victor Pinchuk here. It isn't Politico right here, bullshit ago, but they're not wrong. She's got a contract with the Pinchuk Foundation, which runs through November 14th.


Election season comes with a $50,000 a month retainer fee. Kelly Ann Conway will advise Victor Pintrich on the current state of views on Ukraine. Mm oh look, they note that JD Vance's name in there too. Kelly Ann Conway was no fan of JD Vance. Now you see where all this negative stuff is coming from. Do I have to put this together for everyone out there, including Kurt Bordello of, of whatever they, this freaking moron. What is he? He has some kind of swampy DBA Politico also notes that Victor Pinchuk has long been making cameos in US politics. Holy shit. He donated millions to the Clinton Foundation.


Now he's got Kellyann Conway under contract. Oh my God, thank you Kurt Portello, thank you for toying with us yesterday with your dumb ass left wing talking play. Here is I viol though You're inspiring. Stupidity Dip shit. Pinch shook. So Pinch hook's paying Kellyann Conway. He's supposed to be on our team and he's also donated millions upon millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation. Matter of fact, the Clintons were so eager to hide their relationship with Pin Shook, which I've been exposing for years. By the way, this is why this topic is like front of mind right here, that when there was a bunch of emails exposing a dinner pin Shook had with the Clintons, the Clintons did everything they could to make it go away.


Matter of fact, the Washington Examiner did some good work on this, right around the time I was put that headline up, If, you would emails show Clinton denied and then met with a Ukrainian donor. Crazy. Who was that? Victor Pin Shook. Who gave up to 25 Milli to the Clinton Foundation? Darn. That's so weird. They were trying to hide their email. It's always like the same guys. It's the same guys. It's almost like I told you in my book to remember the names and follow the money. Max gonna Have Hunter Biden and George, This guy, but Hunter Biden and George Soros. Funny you say that. Gee. 'cause I wrote a book called Spygate and look, Victor Pinchuk has his own chapter.


You can actually look, here's page 18. They note that sir, Hey Lashenko, one of the guys, by the way, who started the whole pp tape hoax Russia collusion things, you know that he's Ukrainians, you know that his name's Lashenko. Lashenko has a history of Victor Pinchuk. Wow. Turns out that they, he got some money when his tax returns were leaked and the money, however, didn't come from Pinchuk. The Pinchuk Foundation received the money from George Soros International Renaissance Foundation. Oh my, what the hell? How is that Soros pin shook Lashenko, Russia collusion, peepee hoax.


So you're telling me the guy that started the whole Russia collusion thing, this guy Lashenko, you're telling me he has ties to this guy Pinch Shook and Soros, who's now paying Kelly and coming. Kurt Kelly should really thank you, really? 'cause you know what? I was gonna let that go. I was gonna let, but now we're not. Now we're not. More in a minute.


But first, hey, before Birch, I didn't really endorse any gold companies. I didn't think there was a need to own gold. So I wouldn't recommend it to my listeners. It's just the facts. But now with only insanity going on, folks, I'm glad I did. I did really well on my birch gold purchases. you know, the endless printing of money, skyrocketing national debt, global chaos, and yes, in election in November with big ramifications. So I buy gold and I've been buying gold from birch gold for some time now. It gives me the peace of mind knowing if the bottom falls out of our economy, have something of value to anchor me and my family. If, you want that same peace of mind. You can protect your savings by diversifying into physical gold. The coins are the bars from Birch Gold, B-I-R-C-H, and they'll ship it fully insured directly to your home. You already have home and auto insurance. Consider adding financial insurance with an investment in gold. To get started, just text Dan to 9 8 9 8 to get a free info kit on how it works. Moving some of your savings to gold is one thing you can do to help provide real financial security for your family in case you ever need it. Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rate supply.


So weird too. I got a whole chapter in a book called Follow the Money. You can borrow it from the library. Don't buy it, don. Don't want your money. Borrow in. Follow the money. The first chapter's called Insane in Ukraine, where you can go over the entire Ukrainian connection. How they've been buying off us lawmakers for years does not mean they deserve to be invaded. Does not mean Russia's the good guy. Does not mean we don't have an interest. It doesn't mean any of that. It just means JD Vance. Why I support him, by the way, is well aware that we have a very checkered history with Ukrainians interfering in our politics.


The Ukrainians started the collusion hoax folks, Leschenko who was, knows Pinchuk and was getting money from the Soros Foundation. It's in the book. Just read page 18 of Spygate. It's all footnoted folks. It's all footnoted. There's 30 pages of Endnotes. I've been writing about this forever. So the same guy, pin Shook, is paying off Kellyann 50,000 a month up until the election for some Ukrainian interests and is a big Clinton donor. Why was he a big Clinton donor? Let's go to Newsweek back in 2015.


Newsweek, not some right wing rag folks, okay? Left wing lunatics. Why was Victor Pinchuk so interested in the Clintons? Well, Victor Pinchuk, it turns out the Ukrainian that's paying off Kellyann Conway, he had the steel company put that up on the screen. That steel company, it turns out, had a series of shipments to Iran that may have violated sanctions back in 2011 and 2012 shipments to Iran. That could have caused Victor Pinchuk and his company a lot of trouble. Who could have helped him out in 2011 and 2012. Does anybody remember?


You guys know who was in office back? Oh, there the, there was. That was the Obama man with the Clinton. The, is this a, so when I say follow the money, I mean follow the money. Not this doesn't mean this in a figurative sense. It's in a literal sense. Follow the money. Here it is. Just go to page 18. You can read the pin jerk chapter yourself. Thank you Kurt Bar told you.


A lot of people be upset today, but you can rely on your good friend Dan, who gives zero shits about any of these losers like Kurt Bordello or whatever the hell his name is. You tell me not to talk about something. I talk about it twice Now, If, you wanna keep going? We can go into more tomorrow into Kellyann's payments and stuff. Like, we can do that. We can do that if you'd like. Now, does it make sense why you're seeing all these leaks in the paper? Republican anonymous sources are saying JD Vance is terrible. Really? It's funny 'cause everybody I know in the Republican party seems to love him. Man, he slated on the weekend show. He is been doing amazing. It's incredible how it's only these select operatives that it make sense.


JD says, you know, maybe we should look into what's going on in Ukraine before we get more money. He's a lot of corruption over there too. Again, they don't deserve this. I am in no way a pro, I'm the most anti Putin guy. I actually spent time in Russia and we, we were victims of their nonsense, okay? Me and a partner of mine in the Secret Service. But you see how when you question this massive defense industry, symbio here with the government, anyone like JD Vance, the lobbyists and the money comes in and all of a sudden you start seeing the left wing media, who by the way, profits off war too. You see the left wing media, oh, JD Vance, big trouble.


Trump team's quietly whispering they need to get rid of him. Nobody's whispering that. No one is wi, nobody is whispering that you wanna keep going? We can keep going. And yes, it is a warning and no fuck sticks. This has absolutely nothing to do with political violence. You pieces of shit. No one, nobody. Nobody has condemned political violence louder than me. You want us to put together a big hour long no one. And I don't give a damn about your politics. Once you cross that red line, there's no going back.


And I warn everyone again, you wanna keep going? We can keep going. 'cause I know a lot more too. And if I didn't have other priorities, I'd do the whole show on this. And notice I brought in a bunch of left wing sources there so nobody can say, oh Binos just making this up. He's a conservative lunatic, really? I cited for you Politico and Newsweek. That's who Pinch Shook is. Is anybody curious why he's paying Kellyann Conway? Ask Kurt. Bordello ready to move on Now I don't want any friends, folks, I'm serious.


Not interested anymore. I dunno. I'm want you guys as friends. That's it. This job is not easy. I'm not trying to, I'm not a snowflake. I'm nobody's victim. But it's not because you get tempted a lot. I'm only human. You get tempted to wanna be part of the in-crowd and go to the dinners and all that stuff. I don't wanna do any of that shit. All I care about is the truth. I'm desperately trying to avoid distractions. But I'm telling you right now, we are not going to win this election if the internal sabotage continues. There is, and by the way, let me just say one last thing, I'm sorry before I move on, don don't wanna belabor this. Nothing happening here is illegal. It's immoral and unethical, but it's not illegal. You are free to take lobbyist money from whoever you want, but you are not free to pretend to be one of us or you sabotage the campaign.


You are not the Dan Bongino Show. If you'd like to hear more Subscribe to the Dan Bongino Show, wherever you get your podcast.