
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. I have the one question I, And I, Stan Stan. Stand stand. I used to say on the mustard deck in the police academy. I have the one question. I am begging, I mean begging anyone at a, b, C to ask tonight of Kamala Harris. And believe me, it's not what you think. It's not. Why do you suck on immigration? Why? That's all important. Why she sucks on everything. But that's not the question. I think you all, once I put this out there and show you a video, you're all gonna be like you are damn right.


You answer that question. You answer everything tonight. Debate coverage. I'm gonna bump it back a little bit to eight 30. That way we have even more time to banter a little bit before the debate. 8:30 PM Eastern Time. McGrain Nation, Bonino Army, all the Avita Avita Brigade division out there. Avita Duffy division. Get it together tonight. I will see you there. 8:30 PM Eastern, actually here today


Show is sponsored by Blackout Coffee. Stop giving you money to world companies that can't stand you. Go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash Bonino. Use coupon code Bonino for 20% off your first order.


Big show today. I hope you're there with us tonight. This is gonna be, this question is gonna open a lot of eyes and I've got the receipts to back it up. Big hat tip to Julie Kelly for reaching out last night about it.


Hey, how many of the male listeners out there have to get up multiple times a night to go to the bathroom? I dub you know it's gonna affect your whole life. It can to impact your partner. Your sleep studies show 50% of all men will deal with in a large prostate due to BPH in their lives. Many treatments of medications out there for BPH have significant side effects too. Let me introduce you to Mentum Mentum Urinary support supplement is pure saw Palmetto oil extract. Clinically proven help reduce urinary frequency day and night help improve prostate function to help fight BPH. Listen, it's a big deal. Mentum is the first and only USP verified prostate health supplement USB verifies purity, potency and manufacturing to FDA current good manufacturing standards. Mentum contains 320 milligrams of pure saw Palmetto oil comparable to leading herbal medicine sold in Europe with no prescription needed. Great stop Mentum Health. So offering by enlisters 20% off their first bottle, mentum Urinary support, plus free shipping. Just go to flo mentum.com today. Enter code Bonino, that's F-L-O-M-E-N-T-U m.com. Enter code Bonino to get your 20% off plus free shipping. Your statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA, not intended to diagnose free cure, prevent any disease or condition. Thank you for momentum.


All right, fellas, let's go again.


Please join us tonight for the best debate coverage out there. You don't need broadcast crap. You don't need the mainstream media. You've got Dan Bonino and Avita Duffy covering it live. Let's blow it up tonight. Let's set another live streaming record Rumble dot com slash Bonino. Everybody download the Rumble app and a big special for you, Chris from Rumble. The CEO reached out to me this morning. If you wanna sign up for Rumble Premium, 'cause you don't want any ads, special promo code Bonino and you'll get a good discount on it. So check that out. Sign up for Rumble premium promo code Bonino just for you guys. Thank you Chris for doing that. We really appreciate it.


Let me play this video for you ladies and gentlemen. If you are a, B, C and you don't ask the question tonight of Kamala Harris, where were you on January 6th when you were almost hurt or killed by a pipe bomb outside of the DNC? Because you've never spoken to this publicly and we're kind of confused why you keep implying to people you were at the Capitol when you were not. You were at the Democrat national headquarters there at the DNC in Washington DCI want you to watch this video. And I want you to watch how deceptive Kamala Harris is.


She is constantly hiding that she was not at the Capitol on January 6th and why she was at the DNC when they found a pipe bump. Listen to this. I may play this twice. I hadn't seen this before. Tell me something's not up. Check this out. I Ask, was the TV on? Did someone say, Madam Vice President-elect, you gotta see this come. How did that unfold? I was at the Capitol that morning and then I was in a meeting, And I was told that I should leave, and then I was taken to a secure location with my husband. We watched in horror, Gee, you're like the ultimate skeptic.


Can someone please tell me why Kamala Harris refuses to say she was at the DNC when a bomb was found outside? Folks, I I'm not messing with you. I, I promise. Let me just put this out there. Everybody knows this. I don't like Kamala Harris or her politics. Granted, let me also put out there, I do not wanna see anything happen threat wise to any protectee, Kamala, Harris included, period. I mean that with a, the purest of hearts Wants Key. This guy is like, gee is the ultimate skeptic. He doesn't believe anything, folks, there is something insane going on here.


The woman was inside the D nnc when they found a viable pipe bomb FBI's words not mine outside that could have hurt or killed her. Why is it she will not say she was there? She is yet to admit this. Let's go over the people who appear to be hiding stuff here. The Secret Service whose texts and emails have disappeared about the interaction with Kamala Harris and Obama at the DNC on January 6th, the January 6th committee, which barely mentioned the fact outside of the appendix about the pipe bomb and that she wasn't there. She never mentions it in interviews.


She's never publicly discussed it outside of a just partial like half-assed reference to it. If the story's true that this was an insurrection and she was almost killed, why doesn't someone at a BC ask her the question, what were you doing at the DNC when you should have been at the Capitol? Folks Julie And I agree. And I. I I think Darren Beatie too. I think we've been the three covering this the most. There's other people out there I'm gonna take away any steal any of their thunder. There are other people out there very concerned about it too.


But these are the two I happen to deal with the most. I'm telling you right now, this is the biggest scandal right now in politics. Listen to me, and it's amazing how no one in the liberal media will cover this. If this is a big conspiracy theory and liberal media, your boy Dan Bonino is a crazy deranged lunatic. Sorry, my wallet driving me crazy. Is it? I'm a nut bag? Then why not write a bunch of articles about everything I say and point out how crazy I am? Because everything I'm saying is true. The alleged pipe bomber, the FBI showed us the video of no one can seem to find his phone records.


The pipe bomb was never found by either a bomb dog or an EOD person. There's a suspicious person getting out of a car just minutes before the pipe bomb is found in the area of the pipe bomb. And then all of a sudden, a similar looking person finds the pipe bomb and brings it to the Secret Service. Kamala Harris has never spoken publicly about what she was doing at the DNC and barely even mentions she was there despite the fact that she was almost assassinated. All of it's true. That's why the media refuses to cover it. The Secret Service texts deleted the FBI with the pipe bomb already exploded. Detonated, they say they have no DNA no nothing.


This is the biggest scandal in politics. I am telling you as your brother, number one, I know Justin always asked me to put this out there. I'm gonna talk about myself in a third person. If you'll allow for a second, I'm gonna steal a Bob Dole Dan Bonino. I know him well, is not suicidal. I love my life. Justin asked me constantly to remind the audience. So there's no question. Okay, everybody get it on the record, Anita, as the queen of the McBrides. Get it on record. Screen cap. I am not suicidal. I love my life. I'm here's, I'm telling you right now, this is what happened.


I am a hundred percent sure of it. The anti-Trump Deep State needed a plot to shut down the Republicans on certification day. From questioning the election in front of a national audience. Somebody thought of the idea to put these bombs near the, near the RNC and at the DNC. Kamala goes over there. Whether she was read in on the program before or after, candidly, I don't know, but I'm reasonably sure she's read in now. They needed something. The riot breaks out at the capitol. All of a sudden they didn't need the bomb story anymore to shut it down. They were like, look at these crazy MAGA people just certify the election before someone gets killed.


That's what the bombs were supposed to do. Their backup story was always gonna be if the bombs were found and they were uncovered before they needed them to be that it was a training exercise gone wrong. Folks, I'm, I will bet you anything on it. That is the story. And Kamala Harris knows. That's why no one will ask her A, B, C, do you have any balls? If you did, you would ask her tonight, Ms. Harris, you were almost assassinated by a pipe bomb attack. The FBI said, it was a viable pipe bomb. You could have been hurt or killed. What were you doing at the DNC that day and what can you tell us about this assassination attempt?


They'll never do it. They'll never do it. The debate night is here. Super excited to be covering it tonight with Avita. Hope to have you there. They won't ask that. But folks, Kamala Harris is in real trouble. I went over yesterday, so I don't need to repeat that whole segment. The Kamala bump was fake. It was always fake. I'm gonna tell you how they did it. The media, the deep state, the swampy Republicans, the bushes, the Cheneys, the Romneys, the Kinzinger, all the sellouts and the losers and the zeroes. They all got together and decided with the deep state, the bureaucrats, the NGOs, whether implicitly and explicitly that they were gonna pretend Kamala Harris is the real deal, despite knowing she's a fraud, a fake, a phony, and is to the left of Bernie Sanders.


Okay? They decided that what they did is they ran a bunch of polls which were heavily weighted towards Democrats to make you believe it was real. The problem is they can't cover up for Kamala Harris because Kamala Harris is a bad candidate. And as I told you yesterday, you cannot make a bad candidate good. You can make a good candidate, great. You can make a good candidate bad. You cannot make a bad candidate. Good. Not in the era of Twitter and social media. People will see your weaknesses. It only took a couple of weeks. The luster is off this fake diamond. What does Kamala Harris have to do to win tonight? We'll go into it tonight in a little bit more detail. Kamala Harris just has to not screw up no matter what she does.


The media will portray this as a win. No, Dan, they didn't do it for Biden last time. Biden was an obstacle. The media had to get rid of him last time. That is not the case this time. There is no chance a b, C is going to be fair in this debate. There is too much on the line for the deep state. If Donald Trump gets into office, you're gonna find out that January 6th story and you're gonna look at yourself and you're gonna never trust the United States government again if you're silly enough to trust them. Now here's the Media Research Center with an incredible super cut. I cut about a minute of it. This is ABC's prior coverage of Kamala Harris trying to build up the fake Kamala bump, knowing she's the most unpopular vice president in modern American history.


You think this network who speaks about her this way is gonna give you fair coverage in the debate tonight. Please stop. Please stop. I, I've had my dose of comedy for today. Check this out. Vice President Kamala Harris, making history a short time from now formerly accepting her party's nomination, delivering what will be the most important speech of her political career. The energy in the crowd on this night of history, knowing that this will be Kamala Harris's night. So much Is being made of the history here tonight. What's different about Kamala Harris is that she has been the first at every step along the way in her career, the History and the weight of this moment is not lost on anyone in this room. They're Clearly generating a kind of momentum and energy. They wanna keep that momentum going.


Vice President Harris gaining momentum, Kamala Harris surging in the Pools. She is confident. She uses a little humor, That joyful warrior presence, that excitement leaning into the Laughing and she's gonna outline that vision of hope and optimism for the future. It has Been effective out there on the campaign trail. She comes across in that debate as a prosecutor. And imagine that on the debate stage where you have a prosecutor possibly facing off against someone who has just been convicted. Right? Let's get Some factual information, right? Kamala Harris was never the border czar. Now she wasn't the border czar. That's what Republicans labeled Her calling her sort of the border czar, which wasn't necessarily the case. And it was at Howard where she ran her first campaign as a freshman in college and now she's inspiring that next generation for Kamala Harris.


This moment is about all those who for the first time will see a woman in the nation's second highest office. What is going to be going through your mind when you take that oath of office? You really believe this network is gonna give fair coverage to Donald Trump. There's no chance what Kamala needs to do to win. Again, more details tonight in our debate coverage with Avita, but I'm gonna sum it up with this one talking point here. That's all that really matters. All Kamala Harris has to do, ladies and gentlemen, is basically breathe not collapse on stage and not say something ridiculous. Which for her, believe it or not, is a high hurdle.


What does Donald Trump have to do to win? I think Donald Trump to win needs to be Donald Trump and not let everybody get in his head. There's a thousand pieces of advice, me included. He doesn't need it. He's done this a thousand times. I would just stick to her record versus his. He knows what to do. He's done it over and over. He defeated Hillary Clinton in the debates. He beat Joe Biden in the debates. He beat 16 to 20 Republicans in debates. He knows what he's doing. He doesn't need to overthink anything. Kamala Harris does need to overthink it because whenever Kamala Harris talks and doesn't memorize the talking points and gets extemporaneously off the script, it's a disaster.


We get into school bus territory 'cause there's a school I need that for tonight. By the way, Trump with the school bus thing, 'cause there's a bus and it goes here and it goes there. She does it all the time. What's our job now? No matter what happens tonight, our job is what folks in the chat hit it, man. Hit it right now. Our job right now is to execute. Put it in there, remind everyone, execute, go and vote. Just texted my daughter this morning. Make sure you get your mail-in ballot. She's outta state. Execute. I'm doing my job. I will never speak to you with forked tongue. I promise you. Look at me. I will never bullshit you when I tell you to execute to make sure you vote and bring 10 people with you.


Voting's not good enough. I'm sorry you voting's not good enough. You wanna save the country, you'll bring 10 people. You don't. You're gonna lose. End of story. I am on my probably 500th person reminding them to vote. I am not speaking to you with a fork tongue on this one. I'm doing the same thing you guys did. I put my name on a ballot once too. It is time to execute no matter what happens at night tonight, folks, I I gotta, this I have to be really candid with you about because when I don't know something, I don't know it and I'm not happy to tell you that it's my job.


I don't know why CNN did this. I don't, I have a good explanation to why CNN did the border wall segment I played for you yesterday where they exposed Kamala Harris's flip flopping on the border wall in immigration. I have a reasonably good idea why they did that. They did it because they're trying to pull her back to the left and remind her they're not gonna accept the border wall. This I don't understand Andy Andrew Kaczinski, he's at KFile on Twitter, does like some form of like fact checking type thing. He has this KFile thing and they published just a, a bombshell piece on Kamala Harris in 2019.


We're not talking about 1919 folks we're talking about just a few years ago, Kamala Harris filled out an A CLU questionnaire. That is devastating. CNN ran a massive hit piece on her last night. Now let me be clear, I'm speculating here. I'm reasonably confident about the border wall segment. Why they did that. I wanna be clear here. I'm speculating. One of the reasons I think they may have done this, and I'll show you the piece on the tweet coming up in a minute, is Kamala Harris, I think the writing is on the wall. The left knows she's in real trouble.


No red wave talk, but they know she's in trouble and they're already starting to question the establishment Democrats that plugged her in for Joe Biden. I, I'm just being, I'm just, I'm guessing 'cause this makes no sense. Here's the tweet And. I'll show you the video audio afterwards, which is even more devastating. KFile on Twitter, new on CNN. Just the day before, a couple days before the debate, a 2019 A CLU questionnaire. Kamala Harris said she supported taxpayer funded gender transition surgeries for detained immigrants. Wow, that's bad. Oh, he's not done decriminalizing drug possession.


I mean serious hard drugs and drastic cuts to ice along with ending immigrant detention. Burnt patience isn't a hit piece. I, I don't know, Justin. I don't know. I really don't. It actually supports these things. I don't know. I I, I, I don't know. I really don't. I don't, I don't know why they did this. I'm gonna play for you the segment they played on the network, which is even more devastating. My only guess because you never ever attribute to a kind of with the left wing stupidity what you could attribute to malice.


They may understand she's in real trouble and right now they're trying to get out ahead of the story to be like We warned you idiots. I don't know. Speculate in the chat for a minute.


Quick break. Blackout Coffee time for you to be awake. Not woke. Folks, I've been crushing. They're ready to drink. If you haven't tried this, this is the official ready to drink coffee of the Dan Bongino Show and the Bonino Army. Look at that. Skip the brew. It's the ready to drink. It's amazing. They use premium grade beans over there. None of these crap junk woke beans that walk around talking about sex change operations for illegal immigrants. Their beans don't do any of that. These are proud Americans who run this country company and they love this country. The coffee's amazing. It is a top quality coffee. I love it. It's the official coffee of the Bongino army. Pick yourself up some of the ready to drink, but do me a favor. Go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bongino and get all their coffees. Get their regular, get their espresso. Get their blueberry crumble flavor. Get their cinnamon french toast. Get the dark chocolate flavor and see what I'm talking about. Stop drinking that woke crap garbage junk. Brown water. Bitter junk ass coffee every morning. What? It's true, it tastes like you don't want that crap. You want a bold coffee like blackout. It's never bitter. That's Blackout Coffee dot com slash Bonino. Use coupon code Bonino for 20% off your first order. Make the switch to Blackout Coffee America like I did. You can thank me later. What's that some tonight? Ooh, we'll be drinking a lot of it tonight. Back to the show.


Shockingly, not only does Kaczinski run this massive hit piece two days before the debate showing you Kamala Harris is to the left of Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren. She filled out this questionnaire just a few years ago. Not like when she was 19 in college. Here's the clip, man. They ran on CNN And I. Think they know she's in trouble and they wanna be like, we warned you. Check this out. So in 2019 and what KFile found, she said she would cut funding to ice writing. Quote, our immigrant detention system is out of control. And I believe we must end the unfair incarceration of thousands of individuals, families and children.


I was one of the first senators after President Trump was elected to advocate for a decrease in funding to ice. Well now Of course she's touting the Biden Administration's executive order to crack down on the border. KFile. Andrew Kozinski joins me now. Andrew, that's pretty incredible on its own when you're talking about what you found here on ice. What else did you find? Yeah, and this was a questionnaire that she filled out for the A-C-L-A-C-L-U. And this questionnaire is really an interesting snapshot in time of that 2019 Democratic primary Kamala Harris was trying to get to the left of Bernie Sanders. She was trying to get to the left of Elizabeth Warren. And you really see that in a lot of these answers. And I. Wanna walk our viewers through a little bit of what she said.


Let's just take immigration and look at what she said here. She said on immigration, she made this open-ended pledge to end immigrant detention. She said she supported taxpayer funded gender transition surgeries for detained migrants. She also said she Supported taxpayer funded gender transition surgeries for detained migrants. For detained migrants. She actually said she supported That. She, she wrote, both wrote and answered in the affirmative when she was asked this. Well, well what, what, what I, where's the karate Man chat. Karate man. Why is Aaron Burnett doing the karate Man on Kamala Harris?


She's a she stud. Did you hear it? That's why I ended with that one. She can't believe Kamala Harris is was running to the left of Bernie Sanders who's a communist. How do you run to the left of a communist? Are you like the communist of commun? Are you like the magneto of communist? What is, are you like the Thanos of communist? Wait, am I missing something? Dude, you That's her questionnaire. Who is that? Clara and Joe. Wait, where isn't gonna the foot in there? Yeah, look at that. Yeah. Wait, wait. Keep that camera.


Look at that. A lot of flexibility, right? Not bad for, not bad for. Watch it. Sidekick. Not bad for a 50. Check this out Joe Rogan, this is for you kid. Nice. What the hell is CNN is doing? The karate man on Kamala Harris two days before the debate. Folks, this is who she is. This is exactly who she is. Cutting the nuts off illegal immigrants and giving them taxpayer funded sex change operations. The entire world could think about this for a second.


This is how dumb Kamala Harris is. Anyone around the world who wants to come to the United States, which is pretty much everyone, they all wanna be here, right? Because we're a generally a free market country, generally speaking, when you get rid of the liberals and we have to put walls to keep, keep out. Other countries have walls to keep people in, right? Not us. So everyone wants to come here. So if you're having some issues with gender or whatever you think your issues may be, you can come to the United States. You don't even have to worry about getting a visa. You know they wouldn't let you back in the country without your own passport. But it doesn't matter someone there, no visa, no nothing illegally. Cross the border and demand your nuts get cut off and the taxpayers pay for it.


She's for, she wrote this down. I gotta give you a piece of advice by the way for a second. I, I even have this in caps. 'cause when you run for office, anybody in the chat ever run for office? Anyone? Yes Obviously Novia. But just put a yes. I'm curious because if you've ever run for Office You, know this to be true, you are going to get a thousand questionnaires from a thousand groups that are gonna demand you fill it out. Here's my advice to you. I had no problem filling 'em out. I stand by the same things I stood by when I ran for office. I give every organization free pass release all of my surveys. I probably took a hundred of them. If you are a fake and a phony and a fraud like Kamala Harris, do not fill these things out because these organizations like the ACL U, we'll expose you later.


She filled this out willingly and said she wanted to cut the testicles off illegal immigrants who were having gender issues who are here illegally and you have to pay for it. This is who Kamala Harris is. She wrote this down. This is the single worst candidate for president we have ever seen. And my guess, throw that up. That polls thing you just put on my, I don't even know why you put but put that up there. Sorry. 'cause now you got me thinking. I know you're putting it up in the this is why. Look at this. Interactive polls. I'm loving this account on Twitter at IA polls 2022.


Look at the latest Nate Silver forecast. This guy's no conservative. He has trumpet a 64% chance of winning. I don't want red wave talk. I'm just telling you the left is reading this too. And I think CNN is trying to get out ahead of the story. If Kamala loses by going, we warned you, you pick someone to the left of Bernie Sanders. Hey look, we ran a segment at KFile with Aaron Burnett on it. You didn't listen, it's my only guess. I Bino, I saw you in there doing your job. We love you. I just want quick poll 'cause you guys really do matter to me folks in the chat. And anybody by the way can join the chat. It is free Rumble dot com slash Bonino.


You just have to set up a Rumble account. It's free. It's free. That's it. Someone asked me why do you talk to the chat, the paper? It's free. You just have to set up a Rumble account Question. Do you think my theory is right that CNN sees the writing on the wall, knows Kamala is in trouble and is trying to get out in front of it right now? Yes you do or no? You think my theory's crazy? I'm just curious 'cause I'm I'm speculating, but I see no other reason they would run a hit piece two days out. Answer the poll. Take a quick break when I get back this. Mark Halperin is a political analyst on Newsmax. Halperin's been around some people like him, some people don't. I don't get into the light game.


I get into the facts game. He had a really brilliant hit on Newsmax the other day. He gave two reasons. If Kamala Harris loses and loses badly, the two reasons that are gonna be primarily responsible. And he's a hundred percent correct. A hundred percent correct. I got that coming up for a second. Go. Let's get a homie Bino on the case. 'cause I really, there's no other reason. If you're, if you, I I don't wanna get outta ahead this, but if you're in the chat saying, you know I'm wrong, CN N's just doing journalism, I'm gonna say, I say that's, that's a good one. I'm gonna tell you please get some Blackout Coffee. Clear your brain of this cob cobwebs, man.


I'm in a mood today.


Hey, student loan forgiveness, hands out handouts, free everything right? Seems everyone's getting a free pass except you, you've been an honest tax paying citizen for forever. But when Covid tough times happened and you fell behind with unfiled tax returns instead of forgiveness, the IRS is hiring thousands of new enforcement agents. But listen, it's risky to call the IRS yourself. We know that you need tax and network USA. There are aggressive strategies. They are designed to help solve your IRS problems quickly and in your favor. Well, what happened there? Did you zip out the other in the middle of my You need tax and network USA. They're aggressive strategies designed to help you solve your IRS problems quickly and in your favor. They have preferred direct lines to the IRS. They know which agents to work with and which to avoid. Tax Network. USA specializes in helping to reduce or eliminate your tax debt. They've helped resolve over 1 billion in tax debts for their clients. Some of their, some of these tax solutions expire. You don't wanna wait on this TA Tax Network USA is owned by fellow Patriots and they're giving you a free consultation. Here's the number for tax Network USA 1 809 5 8 1000. That's 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit t usa.com/dan. That's tn usa.com/dan. Thanks text Network usa. We appreciate it.


And our last sponsor today is you having trouble asleep, staying asleep or getting to sleep. I've been there, I've talked about it. You feel terrible the next day. Poor sleep takes an awful toll on your body. Everything from glucose metabolism to your mood. Look it up. Get your sleep in. There's hope for you. Beams Dream Powder total game changer for me seeing we're sleeping well with sharper, more focused, ready to tackle life that day. And today my listeners get a special discount on Beams Dream powder. They're science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleep is never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause. Next day Grogginess Dream contains a powerful all-natural blend of REI magnesium, L-theanine, apogen and melatonin help you fall asleep, safe sleep and wake up refreshed and ready to rock and roll. Try beam's bestselling dream powder. They're now we're offering Bonino listeners an exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash Bonino and use code Bonino at checkout. That's shop b eam.com/ Bonino. Use code Bonino for up to 45% off. Thanks Beam. Get a good night's sleep.


If she flops tonight and this campaign falls apart and there's not massive uncontrolled cheating and another mega October surprise and she loses, mark Halperin has nailed it. There are two reasons she's going to lose. One involves tampon Tim and one involves avoiding the media and counter messaging. Listen to Halperin explain this. This is a really good hit. And then I'll give my thoughts on it what he's right about after. Check this out. I think if she does lose this race, there'll be two decisions that she made that people will look back on and say, wow tho those were decisive early on.


One was not picking Josh Shapiro as her running mate for governor of Pennsylvania and the other was choosing to hide. To not do media, to not talk to voters, to not paint a portrait of herself in anything but gauzy terms from the Chicago Convention on where she stands on things. And, and there are good reasons for that apparently, but the what's on the website now is Blade and it's not out of her own mouth. Not very many Americans are gonna go look at that website. So she does have to give people, even her own aids would say more of a sense of what she's about, what she'd be like as president. I've known her a long time. I've covered her a long time. I have no idea what she'd be like as president Folks. Again, Halperin's not known as some like diehard MAGA activist either.


That sound analysis, let's hit number one. She had a very popular Democrat, governor of Pennsylvania. Ladies and gentlemen. The guy's horrible. I get it. This is a conservative show. We don't agree with that guy. But he has somehow managed to pull like the Bill Clinton political skills in Pennsylvania and got a lot of moderates to believe he's moderate when he's not. He's nothing more than a coward. He hasn't back school choice. He's, he's a fake. That doesn't matter. He, he, unlike Kamala, is a fake who pretends well he's a really gifted actor you don't like, he's like Bobby De Niro. Nobody likes Robert De Niro on the right, but he's not a terrible actor.


He acts good. That's what he does. He's just stupid about politics. That's Josh Shapiro. He's Bobby D. Little bit. They could have picked Bob De Niro, a really stupid guy with politics, but a good actor in Josh Shapiro in a swing state they need in Pennsylvania and instead they pick a state they were probably gonna win. That's not traditionally a swing state at all. That has fewer electoral college votes. Minnesota with a helplessly flawed candidate who wants tampons in the boys room with a questionable past who wast vetted in tampon Tim Walls.


What a disaster. And here's what I'm worried about, man. I should have pulled this clip. CNN Harry Ton, Jim, if you can find it for the radio show, did a clip yesterday. It's all over social media about the importance of Pennsylvania. Folks, I should have pulled it. I'm sorry guys, if you can find it, but if not, don't sweat it. CNN did a clip yesterday talking about if Kamala Harris loses Pennsylvania, the race is over, there is simply no math for her to win. If she loses Pennsylvania, Trump just has to pull a couple of more swing states. And the thing is over CNN knows she's in real trouble.


What, by the way, did Bino get back to us on the thing? What was it? What were the numbers? 'cause I'm telling you, my theory is right. I'm almost positive I'm leaving a little wiggle room at this. But this theory is correct. CNN knows she is in real danger of getting crushed in this election and they wanna pretend they were out ahead of the story so that they know that these two things are tied together. Which you just heard from Mark Halperin. How pissed. Oh, thank you. Wow, only three. Thank you folks. See, I'm not crazy. I know I'm not the wisdom of crowds, you guys, the crowd's always smarter than an individual always every time, right? CNN knows that if they just would've picked the incredibly popular, at least with Democrats, governor of Pennsylvania, they would've locked up the state.


But because the Democrat party has a real problem with Jewish Americans, it's a fact as a enormous problem with Jewish Americans. It's the only group of people with Democrats. It's okay to, no it's not actually Asians too. As long as you keep Asians outta college, if you discriminate against Jews, it is perfectly okay in a Democrat party. And number two, which is obvious, she hid from the media thinking none of this KFile stuff would come out. None of these questionnaires would come out and that people wouldn't what resurface her old clips of saying crazy things on video and audio and now it's too late to counter message.


It's simply too late. She's out of time folks. The election is on now. It's not 58 days away. Early voting's already begun. Mail-in ballots are getting mailed out and printed right now. She has no time to counter this stuff anymore. She completely blew it. And by the way, all of this stuff, sex changes for illegal immigrants, no more immigrants being detained. Just let 'em run around the United States. Police officers being pulled outta schools, government takeovers of the healthcare system and unrealized capital gains tax, which even Mark Cuban acknowledges will crash the stock market.


All of this stuff is who Kamala Harris is. She is faking it, pretending to be a moderate. There is no evidence anywhere on any historical position she's taken. She's the prosecutor who never prosecuted anyone. The woman's a disaster that she is a moderate, she's a radical left winger. She's a Michael Dukakis. Jimmy Carter left wing. Matter of fact, not even Jimmy Carter looks like a Republican compared to her and who outed it. I should have played this cut yesterday, but I want you to listen to it anyway. Here's Bernie Sanders saying the quiet part out loud. Kamala Harris is a die hard progressive liberal. She's just telling you a bunch of bullshit to get elected.


You doubt me. Listen yourself, I Vice president Kamala Harris as a progressive, she has previously supported Medicare for all. Now she does not. She's previously supported a ban on fracking. Now she does not. These senator are ideas that you have campaigned on. Do you think that she is abandoning her progressive ideals? No, I don't think she is abandoning her ideals. I think she's trying to be pragmatic and doing what she thinks is right in order to win the election. Guys, what else do you need to hear? I saw a statistic the other day that 28% of, what is it, young voters aren't committed to Kamala Harris 'cause they don't know what she stands for.


What don't you know guys, I'm sorry. I'm not trying to speak to you in a condescending matter if it comes off that way. I'm a little frustrated and my apologies in advance. I know you've all got things going on. School jobs. I understand. I mean it. I'm not trying to be a dick. Okay, let me get that out in advance. But it's not hard to find out what Kamala Harris is about. Go to X Twitter and just put Kamala Harris Medicare Kamala Harris police officers in schools. You can see what she said. You don't say a young kid and you're not really a conservative and you're just feeling out politics. And you heard Dan Bongino is a crazy conspiracy theorist. You heard that from some lunatic liberal place. Fine, don't listen to me.


Just go and do your own homework. Everything I'm telling you is real. That CNN segment on Kamala Harris Open borders, sex changes for illegals is real. I didn't make it up. I don't work for CNN and for you younger folks out there, matter of fact, anyone for you, younger folks specifically, this is, this is, did you just do that just now during the show? Here's a screenshot from Justin a, a screen share from Justin's own computer. Kamala Harris Medicare. There you go. There are segments in there you can read about it. Kamala Harris taking alternate positions on everything.


It's not hard. I wanna show you guys this segment. Now I'm, I'm gonna be candid with it 'cause G knows he's been here the longest. Sometimes when we're in a slow Newsweek, I'll do some educational stuff. Some Milton Friedman Thomas. So I promise you that's not the case here. We have a debate tonight. It is the most important debate in modern American history. Without a doubt it's not even a close. Second, we lose this selection folks. We are effed and it rhymes with trucked. Okay, I'm serious. You have to ask yourself. You have two disparate views of government on stage. Let's keep it 10,000 feet.


You get lost in the won all day. You have one candidate, Kamala Harris, who wants the government involved in every component of your life, your childhood education, your high school who gets a sex change, the economy. Who gets to tax the stock market, who gets to take over your healthcare? She, her answer is government for everything. The other candidate does not want government. He did the largest single cut of federal regulations in modern US history, getting the government out of your life and gave you back more of your money through a tax cut. If you really believe government is the answer to anything, Kamala Harris is suggesting school safety, healthcare, the economy.


I want you to listen to this one minute of Thomas Sowell, the greatest economic philosopher of our time, just asking a simple question. What the hell has the government ever fixed? Like ever check this out. When people say things like the government has to do something, I say, have you ever studied what happens when the government does something compared to what happens when they don't do anything? And for 150 years, the government of the United States did nothing when there was a depression. No depression during all those 150 years was ever as bad as the Great Depression of the 1930s in which the government did more than it had ever done before in its entire history. The the stock market crash occurred in 19, in October, 1929.


Right? Two months later, unemployment peaked at 9% and then it started declining. And then by June of 1930 it was down to 6.3%. That was when the first government intervention took place and within six months it was in double digits and it stayed in double digits for the entire decade of the 1930s. Folks, what he's telling you is true. He's using the Great Depression, one of the most tragic economic perilous moments in American history. To highlight a point, the government can't fix shit.


The government can't fix the government. The government can't protect the president. The government can't fix healthcare. The government has can't runs education. We have one of the worst public education systems in the world. You have a candidate on stage tonight who is going to make the case to you for more failure. Government equals failure. You have another candidate who's saying, I'm not perfect but I know this. I'm gonna hire some competent people to pull the government out of your life so that you can make these decisions. I want you to keep that in mind tonight as you're watching Kamala Harris in every answer. Make the case for more shit government in your life.


It does nothing for you. Nothing. Everything it runs you hate. The only reason UPS and FedEx are even in business is because the government and even quasi government enterprises can't even figure out how to deliver mail. Although they got a freaking monopoly on it. You wanna see what happens, by the way, when the government does something. Here's Kamala Harris's buddy Democrat, Senator Chuck Schumer. They're tight. He's the Senate majority leader for the Democrats. Probably the second most powerful Democrat outside of the executive office.


Maybe up there with Ka Hakeem Jeffries. Here's Chuck Schumer again saying the quiet part out loud. Kamala Harris gets elected. 10 to 12 million illegals in this country who broke the law are going to be legalized and change the electoral dynamic of this country forever. The Democrats talk about it all the time. Go to a search engine and do your own research. Put demographic destiny Democrats and listen to them. Discuss how they plan to legalize anyone who wants to come here legally or illegally to change the electoral dynamic of the country. Watch Schumer talk about it right here. I thought this was a conspiracy theory.


Check this out. The only way we're gonna have a great future in America is if we welcome and embrace immigrants, the dreamers and all of them. 'cause our ultimate goal is to help the dreamers but get a path to citizenship for all 11 million or however many undocumented there are here. Oh, notice the second part of what he says. He says for the 11 or 12 million, do you guys hear it or however many are here, which is probably close to 20, maybe 25 million folks, the country's population's only 300 plus million. We're talking about a 12th, a 15th of the population of the entire country from portions, many of the undeveloped world that the Democrats have openly spoken about rep.


This is not a reflection by the way, in any way of the moral character of anyone. God has created us all in his likeness granted, but render onto Caesar what is Caesar's? You cannot run a country with no borders and an orderly process for coming in here. This is what government fixing things and getting involved actually looks like They plan on legalizing everyone if they win. If you are for that, then yes, vote for Kamala Harris. She's your, she's your gal. Why do you think Chuck Schumer's talking about that You think it's a mistake?


You wanna see what the government does when it does something too? What do you think the stated purpose, the Democrats Michael? Not a trick question. When the Democrats put out the inflation reduction act, what do you think they were telling people it was gonna do lower. That's Michael man. What a smart, he's like a math major or something. Lower inflation, right? What did we warn people during the show? You guys were here. This was not going to lower inflation. It was gonna make it worse. The laughably named Inflation Reduction Act was nothing more than a bunch of taxpayer handouts to billion dollar and million dollar green companies that stole your money for green boondoggles, flushed it into the economy and made inflation even worse.


It should have been called the Inflation Production Act because that's what it did. Here's what happens when you get Joe Biden in an unscripted moment when he actually admits it had nothing to do. Inflation with inflation. And they should have just called it what it is. What it was. The shitty Green Boondoggle Act. Listen to yourself, check this out. My my investments that through my investments, the most significant climate change law ever. And by the way, it is a $369 billion bill. It's called the we. We should have named it what it was, but, but any rate, We should have named it what it was.


The shitty Green Bulldog Act that was gonna produce more inflation. This is what happens when the government gets involved. You were gonna be watching a candidate on stage tonight, Kamala Harris, who wants to make sure the government steals more of your money for another inflation production act. How are you feeling by the way, about boatloads of illegal immigrants being dumped in your communities? How are you feeling in Ohio? Where is a big controversy in Springfield, Ohio breaking out over illegal immigrants in their communities? How are you feeling that your senator, she brown over it or whatever his, that he loved this kind of stuff, that this is his thing he love.


He's up for election by the way, you know that, right? He's Kamala Harris on granting temporary protective status, which means basically amnesty. You've already heard Chuck Schumer talking about it for Haitians, many of whom were sent to Ohio, where there's apparently a big crisis breaking out with the locals who the citizens themselves, black and white by the way, who are like, wait, this is our community. Who are all these people coming here? Who are they coming here? You can thank Kamala Harris. You don't believe me? That's okay. Listen to Kamala Harris, check this out. That is why also starting with our administration, we gave TPS temporary protected status to Haitian migrants 55,000.


And then more recently we extended temporary protective status to over a hundred thousand Haitian migrants for that very reason that they need support. They need protection. Yeah. Why? Why? Why is this show number one? Why? Why is this show number one? It's not my good looks. It's not the T-shirts. Believe me, it's not. It might be the T-shirt might maybe the T. Yeah, maybe it is T. It's definitely not the good looks. I can tell you that. Why is this show number one? Because ladies and gentlemen we put a shit ton of homework into it and we always, always bring receipts. I say to you every time, please fact check me please. I'm begging you liberals, conservatives, communists. I don't care who you are. Tea Party Maga fact, check me.


It only enhances my credibility. Why do we know Kamala Harris plans and the Democrats plan on a mass amnesty for these people in your communities who are not here legally because they said it. Why do we know they're in your communities now because of Kamala Harris? Because Kamala Harris just said it. Big controversy in Springfield, Ohio. There's a number of illegal immigrants running around the community that's upset. The locals Of course the left is trying to throw the race card. I'll give you that in a second. It means nothing. Nobody listens to them. People laugh at them 'cause they know how stupid they are. It's really sad that real racism exists and it gets a pass because the liberals have done that.


'cause they call everyone a racist. So no one actually pays attention when there's actual 'cause. They don't believe anyone. Here's a black resident of Springfield, Ohio complaining about illegal immigrants in their community and the liberals are like, you guys are definitely racist. That's fascinating. This guy happens to be black, which is really weird. Listen to yourself. Y'all get the highway state patrol down here every week and then y'all get like a task force for the highway state patrol and they look for guns and they look for dope and this and that and the forth. That same people that y'all got riding up and down limestone, doing U turns, pulling people over for blinkers and pulling people over for like going left to center and like a couple miles over.


Like y'all can take them. Same people, the highway state patrol and you can take them in every single one of they Silver charger and Dodge Durangos and y'all can take 'em to Sunset and y'all can park 'em right over there. And y'all can teach people how to drive. Since the highway state patrol know so much how to b know so much about traffic laws and know what to do in traffic. They need to, y'all pay them, they can go over there and teach these Haitians how to drive. 'cause it's, it is getting a bro, I'm getting thousands of views on on these and it is going to get bigger and it's only gonna get worse. And y'all sitting up there in these chairs, y'all all y'all need to get out here and do something. Y'all making hundreds of thousand dollars y'all need to put on a T-shirt and some Crocs and then y'all need to come out here in these streets and y'all need to go out here and I'm out here before the police is like, y'all need to do something bro.


Y'all really gotta stand on minutes. Y'all getting paid all this money just to wear a suit and sit in a chair. I don't think, I think it's, I think it's crazy bro. They like, we gotta do something bro. It's kids out here getting hurt. Like only reason I even went on here and said something about it is because somebody told me they walking from the school and a Haitian almost ran into 'em. And who is getting paid? Like how much money is y'all really getting paid? Like to bring them over here? Like I know it's deeper than them. I know that's where they come from and that's what they do. That's they country. I don't know what they got going on over there, but they can't do that over here. And if y'all just getting paid from it and then y'all ain't doing nothing about it. I think that's super weird bro. Y'all gotta stand on business. Y'all gotta really like step up like it's, it's lame bro.


Like for real. Thank you for your comments. Thank you. Thank you. Did you Folks, Of course is a big controversy. Are they eating ducks, cats? It doesn't matter what they, where do they? They're not supposed to be there. They're not supposed to be there. And to the gentleman in that video, thank you for speaking out. The answer to your question is what are you all doing? Ask Kamala. Harris. I just played for you the video with her talking about how these people wound up in your community.


It ain't a, it ain't the Republicans and by the way, Hughes, Dan Goldman, chief Russia, hoaxer, PP Hoaxer, the dumbest man in Congress, not person that's a OC, the dumbest human being who is a male. I know Libs have a problem with that in Congress. Here he is. He doesn't want you talking about this. Remember that guy's black who the, so if he's a racist, he's, it's very, he must have some self hatred or whatever's going on there. He happens to be black. So do let other residents who are pissed off saying if you even bring this up and there are people who shouldn't be in your community, breaking the law, driving around, hitting people, not driving with licenses or whatever. You are definitely a racist.


Check this out. Policy is to deport everybody whether they have a green card or not. And just to eliminate all immigration essentially, because they do not want people who are not white to come into this country. It's plain and simple. The guy we just paid is played his black you dumb ass. That Of course. That's, this is why again, nobody listens to this anymore. It goes right over people's heads because people like Dan Goldman, it's the only card he has all, he's not an intelligent guy. He's a freaking moron. He's an embarrassment to humankind to the congress. His neighbors, his family, his friends. So what does he do? He takes the easy route every time.


Oh, you we're all racist for bringing this up. Sure. Okay, Dan. Right, whatever. Nobody's paying attention to you


folks. Big debate coverage tonight. You're gonna join us. Who's gonna be there? Yes, in the chat. 8:30 PM Eastern time tonight. I'm asking you a favor. Spread the word on Twitter with the Rumble link Rumble dot com slash Bonino. It's free. Set up an account, join the chat. It is free Again if you want, if you want an ad free experience on Rumble Rumble Premium, we are of a offering a special discount. Use promo code. Bonino my last name Chris did it for you guys today. Totally your choice. I get it. The site is free. Premium is just if you don't want ads, but we appreciate it. Helps us fight, cancel culture. Thank you very much. Download the Rumble app. See you guys tonight. See you on the radio show in a little bit. Please give us a follow on Apple podcast and Spotify as well in a little bit.


You just heard the Dan, Bongino, Show.