
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host Dan Bonino More video emerges yesterday again confirming our initial account of what happened. That the reason they don't wanna disclose the timeline to you in the Trump assassination attempt is 'cause you're gonna realize they walked President Trump on stage with an unmitigated threat. I don't know how many different ways I can say this. It's really a damn shame that we've gotta break the news on this show. Why it's your show should be proud of breaking news. No I'm not. It's the media's job to be doing this. I'm an opinion guy. I don't pretend to be a journalist.


I don't wanna be. I believe in facts and honest reporting. And I always will. but I would rather you report the facts and me give you my opinion. 'cause that's what we're here for afterwards. Not me have to report the facts and then give my opinion on my own facts. The tree story confirmed yesterday again, told you that a week ago that the snipers that took out the target had to shoot through a bunch of trees in a miracle shot. Why the hell were they in that position in the first place? How did the shooter the assassin have a better look at President Trump and the line of sight than the actual counter sniper teams? Folks, every single answer invites a thousand more questions.


I got a big show for you today.


You heard me rave about Beam every week. So get it now. Get good sleep. They're offering the largest discount at shop Beam dot com slash Bongino. Use code Bongino.


I'm gonna play for you some body cam video. Also the acting director. Now Ladies and gentlemen, this is not personal. Again, you want a friend, you're gonna have to get a cat or a dog. 'cause I'm not it. I'm all about keeping people alive. The newly appointed acting director, it could be as bad if not worse than the, the director just left.


Hey, using the internet without express VPNs like forgetting to mute yourself on Zoom and everybody hears you trash talking, your coworkers ouch, may just be a bit of harmless banner. But what happens if your boss overhears you talking about is receding hairline express VPN reroute your network data through a secure encrypted tunnel. So your ISP can't see or sell your own line activity. It's so simple to use. Just fire up the app and click one button Express. VPN is rated number one by CNET and the Verge. It works on phones, laptops, even routers. So everyone who shares your wifi can be protected. Ladies and gentlemen, I use Express VPN 'cause it's none of the government's business or anyone else what you're doing online. We use it on all our equipment here, phones, routers, everything. So protect your online privacy by visiting today. So your privacy is your business. ExpressVPN dot com slash Bongino. That's E-X-P-R-E-S-S ExpressVPN dot com slash Bongino and you can get an extra three months free ExpressVPN dot com slash Bongino.


All right fellas, let's get this show started. So this emerged last night. Full disclosure, I know the agent well in this body cam video, again, this isn't personal Ladies and gentlemen, I've got a job to do and my job I am absolutely clear about right now. The Secret Service was engaged in a colossal F up like we have not seen in modern times. That nearly, nearly led to the loss of life of Donald Trump and led to the murder of Corey Comparator. This is no time for bullshit, it's no time for anything else other than that. This is some body cam from, I guess the Beaver County Police Department right there. They're on the roof now. So you have the timeline straight.


This is after the assassin has been killed, neutralized, taken out. They are on the roof. They, they, one of the secret service agents you're gonna see in glasses come out, comes up to speak to them. The video's about three minutes long. I only played the first minute because that's where all the big stuff happens. Everything I told you again last week is coming true. It's important to follow up. So You know I'm not one, I'm not bullshitting you, but second double confirmation. Triple confirmation is the way to ensure accuracy. Anybody can say anything but we can back it up. I told you that these pictures and texts last week were going around. In other words, law enforcement at the scene, law enforcement, notice I'm using a general term 'cause the exact chain of communications we don't have yet, but law enforcement at the scene knew about this guy.


Upwards of an hour out. Okay? Upwards of an hour out when that filtered to the Secret Service. I believe it was about 18 minutes from when Donald Trump walked on stage. But you're gonna hear in this, in this one minute cut from this video, you're gonna hear a couple lines. Oh, you sent me the pictures, meaning they did go around, meaning I And I already told you last week that there's a, they've already, they've subpoenaed all of the records. They have all the text records from the cops and the law enforcement at the scene. Okay? so they know they're just hiding the timeline. Then something else I told you last week, you're gonna hear in the video again. A couple people attacked me for it. Honestly, I, I really don't give a shit. I'm only addressing it to show you how stupid some people are.


They just wanna jump, they wanna jump to like explanation 10,000 before getting an explanation of the basics. I told you last week they lost sight of the guy. That's one of the reasons they think he went up on the roof to get a better shot. They would, they think it was gonna be an attack on Trump and the crowd from the ground. That's why he used the rangefinder from the ground. It's a working theory. Doesn't mean that we're never gonna find out. 'cause the guy's dead doesn't mean he wasn't there to attack Donald Trump. He shot Donald Trump. He was obviously there to attack Donald Trump, but I told you this was likely gonna be a mass casualty event too. In other words, he may have been aiming to shoot more people before the CS guy neutralized him. You're gonna hear one of the guys saying this too. Pay close attention.


They lost sight of him. They were tracking him And, they lost him. That's the point. Donald Trump should have been stopped from going to the site or kept in the holding room and that's the point They think he jumped on the roof too. You can hear it again from them. Check this out. Also the guy acknowledges I got that picture, meaning these pictures were going around. Alright, listen to this and on the other side we'll have some commentary. Check this out. so We don't know. So this is the guy that that our that Yes saw sent the saw Beaver County's number scene and sent the pictures out. This is him. Okay. Alright. Right, right there obviously. Got it. So the bike in the back over here, is he on that bike? We don't know. We don't know. So I don, he just treating that as suspicious device.


Correct? One second. I believe the sniper that seen these and sent the pictures is right inside his building. Michelle, is Greg in there? I believe he's in there, yes. Alright, so if you go to that window that's open and yell for Greg, that's the sniper that sent the original pictures and seen him come from the bike and sent the book bag down and then lost sight of them. Okay? He's the one that sent the pictures on don. Don't know if you got the same ones. I did. I think I did. Yeah, he's like got his glasses on and he is. So we had the picture of that. Yeah, I got that, I got that. That picture. And then this was, this is his bike with the stuff and our sniper seen him walking away from that I believe. Okay. But he would be right inside that window. He's the one that physically seen this, sent the pictures and called it out. Okay, So, so, and we have somebody detained.


Correct? That I don know some people detained on This side. Alright. Our guy that was just up here told me that there's a guy detained, he's the owner of the bike. And I said No, no, that's the owner of the bike. I'm Folks, you can already see the confusion. Again, there are a number of things we told you about last week. We're double confirming now for the sake of precision and accuracy because it freaking matters. The media's been all over the place on this story. It's a damn tragedy you've had to come here every day. It is proud of my show, but there's a freaking joke the guy's life is still in danger out there 'cause there's still this mess still isn't cleaned up.


You hear the guy say, go look for Greg. Greg is the guy who sent the pictures. Folks, the secret service in the FBI and DHS has the texts of the law enforcement officers on the screen. I mean, excuse me, in their, in their investigative record. I'm watching the screen here. They have the records. So when Kim Cheadle, the former secret service director since resigned, went up there and said, I have a timeline without specifics, Ladies and gentlemen, I believe she was lying and may have perjured herself. I told you last week they had the timeline. They lost him. They lost sight of him.


I told you that. It is really important you understand that this guy was probably not just there to kill President Trump, but was also there to hurt people and kill people attending the rally too. A video has emerged, I'm probably gonna get to it tomorrow. I haven't get to, I haven't gotten to it today. I'm trying to clean it up a little bit. That shows when he was spotted right before he was taken out, the assassin that is, he directed his firearm towards the crowd. Again, a bunch of people jumped out my, oh You know You need to see it on video. He's pointing the gun.


He was gonna kill other people. This was going to be not just a Trump assassination, but a mass casualty event. It's why he was probably using the rangefinder on the ground. They hit Trump and the crowd, the media would've paid attention. They don't want you to know that, by the way, the media folks and others because they wanna make this political violence And. they wanna make it about Republicans. The fact that not only Trump but you were targeted to, the media wants to ignore that completely because it adds to the layer of depravity that this guy was not just there to target Trump, but was just there to target grandma at the site to see President Trump.


You understand what's going on here, why the media's not telling you the real story. He may have wound up on that roof by accident. It takes away absolutely nothing. He was trying to cite it on Trump and the crowd from the ground And, they lost them. If you see the layout of the building from above, you'll see how that would've happened. Now again, it's a theory they're working with. It's hard to know because he's dead. And does it matter folks who really cares if he was gonna troop shoot Trump from the ground or the roof?


What matters about the story though, is the precision of the timeline of events. Because now we'll know if they lost him, whether he shot from the roof or the ceiling You know, it doesn't matter to me. He's gonna kill Trump and people in the crowd. What matters is if they lost him, why was President Trump ever allowed out of the secure vehicle? That's the problem. If we don't fix that, he could be walking into another threat. some of you saw last night, the New York Times wrote a piece, they showed a picture of the vantage point, by the way, of the Secret Service Counter sniper team that took this guy out. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm telling you, there were two miracles that day.


Number one was President Trump surviving by, by centimeters a bullet nicking off a piece of his ear instead of penetrating his skull. Miraculous. There's no other explanation. You wanna posture one, go ahead. It's up to you. I, i I I can't find another one. But the second miracle is, again, something I told you last week, the number of media people gaffed off 'cause they don't know what the, they're talking about the counters sniper team from the Secret Service, not the one in the video, that's not the one that did it, that took this guy out, took a shot from about 400 yards with a nine inch. They were, they had a nine inch window to shoot in, threw a a tree And, they hit this guy and took him out with one shot.


They shouldn't have been put in that position at all, and why the hell they were behind a tree? Observing vulnerable high ground again is a mystery we're gonna have to uncover. There's no explanation other than really garbage advanced work, but the shot, from what I'm hearing from unbiased observers who know the details was miraculous because if they don't kill that assassin with that shot, folks, that guy is going to shoot again and likely kills wounds. Either secret service people in the crowd or President Trump. There were two miracles that day.


Okay? Something I wanna address here too, and folks, I'm gonna be straight up and candid with you here. This is no time for bullshit, okay? This Washington Post article last night went Nuclear Secret Service encourages Trump campaign to stop outdoor rallies. Look at this. I got the goosebumps already. You see that folks, I'm torn on this And I. I I I, I must say upfront, it's hard for me to not be biased. I'm just telling you right now, I, I have to be candid with you. I like President Trump as a friend a lot and I'm not sure right now I'm thinking as a friend and out of a loyalty and honor of a friend or thinking as a former secret service agent, political operative, and an observer of the tactical situation.


There's a side of me that states the obvious And I. Think a lot of you think this as well. Well, we have a $6 trillion government, a $3 billion secret service. Now, you're interfering in the election by telling President Trump his best asset, outdoor rallies that they can't hold them. You are a hundred percent correct. Let me just, I would stop the show right here to avoid any miscommunication with you if I could. You are correct. The Secret Service has a $3 billion budget. The government has a $6 trillion spending appetite, 4 trillion in tax revenue. You are telling me that you are going to interfere in President Trump's election activities because you can't do your job.


It's absolutely inexcusable. But I'm asking you for a second to see my side of it. Acknowledging, I'm acknowledging I'm not objective here. I'm telling you with the people in charge right now, which I'm gonna get to in a second, and the new acting director, I'm telling you as a friend to President Trump, if they do outdoor events, I'm not sure he is safe. You see the, you guys, are you guys living this with me here? That what's that? They, they did make 'em unsafe. They, they did. But do you see where I'm going with this? That there's a side of me that says, you've gotta be kidding me.


You're gonna interfere in an election because you can't do your freaking job. And then the other side of me knowing the people in charge, now I know them personally. I know they failed before 'em, a likely fail before and will likely fail again. That we have two choices right now that this guy could get dead before the election or we could do our thing and hope and pray that the incompetence doesn't stop. Folks, I don't, I don't have an answer for you. I, I don't don don't. This is one of the few times on the air where I came into a show intentionally without an answer because I don't, I don't have one.


He can't win if he's dead. He just said it, right? But, but I wonder sometimes, you know, with all the cheating and stuff, can he win if they allow him to determine his election schedule? Either Folks, here's another angle of this, don don't think you've considered, that's a good point by the way. I mean obvious one but a good one. Indoor arenas are gonna come under intense political scrutiny. Not to host President Trump. That's not a problem outdoors. You can go out in any field, grab any farmer, he'll let you use their property. You see why I am torn? I see a lot of people on the left and be like, oh, what's a big deal? If he's gonna get 10,000 people, he can just do it indoors. You are the same idiots who are gonna pressure these indoor arenas not to host them.


Basically icing out his entire campaign, how he's gotta win another presidential campaign. What do you mean another one? He's already won one. He debated Joe Biden and forced him out. Now he's gotta win another one. And you're saying he can't do his greatest thing. Outdoor rallies. This is, they've created a real problem for people like me and you. Now, because I never talk without receipts. Here is why I'm not confident that they can do their job right now under the current restraints and leadership and keep this guy alive. I didn't just pull this outta my ass. Axios.


Ron Rowe is the new director. Ladies and gentlemen known this guy. It's not personal. Never rude to me folks. This guy has been part of the management disaster of the secret service. I'm getting from multiple people. Nobody's happy with this guy. This guy is not the answer right now. He is part of the problem. I want you to look at this here. This is a Biden guy, okay? This is a Biden guy. What will you need to know about new acting director Ron Rowe? Are you comfortable putting Trump out there under this guy? Roe was appointed in April of last year as the deputy director, a role that granted him direct oversight of daily investigative and protective operations.


April of last year, he was in charge of investigations and protective operations as the number two official folks. This guy was part and parcel to the entire management scandal. And someone just sent me a copy of an email he sent out to the entire workforce accepting the acting director spot. And here you want me to read something to you on the air? Hold on. You wanna, you guys, you guys wanna hear this? Here's a line. This is from his email. He says, as all of you know, Kim Cheadle stepped down as our director. She led the secret service with integrity and vision. The agency owes her a debt of gratitude that can never be repaid.


Our organization is a better place because of her nearly three decades of service. Holy shit folks. That's a real email. You are telling me this guy's gonna be the cleanup artist gonna keep Donald Trump alive. Holy guy I've ever heard defending Justin just said it. Is this the only human being on planet earth defending Kim Cheadle? Who the hell's dumb idea was to put that out? The answer is 'cause Kim Cheadle knows that Ron Rowe has been a part of this protection debacle. Folks, you remember this story. Kristin Taylor at Gateway Pundit covered this covering my show.


Dan Bonino says they're gonna get this guy hurt. Notice the date on this January of 2024. Holy shit folks. It's almost August. Yeah, no kidding. January 20, 24. Secret Service agents ordered not to wear red ties 'cause President Trump Wears Red ties. Folks, I'm getting from multiple sources that that edict came down by Ron Rowe. So instead of preoccupying yourself with an enhanced security footprint around President Trump, we're too worried about the color ties agents were wearing. And you think this guy, you are comfortable putting him outside again.


You see the problem I have right now, don't put him outside. He runs the risk of losing. Put him outside. He runs the risk of dying folks. It gets worse. Ro was the deputy director likely making a lot of these executive decisions for Kim Cheadle about the protection footprint around President Trump. This guy's now the acting director. You think he's gonna clean up his own garbage? He'd have to admit he's wrong. This is going from bad to worse quickly. And I gotta tell you. I'm getting nervous. This is turning into 1968 all over again.


I'll take a quick break and I'm gonna show you something, a clip here that matters. I told you this yesterday when Kim Cheadle said, well, I personally didn't say no to enhance security around President Trump. Well, if she didn't, who did? Ron Rowe was in charge as the deputy director. You getting this folks?


Many Americans are tired and frustrated by the stalling economy, inflation, endless wars, and the relentless assault on our values. Thankfully, there's companies out there like Patriot Mobile that still believe in America and our rights. I've been with 'em a long time. I'm proud to partner with 'em. Patriot Mobile's on the front lines, fighting for our rights. The sanctity of life. Our first responders, our military heroes too. Take a stand for conservative causes and put America first by switching to Patriot Mobile today. Get a lot of emails from listeners switching over. They love it. You get the same nationwide coverage as the big providers 'cause Patriot Mobile operates across all three major networks. Plus they back their service with a coverage guarantee. That 100% US based customer service team will find the best plan for your needs. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot right now. Get a free month when you sign up and use the offer code. Dan. Don't get fooled by other providers pretending to share your values or have the same coverage. They don't And they can't. Join me and switch to America's only Christian conservative mobile provider, Patriot Mobile. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month to service today. That's Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Thanks Patriot. Mobile.


Folks, I'm in a real, real row to Liberty. 8 28. That's that Liberty 8 28. You get our comment of the day. Can we get a little comment of the day thing that goes off like the fireworks thing in the background when we hit new records or something the guys listen, this is a serious matter. And I. Hope you in the chat. Do you guys get where I'm going with this ple A yes or a no? I'm in a real, as a personal friend to President Trump. Divorce yourself from all. Imagine your friend. Imagine your friend. Either go outside and do outdoor rallies and win this thing, but put yourself at risk or go do indoor rallies which don't have the same energy and they're probably gonna get you boycotted in these places, right?


And then run the risk of being safer, but staying alive. Die or win. Die or potentially or win. I sometimes I wish I didn't know as much as I did. These guys they put in charge right now are the same people. They're the same freaking people. Nothing's changed at all. Here, I want you to listen to this again. I rarely play clips twice, but Lauren Bobert nailed that hearing. Nailed it. She asked a very specific question. Did you turn down requests for enhanced security by Donald Trump's detail? She even mentions the name of the person who did it.


Special agent in charge, Sean Curran. He was in charge of Donald Trump's detail. Notice her shady kg answer. She blames people underneath her. The person underneath her was Ron Rowe. If anybody's responsible for that, it's him according to her. Check this out. Have You ever turned down enhanced security requests from Donald Trump's detail, his special agent in charge, Sean Koran? Have you ever turned that down? No, I have not. Have there been re has? Has your team has a secret service? Maybe not you personally. I believe, as I mentioned earlier, there are times when requests are made for assets And you have denied them.


They have been denied and A denial doesn't. Has The Trump campaign made for additional assets that have been denied? Denial doesn't mean vulnerability. Now, you see why she's the former director. But notice when Bobert, who catches her in the lie and laughs in her face, says, what about people underneath you? She then switches the argument and implicitly acknowledges that's the case. The guy underneath her is the new acting director. I'd rather have Cheatle bag. I mean, who's worse? Is this for real? Is anyone ever gonna take responsibility for this? Folks, listen to me and Daniel Larkin, that douche bag and NBC news.


Who called me a conspiracy theorist for saying Trump was in danger? Listen, one, you can go eff yourself 'cause you're a piece of human filth, garbage, and waste. Who should for? Who should resign from the media immediately. You are an accomplice for putting President Trump in danger for ignoring the threat and then calling out people, highlighting attention to it. You asshole write to peace again. He is still in danger, folks. He does not have competent people going in there and redoing and remaking the footprint around him. He doesn't. They've thrown a few extra assets at it. It's not gonna be enough. The guy is still in danger.


Here's this other moron, my orcas, who again is an accomplice in this scandal. I want you to listen to this clip from a week ago. Nobody in charge who played any significant role in putting Donald Trump's life in dangers left Kim Cheadle. Kim Cheadle iss like, oh, I had nothing to do with it. People underneath me did it. She's the only one gone listen to this On that. Does do you? Does the president have confidence in the secret service director after Saturday's Failures? I have 100% confidence in the director of the United States State Secret Service. I have 100% confidence in the United States Secret Service.


No one has taken a shred of responsibility for this thing. Ron Rowe, the new director, sends out an email thanking, sends an email thanking Kim Cheadle for her service. It's a better place because of her. You got a guy killed. Do you understand? Someone was just murdered. Corey comparator was murdered. Two people weren shot in addition to Donald Trump. Are you shitting me, man? This guy's the acting director. What the, is this bizarro superman land? Can you put up the Axios thing again about Roe please?


I just wanna be sure you understand this again in case you think I'm making this up. He's been the deputy director since April of last year. The cocaine story, the January 6th text quote. He has direct oversight. This is Axios, not Dan. Bonino. Ron Row had direct oversight of daily investigative and protective operations cocaine game, the January 6th text, the failure on at the Trump rally to keep Corey comparator alive and Donald Trump from being shot. He had direct oversight. This guy's in charge Now.


you see why I'm struggling with this? Here's Congressman Jim Comer asking again the same question of bobert. Ronald Rowe was in charge direct oversight of daily protective operations. Axios. Here's Comer asking again about assets for that day, the day of the attempted assassination and the murder of Corey comparator. Cheeto doesn't wanna answer. Roe was her number two with direct oversight. Check this out for Eight. Before July 13th, had the Trump detail requested additional resources.


What I can tell you is that for the event on July 13th, the details that were re request the the assets that were requested for that day were given. Okay, my time is, Do you see what this sleazeball did? Who caught it in the chat? You guys catch it? That's not the question Comer asked. The sleaze. The question he asked is before July 13th in the assassination attempt, which President Trump denied assets, the reason she didn't answer it and went back to the day of is because the answer is yes, there's an email trail and Roe had direct oversight of protective operations.


Axios, this is a huge scandal. They are lying. And I'm gonna say what I said on my radio show yesterday, And, you know who I'm talking to. You are running out of time. Listen to me. There are people who can protect you for blowing the whistle. You are next You. know who I'm talking to. You are running out of time to speak up. Stop being small. you know what happened. Speak up right now.


They're coming for you next. I can't tell you this in any stronger terms. You know everything. And it is time for you to speak up. Stop leaving people like me to hang out here. Big people do big things. Speak up. Life's calling you the phone up. You were involved in one of the biggest political scandals, the failure of security in the last 150 years. You will be written about in history books. You have an opportunity to get on the record about what happened.


It is time for you to talk. There are people that can protect you. Stop hiding. You wanna be big time then do big things. A guy was murdered. You were all witnesses to it and your security plan and the failure of it was a big puzzle piece in that murder. Speak up man. I'm telling you right now. Listen to me. You are getting the worst advice I have ever seen.


Speak up, Now, you are absolutely running out of time because the questions are coming about you. Next You know I'm talking to, All right? I am gonna take a quick break. And then folks, there's something troubling me, really troubling me outside of this whole apocalyptic disaster. There's a lot of people taken for granted. This Kamala Harris race on our side a lot. People who think, oh, the cackler, the laugher in chief. Now this is gonna be a cakewalk. You are insane if you think that the media is all, did you see it this morning?


I want you to do me a favor, okay? During the break, during the break between shows, go to Instagram, look at Don Jr's account. Don Jr. Put up a screenshot about Kamala Harris being the border czar. We know she was the border czar. The media called her the border czar and Biden put her in charge of the border. I have the video for you. The fact checkers are already running massive disinformation campaigns. Well, technically she wasn't charge of the border. She was in charge of root causes. It's already starting. Folks. The massive media censorship interference in the election from these fuck wads is happening already. It's happening, right? Now, you better get out there and vote like we're five or six points behind because I'm not sure.


We aren't right now. She's the worst candidate I've ever seen, including Biden. It doesn't mean the media will not interfere and try to rehabilitate her. I'm gonna show you who Kamala Harris really is coming up next. Quick break.


Hey, you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Listen, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. It takes a really heavy toll on your body, your health, your emotional health. But guess what? There's hope on the horizon. It comes in the form of beams Dream powder. It's a game changer has been for me. When we're sleeping well, we're sharper more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws our way. And today my listeners get a special discount on Beam's Dream Powder. It's a science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleep is never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of reishi magnesium, L-theanine, apigenin, and melatonin to help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. You wanna try it? Beam's bestselling dream powder. They're offering Bongino listeners an exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you Go to shop Beam dot com slash Bongino and use code Bongino at checkout. That's shop BEA m.com/ Bongino and use code Bongino for up to 45% off.


And our last sponsor day before I get back to the cler in Chief MyPillow, we had a big week with my pillow. You've asked and MyPillow listen. They're finally bringing you the most requested offer forever. Get the queen size premium MyPillow now for only 1998. MyPillow is made with patented adjustable fill and adjust your exact individual sleep needs regardless of your sleep position, helps keep your neck aligned and holds its shape all night long so you get the best sleep of your life. But that's not all. Get their six piece kitchen or bath towel sets only $25. The towels are great. The brand new mattress topper as low as 69 98. Their famous MyPillow bedsheets as low as $25 and much more. So go to MyPillow dot com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Use promo code Dan to get huge discounts on all the MyPillow products, including the premium queen size MyPillow, only 1998. That's the lowest price ever. Don't delay order today. Thank you MyPillow.


Again, do not underestimate Kamala Harris. I am gonna give you an honest take here. I'm gonna give you the bad news upfront if you don't think she's got a shot of winning this thing, you are crazy. Everything you say is gonna be hilariously titled racist or misogynist. A woman's incompetent. Whether it has anything to do with her XXXY chromosomes makes no difference. Or she's an absolute incompetent with a history of just ridiculous decision making and outrageous positions on everything from reparations to student loan payoffs to confiscatory taxes to open borders. She's a lunatic. She's always been a lunatic. You're gonna have to fight through CPO and misinformation and election interference.


But I'm gonna give you the other side as well. The good news is the launch has not gone well. I don't care what they tell you about. Oh, 81 quadrillion dollars were raised. I don't buy any of it. By the way, here was Chuck Schumer yesterday trying to gin up excitement for what summer calling the second coming of a Barack Obama candidate you've heard of, which is hilarious. They're they. She has zero political skills at all here, check this out. So now that the process has played out from the grassroots bottom up, we are here today to throw our support behind Vice President Kamala Harris. I'm clapping. You don't have to.


You got Koons up next, right? Christopher Koons. Okay, here's the problem they're gonna have going forward and why it's gonna be difficult to gin up excitement for Kamala Harris. Folks, she's got a classic dilemma here. Harris can't take credit for the Biden administration policies because Biden's at 32, 30 5% approval even whatever, 37. And no president's ever been reelected for that. She can't say, Hey, I'm Joe Biden's underling. Look what we did. That's part one. You got it? Prong number one of her problem prong number two is this. If she tries to separate herself from Biden, it's says, well, I was the underling, but that's not really my bag of donuts.


I've got my own bag of donuts. Look at what I stand for. Then you go look, which I'm gonna show you in a minute. And it's even worse. Open borders, horrible public safety posture, disbanding ice, defunding the police. It's even worse than Biden. And she's got one major problem. She's not gonna be able to shake it. None of this should be taken as this positive folks, I'm just telling you, we gotta address the good and the bad. She must have known about Biden's incompetence because she was right next to him. And if she wasn't right next to him the whole time, that means a guy who was incompetent, trusted you so little, he didn't even want you around.


You get you get where I'm going with that. Here's a, you get the other dilemma she has. Oh, I was right next to Biden in every decision. I'm so important. Really? You didn't notice he's losing his mind or, oh, I had nothing to do with him. He never kept me around. So the guy loses his mind. Didn't even trust you. You see the messaging, the every fork she runs into in the road leads off the same cliff. Here's Christopher Kons, who realizes this is in a left wing. And. I. Think this is, what is it? CNN or something like that. He doesn't even know how to answer this on CNN. He was. He's like best friends with Biden was one of his campaign honchos. Senator Chris Kons. Check this out. Kamala Harris knew that President Biden wasn't up to four more years. I mean, they would say that about you I think as well.


And they're gonna allege a coverup. They're gonna say she knew. She covered it up. How do you answer that charge considering what we have seen transpire over the last month. First, I think it's BS second. I don't think it's particularly relevant. They don't know how to answer this. You don't think it's relevant that the woman running for president right now and the Democrat ticket noticed a clearly deteriorating cognitive disordered president and lied to the American people about it, creating a national security situation. By the way, here's that Don Junior Post. Kamala Harris owns the entire left wing policy record. The only difference is she's more liberal. She was put in charge of the border and we saw the worst invasion of illegals in our history and an absolutely factual statement.


And this piece of garbage USA today fact checker with no human dignity, whose parents probably tell people they have no living children wrote an article. No, she wasn't in charge of border. She was in charge of root causes. The media is full bore. Is it it? False information, folks reviewed by fact checkers. You don't think she could win? The media is going to do an absolute 180 right now and do everything they can to paint. Kamala Harris is the next Barack Obama. and by the way, what's at the source of a lot of the schism not to get off track? I'm gonna show you in a second who Kamala Harris really is between the camps and the Democrat party.


Why is Obama, why didn't he immediately endorse Harris? Because of something you've known about on this show for 10 years. 10 years. If you've been, you're a P one who's an original listener. Barack Obama and Biden hate each other. Obama liked Kamala Harris before they were actually friendly You know why he doesn't like her now? Because he associates her with with Joe Biden. Here, look, political playbook. Don't believe me. Believe them. They're lefties. They know him. Joe Biden and his son are playing this victimhood thing. I was mistreated under Barack Obama said, one senior administration official. They hate each other. I've told you this over and over.


Joe Biden thinks he made Barack Obama who he was. And Barack Obama knows Joe Biden's an idiot. I saw it. They hate each other. You're gonna see this play out going forward. 'cause now there's an Obama Harris schism developing again. You're like 10 years ahead of the news cycle here. Now they've got a real problem with Kamala, Ty, Kamala Harris to Joe Biden's administration, which has been historically unpopular or tell people no, Kamala Harris is something different. Look at a record. Okay? Then you go look at a record and you get stuff like this. Here is Joe Biden on video for that DBA USA today fact check.


Who's an embarrassment to humankind? Here's Joe Biden telling America that Kamala Harris was gonna be in charge of the border crisis. We have to show you idiots videos. The entire border disaster is on Kamala's back. Check this out. I've asked her the VP today, because she's the most qualified person to do it, to lead our efforts with Mexico and the Northern Triangle and the country's that help us. We're gonna need help in stemming the movement of so many folks stemming the migration to our southern border. You know these pieces of shit out there in this journalism.


It it, they lie and put you in danger every single day by attacking people like Don Jr. When what they're saying is absolutely false and the video proves it. There's an Axios article out there telling people, but Kamala Harris has been appointed the border czar. She is in charge of the worst invasion of the United States in human history. So she can either marry herself to that or she can say, no, I'm even more liberal. And I don't wanna border at all. Here's Kamlan an interview she did. Not even Joe Biden suggested we should completely dismantle ice.


Listen to her imply exactly that in this interview. You don't even want any border control at all. This, this type of PO You think this is gonna win over Middle America and border states, Arizona, you paying attention? New Mexico, Southern California, Texas. Listen to this. Check this out. A lot Of the signs that the rally you just held were people standing there saying, abolish ice. Yeah. Is that a position that you agree with? Listen, I think there's no question that we've got to critically reexamine ice and its role and the way that it is being administered and the work it is doing. And we need to probably think about starting from scratch. Starting from scratch.


Now, I'm sure the fact checkers will go scratch. Could mean there was a skin irritation that required a cortisone treatment and a mild rub with Hunter Biden. You better be careful with that. What do you think she's saying? This is who Kamala Harris really is. Let me restate the problem again. Tie yourself to the Biden administration and his failures or tell people to look at who you really are, which is even worse than the Biden administration. But what about Kamala Harris on public safety?


I mean, she's running as the hardcore prosecutor, right? You know she was a big defund. The policer. Do You know that she's one of those that's reimagine policing, which was code word and euphemism for cutting cops from the street. She's not even You know. She's not even clear on if more, more cops on the street are actually a good or a bad thing. Don't listen to me. Listen to her. Check this out. Let's talk about America's failure when it comes to understanding how you create safe communities. And by that I mean this. It is outdated. It is wrongheaded thinking. To think that the only way you're gonna get communities to be safe is to put more police officers on the street.


What we have to do, and what we will do is reimagine public safety. Folks. She's a defund. The policer man. Just to be clear on who this woman really is. Everything you dislike about Joe Biden, everything is magnitudes worse with this loser. Everything. There is a reason when she's running a national level. She bailed before even getting a single vote in Iowa because she sucked. That doesn't mean she cannot win and do not get cocky.


The media is going to interfere in this election. 100%. They're already doing it with their fake fact checks. And believe me, there are a lot of people out there, especially liberals, they don't pay attention to the news. They'll believe that that Kamala Harris wasn't in charge of the border. They'll believe that kind of stupid. They'll believe. She's a big prosecutor, supporter of public safety. She was a defund. The Policer man, Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, you big city folks out there have a crime problem. You want this as your next president. Are you serious?


Now let me talk to a separate group of people. The working man or woman union folks too. You've got nice health insurance, I hope. Private sector plans. You can take care of your family and your health. You don't have to worry. You get the flu and you're gonna die. You like your plan. You wanna keep it You know Kamala Harris is a supporter of government-run healthcare. Right? Where bureaucrats are gonna take your healthcare plan away from you. Go look it up. Kamala Harris, Bernie Sanders Healthcare Plan You know she supports the Bernie Sanders healthcare plan. She made one minor tweak to it. She wants the government to take over healthcare, but not in a four year timeline. Only in 10. Oh, great.


So if you're not 90 and gonna be dead in the 10 next 10 years, hopefully not. But if something like that, you're gonna lose your healthcare in what? Instead of four, 10 years under Kamala Harris' Vision. Do You know she was a government-run healthcare supporter Who wants to steal your insurance plan? I shouldn't have to do this. The media is doing this, should be doing this. But they won't. They're gonna run cover and fake fact checks because they suck And. they are straight up Commies. Don't listen to me here. Listen to Kamala herself. Check this out. As we talk about moving toward a single payer system, I think that there is certainly momentum and energy around that. Ladies and gentlemen, the single payer is government.


She supports government run healthcare. She has said it multiple times there. Thank you Justin Medicare for all. Kamala Harris signed on to Cerner, Senator Bernie Sanders, Medicaid for all bill, which would eliminate private insurance and transfer everyone to a single payer government run program. And then introduced her own competing plan that would allow private plans to compete with public ones, which will never happen. When the government takes over, she is going to steal your insurance. Just look. It's right there. These are on left wing search engines, by the way. I don't know what the hell hella, but the care is.


but I understand. You typed that in really fast. If you watch it on Rumble, you get hella the care. My, you might what? You, I know I'm a I'm a i I hunt and pack two on a keyboard, so I'm terrible. So I told you she signed on Bernie Sanders plan. That's SCR goal telling you that how many receipts you need. Oh, let me throw a few more at you. You like low gas prices? You like the idea of not paying $72 a gallon of gas? Kamala Harris doesn't. One of the things that keeps our energy ecosystem running is hydraulic fracturing otherwise owned as fracking.


It's one of the cleanest sources of fuel we have Natural gas you in Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania voters listed up you in Ohio where they have a natural gas plays too. Good luck. Your job is gone. If she gets elected, she's already said repeatedly, she wants to ban fracking, dry up natural gas, shoot up the cost of energy in this country. Don't listen to me. Listen to her. Check this out. There's No question. I'm in favor of banning fracking. So yeah, and, and, and starting and starting with what we can do on day one around public lands, right? There's, there's no question. She just said she's gonna go right to public lands where a lot of this fracking is being conducted and she's gonna shut it off.


And then she's gonna shut off the spigot on private lands too. Don't listen to Dan Bonino. Listen to her. How is this woman gonna win Pennsylvania with the Marcellus, all those plays, those natural gas plays, everything. You realize if you're working in those fields, you're out there roughnecking it every day. Your job is literally at risk. But don't worry, she has a solution. Kamala Harris wants to transition you to put like solar panels up on the roof or something. Transition. That can mean a lot of things. She probably wants to transition you in other ways too. She wants to transition you. She doesn't give a shit about your job. She wants you putting a solar panel on, on someone's roof or something.


Whether you wanna do it or not. Take a look. What Is the solution for voters Who have jobs And interests in the fossil fuel industry? Well, for the workers in that industry, we have to one, one. We have to encourage that those industries do better in terms of giving the workers an ability to transition into the jobs of the future, such as renewable energy. Here's the last piece of bad news. And. I. Want to get back to the Secret Service story before we close out today? 'cause this is really important. You guys leave with this. It is super important. You understand? One more quick video. I gave you the bad news upfront.


She can absolutely win this race. Anyone telling you otherwise, it's bullshitting you and you better vote like we're 10 points down. I am serious. Bring 10 people with you. When I see people at book signings, I tell 'em, you're gonna vote You know what they say. They put up two hands, 10, we're bringing 10, 10 people with you. My daughter just got her vote by mail the other day. Everybody's gotta vote. Her polling is terrible. But the media is gonna try to rescue her And. they may And, they still have their convention coming up where it's gonna be three straight days of Donald Trump as Hitler don't rely exclusively on his polling. But it's not great right now. Check this out, Steve. All along the polls were really neck and neck between Donald Trump and Joe Biden.


Although there had been some slippage for President Biden after that debate. How does Kamala Harris fair against the former president? I mean, the short answer is not really any better. Take a look at this. This is the average of all the polls you're talking about there since the debate that tested Kamala Harris against Donald Trump. Trump. 47% Harris, 46% in this same set of polls when it was Joe Biden. 47% for Trump and 45% for Biden. So her polling's not great, but you can count on the media to do their best to try to redeem her and pull her up. A couple points, remember folks, one of the reasons they wanted Joe Biden out of the race is 'cause this polling was so bad.


If they decide to cheat, it would've been unbelievable. They just need her within a few points. So a victory is believable. If they decide to cheat enough in enough different swing states in a number of different swing states, pay very close attention. Hey, listen, I'm gonna wrap up where we started 'cause this is important. Please don't go anywhere, folks. Donald Trump is in real danger right now. Please don't gaff off that article, even though it's the Washington Post, which is a, a sham of a, of a journalistic outfit. They're a joke and an embarrassment. I've been assured by people that that conversation did happen between the Secret Service and the Trump team, that they've been warning President Trump not to do outdoor rallies.


This has created a situation. The people in charge right now are incompetent. They don't know what they're doing. Joe Biden's team would never in a million years reach out to me. but I can think of five or six people qualified right now to go in as the acting director of the Secret Service, clean up this security mess. It would take about a month or so and get these guys back out there out on the trail guy and lady at this point where they can do their thing. don don't want Kamala Harris hurt either. I think that's fairly obvious. It's not what we do in this country. And anyone calling for that, I'm sorry, this is not your show. I didn't spend 12 years of my life protecting Republicans and Democrats to have someone get whacked and anyone else You know part of this audience.


We're not gonna do that. And I know that's not you, but the guy is in real danger. The people in charge right now, and the acting director is part and parcel of the scandal that led up to this security nightmare. The Axios themselves reported it. So I'm gonna ask something. Everybody paying attention, email your congressman today and to the congressman and the staffers listening, you need to FOIA the communications between the management team of the DTD, the Donald Trump detail, and Ron Rowe, who was the deputy director, and at times when he was, I believe the assistant director of Protection protective Operations, And I. Think you're gonna find that this insufficient security footprint surrounding Donald Trump that led to this disaster just over a week ago, that these people knew about it and covered it up.


The fact that there, this guy's, the acting director now should bring about no confidence in you whatsoever that Donald Trump is safe. I wish I had an easy answer for you, but I can't have this guy get hurt. I can't, and I'd be lying to you if I said I thought he was safe right now in outdoor rallies. But he's gotta do 'em. He's gotta do 'em. He's gotta get out there. There is no easy answer to this, none. I'm not convinced they're up to it technology wise, because if they give the, here's the problem. If they give the resources now, everyone's gonna ask a question. Why didn't you have the same resources before?


And it's gonna point to the fact that this guy, the acting director now and Kim Cheadle who just left, they denied him. This is just, again, a total freaking disaster for his public safety situation. And I'm, I'm, I'm really horrified. We're in this situation now. Hey folks, thanks again for tuning in. Thanks everyone who picked up the Bongino Army shirts. We appreciate it. We're always trying to do new stuff for you. We You know the money goes to charity, our proceeds from it, so we really appreciate it. We did. It was a hundred thousand dollars to Folds of honor thanks to your purchases there. We really appreciate it. And I'll say once more, if you wanna pick up this book library, whatever you've borrowed from your friend, don, don't really care.


I'm not really, I wrote it years ago who the hell knows even has the right suit anymore. But it's called Protecting the President Diagnosis. Pretty much everything you're gonna see wrong with the Secret Service chapter by chapter. It's a short book. It's only like 30,000 words. You could probably read it easily in a, in a, in a three hour plane ride. But once you're done with it, you'll be like, you wrote this 10 years ago. Sounds like you wrote it 10 minutes ago. Thanks again for tuning in. Download the Rumble app Rumble dot com slash Bongino every day at 11:00 AM Join us for the show. We really appreciate it. Don't forget to download and follow a Vita's show as well. She had 8,000 streamers this morning. She was a top 100 podcast in her first week on launch. It is Rumble dot com slash Bongino report for her show every morning at 9:00 AM We really appreciate it.


It was a great show this morning. See you back here and follow us both on Apple and Spotify. It helps us stay on the charts. We really appreciate it. We're a top five show this week. Thanks a lot. See you here on the radio show in a few minutes. Back here tomorrow. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.