
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. So I got three fingers up. For those of you listening on audio only, why do I have three fingers up? Any ideas? Because there were three words that matter. If you read the title of today's show, you'll get the cheat sheet. Total freaking Personnel Warfare. Okay, that's four words. I threw a freaking in there, But it really doesn't count. Total personnel warfare. Total personnel warfare. That's all that matters. If you don't understand that government isn't policy. Yes it is. We live in a constitutional public.


It's Funny, you really believe that A constitutional republic is a suggestion if people don't enforce it, right? People are policy. You get constitutionalists and conservatives in there. You got a constitutional republic, you get Joe Biden, Barack Obama, Kamala Harris, and the come's in there. You have a suggestion of a constitutional republic, sorry, total personnel warfare. Everybody has to go. If you were involved in the tyranny of the last four disgusting years of Biden or the prior aid of Obama, you gotta go. If you said nothing, very sorry, Jack or Margaret or Karen or whatever your name is, Bonino Army.


Also in the chat. Are we ready for cash? Patel Orders have been given from the top. We got Secretary Heg sat through. We got Sean Duffy's getting through today. Department of Transportation, Scott Bessons through with Treasury, Christie Nomans through with DHS Mission and that part accomplished. The mission isn't accomplished. However, cash Patel, we gotta get it done. No time for popping the bubbly. Get it done. We are the Bonino Army, the most powerful force in the Magos sphere. There is no second place. There's only us. Get it done.


Get it done. We got a lot to talk about today. Came out a little hot by the way. New shirt available. As always, all of my proceeds go to charity so it's for a good cause. Liberation Day 1 20 20 25. available@store.bonino.com. I'm wearing the shirt right now. Liberation Day is here. Donald Trump has declared it. Liberation Day and quasi National Holiday Liberation Day is here. You want the shirt? You wanna rep the cause store, do bonino.com. Alright, we got a lot going on today, including a big congratulations for my, my partner in Bonino, Inc. The great Avita Duffy. We'll get to that in a minute.


Hey, remember when the internet was a place you could go to be free? Unfortunately now many of us go online knowing we're being constantly tracked. Your internet service provider can see your entire browsing history and in the US they're legally allowed to take this information and sell it to other third parties. That's why I use Express VPN Express. VPN is a virtual private network that reroutes 100% of my online activity through a secure, encrypted set of servers, shielding it from the prying eyes of my internet service provider and other third parties. Express VPN also hides my IP address. That's the number that identifies me on the internet. It means data brokers can't track me. I don't want 'em tracking me. It's my privacy. It takes just one tap to connect works on all your devices can be used on up to eight devices at once, which is more than enough to protect everyone under your roof. So If you wanna return to the good old days of online privacy and freedom, get express vpn, you can use my special link to get four extra months of express VPN for free@expressvpn.com slash bonino. That's ex P-R-E-S-S express vpn.com/bonino.


Alright, fellas, ring that bell If you would. Total personnel ears is here. But first, a big thank you to you guys. I love to celebrate success because I'm a freaking entrepreneur and I believe in merit and I'm so proud of what we, we, we, we we put together. Not I we I can't do jack shit without you guys. Triton did their 2024 review of the whole podcast space. You'll see Dan Bongino Show finished this the number six podcast of the year. Thank you very much. But forget about me. This isn't about me. This is about celebrating someone. I've got a good eye for talent man, and I knew I was right. The number one podcast debut of 2024 drum roll please is Bonino report early edition with Avita Duffy.


Congratulations. Bonino Army on making Avita Duffy the biggest launch of 2024 on the Bonino report. What is it? rumble.com/slash bonino report. Bonino report. You go there, watch every morning nine o'clock. Avita Duffy, thank you for making us the biggest launch out there with Avita. You all are wonderful Bonino Army. You guys are the best. Okay, getting back to the show. Total personnel warfare folks, this show is always a week or two weeks or sometimes months ahead of the news cycle. Why? Because we're not liberal media morons and we just process information. There's nothing special about what we do. We read, we process, we deliver to you in digestible forms.


We told you a couple of weeks ago, or actually right after the election, that cutesy time was over and that the only way to change the government was gonna be to change the people. We can change the policy later, but we already have a constitutional framework to operate on. It just takes people that respect it. So I said we've gotta get rid of everyone, as you can see by this tweet, by the great Julie Kelly Politico. I'm putting up her tweet to give her some recognition rather than Politico because I can't stand them. But Politico is reporting that quote, fear is gripping the Department of Justice. Yes, as Trump's new appointees waste no time purging the agency of rotten apples. Quote, firing at least a dozen who worked on two criminal cases against him.


Ladies and gentlemen, if there was ever, you know what's coming, what's coming? Does anybody know I You ever see the Bruce Lee movies where after he kicks your ass and he punches you, he stops and flexes the biceps in the pose and he makes the face. He goes, You ever seen that? Yeah. You know what I'm talking about, right? Yeah. Cry. He bought me karate man. Apparently Karate man is a yugi o thing dude. Karate man. If there was ever a karate man, it's here folks.


Listen, Langs are Trump ain't fucking around. I, I don't know. When you win the media and you clowns in the left and you, oh look at it. Karate man. Karate man is blowing up the shot again with Karate Man. Of course a couple people put a couple Rockham sock HIMSS in there too. That's appropriate too. Rockham sock hims. We have the Donald Trump Rockham song 'cause I broke the actual thing. We have liberal screaming Karen or Margaret Rockham sock. These things don't break, man. Dammit the ring broke. But these suckers are robust man. The rock of Sockers. Yes.


This is how we fix this place. You are not gonna fix shit if we do what we did in 2016 where we change a bunch of policies and laws and then get a bunch of people in there who don't wanna, who wanna slow walk everything, we're not gonna change shit. Trump is not fucking around man. People are getting let go left and right and media folks and Libs get ready. We are in stage one of the FAF FO agenda and you're just foing. Now there is a lot more foing that's gonna happen. The Foing hasn't stopped. It's not gonna stop. The Trump administration is starting to realize rock em so robots, It's the only way to go If you get a ball in there too.


You done? Is that a be, is that like when Vince McMahon with the pin for Brett Hardy, he's like calling the match for he they feel bad for for Blue Rockham sock robots Lady Mar Margaret. She is Name Margaret. There you go. Sorry Margaret. You gotta start getting rid of people. Okay folks, on a serious note, I've tried to explain this before, but some people aren't understanding this. Donald Trump can issue all the EOS he wants. The left fully understands and learned after 2016 that If you can get people inside the government to read the Donald Trump EO and just pepper their bosses with an endless list of questions about it, it's an Alinsky tactic of stalling and delaying.


Nothing is going to happen. There ultimately has to be people on the ground who will implement said poll. Let me just give you an example from just my direct experience because it's what I can speak to directly say the secret service changes a policy on where people can protest. If you are the site agent on the ground and you spend six weeks asking questions, well what about outside the bike rack? Inside the bike rack? In the event outside, they're actually not gonna change anything about the protest zone rule because you're done. You're not done peppering them with questions. You've got to get rid of people. Here's another one, Susan Crabtree exclusive and breaking Trump administration cleans house at U-S-A-I-D for failing to follow Trump's executive orders.


Yes, yes. People's elbow. Give Justin a shout out there. This is how it goes down. Trump issued an executive order and he suspected, according to Susan, that people are conspiring to circumvent his EO on halting federal funds to oversee programs and DEI initiatives. Okay? They chose to what?


They chose to fuck around and Donald Trump had them find out. We're not asking. Listen guys, I don't know what's gonna happen in the midterms. I don't know what's gonna happen in four years. I'm not some ecker tall guy. However, the now is all that matters. The only power is a now, right? We live in the now. The present is just time flushing over us. We're always living in the present and right now we're in charge. So right now we've gotta do shit. And this is how shit gets done. You wanna keep messing around? You're gonna find out because Liberation Day is here And this is what it feels like.


I wanna give you a quick update too on a very important case because Donald Trump and his team I know are demanding answers about this. And this is another reason we cannot let up on Cash. Patel, the exact same heat you applied to get Pete Hegseth to be Secretary Hegseth. You have got to get for Cash Patel to be FBI, director Patel. We are never gonna get answers about who the January 6th pipe armorer was and the full identity and the full story about how an inside job, what if an inside job this was. If we do not get cash in, here's Julie again at Julie Kelly too. You should follow her on acts exclusive new house of reps to report into unsolved J six pipe bomb reveals A once vigorous FBI investigation stopped in early 2021 despite initially devoting massive resources into finding the suspect.


Now Nat, listen to this. Listen to this Bonino army. Are we right or are we right now? Agencies are refusing to cooperate with the House Inquiry. Folks in the chat, what do you tell me what happened? Please. You already know the answer. Why was it a vigorous investigation early on? Because they did not know. Not everyone investigating it knew it was an inside job. I'm telling you, I have a federal agent who was there. I have photos to prove it, who was given instructions to go and be involved in this investigation and was told to stand down just days later once they felt they had some good leads.


Because the FBI knows who this person is and it's an insider. They just don't want you to know who it is 'cause it will blow up the entire January 6th insurrection narrative. You're gonna start asking once you find out who really incited this quote, insurrection agencies are refusing to cooperate with the house inquiry. Gee, I wonder why. Listen, what has two thumbs and beats this dumb ass news cycle every time this cat, okay, I'm telling you, this is an inside job. Cash the freaking check and take it to the bank. That's why they don't want you to know who it is.


You wanna find out? We gotta get cash through. You want it buried forever? Let 'em bury cash. Man, that was a fi reopen. I can tell. 'cause we got 123,000 and we're only 13 minutes in. 'cause the Bonino army, you guys kick ass man. We're number one live stream yesterday with 163,000. You guys rock man. Keep kicking ass and taking names. I'm honored to be a part of this freaking great. We're in charge now. We're in charge folks. Speaking of personnel being policy, immigration, cutesy, time is over.


Borders shut down and I, I'm gonna tell you something. We've got an absolutely incredible one-two punch of personnel of personnel or policy on the border front that are gonna change this country moving forward. You change our border and get us back to a public safety secure border initiative moving forward. The entire country's gonna change. Tom Holman and Steve Miller, you wanna talk about an incredible one-two punch for this FAFO administration. Watch Steve Miller yesterday exposed this Bush League media bullshit. They're already trying the narratives. Oh my gosh, some lady was crying because she wasn't allowed in the country illegally.


So here's Steve Miller and he exposes this reporter's tactic of framing the questions to elicit an emotional response. Folks in the chat, do we care about emotions? No. What do we care about? Fire it up. Who gets it first? What do we care about? I don't care about emotions at all. Who is it? Someone do it. Hell no. Hell no. What do we care about? Who's got it? Oh man, you guys are quick. Oh wait, I got one Billy Beans. Maybe a Moneyball thing going on there. Says, outcomes. You are correct.


And what is the outcome we want? We do not want illegal aliens in the country because it's illegal. Here's Steve Miller exposing this hack. This is glorious to watch. This is how you handle left wing lunatic reporters. Check this out. There's a report from Chicago that there are, there are ice agents that were turned away from a south side elementary school earlier today is, is targeting of schools, targeting of things like this? Something that the administration is comfortable with and we'll continue with. I think the framing of The question is wrong. The, if there's a law enforcement activity that's taking place in the school, then that would be for the protection and defense of a child. As you know, there is a epidemic of child trafficking and labor trafficking in this country when when federal law enforcement officers are turned away from a school, it is the act of turning them away that endangers the lives and safety of children.


We've seen, as you know, half a million children trafficked over a four year period in the United States. This administration is gonna investigate every instance of child trafficking, labor trafficking, sex trafficking, child smuggling, and all the attendant crimes involved in that. And our message to everyone in the country is to cooperate fully with immigration and customs enforcement so that we can end the scourge of child trafficking and child abuse that has been endemic these last four years. I've gotta give a shout out in the chat to Retro Whiskey who has the line of the day so far in the chat, citing the new viral meme from yesterday from Vice President Vance, which is, I don't really care, Margaret don't really care.


You wanna break the law? Oh, I'm gonna hide that. Thank you. Retro whiskey kicking ass and taking names. Member of the Bonino army. Love you guys. I don't really care, Margaret. There's a way to not get locked up outside of a school or a hospital or even, what do you think you're gonna go hide in a school? So just to be clear, you are a criminal in the country illegally and parents want that person to hide inside their kid's school. If you believe that you are as crazy as these liberal reporters talking to us, Steve Miller. We don't really care, Margaret. But thanks for asking people our policy with people like Steve Miller in there who understand how to enforce the law and deal with left-wing lunatics.


We can't lose, combine that with Tom Holman, who is a gift to America. By the way, this guy is an unbelievably nice guy, a really good and decent human being. But that's not besides the point because do we care? I care personally, but do we care for public policy? No. What do we care about? Outcomes. Results. That's all we care about. Who's getting results? T Holman. Here's Tom Holman yesterday doing an interview where this is great. The media again tries to frame the question like, oh my gosh, are we gonna start deporting people on these deportation flights whose only crime is crossing the border illegally?


Which is a crime, by the way. And Holman's like, yeah, yeah. By the way, there'll be more. They thought he was gonna back down. Not only does he not back down, he's like, oh yeah, yeah. And by the way, we're gonna open the aperture and it'll be even more. This is how you do it. This is how you rock 'em. Sock 'em. Robots. This is how rockham soum happens. They hit you with something. You hit 'em with something even worse than when they hit you with, so they don't even know how to respond because they thought you were gonna back down. Watch this. I wanna go back to those military flights going south.


We, as you said, we have never seen that before. Is that going to be a constant commitment from the US military Every single day? Yes. To take Deportees out? Yes. So is this what we will see every single day ending in what the president has promised is millions and millions being deported? Yes. But you can see the number steadily increased the number of arrests nationwide as we open up the aperture right now is concentrating public safety threats, national security threats. That's a smaller population. So we're gonna do this on priority base. That's President Trump's promise. But as that aperture opens, you'll be more arrest nationwide. This the, I don't even know how to describe the greatness of what you just heard.


How with a totally kind of flat affect approach to completely unemotional Martha Ratts is expecting him to say, oh no, we're not gonna go after people who broke the law. I mean, unless you're like a rapist or a murderer. 'cause she thinks she's got him in a corner. Holman says the exact opposite and she has no idea how to respond. Oh no. Once we get the really, really bad people, we're gonna go for the bad people and then we're gonna go to people who broke the law and said, you have to go back. You wanna come back later? Maybe. But I doubt that too. You already broke the law coming here. She doesn't even know what to do. This is how Rockham Soum works.


She don't know what to say. 'cause she's so used to people backing down these, I'm not even gonna tell you what it rhymes with. And the Republican party were like, oh my gosh, no. We have to be the party of compassion bullshit. We have to be the party of results. That's what the American people voted for. I got another Tom Holman clip coming up next. You may have seen this. Selena Gomez, who's an alleged celebrity crying all over. I don't really care about playing the stupid video. She can cry for whatever she wants. Like I said, all I care about is results. There's an easy way not to cry. Don't break the law. And If you ever see Molly's game, by the way, one of my favorite movies, Molly's game, even though it's a bunch of left wing lunatics, 'cause I love playing cards.


Molly's game, the lawyer tells her, don't break the law while you're breaking the law. Do you know what? Don't break the law while you're breaking the law in the legal space. Means, means if you're gonna break the law by crossing the border illegally, it's probably a good idea to not break the law. Like go create a commit a crime in the country. I'm just saying, just an idea. Don't break the law. Why you breaking the law? Another Holman clip. That's a freaking gem. Coming up next on Selena Gomez said, Hey, should we get all emotional about this? You can get emotionally what I care about results. That's it.


Hey, the average person's finding it difficult to pay expenses every month. And in most cases, there's nothing left over to cover any extras. Most aren't getting a big raise. Expenses are up and it's hard to manage without grabbing for credit cards. If you're a homeowner and you're frustrated with that debt cycle, I need you to make a 10 minute, no obligation call today to my friends at American Financing. And if you're constantly carrying a credit card balance each and every month with a rate in the twenties or even thirties, American financing can show you how to put your hard earned equity to work and get you outta debt. The salary based mortgage consultants are saving their customers an average of $800 a month. And If you get started today, you may not have to make next month's mortgage payment. How about that? So no upfront fees. So it cost you nothing to find out how much you can save every month. So call American Financing today. Let me give you the number. 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. That's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. Or you can visit them online. It's a.net address by the way. American financing.net american financing.net. NMLS 1 8 2 3 3 4 NMLS consumer access.org. Thank you. American financing. Check them out.


So, but celebrities are crying. Dad, they're crying. We should allow rapists and murderers and terrorists in the country and millions of unvetted people in every single year because a famous singer allegedly Selena Gomez is crying unlike TikTok or whatever. I mean, Selena Gomez should run for office on open borders if she like, but she'd rather cry on Twitter. So they asked Tom Holman about this on Fox News and probably not the answer Selena Gomez was looking for, check this out. She posted a video sobbing. She was crying in it. She said, all my people are getting attacked with the picture of an a Mexican flag.


Again, she has now taken that down. But what do you say to those who are out there saying that? That these are everyday people, these are families that are being attacked and dragged outta their homes. How do you respond to that? I don't think we arrested any families. We've arrested public, public safety threats and national security threats. Bottom line. And look, president Trump won the election on this one issue, securing our border and saving lives. This what happened on our southern border. Last four is the biggest national security threat. This country scene, at least in my lifetime, because we've got over 2 million known God aways. We've got a 600% increase in sex trafficking. We got a record number of terrorists crossing the border on the terrorist watch list. We have quarter million Americans die Fentanyl coming across the open border.


We're going to do this job and we're gonna force the laws of this country. If they don't like it, then go to Congress and change the law. That's what she can do. Selena Gomez is more than welcome to run for office. She can stop crying and put up some campaign signs. My guess is she won't, just wants to cry. And she deleted that, I guess. Gee, I wonder why. I wonder why she could have deleted that. Maybe she didn't get the response she was looking for. Because the American public is sick of bullshit. That's why. And the open border and they don't wanna hear from freaking crying celebrities anymore. If they did, Kamala Harris would've won it. She got her ass kicked.


Folks, the Rockham sock is real. Okay, look, they even got a Trump face on this thing. Well, we kind of threw that in, But whatever. They don't know how to respond to media. It's coming at them from so many different directions that they have these hour long shows on CNN and M-S-N-B-C. I had a show on Fox, it was an hour. It's really about 42 minutes and you count the intros and the outs. It's really about 40 minutes. Folks in 40 minutes, if they've got 40 Donald Trump EOS to talk about, what are you gonna do? Give them a minute each.


They don't know what to do. I will say this though. They are trying at least to focus right now. As I said to you yesterday on two things, keeping DEI alive and immigration, yeah, they're spending a lot of time on on on other things too. But they're trying to focus on immigration. Why? Because folks, once they lose their demographic destiny, generational war to pump the country full of illegal immigrants so that they don't lose population in liberal states. Lose the House of Representatives in the electoral college. They talk about it all the time. We've already played the montage. They know it's over for them. So they are spending a lot of time on it.


But they're losing folks. Donald Trump has done something absolutely incredible on immigration. I will never forget being part of an activist group in dc. Some of you are in there If you're and and you know the group I'm talking about. Group of real ringers great guys and ladies in there. We would go in and meet in Washington DC after Romney lost. I will never forget some hill staffer, whatever, coming up there and saying, we should never talk about immigration again. The Democrats own this argument. It's over. Donald Trump did something absolutely amazing. Donald Trump not only stole the immigration argument from the left, but he stole it and made it an issue.


We are now up by 22 points on, goes to show you that even Republican so-called experts sometimes don't have their finger on the pulse like a business guy like Donald Trump. Here's CNN's Harry ent. Yes, I said that right? CNN's Harry Enton. Having to acknowledge the obvious that Donald Trump did something incredible on immigration and you're witnessing it in lifetime. They made it a Republican issue instead of a defensive issue. Check this out. And what am I seeing? I just wanna know how different things are from where we were when Donald Trump first took office and how much more the American people are on, on the side of Republicans than they were eight years ago.


So trust which party more on immigration. You go back to April of 2017. Look at this. The Democrats held an 11 point advantage over Republicans. So Americans were not liking what Donald Trump and the Republican Party was doing back at the beginning of his first term. Look at where they are now though. Poll out LA just in the last week after Donald Trump took office, which party you trust more in immigration? Look at the margin. Republicans are putting up here, a 22 point lead over Democrats. You rarely see issues in which the American people side so much with one party over the other. But on the main issue that Donald Trump has been pumping up and Republicans have been pumping up since the beginning of this term, just that began just one week ago. Republicans lead overwhelmingly on this.


Folks, it's an opinion show, obviously The Dan Bongino Show. But I'm never gonna leave you out there stranded. I'm not gonna have you go to your friends and go, Hey, Donald Trump took the immigration issue from the Democrats and ran with it. Really? How do you know that? I'm guessing, I'm not guessing. I just cited to you a poll aired by CNN, by an actual polling outfit that exists. That's real. A scientific poll or whatever that shows Donald Trump, even if the margin of errors, five points, he's still up by 17. On the immigration issue. We took an issue we were always on the defensive with and Donald Trump made it a Republican asset.


He is the first president to do that in our time. Not Reagan. Not George. HW, not W. Certainly not Gerald, Ford, Nixon. No one. He made it a Republican issue. Folks, the man's got political skills. You don't have to like him. Nobody cares. The numbers matter. My opinion's. Great. I hope you're here for it. The Bottom line is, I just backed it up with data showing you, even if the margin of error is double, we're still up by 10 points on immigration because of Donald Trump folks secretary, he's not effing around either. He got right to work yesterday.


The other thing they're trying to prioritize is preserving DEI. Because if merit starts to embed itself in our what prior capitalist economy, which Biden tried to destroy, the less battle plan is finished. Quick break right back to that. Like I said, secretary Hank Said's going right for,


hey, what does it feel like? Why does it feel like losing weight's harder than ever? All the misinformation out there, the fad diets, the magic pills, the quick fix injections, they end up doing more harm than good. But here's the thing, it's not your fault. Your body could be working against you and the longer you wait, the harder it gets to turn things around. So I don't want you to wait another second. Take advantage of the exclusive Buno listeners only offer called PhD Weight Loss at 8 6 4 6 4 4 1900. To talk to a specialist today Jim uses program producer. Jim lost a lot of weight. Dr. Ashley Lucas and her team at PhD Weight Loss are leaders in helping people like you lose weight. And finally break free from the cycle of up and down dieting. Do what Jim, producer Jim did get the help with PhD weight loss they provided to him. And you can call them now. You get a free consultation and two free additional weeks of the program including meals. But you need to act now. It's just a simple phone call. Call now. (864) 644-1900 and schedule today or visit them at my PhD weight loss.com, my PhD weight loss.com. Weight loss results vary per individual consult with a medical professional. Thank you. PhD. Weight loss.


And you know my buddies today brought to you by Blackout Coffee. Have yourself a cup, enjoy it. This is cup number three. Be awake, not woke. Folks, they have the most delicious coffee flavors. Their original's amazing. Their cinnamon French toast is amazing. The blueberry crumble, the dark chocolate, the the coffee is a bold, big, bold coffee taste, never bitter. I love my coffee. Sometimes black. Sometimes I like a little bit of milk in it. Sometimes I a little milk in it. Some vanilla flavored protein in it. I love my coffee, but I want premium grain beads. I don't want to judge. Just drink this crap coffee. Okay? So I'm proud to recommend the official coffee, the Panino Army Blackout Coffee. Skip the long lines of the store order online. Folks at Blackout Coffee shipped within 48 hours of roasting. It's incredible. Do me a favor, go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino and see what I'm talking about. They're the real deal. Stop drinking that woke corporate drunk coffee Blackout Coffee dot com slash binos for you. Use coupon coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. That's Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Check it out. It's pretty awesome stuff. We absolutely love it. Blackout Coffee. Official coffee, the Bunche Army.


Here's what I'm talking about, secretary Hegseth. This is why they fought so hard against him and moving forward. Why they are going to fight against Cash Patel, we have to marshal the forces. Anita, speak the truth. The groin crew, the P one radio listener crew, I need you all to get together and start right now. Emailing and calling respectfully please because or else it's counterproductive. I know you know that I'm not your dad. I'm not your preacher. Please get an email. Again, not a form email form. Emails are bullshit. And just say, I would like to know where you are on Cash Patel. We strongly support him for FBI reform something very simple.


Please, I need you to do this. You wanna reform the government, then we have to partake in it. We can't just be observers. We have to be in the boxing ring fighting, not watching the match. Here's what happens when you get a guy in there, secretary. He says, first ceremonial walk into the Pentagon as the Secretary of Defense. This is the FO portion of the FAFO agenda. Check this out. And as the Secretary of Defense, it's an honor to salute smartly as I did as a junior officer and now as the Secretary of Defense to ensure these orders are complied with rapidly and quickly. Every moment that I'm here, I'm thinking about the guys and gals in Guam, in Germany, in Fort Benning and Fort Bragg on missile defense sites and aircraft carriers.


Our job is lethality and readiness and war fighting. We're gonna hold people accountable. I know the chairman agrees with that. The lawful orders of the President of the United States will be executed inside this def Defense Department swiftly and without excuse. We will be no better friend to our allies and no stronger adversary to those who want to test us and try us. So Mr. Chairman, thanks for welcoming me today. I look forward to serving the troops, the warriors of this department. It's the honor of a lifetime and we're gonna get to work. God bless y'all. You see what happens with liberation day? See what happens when this bonino army decides we're gonna get something done and not just talk about getting something done.


These orders will be executed swiftly and effectively. And I noticed Renegade X one 17 and Nero Baat. I like that you both picked up on something some of you may have picked up on as well. Secretary Hegseth referred to these military facilities by their proper names. Fort Bragg and Fort Benning. 'cause that's what they are not their names like Fort Peace, love, and Happiness. I'm even gonna mention it, Fort Liberty, but that's not the name. That's not the name. It's Fort Bragg and it's Fort Benning. That wasn't an accident, by the way.


Secretary Hegseth is a very, very, very smart guy. That was not an accident. This is a section I'm gonna, can we get a little liner for this? Can we put something together? Can we get a so much winning alert thing? Ladies and gentlemen, again, this is the so much winning like rockham sock part of the show. Again, start it out with it. I can't get over how much winning. There's so much winning happening like people, are you tired of the winning? Are you shitting me? Am I tired of winning? We are just stage one of FAFO. How many stages are there? I don dunno bro. I don't wait. Yeah, it's, This is why Michael's a math major.


He's kind of funny sometimes too. I just asked the question, well how dumb, how stupid if the agenda's FAFO And I'm asking you how many stages of FAFO Michael's like did you not pay attention to the find out? You are gonna find out there could be 72 stages of fo there could be 7,200. I'm not tired. I'm not tired. Keep it coming man. I am an endless spool of energy. I was sick last week. Don't give a shit. I was on a plane, did a show from a plane. Don't care. We will keep going on this podcast no matter what. So I'm gonna give you a little more winning alert. Eric Daughtry breaking yesterday.


US health officials ordered by the Trump administration to stop working with the dreadful communist word health world health organization. Immediately remember the ones who tried to hide the covid thing. How many times we gotta this guy's poor guy man, poor rocket. This red guy. And he's like, Dan, can I have a break? You can't, you cannot have a break on this show. I'm sorry. I'm tired of the, I'm not tired. You're not tired of the winning. I'm, I'm not tired of winning. Here's another one. Epic times Trump signs executive orders restricting transgender troops. Ending military. DEI practices Glorious.


Oh, Karate meds easier when your lungs aren't infected with the deadly postulating postulates that I have been from, from the deadly bio weapon sprayed on all of us. The inauguration, by the way, pure poor Justin came down with the inauguration. He wasn't even at the inauguration. Gee has some ridiculous X-Men like Wolverine immune system. Justin says it's only his left nostril. I don't know how that is. They're all like, it goes all connected up there. But whatever the winning continues. You wanna be out of action for 12 months. 'cause you wanna cut body parts of it. You do you, but you don't get to take up military time and services doing it because there's an opportunity cost there and you're not lethal If you are in the recovery room.


Okay, thank you, period. Have a nice day. The DEI stuff you heard about from Pete. Here's another just absolute gem Fox news. Are we tired of the winning? The answer is hell to the no. We're not tired winning. We are not tired of the winning, not stopping. DOJ fires more than a dozen key officials on former special counsel. I'd say special tyrant Jack Smith's team. That's glorious. You thought you had a job, you were gonna sit there, weaponize the federal government and get taxpayer dollars. Nah, don't think so. Kids, sorry. Matter of fact, the winning gets even better.


I love this guy. By the way, I don't know If you know this guy, ed Martin. He's the interim, the United States attorney for Washington dc What did he do? Imagine how much a pain the Washington Post to write this headline. He launches a probe of the January 6th prosecutions. Talk about flipping the script. You wanna weaponize government. We'll see, Ladies and gentlemen, I guess we will find out, as Michael said, how many stages of this FAFO agenda red rocker, by the way, Donald Trump has side control right now for you Juujitsu.


Guys, If you see that he's Michael, you know, side control. He's not. Maybe I would do the neon belly, But a knees don't bend. So, but he's definitely dominating in side control right now. He's got the, he's doing the elbow shiver in the neck too, which is really, that really hurts. That's like considered cheap. Here's another one Hat tip Maze Moore on this one. Great account to follow on X-M-A-Z-E-M-O-O-R-E. Fantastic follow. Gotta give shout outs to people. Folks, we're not the only ones out there and a lot of people steal Maze Moore's content. It is not right. I see it on Twitter X all the time. It's, it's, it's their account over there should cite it. But it's just interesting now all of a sudden that Ed Martin's gonna be looking into the prosecutions and the weaponization of government during January 6th, how the Democrat story is now changing and there is no better example of a fraud on weaponized government than Adam Schiff.


Watch this about 30 seconds and you'll see what I mean. Again, hat tip means more. Check this out. On the day Donald Trump leaves office, the Justice Department may indict him very strongly in favor of indicting the president when he is out of office. I don't think the incoming president should be threatening his political opponents with jail time. That's not the kind of talk we should hear from the president in a democracy. This is why you ignore left wing and media iil commentary on all this stuff. They are frauds, phonies. They have zero credibility. You do exactly what Holman did at the beginning of the show on that interview. You guys are gonna deport people for breaking the law.


Yeah, it's actually more, more than you think. Actually, even more people. That is how you handle this war more. Kylo Ren Moore style. We get a lot of play with that on that. People love the Kylo Ren Moore. They, they love it because Liberation Day has arrived. Folks rock this shirt everywhere. It'll piss off your liberal friends If you have any left where, do me a favor, how many of people in the chat, your Bonino Army members out there, how many people go to the gym? The gym is the best place to wear this. 'cause liberals, you won't usually see a lot of liberals in the gym because they're not into work and stuff like that, but they are allergic to the gym and lifting weights and everything like that.


But you will see a few. But the good thing is you'll have a lot of backup. 'cause even in liberal cities, like 60% of the crowd will be people at least leaning a little conservative Liberation day. It is arrived store do on gino.com. You know what, what? I can see the shirt. Oh yeah, look at that. You can move the Chiron up like that. Look at you guys. Nice. This was my idea, by the way. I just wanna say Paula had 90% of the ideas of Paula. She probably hate me for saying this. I love her to death, but I, I'm, I, they're like, you know what? We gotta do another shirt. We gotta celebrate the election. But I don't like to just randomly throw shirts out when Donald Trump said, we're gonna declare this liberation day. I said, that's it.


That's it. All right. Cutesy time's over. I gotta talk to you about something serious here, right? Justin's like, what? You know, I I, I spoke about my weekend update yesterday, which I do on Monday. Some guy got all pissy with me, by the way. Sent me like this Facebook thing. Like, and I'm like, five minutes in and you taught us about a weekend. It's the freaking Dan Bongino Show. I spend five minutes on Monday talking about things I think are interesting. And then all week we talk for four hours between radio and podcast about every single political, how many political issues we get to already today. Polling FAFO, Miller Holman, Julie Kelly, January 6th, U-S-A-I-D, Pete Heer, WHO.


We cover the issues. I want you to know who I am. We spend 20 hours a week here together, okay? So If you don't like it, I'm sorry, it's an airport. You don't have to announce your departure. Find a different show where they just read headlines. That's on me, okay? He's a Georgia fan. He's right. No, definitely, definitely was a Evolve fan. Definitely. He, he didn't like the game industry. That's okay. We love our Tennessee crew. But that guy clearly didn't like the show. But I was down in Auburn this weekend, or I live in Florida, but I, we all know like South Florida's not the most southern place on planet earth. It's Northern Florida is. But folks, I really love the south and you guys and ladies out there, I just, I'm really envious of everything.


You're about your emphasis on, on, on, on, on faith, on family, on community. It is complex, in its simplicity. Does that make sense? And I'm not trying to write bullshit poetry or sound overly verbose. It's elegant in its simplicity. I'm really envious of you all. I have a point to this though. It's not just to reminisce about my weekend that I spent in Auburn and how lovely the people were to me and how I just feel like it's become just this adopted home. By the way, if you're not considering sending your kid to Auburn University or you know Alabama or another place like that, then you're making a huge mistake.


Auburn is a magical place and your kid should be visiting there. They respect free speech. They love God down there. I give a speech down there. It's not a single protester that shows up, not one, it's a packed house, not one. But whereas this Queen's born Yankee can tell you that these media people hate you. They do. And it's really disgusting to watch. They think because you speak with a southern accent that somehow you're stupid. You're backwards. They do. They don't understand how deep and complex you really are.


Let me tell you something. When the shit hits the fan, I want a southerner with me next to me. I don't want one of these media losers. Did you see this clip from Margaret, the new Karen Brennan and JD Vance? This, I didn't play this one yesterday. I want you to listen and watch the disdain in her voice and the look in her face as she talks about people from Mississippi, Kentucky, Alabama. She talks about you like you guys need fema. You're just too stupid to figure this out on your own. You don't. You doubt me. Watch this yourself. Check it out. You know, FEMA has specialized expertise that some of these states just don't have.


Oh, Margaret and their arsenal. I wish that they, and How will states who are, who are lower income states, the Mississippis, the Kentuckys, the Alabamas, be able to do this for themselves without federal health. Well, The President, to be clear, is not saying we're gonna leave anybody behind. He's saying that. And the way that we administer these resources, some of which is coming from the federal level, some of which is coming from the state level, we've gotta get the bureaucrats outta the way and get the aid to the people who need it most. But these are The, You believe that shit. You really believe that these strong southern families that have relied on God, community church.


And If you really believe in an emergency, they're calling up DC looking for some obese, overweight DC bureaucrat to come down and save them. You sure about that, Margaret? And by the way, this isn't a geography thing. I'm gonna be candid with you. It's not about the south. 'cause we have people in the Midwest and all over the country. We have people in upstate New York in farms like this. It is not about the south. It's just that the south can be very self-reliant. This is a battle against self-reliance. It has everything to do with the war on the Second Amendment and everything. The left doesn't care about guns. They have their own bodyguards with guns.


They don't, they pretend to. They don't want you to have a gun because they want you relying on the government for everything, including your protection. The left hates self-reliance because you cannot institute a system of collectivism and communism if people like people in the south and the Midwest are not dependent on the government. But I want you to watch these two videos and I want to ask you a very simple question. If an emergency hits the fan, do you want a FEMA rep showing up? Or do you want this kid's from Indiana But it doesn't matter? Or do you want the John Deere kid showing up? You know who this kid is? If you haven't seen, I'll take this kid any day over some monstrosity bureaucrat from Washington DC Watch this Operated backhoe before.


It was like an actual backhoe, like the one over there, but okay, it was a cat it, it ran pretty nice. Okay, is that a bit bigger one? What is that a bit bigger? Is that the same Size? That's a 4 0 75 back There. So that's 75 horse. 75 horse. That's a new model just come out with back in the fall. Oh, that's that. That that'd be a nice machine to have. 75 horse. Yeah, it's got a nice price tag on too. Somewhere around 50,000. Throw me ice. I like, I like that it's got stabilizers. So if you're digging something really hard, you don't tip One, gonna turn over.


Love this. I love this young man, young man. God bless you, John Deere kid. I want that kid showing up. I don't want no FEMA person there. You see why in the south and the Midwest, they hate you. You think that kid's dependent on a government handout, you think that kid's looking for FEMA when an emergency hits? He's pulling up in his John Deere tractor. How old is that? I don't even know how that old, that young man is nine 10. He'll, he'll figure it out himself. That's why liberals hate that kid. This is who the liberals want showing up in an emergency. You see this picture from last week? They want David Moir, the a BC news guy with the fire jacket, with the clothes pin.


So he looks nice and tailored on tv. That's who they want showing up. I'll take the John Deere kid any day of the week and seven times on Sunday. You want media people and liberals showing up in an emergency. Folks, media people can't even do freaking journalism. And I can't think of a better time to highlight their malfeasance because this, this reporter who called me the other day, he asked me, Dan, you've been doing this now for 10 years. The podcast was started in 2015, so it's our 10 year anniversary. It actually is in like February. I think we should do a big thing for that. I, it's February's our actual 10 year anniversary.


He said, what stories resonate the most? Tell me if I'm wrong. I said, you know what my audience loves the most when we expose you media buffoons. And he laughed. I said, no, I'm not kidding. There's no better time than now. The media criticizing you folks in the south rock stars, God fearing parents, moms and dads than to play this little montage. Maybe the media should stay out of emergency planning, government spending and everything else and actually try to do journalism first. Here's the media about their predictions about elections. You can see how right they always are. Check this out. He's not gonna be president. He is not.


Donald Trump is not going to be president of the United States. Take it to the bank. Okay, I guarantee it all. All Right. You think if he's becomes a president here, make, make it great. 'cause the states is Already great. I think that man will be president of the United States right about the time that spaceships come down filled with dinosaurs and red cakes. On That note, Tom, Pleasure take it from me. How about that? And then Of course there's Donald Trump. Donald Trump has been saying that he will run for president as a Republican, which is surprising since I just assumed he was running as a joke. Donald Trump, just last week, he confirmed the National Review that he's again considering a run in 2016.


Do it, do it. Look, look at me. Do it. I'll personally write you a campaign check now on behalf of this country, which does not want you to be president, but which badly wants you to run. So when you stand and deliver that state of the Union address, in no part of your mind or brain, can you imagine Donald Trump standing up one day and delivering a state of the Union address? Well, I can imagine it in a Saturday night skit. I continue to believe Mr. Trump, Trump will not be president. He Will never be president of the United States. And we better be ready for the fact that he may be leading the Republican ticket next.


I know you don't believe that, but I want to go on. Sorry to laugh. I just, the suggestion to the media folks out there, If you don't wanna be a laughing stock, then stop making yourself a laughing stock. I saw the hapless Chris Aliza today put out on Twitter that he can't believe he was so misled and that Donald Trump was right about the lab leak and fauci was wrong. Chris Aliza, the same guy who in the infamous Washington Post headline with Aaron Blake from back in 2016 during the election wrote, Donald Trump's chances of winning are approaching Zero.


Why is The Dan Bongino Show the number one live stream in America pretty much every day? Ladies and gentlemen, the formula is not complicated. Keep people entertained, keep them educated on the issues, keep the information flowing and don't bullshit them. It's really not hard. Why are people tuning outta the New York Times, the Washington Post, CNN, Chris Aliza, M-S-N-B-C, and others because they're tired of your bullshit. You can't lie to all the people all the time. Wanna see another story? We're out ahead of, we've been out ahead of for years. When I say we, I mean the entire Republican movement, not specifically me.


The whole climate change thing is a great article by Barden Swain in the Wall Street Journal. Why Climate Change Ideology Is Dying, folks, it's pretty simple. Just like I told you. Why do people tune into The Dan Bongino Show? 'cause we tell you the truth. Why is climate ideology dying? Because no one actually believes it. You know, it's why aren't the moguls and executives who claim to be unnerved by climate science giving up their car and heavy lifestyles and living in caves, or living in simpler dwellings and mansions, if these progressive VIPs and media, politics and entertainment believe sea levels are ready to rise, why do they keep buying properties in Martha's Vineyard, bar Harbor, Provincetown, Santa Monica and Malibu?


Because they don't believe any of this shit. That's why folks, they're lying to you and it's up to us to expose them. Now, the media guy who asked me a question about what stories resonate with my audience, and I told him largely stories about how awful the media are. I think he was a little confused as to why. And one of the reasons is I don't think they're used to being held to their own standard. So the fact that I take Alinsky's rules, notably Alinsky rule number four, and I make the media live up to its own standards. If you're gonna call us out for misinformation and disinformation when we're right, we're gonna call you out and hold you to that standard when you're not right, which is often what's so alinsky's Rule number four, suggest you memorize it.


Make the enemy live up to its own book of rules. If the rule is every letter gets a reply, send 30,000 letters. You can kill them with this 'cause no one can possibly obey all of their own rules. Media people want to talk about climate change. We're gonna lose our coastline. Why do you live there? Because you really don't believe it. The media wants to talk about misinformation. Why do you keep bullshitting? People we'd like to know, make them live up to their own rules because they can't and they won't. Man, what a show. What do we got? 154,000 today. Thank you.


Thank you Anita, for putting it up in the chat. You know we do the radio show here in Rumble. The first two hours. Some folks have asked me, how do you get the third hour you become a subscriber? You can see it right at the top of our page right there. You can get all three hours of the radio show. Plus I do some additional content. We will be transitioning locals into Rumble Premiums. So you'll get a lot of things. If you become a Rumble Premium member with our new, with our new link there, you'll be getting some additional content I put out there. You'll be getting the three hours of the radio show out there, and also you will be getting at least the Rumble programmatic ads. You won't get them in the show, you just have the, obviously the live reads.


So it's a great package. So Rumble Premium, the way to rock and roll folks, thanks so much for tuning in. Please download the Rumble app. It is free. Join us every day at 11:00 AM Eastern Time for the show live. Or you can watch Video on Demand anytime. All we ask is you give us a follow while you're there. And please If you can help blow us up on Apple and Spotify too, we'd appreciate it. Apple Podcast, look for The Dan Bongino Show. Give us a follow. Spotify as well, The Dan Bongino Show. It helps us stay on the charts. We deeply appreciate it. See you here for the Radio show in just a few minutes on Rumble, and I'm back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM Eastern. See you then. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.