
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With, your host, Dan Bonino, Folks, to describe this as just an overwhelming sense. The senses, the, the, the, the sights, the sounds, the smells, everything of this week. It's just been amazing. The food in here in Milwaukee, by the way, has been incredible. The people at the RNC have been amazing. We've been here all week waiting all night for President Trump's banger of his speech. We've finally heard it. Folks at Psych, nothing we've heard before from him. I am, I'm optimistic about the coming election without being apathetic.


And I hope you stay that way too. Vote and take 10 people with you. 10 not nine. You are allowed to take more. You are not allowed to take less. I'm sorry, I don't mean to sound bossy, but this has been such an incredible week. We had so much content to squeeze in so many great guests. We don't know what to do. Let me get started today.


Hey, with coin, get woke outta your wallet with a credit card that aligns with dollars for conservative values. Find them@coin.com co i gn.com. Go to coin.com/disclosure for terms.


I got another stellar show for you today. We're gonna focus today more. We've been focusing most of the week on the Secret Service stuff, on the speech tonight. Everything that happened because really the, the energy in the Republican Party, I hate this. I hate talking about energy 'cause it sounds so stupid and cliche, but I'm telling you, it's here, it's real. It's now everybody. I mean even Russell Brand, who we did a show with, which on last night, this is a guy formerly of the left. There's understanding the party of freedom is here now. More coming up. Some great cuts for you. Hold on.


Hey, many Americans are tired and frustrated by a stolen economy, inflation, endless wars, and the relentless assault on our values. But there's companies out there that care about us like Patriot Mobile. I'm proud to partner with Patriot Mobile 'cause they're on the front lines, fighting for our rights, our sanctity of life. The military and first responder heroes out there. And the veterans too. Take a stand for conservative causes. Put America first by switching to Patriot Mobile today. Don't wait. You'll get the same nationwide coverage as the big providers 'cause Patriot Mobile operates across all three major networks. Plus they back their service with a coverage guarantee. Their 100% US backed customer service team, US based customer service team will find the best plan for your needs. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot right now. Get a free month when you sign up and use the offer code. Dan, don't get fooled by other providers pretending to share our values or have the same coverage. They don't And they can't join me. Switch to America's only Christian conservative mobile provider, Patriot Mobile. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month of service today.


All right, gee and Mike, let's get this thing started. So if you missed yesterday's podcast, please, I'm begging you as a friend, please go back and watch it. A number of breaking stories about the Secret Service catastrophe, the apocalyptic breakdown about the communications breakdown, the breakdown of coverage on that roof, and also the fact that this may have been some kind of assault on Trump supporters in advance that plan as well as what resulted in assault on Donald Trump. Again, it's a theory that one in the end, I discussed it yesterday, but there's some evidence to back up all of these things. An absolute failure, folks. And I'm gonna tell you again, I only say on this show, what I can back up when I have evidence for you. You have my absolute solemn word.


You will be the first to hear it. I wanna talk bigger picture first about what just happened folks. Donald Trump's a different man, a post post attack. He's a different guy. Something changed in him and, and, and, and I, and I hope I never have to experience that kind of change myself. But when you're millimeters from death and you survive it and your first response despite there's a renewed vigor in him. but I ha You know I, I've always seen he's always been a warrior. But this is different. I wanna play for you what I thought was one of the highlights of the night from this speech last night. It was just incredible. Please check this part out. Come back, we'll comment on it on the other side.


I am running to be president for all of America, not half of America. 'cause there is no victory in winning for half of America. So tonight with faith and devotion, I proudly accept your nomination for president of the United States. Thank you. But Corey, unfortunately, we have to use the past tense. He was incredible. He was a highly respected former fire chief. Respected by everybody, was accompanied by his wife Helen.


Incredible woman. I spoke to her today, devastated. And two precious daughters. He lost his life selflessly acting as a human shield to protect them from flying bullets. He went right over the top of them and was hit. What a fine man he was.


I said last night before, because obviously the speech happened last night, you're watching today, but we're here now. Right now when we're recording this, we are here, right Post speech, there's still so much energy. It's like palpable in the room right here. 'cause everybody's so excited to go out and vote. So forgive me, we're always candid with the other thing. But on the show here, of course folks, I wanna talk about the election picture here because after last night, I, I candidly speaking, I'm no red wave talk. We cut the bullshit. Don't do it here. We're never gonna do it. No landslide talk. No none of that. Okay? but I don't wanna ignore the obvious either. I actually believe in doing honest reporting. I, I don't see a path right now for Biden.


There is a potential path for other candidates. They could come in, they could be re-energized the cheating. They could double and triple down. I get all that. But after last night, and that just barn burner and banger of his speech. Do you really see a path for Biden? Folks, I just wanna play this clip I played again yesterday. Remember what I told you about politics? There's soundbites and snapshots and everything in politics in this binary system. We have Republicans and Democrats is about contrast. A or B. When A really falters B may look better, even if B doesn't did nothing different at all. Do you get what I mean? B may be a five and A may be a one, but if A goes to zero, B is now five units bigger than A, even though B did nothing. Donald Trump not only added to his political cache last night, but Joe Biden's political cache is now collapsing.


The biggest problem with Joe Biden right now outside of his dreadful policies even for Democrats, is the fact that he's a man in poor health. Not blaming a guy for getting covid. I don't wish he'll health on anyone. I hope he's fine At the end of the day, however, the man's in his eighties, he got Covid Van Jones points out, who's a Democrat? Something very simple. This is a system of contrast. How are you gonna get around the fact that Trump is this vigorous guy who's roughly the same age but acts different and Biden's holed up by Covid? Check this out. A bullet couldn't stop Trump. A virus just stopped. Biden, you've got the nominees of this party getting their butts kissed.


Biden's getting his butt kicked by his own party. The Democrats are coming apart, the Republicans are coming together Now. Van Jones got beaten up online by piss crier, Keith Oberman and others for stating the obvious. Folks, this is a good thing though. How is that a good thing? It's not even a good thing that Van Jones said that. 'cause I don't want the Democrats to recognize their problem, Michael. I wanna win, right? I don't really give a shit if the Democrats recognize their problem I'd, I'd rather them not, right? I'd rather go ninja style, right? Right. We wanna go. We don't wanna go samurai style, we wanna go ninja style. We wanna be like quiet assassins here. Van Jones is our problem right now. 'cause he's telling the Democrats you got an issue.


It's the Keith Bermans of the world. Who are our best allies? Crazy lunatic, former ESPN guy Berman's out there again telling people, oh, You know. Gosh, this Van Jones should shut his mouth. Van Jones doesn't know what he's talking about. Well, clearly he does. Van Jones is not our friend, even though he's stating the obvious, obvious. We wanna sneak up on him. This is how bad it is right now. And I want you to keep in mind this clip, as you guys can attest to, is from a couple days ago prior to Donald Trump's speech and JD Vance's speech the night before. We just heard it, the whole place going nuts. You can hear the energy in here, right? This place going crazy. Everybody's supposed to go home and nobody's going home. Okay? Here is CNNA couple days ago prior to the speech. And remember Joe Biden's only gonna get worse, his cognitive condition.


Talking about how the path to Sue two 70 for Joe Biden is almost non-existent at this point. No red wave talk. Get out and vote like we're 10 points behind. 'cause polling sucks. But this, this just harbors real trouble for Joe Biden. Check this out. This is our current CNN projection of where we are now. And look at this. If Donald Trump won what we have here, dark red states, solid Republican light red states leaning Republican, if he won just those right there, he would already have the path to 270. He would've 272 electoral votes looks. What is different? We have Wisconsin as a tossup. We have Pennsylvania as a tossup, two critical states for Joe Biden, Michigan right now. Another critical state for Biden leaning Republican Georgia.


A state Biden flipped leaning Republican, Arizona, a tossup state that was a step by state. Biden flipped Nevada a state he won leaning Republican. This is the dire strait for Joe Biden right now on the first night of the Republican convention. Tomorrow is 16 weeks to election day 16 weeks from tomorrow, we count the votes. It is tough to change a map like this Folks. This is prior. This is prior. Gee, is it not prior? Did I not send you this cut three days ago? This is prior to the speech and JD speech. You think this is gonna get any better? The guy's melting away by the minute. His neurons don't freaking work. I got more for you. Things got even worse.


I just wanna say this one thing. Gee comes up to me before, right? And he's like, Hey man, I got this for you. Someone put this up to the window and the studio's a window. Right to my right, right here it says, this is Dan Bon Gino's audio implements earpiece. You're probably like, what the hell does that mean? This? You wanna hear about a bananas moment? Audio implements this company when you've joined the Secret Service back in my day, they take a mold of your ear and build a custom earpiece. Someone may have must have had a mold of my ear and brought me a new earpiece from 1999. Thank you audio implements. That was, he's like, you're never gonna believe this just happened.


So there you go. Has my ear changed? This is really it. Ears keep growing. It's, I should try it on like on there. Let's just, do you wanna do it on the air? How do we open this sucker a door and a all right. I don't know because this sucker's like, really? I'm gonna have to cut this baby open here. Open that for me and if that thing fits, I'm gonna be stunned. I mean my ears got all the droopy. I'm an old man now. But getting back to the, my good friend Jordan Shael on x. A great account to follow. You got it open. Alright, let me see. Is this, this must be okay. This is the left folks. We're doing this on the air Live. Holy shit. It still fits. Dan Bonino iss Secret Service earpiece from 1990.


Look at that nice and snug audio implements. You'd still do a great job. It's amazing. This sucker still look at it nice. It doesn't even come out. I never personally though, I don't like the mold. Don't lose it. Can you put this back in the thing? I don't wanna lose this man. This is a classic I don't like and I can't hear anything outta my left ear anymore anyway. 'cause that's where I wore my earpiece and I'm and I'm deaf in that ear. Here's my buddy Jordan Shock tell on X. This is how bad it's getting for Biden folks. It is not gonna get any better. I'm candidly worried he's gonna drop out because I wanna run run against this goofball. He was on some league Zoom call the other day. Did you hear this report? Just basically trashing a bunch of people saying nobody's been a better president than me. Name one. Name me one. Now I never steer you wrong.


Ever, ever, ever. What have I told you over and over Joe Biden is not dropping out. Why? Guys, you remember. Why is he not dropping out? Because he's a freaking narcissist. That's why he's a narciss. Look at the the now. These guys are ringers. You ever hear of the Elk Boys? These guys? Hey can you come on one second here, just come on. I just wanted about the honest jury. Does the Zi you brought, what's up brother? How are you man? I didn't seen you since the UFC man. I know. How are you? You guys are rocking it. Hey man. What you So that Zinn, you brought Tucker Carlson that time Did did that one's not connected? This one. Oh, okay. Okay. So this was kind of an impromptu Yeah, yeah. But you guys got a hugely popular podcast. People love you guys. You're here at the RNC and You know how you feeling like pop culture wise.


You think like the libertarian kind of republican conservative movement is finally getting back some of the mojo with the young artists? Yeah, we were just talking about that. Like when we started You know doing content with President Trump in 2020. And it was, it was way different. Like I think at that time you got patronized for doing it and it was more of a risk. but I think people have seen over the last four years just what a fucking disaster Biden's been. Yeah. And people are fed up and I think You know. I think maybe they wanted to speak up before And. they were maybe a little bit scared. but I think now people have just fed, fed up and Everybody's I tell, tell everybody coming the woodwork and I got mad respect for you guys because you're right. Like you guys were interviewing Tucker and Trump when it wasn't like the cool thing to do.


We got other influencers out there, the Paul brothers and stuff coming. Yeah, exactly. But back then it was like, ah, You know these Republican, all the media post should Up. I think they were shit on 'em back then. They, they Were. Be honest You Know what? It's a good thing that people are flipping You know. We don't wanna call them like copycats, but I think, you know what, if people are supporting 'em and they're supporting this movement, then that's just a w. So Bro, you guys, very few pods and shows out there have the influence with that Gen Z crowd. You guys do. You're doing a banger of a job. Saw you at the UFC man. You love the fights like I do man. Thanks for spending minute with us, man. Yeah, appreciate you bro. It's fan as well. Oh, thanks bro. I appreciate it man. You got the Nel boys just popping into the Dan. Bongino Show like collabs are just happening left and right.


Do what is that? Like dogs and cats. Remember that from Ghostbusters? Oh, how this is just like this has been, gee, how great has this experience been? I sat on a radio show yesterday. I wasn't bullshitting you. I said, listen man, you know, and Monday, the beginning of the week, I kind of felt like, ah, You know. I'm not sure this was the right thing to come out here. Single best decision of our life to come outta here folks. But get back to what I was talking about before. Biden is a freaking narcissist. The man is never gonna leave. He really believes what you saw on that tweet. He believes he is the most popular influential president in Modern American history. I told you that. Now you're hearing it on this league Zoom call. We got that. I'm gonna take a gee, I'm gonna take a quick break here.


We're gonna got a couple spots where obviously we got ads and, and people pay for the show to talk to you. We deeply appreciate their support.


Folks. Policy genius. A lot of life is unpredictable. But a good life insurance plan gives your family a financial safety net. Protect against some of the unknowns out there. PolicyGenius is the country's leading online insurance marketplace. It makes choosing the right policy for your family easy and quick. With PolicyGenius, you can find life insurance policies that start as just $292 a year for $1 million of coverage. Some, some options are a hundred percent online and let you avoid unnecessary medical exams. PolicyGenius helps you easily compare your options from America's top insurers in just a few clicks. Their award-winning agents can even walk you through the process step by step. Your work life insurance policy may not offer enough protection for your family's needs. Even worse, it may not come with you if you leave your job. PolicyGenius has no incentive to recommend one insurer over the other so you can trust their guidance. They thousands of five star reviews on Google and Trustpilot from customers who found the best fit for their needs. Get peace of mind by finding the right life insurance with PolicyGenius. Head to policygenius.com or click the link in the description to get your free life insurance quotes and see how much you can save. That's policygenius.com


folks. It's only going to get worse. The speech, the fact that Donald Trump's not only survived an assassination attempt but screamed fight afterwards in one of the most iconic photos ever. The Jack Smith case getting thrown out, the lawfare blowing up in their faces. It's not an excuse. Bring 10 people with you. Just imagine the cheating is gonna be four or five points. Probably not gonna be that much, but it's there. We've gotta overcome a lot and anything can change. So don't get cocky. I wanna show you this too. This leaked out as well. This was on C-N-N-C-N-N, not Fox. This wasn't on a Dan. Bongino. Show. Not on Newsmax. This was on CNN where they're now reporting that Biden's got this temper control problem now.


It's an old problem, but it's getting worse with his advanced stage. What appears to be dementia. Okay, Biden blew up on Jason Crow, a Democrat. I think he's from, yeah, he's from Colorado. When Jason Crow the Democrat, Hey Kat. Jason Crow is from Colorado, right? Democrat, yeah. Colorado. Kat Mick, who's wonderful. Hey, you wanna sit down during this show too? Hey my, sorry man. We'll get you on. So folks, he blew up on Jason Crow absolutely blew up. And here's what it's about. Key run this clip, check this out. Reporting into CNN this hour showing just how tense things have gotten between a defiant Joe Biden and key members of his party sources. Tell me that the president lashed out at Congressman Jason Crow in a Saturday call with House Democrats that happened after the Colorado moderate relayed voters' concerns about the president's vigor and strength, especially when it comes to the world stage.


Biden, I'm told, got so upset with Crow's blunt assessment that at one point he said quote, cut that crap out Folks. I got a subject matter expert here. Again. The collabs happening everywhere. This was not planned. Right. Michael? Poor Michael's like this guy's done so many air squats getting up and down to reconnect and think Congresswoman Kat Kam, one of my favorites. God bless the work you're doing up there. So you're up on Capitol Hill and unfortunately around a lot of these Democrats all the time, bless their hearts, as we say, bless their hearts, you know, as they say it down south You know exactly what that means. Exactly. Are you sensing with them that it's, it's now gone from panic to just full blown hysteria and And second part of the question, I don't think they're worried anymore because it's Biden.


I think they're worried because the down ballot effects are gonna be bad. Yes. So it's crazy that we're talking about this like in this context right now. I got a text message from a prominent Democrat who said, Kat, we are screwed. Use a different word. Said, but we're screwed. It's a lose lose for us. Because what's gonna happen is we have got four years of all of us on record saying that Donald Trump is a threat to democracy and we're gonna disenfranchise 14 million Democratic voters who penciled in Joe Biden's name. But they know that they cannot win with Joe Biden. So what they're now talking about is we have to tell him to move aside, but we can't jump Kamala.


We have to put her in at the top of the ticket because if we don't, a billion dollars with a B goes to the down ballot races and then they will have nothing at the top of the ticket. So they're in the middle of this dynamic where half of their caucus wants to go all in on the down ballots, which would be bad for us. Or they go all in on Kamala and she still Loses. That is good inside info. Yes. Let me hit you with this Kamala Harris question because you just kind of nailed it. This is the dilemma they created for themselves. Not us. A thousand percent. A thousand percent. I I have, I did not say Kamala Harris was a DEI candidate Joe Biden did. I didn't say that. Ka. He did he not? He said, I'm going to pick based on artificial criteria.


Yes, it was whatever box she checked, that's it. She was, she Said it Exactly. Not us. So the Fact minority and a woman, The fact Kamala Harris is a DEI, vice president is not Dan. Bonino. Where Kat KAMs words Exactly. We're just repeating what Biden said. The dilemma they've created for themselves, which you just kind of harped on a little bit, is you can't say I'm bringing in a black woman, whoever it may be because of her valuable life experience, but I don't know who she is. And then you get said black woman and then the minute the opportunity to take power happens. You go, I was only really kidding about the black woman thing. Exactly. And this pisses me off as a woman, because this is the bullshit that the left has pedaled for years. When I went and campaigned for office, I never said vote for me because I'm the young one in the race. Vote for me because I'm the woman in the race and I had a 12 way primary.


I said, vote for me 'cause I'm the best damn person for the job. And that's the way we need to approach it. But here we are. We've got a Supreme Court justice who doesn't even know what a woman is. Yeah, it's nuts. And this secret service nonsense. This is just another example of the DEI bullshit that has absolutely put our nation and our nominee, our president in danger. Did, do you mind if I share our conversation before I gotta ask Oh? no, no, no. So Kat came over before we were doing the radio show and we were kinda, I wanted to have you, we were just stacked up and you are passionate about this DEI cancer. Yes. And you said to me, Dan, given your experience You know we, you were like, how bad is it?


I'm getting, it's really bad. Yeah. I'm telling you it's worse than you think. If there's one thing you said, do you have any kind of ideas where I should go with this? Here's one thing I would harp on. The size and weight of the protectee does not change. Donald Trump's a big guy, man. He's a exactly six something. He's You know. He is a big guy. Yeah. If the size and weight of the protectee doesn't change, then why the hell do the PT standards change? It's the same job. Is that not a simple question for the director? Can can anyone explain that? If you've both gotta lift the same body, why are the PT standards different? Exactly. And I don't, I don't care if you are a man or a woman as an agent. If you can meet the qualifications, then good on you. But the question, and we were talking about the weaponization of government.


How is it not a prime example of the weaponization of the federal government that the administration in charge has decided that they are not going to provide a detail to one of their political opponents in in its in their entirety. But then you have a high value target who they had intelligence that showed that there was a foreign nation that had a target on Donald Trump's back. It's Not like they have a history of killing people Iran or anything. No, no, no. They've been really nice players of the World. Yes, they, yes. Bless their hearts. My gosh. We literally are watching in real time how DEI and the weaponization of government is not just a cancer, but it is stage four and it is killing people.


My husband is a SWAT medic, a firefighter, and he has done dignitary protection at the local level. He's gotta be talking like, I can't believe this happened. We were in the United States Capitol when the news broke and the video came out of Donald Trump getting shot. We were, What was it like in the capitol when that went down? We were, was everybody like, holy shit. It finally happened. so we all knew what was coming. It was Saturday, it was empty. And I was there working over the weekend, getting ready to come here to the the convention and we're literally in the capitol and the news starts breaking. And I said, oh my God. And I hand my phone to my husband. This is a guy who's 18 years with the department he has done, I can't tell you how many SWAT call outs. And he looks at this and we start seeing the video of the snipers, them engaging how this is all going.


And he said, I bet you any amount of money, they did not have a pre-authorization to neutralize the threat. It looks like they were all on different bands. He immediately started analyzing the situation and then he started to tear up and he said, this is a total failure. And I feel so bad for the guys on the ground who it's not their fault. It's the political appointees who care more about protecting their own ass than actually doing the job that they're hired to do. He, he took this very personal, Listen, you are a flame throw up on Capitol Hill. You're gonna stay on this first, right? My and my gosh, we gotta talk 'cause I got some questions. You're the best, Dan. Oh, you're the best. Thanks a lot for coming on. We appreciate it folks. Like I said, collabs all over the place.


Listen, I wanna get to this too. Biden has given himself an out You know. First I got put up that Bill Eugen tweet on the Trump response. It's just for kind of comic relief in the show. My friend Bill Lucian ran into him with the RNC the other day from Fox. Great reporter on the border, put this tweet up. Did you see Trump's response, by the way, on the VP debate? He throw that up on the screen. This is absolutely vintage Donald Trump. Trump response to the VP debate. We don't know who the Democrat nominee's gonna be. so we can't lock in a date before the convention to do so, would be unfair to Gavin Newsom, JB Pritzker, Gretchen Whitmer, whoever Kamala Harris picks running me. Holy shit. That is a bomb dropped on the head.


Nuclear messaging for marketing of the dopey ass left. Great job Donald Trump coming up. I'm gonna take a quick break. I wanna play this video for you. Biden's giving himself an out. He got Covid right around the time this interview was done. I am not suggesting he doesn't have Covid. I don't know what he has. I'm not his freaking doctor. If he has it or hasn't had it, it ain't my business. I wish the man, okay, I want the guy to be the nominee. 'cause I think he sucks. He's the worst candidate out there. but I don't wish Ill health on him. However, the timing is awfully convenient that this happened because now the Democrats have a reason to get him out. Last set of sponsors really appreciate their time.


Blackout Coffee, as you could tell, I've been drinking it all day. Quite a few cups, maybe six or seven. That's a lot even for me. But it's so good. I can't stop Cinnamon French toast, dark chocolate. My favorite flavors. Listen, this is a company that loves America, folks. They make the best high quality coffee out there. We've got a lot of offers from a coffee sponsor. So I really love 'em. They're an active supporter or hardworking Americans. I'm asking you a favor, go check out their flavors. Michael, what'd you get? The blueberry crumble. Did you love it? Does Avita drink it too? Shameful. Shameful. Shame of you're fired. Avita says she's not ready. You better start drinking car. I know. She's like, you can't. She's calling HR right now. Paula. Paula, we got an hr. Get yourself some Blackout Coffee Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your order. Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Coupon code bonino 20% off your odor. Make the switch to Blackout Coffee, you're gonna thank me later.


And finally, genu cell could all use genus cell folks You know those visible dark marks and sunspots and other blemishes. The sun leaves behind. Until now, there wasn't a real solution. The revolutionary dark spot corrector from our friends at Genus Cell Skincare can help visibly fade away dark marks, dark marks, excuse me, sunspot scars, and other signs of discoloration all over your skin. I know a lot of scars. It's coming handy for me. With three cutting edge ingredients help those viable signs of aging disappear right before your eyes. You'll be amazed at how quickly you can see the results. You can now enjoy the summer Sun Beach and barbecues without those pesky spots. As always, you'll see the results are your money back, no questions asked. Right now, get the dark spot corrected with every gen you sell Skincare most popular package for over 70% off. Plus, save an extra 25% off automatically apply to checkout for World-Class skincare that works guaranteed or your money back. Order yours right now and get the Gen 90 instant for immediate results on all your trouble spots in as little as 12 hours. GENU c.com/dan genus sell.com/dan. Visit genus sell.com/dan now and get a free spa box with two bonus gifts and free shipping. Genus sell.com/dan. That's genus sell.com/dan. Thank you Genus ell.


Now Ladies and gentlemen, here is a bit of inconvenient truth right here. There's this clip. It's a CBS clip. It's kind of an inside joke in the show because I keep telling 'em to find the BET Black Black Entertainment television clip. but it was CBS covering it so no one could find it. They're like, what freaking clip is he talking about? Well, it's this one here. I want you to listen to the answer Biden gives. This is the first time we've seen an opening where Joe Biden is leaving an opening. 'cause he's a narcissistic crazy person to get out of the race. And he says this. And then all of a sudden, this was before the Covid thing. Check this out. Earlier, The president sat down with journalist Ed Gordon for an interview with BET News. Gordon asked the president if there is anything, including family members that would make him reevaluate staying in the race If there had some medical condition that emerged.


If somebody, if the doctors came to me and said, you got this problem, that problem, Sorry folks, a lot of people reaching out. So gotta get, gotta get some work done too. You'd be stunned that all the information still coming in on everything folks. It's interesting, he decided to go on black entertainment television. Say if a doctor tells him to get out that he'll get out of the race. Why don't you sit out here that he'll get outta the race? It's interesting he said that because his in fact, black Secretary of Defense, who, Jim, how many times is Biden gonna mispronounce or forget Lloyd Austin's name? Is this like the 10th clip we played of this? It's interesting. The one person he can never seem to remember his name is this Black Secretary of Defense, Lloyd Austin.


Here he is. Lloyd Austin is now known, I guess amongst Democrats. Did you hear Michael as the black man? He has a name. Folks. He has a name. This is your hero here. Democrats check this out. It's all about, it's all about treating people with dignity and it's about making sure that well coming, for example, look at the heat I'm getting because I, I named a, the Secretary Defense, a black man. I named Kanji Brown. I mean because of the people I've made. Jim, can you and Michael work on this? Guys, I need a favor. This is really important. Okay?


Can we get together a face name thing, like a chart for Biden? So he remembers the black man and Javier Bach, right? Javier Baia. He doesn't, this guy doesn't know anybody's name. There is freaking cabinet. Imagine me going, Hey Anna, my name's Avita. Oh shit. Like we just lost a, I forgot your name. Hey, producer Joe. Dan. It's Jim. I, we actually wrote a book together. Hey Mark, it's Mike, dude. The guy doesn't know anybody's name on the team. He's not the black man dude. His name is Lloyd Austin. Holy shit, brother. Get your freaking shit together, man.


Couple more things. How bad this is getting for Team Biden. Nancy Pelosi, Ladies and gentlemen is known she has a reputation lover or hater. It's true. Nancy Pelosi has a reputation for keeping Democrat problems in-house and in-house only Yas Ali's a pretty wired in guy. Like you say, you don't have to agree with the guy and stuff. I'm just saying he seems to get a lot of decent scoops and some stuff. He says there are a few things Pelosi hates more than these problems spilling out in the public. She works behind the scenes. The leak's happening tonight about, she's talking about a couple days ago, the 17th obviously him, that these are really extraordinary. And she tell people a lot, folks, the word's gone out.


Obama, Schumer, Axelrod, the pod bros, they are all out. The knives are out. The proverbial knives are out using the old Roman analogy for Biden. And listen, he's in a lot of trouble, man. He's in a world of trouble. My humble opinion. Neither him nor the secret service director politically survive over the next weeks and months. There's just no way. Now he gets c Biden. I wish the man well, you know, we're never gonna do Democrat shit like that. Like, hey, hope he dies. Like that's crazy liberal bullshit. No, I hope he faces the voters is what I hope. And I hope he gets better. Okay, go You know Covid can be really rough on older folks.


New York Post, he's now openly receptive about leaving folks. I, I'm, I'm not sure he's receptive in as much as they're looking for a path out where narcissistic Joe Biden can preserve his reputation. What he's like, what I'm, I'm I'm just talking about Democrats. I mean, obviously with us it's like a total clown show. Avita, can you join me for a second here before we go to the clips? I just, so folks obviously You know Avita launched a new show, early edition with Avita. I wanna personally thank you as I know she does as well. She's already a top hundred, 200 live streamer in the world with early edition with ata.


I, I said to her, did I not tell you this? I said, Avita, you know, your show is amazing, but the craziest thing is the worst show you ever did is yesterday. 'cause you're only gonna get better. I I I think you share the same gratitude towards this amazing audience we have. I do. I I was blown away by it when I first saw the numbers. It was shocking. but I mean, that's the Bonino Army You know that That is So the bun, that's that's what it is. You said that it is the Bongino Army and just your You know, you've been with us in this room. You know, we heard all the speeches. We've seen the RNC you know, the energy here has been absolutely crazy. The Rumble room's been nuts. Your general take on the RNC, we had Nel over here before. I mean, you're a Gen Zer. Yeah. Like You know the Nel Boys.


Do you feel like for young voters that this may be a different election than other elections you've seen prior? It's going to a hundred percent be a different election. There are so many things animating young people. I think the biggest thing is the Make America Great Against Slogan, really. I, I think connects with us because we don't live in a great America as at this point. I mean, there's young people who have suicide, depression, anxiety off, off the charts. They don't have the same future that our parents did. Not able to afford a home. Yeah. I mean, there's a lot of things that make us look at our future and go, wow, it's really bleak. And you look at Joe Biden, you're like, that's not, that's not the future. That's not gonna help us. And Trump is actually offering a solution to the, the, the issue plaguing our generation.


And, and, and he speaks plainly. He does. Like young people they see through bullshit. You know. Yeah. They really do. Like they, they, they see it. A lot of 'em are kids are from the street and stuff. They see through the bullshit and he speaks plainly. We're gonna launch, gee the show tomorrow. We're gonna run on my feed, right? Okay. Vita's home for the podcast is Rumble dot com slash bonino report. But tomorrow, because I want my Rumble audience to all go and follow that Rumble dot com slash bonino report, it's a different channel than the one you're watching on Rumble dot com slash bonino. We are gonna launch a vita's spectacular show. Well not launch, it's been out there, but on mine tomorrow. Just to get it out there. I'm asking you a personal favor. Give her a follow on that channel. Follow her show. Spread the word Bino, army groin families, do the right thing.


Thanks Avita. Great show. Thanks. We Really appreciate. Thanks. Awesome. So, because we were at the RNC here and the content was really overwhelming. I mean, I mean that in a good way. We, we did not expect it. We were up on the second floor. So the first couple days, You know guests didn't know we were up here. When the rumor got out at the RNC, that Rumble was upstairs. Everybody was up here. If you saw my podcast before with with Russell Brand, you see what I mean? people weren just rocking and rolling. And then everyone from Marco Rubio to Nigel Farage, we had the whole crew. We got so much content that we did a couple additional interviews for you. I really hope you're gonna watch these just happened a few hours ago right before the Trump speech.


I know you're gonna love 'em. You're gonna love these guests. I don't wanna tell you who they are. So check this out and then we'll come right back. These are some short clips. Take a look again, promise you the best interviews. I have been just itching to interview this gentleman. I've known 'em for a long time. Listen, I never faked the funk on this show at all. I ran for Congress in his district. I got my ass kicked. I knew Byron. He came up to me. He was so friendly. Him and his, his beautiful wife, who by the way, in her own right is she is just a ringer for school choice. I mean, just look her up. Erica has her own separate thing going. Byron was always kind to me. He was the state rep over there. Everybody told me, pay attention to this guy.


He's an up and comer. He's now the congressman in that seat. And Byron Donald's my first question to you, you know, you and I are both, you know, we're street kids, man. We're, we're not no civiliz moon babies. you know, none of us grew up rich. All of a sudden you find yourself plunged into the national conversation as a candidate for vice president of the United States. And from what I heard was very credible conversations. This wasn't bullshit. You and your wife must be sitting there like, damn, like this is the greatest freaking country on earth, man. So it's funny, Monday night You know president obviously made the pick for jd J D's gonna do a great job for us. Yeah. He he's gonna do a great job on the ticket. He's already off to a fast start. A classy guy.


He's the best. I'm sitting in the box and the president's about to come out. Yeah. And I'm looking out over the arena floor and I say to myself like, damn, how the hell did I get here? Like this. This is Nuts, man. Like saying, my wife and I say it all the time I'm sitting here. You ever say like, I don't deserve this You know? Yes, we say it all the time Because when I'm in, when I'm on Capitol Hill, you talk about, you know, growing up in the street when I'm on Capitol, Hill, you know, you see the guys that work for the janitorial team architect, architect of the capitol, staff staff. I'd see those guys every single day, talk to 'em all the time. Real folks. One of the, one of the other members came up to me, And. they said, listen, the staff, these guys all like you And. they like, you just are really cool with them. And I told 'em like, because I'm them.


Yeah. Man, I'm two decisions, I'm two decisions in my life away from working in the capitol as opposed to not working on Capitol. Hill. Yeah. And those two different things, three decisions away from either still being a political activist, but now being in that box with President Trump. So this whole journey is, has been surreal. And so I, I really wanna appreciate the process and not just go through the You know how we go through it day in day, day in, day out. But really appreciate that process. But man, I gotta tell you, this thing is wild. It's crazy. Yeah. but it, it's humbling. And, and I'm really appreciative because life's a funny thing and, and then things are working out well. But it's, it's a lot of work. It's a lot of grind behind the scenes that people don't know.


You know one thing about you, I've always admired, again, we go back a couple years, You know when, when the congressional seat first opened up, Francis Rooney in 19 decides not to run the guy I lost Sue in the primary You. know it's interesting, you and I had a conversation and you're not one of these guys who's like rushing to the front of the line for stuff. I hate that. Like You know. You get these guys out there, it's all about them. Like with JD was different. Like J D's a Yale lawyer, he is a Marine, he's a bestselling author. you know, he won this seat fair in Square, but you weren't like, You know what I'm gonna run for president tomorrow. Like, I'm just, you, you really thought about running for Congress. You were a state rep. Your wife is a huge advocate for school choice. You guys were so well respected out there and listen, like any race you could have lost, right?


but I remember chatting and I begged you to run. I was like, I, I know that district man. I knocked on thousands of doors in the Cape You, know Fort Myers everywhere. And I said, man, brother, you gotta run. These people love you. And I'm, I, I was so glad, like you took a second to just take it all in before you kind of jumped in the mix. And now again, we're talking about you for potential vice President You know this is just, it's come full circle. Well, look, the crazy part is when you called me about, about the race. Yeah. My wife will tell you I didn't wanna run. I know you didn't. I could Sense it. I was, I was ready to leave. Politics could Sense It. Like State House was successful. We did a lot of stuff, a lot of the school choice policies that now around the country, everybody says, oh look what Florida's doing.


I was a part of that when I was in the state legislature. Yeah. So I was ready to go home and talking to you, talking to a, a couple, a handful of people. It wasn't many. It was probably about six, seven people who were like, you really need to think about this. You really need to look at this and, and don't say no, don't tell people you're not running. Just think about it. And I took probably about a good long month to really process did I want to really engage in this? But I've never been afraid to fail. Yeah. It's important. Like Failures, you can't worry about failure. Failure is gonna come on the journey. The only thing I said to myself is, look, I'm gonna run hard. If I lose, I lose. I'm just gonna go home and, and be with my family. Make money and enjoy life.


But if you win, then that just means there's another step God has in front of you. Let's just, let's just go chase that train and see what happens. But You know the thing I don't like, and I, I'll tell this, I'll tell you this all the time. Yeah. We've been in events where you get, people always try to like posture themselves to be in position every time. Man, I hate that. I just, I just hate it. I don't like doing So you and I, you and I being like, street kids have a different kind of sense for this stuff. Like the bullshit detector ding, ding, ding goes up right away. Right? Yeah. Yeah. And some people don't have that. Like we have I think pretty decent good social IQs where like that dude's full of shit. A hundred percent. And you could attest there's a lot of full of shit people out there In this game. Tics. Yes. Yeah. In this game. Yes. You know. And I think that, look, we were talking this morning in the hotel room about Rick Scott and about how You know Rick Scott was, I guess the pioneer of the outsider businessman way back in 2010.


Yeah. When Rick Scott basically bucked the political establishment and said, I don't care about any of these guys I'm running. Yeah. And he was, and listen, from the stories I was told, he was laughed at in the donor class. They were like, who you, Who's this guy? You Can't do it. It's not your turn. He bucked that trend. Donald Trump definitely has bucked that trend. Now you have JD Vance at 39 on being the vice presidential nominee, very, very likely to be the next vice president of the United States. What that has done in our politics is that now it's about merit and capabilities and abilities as opposed to I stood in line You Know it's my turn to do, To do the glad handing and now it's my turn and I've supported the guy in front of me and I've been a team player and blah, blah, blah.


I think that's really led to political rot in the, in the parties. And so this movement that, that that Donald Trump has really exploded, has brought a movement of merit into politics where if you can do the job, people reward you. Yeah. And if you can't thank you for your service, but it's not about you. Yeah. It's about the people that we serve. Byron, I wanna say, and I say to your lovely wife Erica and my wife Paula, we married up both of us. We don't even deserve this. Yeah. But You know they tolerate us here. Paula, I not say this guy was the easiest bet in the world. You're like, oh, I didn't know if I was gonna win. If I, if I was an unethical gambling man, I would've put a million cold cash that you were winning that damn primary. So you're a very humble guy.


I knew you were gonna win. Listen, last question, I don't want to keep you that long, but You know you did something I really appreciated during your first congressional race too. That You know Byron, we all got a background. It makes us who we are. And, you know, a couple people decided, oh, we're gonna go after Byron Donalds You know. Because in the kid he had when he was a kid, he had this troubling moment or whatever, And, you know, we talked, I remember and you said, You know what? I'm gonna roll right into this. I'm gonna get on tv and I'm gonna say, yeah, you're damn right man. When I was a kid, I was rough and tumble kid. And why do you think I am right now? Where is these other guys And? they give these bullshit flowery speeches. I so respected that because You know what every single voter out there is. Like You know what?


That's me too. We've all done dumb shit. Yeah. Like this guy's, you just embraced it and ran with it instead of pretending like these other guys. Like it was like some flowery bullshit or something and, and just glossed over it. Why hide? I am who I am. My past is my, is my past. If you wanna support me, support me. If you don't, okay. If I lose a political race, that's life. Yeah. I'm not concerned about the losing. I, I'm, I'm much more concerned with not giving it my best effort. And I feel like to try to hide things from the public, especially in today's world, that's stupid. You're not gonna get away with that anyway. I would rather you see the entirety of my life, the mistakes, the warts, successes.


I Wrote a whole book about it failures Everything all in between because You know what happens and it's Foamy otherwise Your failures actually help you become the person you need to be. A hundred percent brother. A hundred percent. Not your successes. No, your successes are just like the out work. You don't learn Anything from successes. It could have been luck, You know what I'm saying? That's exactly right. The failures. You go, I'm not doing that again. And hundred percent, hundred percent. I so respected you that took such balls to do. I know I said exit question, but one more You know, I don't expect you to answer this here and nor do I wanna answer, but there's a, there's so much talk about you in a spot in the next administration. You know you governorship of Florida You know, I, I don't want you to answer. I know you're committed to Congress right now and your job, but you are a rising star in the party whether you like it or not.


And you mean a lot to a lot of people because the Republican party's really done terrible with black voters for a long time. And the message that barbershop appearance you did was just, dude, that was gold brother. That was fucking gold. I sat there, I was like, this is what we need. Like real people, you and Wesley and it just talking to people like normal people, you know, if, if called president calls You know, do you serve or you feel better fit in Congress, other things in mine. You right. I'm not gonna answer. That's all I needed to hear my brother, man. Thanks. Love you baby man. Love, love you too. Thanks Byron Donald folks, one of the best. Thanks so much. Appreciate it. Another guest, I happen to corral this collab going on everywhere right now.


My good friend Mike Lindell. Mike, welcome to the show. Ah, Dan, thanks for having me on. Hey first, listen, I I just wanna your comment on the whole parallel economy and cancel culture. No one, no one is taking more slings than ours than you in the cancel culture front. And I want to thank you and the company for always backing up conservative content. You know that old dopey expression, put your money where your mouth is. But in your case, it's true. There are conservative shows out there that would go under and not exist if MyPillow this extremely successful company wasn't willing to invest in them and this kind of symbiotic relationship. So I wanna thank you 'cause a lot of people out there don't know how much you invest in conservative content and it's really appreciated by a lot of People. Well, thanks Dan. but it there, that works both ways.


My pillow with all being canceled, we wouldn't be here without the audiences of great shows like yours. So it works both Ways. They're loyal. The Bonino army is loyal. Absolutely are loyal. They're amazing. And I, and God bless em, that they, they basketball, You won't be upset of me if I tell you my favorite product, right? 'cause I'm gonna No, no what to slippers, Man. Yeah. Aren't they awesome? You know, They're like, I know they're not You know why they're not awesome? Because you don't wanna take 'em off. Right? And you can't, like if you gotta a funeral or a wedding, you gotta take the darn slippers off. You know And, you know, every product I develop or invent, we reverse engineer inside those slippers. The MyPillow patent and foam and impact gel, which is made outta soybeans. Actually, this guy came to me, he goes, look at this. He's, he's demoing this impact gel for use for other stuff. And I go, wow. He said, it disperses the weight and support. I go, those would be great in slippers. so we did It. Yeah. Now you don't want to take 'em off.


So the the cancel culture folks have come after you. Listen, I, I've seen it. I've seen it. And you've managed somehow to not only keep the company alive, but but generally thriving. Are you sensing a change though? Mike, Microsoft, which is unquestionably a left-leaning company. Microsoft, it's starting now to draw money out of its DEI department. You saw what happened with John Deere, I'm sure. Tractor Supply. Yeah. You know. Totally rejecting this woke DEI stuff. Yeah. You know you were doing it when it wasn't cool. Right? Right. That's right. Now it's the cool, but are you sensing as a guy who's been a victim of it, an actual sea change, not a talking point, sea change where the tide's starting to turn? Yeah, I, I do. And, and by the grace of God, by the way, we got through everything and we're getting through You know we've been, gee, bank de platform back store's gone.


I think it's, I put my company as the most attack company in history. I mean, it's just You know attack, but that it is changed. They still attack my company because I'm speaking out about fix, securing our elections and supporting the president. Yeah, they hate that. Yeah, they hate, it's all right. But I think it's changed. I think the it is changing and everything's changing. Everything is, we're breaking on through to the other side and it's, it's gonna be amazing. Everybody, I You know one of the things people don't realize too, that affects all the small business You know when he got in the firsthand, shut down the pipeline, open up the borders. It's not just what you're paying at the pump for gas. It's the shipping costs. you know, I mean, shipping costs two and a half times what I now charge for a, a MyPillow, what we get, what I get charged.


Right. That You know that affects all the groceries. Everything goes up, come that. But having companies stand up and stand up and speak out, say, Hey, well, You know we need 'em right here in the USA And that is changing. I think people are getting, courage is contagious. Yeah. And I'm hope I've led You know at least maybe with God, through God leading the charge on that. Because you know, I tell that to our great real president all the time. I said, sir, courage is contagious. And I, I look at his courage and he inspires me. I mean, that picture's iconic. Yeah. Yeah. You know last question. And yourself, by the way, Too. Thank I wanna tell you That right now. Thank you. I, I'm, I'm humble. I mean, you know, listen, you and I have been friends for a long time. Last question for you. you know, you and I have been around politics for a while. We were at the RNC in 2020.


It was largely virtual. Some of it was at the White House. We were all excited about President Trump. but I think we can both agree. The atmosphere was kind of down. You had Antifa outside. BLM was outside the White House. Covid was going on. There was just a funk in the nation. And everybody, that is definitely not the case. I see you walking around folks. I mean, really outside of President Trump. I don't think anyone's taking more selfies than Mike. I don't know how you do it. Like you have taken so many Well, you are Jet JI always say You know. I remember the days when the only one that wanted my picture were the cops. So, well, I well, you Actually can. Yes. And that's in your book, this story. Yeah. but I You know if ai That's true though. If this AI starts doing facial recognition stuff and becomes self-aware, you are never gonna be able to hide anywhere.


'cause you're in probably a million selfies. Yeah. But are you sensing the energy, it's disparity here that you people are Stoked. It's so, you know, I was there in 16 and 20 and, and 24 here and it's totally different. It's like, you know, I walked out, you know, the Antifa and we were Yeah, me too. 2020. I walked right through 'em. It was crazy. And. they, here, I've been out at the premise, I've been outside. I've walking, I gotta walk a mile in here by myself for my wife and Yeah. And people just coming up. There's no no. The nicest people, right? The nicest people between Uber, Uber drivers and the hotel crews. Yeah. The, everybody's excited. I'm going And, you know, this same, you know, just here. I expected that because you know why? I was in Chicago a month ago and I did an event and all I did was buy invite Democrats that were now gonna be voting for Donald Trump.


And there was about 450 of them. And we had this event, and I, and I was interviewing him all, why are you gonna vote for Donald Trump? And you voted for Biden? But what came outta their mouth was just so inspiring and encouraging. One of the biggest thing that came out was the Hispanics and the blacks saying, you know what, since they, they're pouring into Chicago that the illegals and they're employers, rotten employers are paying them cash. And then plus all the resources. You know I was heavy into addiction with crack cocaine. It's an amazing story. Story. And all the addiction places, the treatment places and stuff, all the illegals, they're funding all this stuff. And I, and they're taking their, these guys don't have And. they, they're here legally. And they're not. And they're getting shoved out of their, out of their resource or their, and they're Taxpayer funded.


Yeah. They're tax funded resources. And it's, it's very sad. But they're, they, I was encouraging 'em all. I go, you guys, that's gonna change. And they're finally going. Now we believe that a different, you need a different input to get a different output. Mike. Well, I know it was well said. Last question, but one quick FF follow up on that. you know, you and I love Jesus Christ. you know, you came, you had a trouble background You know, like I did, and we've both been through some things in our life. Right. But the only way out is Jesus, man. Jesus Says ab Absolutely. You have to ask though, right? That right. You Have to asks, I am my Lin. And you have to, you have to, you have to listen for the answer though too. Yeah. Because sometimes the answer's no. Yeah, That's right. you know, do you know everyone wanted to You know? I always wore my cross on tv.


I didn't get, do a full surrender. Jesus Christ. Are you ready for this? February 18th, two thou or 2017 And. you know why I, Dan, I always look at God, I use mathematics saying, You know that God exists. I go a one in a million, a one in a billion. This thing's like a one in million. This is like a one in a billion. This could never happen. And you add 'em all together. When do you consider it a miracle? And that's, and everybody should look at their own lives. I told our real president, I said, You know. I said, there's two buckets going on right now, sir. I said, this is your bucket, this mega bucket. And people are pouring in from both sides. And you never give 'em a reason to leave that bucket. All the bad things going on, they just keep jumping in this bucket every time they're attacking you.


I said that, I, I told 'em, pretty soon you have more votes than voters like Pennsylvania. And then I said, then there's another bucket. And that's the bucket of Jesus Christ. People do not look to Jesus when things are going great. Like December of 2019, your physical lives had all gotten better here 'cause of our great president's decisions. But you're, but no one was given thanks to the Lord. They were given thanks to, to, to God. And people come out to me all the time, And. they go, they go, Mike, this doesn't feel like grace. I go, oh. but it is. People are pouring into this bucket of Jesus Christ and being saved. And that's what it's all about. Eter Jesus. God bless you, Mike Bless You.


know mypillow.com folks, You know the company. They've been great to our show weather shows. Thanks a lot, Mike. Appreciate it. Have amo code. Dan. Right, Dan Me.


And I hope you like that. I knew you would. We only brought, we only brought you the biggest banger guests out there. It's been an amazing experience. I wanna thank you for supporting the show. Ladies and gentlemen, we melted the internet this week with Rumble. We were the number one live stream in the world pretty much every day. A Vita's new show was a top hundred stream. It's been an incredible week. I owe it all to you. As always, download the Rumble app, Rumble dot com slash bonino. If you wanna watch online, give us a follow. Give Aveta a follow at Bonino report on Rumble. Follow us on Apple and Spotify, her account as well. We so deeply appreciate it. What a special experience this whole thing was. And as Avita said before, I just want to echo man, it's all about the Bonino Army my entire life outside of God, my family and my country is dedicated to you guys.


It's my job, it's my profession. I owe you the best. And I promise you nothing less. Thanks so much for a great week. I will see you back here on Monday. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.