
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. You know, folks, we talk about the incompetence of bureaucracies and government officials all the time, and it's for a very simple reason. Governments are run by third parties. Third parties. You know, you have, you have you, you have say a doctor, and then you have government that gets in the way. If they pay for medicine, the third party has the least amount of skin in the game. You under you. You all get that. I know you're smart. But to the liberals who may be tuning into my show today who don't understand basic human dynamic sociology and psychology, if you were paying a doctor, the doctor has an interest in giving you good service.


So you don't shit mount the guy on Yelp. You have an interest in living. So you go to a good doctor. If you put the government in charge of healthcare, they give zero shits at all about what the doctor does or you do. They just want you out of their hair and to get reelected. Why am I bringing this up at the beginning of the show? Because why these people in these liberal places continue to accept the suffering, wildfires, crime, people being set on fire of governments that have destroyed their lives despite the government. Having zero interest in fixing anything is just stunning that you are willing to lose everything over government incompetence.


And yes, this is the time to talk about it. Unbelievable, man. I'll show you what I mean coming up. I got a big show for you today. The Trump Press conference yesterday. A ton of stuff came out. Of course, the media melting down, losing their minds over that big show today.


Try Beams Dream Powder. Get up to 45% off our limited time at shop Beam dot com slash bino. Use code bonino at checkout. Get yourself a good night sleep.


As I said, a big show. We're gonna talk about something Trump said yesterday. Also, that pretty much confirms what I've been telling you about this pipe bomber. FBI scandal too. It's gonna be the biggest story of our time. You heard it here first.


Hey, we're in crunch time right now. A new administration's gonna be sworn in, but as great as that is, it could also mean our enemies have days left to stir up. Trouble. Could mean a cyber attack, an invasion, God forbid, a nuclear strike. They're always sitting there waiting for emergencies happen. And they're, that's why they're emergencies. You don't see 'em coming. I'm not taking any chances. I have. And I buy my emergency food for my Patriot Supply right now. They're offering a hundred dollars off their three month emergency food kit. The kit contains 2000 calories per day for three whole months. Plenty to get you through even a prolonged emergency stock up today. All my Patriot Supply food kits last up to 25 years in storage. Plus they come in rugged weatherproof buckets. Go to my patriot supply.com right now. Order your three month emergency food kit and get a hundred dollars off. I have an emergency food supply in my house 'cause my safety and security are worth it. So is yours. Go to my patient supply.com or to your three month emergency food kit now and get $100 off. Once again, that's my patriot supply.com. My patriot supply.com.


All right fellas, let's go. What happened? Hell no. Oh, nice. Look, it works, man. Folks, I got, listen, I'm gonna be straight with you 'cause I don't like messing around and you guys are part of the show too. We are seriously at, right guys? Like super crunch time for moving into the new studio. Like now we're, we were, it was years then months now we're down to weeks, potentially days like it might actually happen. It feels like it may actually happen now, but wouldn't you guys agree? It's almost like there's like a cyber dying system built into our computer that knows we're about to leave. You ever see Terminator? It's like it's become self-aware, right? And it's so pissed off. We're leaving. It's now messing with us everywhere, right? It's like everything is like breaking down at the same time.


Si Cyber net or cyber net. It is a, it's self-aware. It's like giving us the double barrel. It's like, hi, you give the double barrel, I'm giving you it back. But the new studio is, oh, getting ready to open up soon. We're gonna have a big party, Justin, sorry, a little congested still from that trip. And I feel great. Justin was like, Hey man, are we gonna do a party in there? Yes. I got like a little mini golf course on the side just for you guys to have a little bit of, I'm not even kidding. So this is gonna be great. We're all gonna have a good time. But let me get to a really sad story first, folks, listen, I've been warning you forever about the perils of government one time. I'm, I'm driving outta the mountains in Maryland Mountain. There's a mountainous part of Maryland for those of you who aren't familiar with the region out in the western portion of Maryland, near Pennsylvania, West Virginia.


And that's where I was running for Congress. So it's a really long drive to where I live. 'cause Maryland's really wide, right? So I used to listen to C-SPAN once in a while because it was the only station I could get. And I'm listening to this lecture by Father Bob Sarco, who is a libertarian type guy, works at the act and duties of priest. And he's talking about government. And I've addressed this before, but he's like, it's, it's not that government's too big. It's just, it's too stupid. Government doesn't wanna know anything because it doesn't have to know anything. So when you see what's happening with these tragic wildfires in la, which are people are losing everything, insurance companies cannot get into the California market because California government screwed data.


There is nothing California politicians in this haven't screwed up. Whether you love or hate insurance companies is your business, not mine, folks. It's, I'm not gonna get into that. I'm just gonna tell you this. Insurance companies are not in California because California won't let insurance companies do what they do, which is ensure risk. They won't let 'em do that. So these people are losing everything in a massive tragedy. We're on multiple radio stations out there. It's an area I traveled to used to a lot out in Los Angeles. I had a doctor friend out there, he since passed after Covid. But a really good guy. And it is an unbelievable human tragedy. I'm telling you this, a lot of this stuff was preventable.


Donald Trump had warned people about the danger of poorly managing fire prone areas. This government can't get anything right? And I don't understand why, why some folks in these places, I'm not telling you, nobody deserves any of this. Don't that, don't that. That's disgusting. We're not going down that road at all. Okay? You know, house doesn't deserve to burn down because of your politics. That's just stupid. But I always ask this question all the time. When is it gonna get bad enough? I mean, we have hurricanes in Florida all the time. Another natural disaster. Look at this, by the way, this has gone viral. This is a guy inside his house surrounded by a wall of fire. If you're listening on Apple and Spotify, this is like, if you ever had a nightmare about what it would be like to be caught in your home in the middle of a wildfire, look at this poor dog.


Now, the good news to this, if there is any, is I, I did some homework on this 'cause I don't wanna put you in a horrible mood of being in the show. The dog and the, the, the man there in the video are okay. They did evacuate. But you look at this video, I don't know how the hell they did it because the whole house is surrounded by a wall of fire, maybe outside the front door. It was okay folks, this stuff was manageable. Florida has this hurricane problem. Getting back to my point. We had Ron DeSantis, we had Rick Scott, we had competent governors here who figured out a way to manage this natural disaster problem. California's prone to wildfires. You have lightning strikes, you have any sparks can be generated anywhere. Construction size, you have a dry environment.


What did they do? They screwed up the water management draining off necessary water from reservoirs to protect the three inch fish. What else did they do? The insurance market, they destroyed it. The government regulated it to death and said, you guys can't price risk. We're gonna price control you. They said, well, if we can't make money, we're outta here. And that's what happened. Then you have the, the DEI fire commissioner over there talking about DEI initiatives. Then you have them. They can't rank the the power companies. They, the power companies have to turn off power because they won't let the power companies invest in actual fire management. 'cause they're busy investing. What freaking green energy bro.


These people are getting you killed. And yes, it is the right time to talk about it. 'cause people are losing everything. And where's the freaking LA Mayor Karen Bass, by the way, an absolute life loser. She's over in what? ARMRA Ghana for the presidential election. What the hell does that a step do during fire season in Los Angeles? She's not even in town. You doubt me. Here, listen to a local news report. Check this out. You're Wondering where is LA Mayor Karen Bass? She's been in Ghana, so she's apparently on her way back. That's why we have not seen her on the scene.


We saw Governor Newsom at the scene earlier. We know that President Biden happens to be in town, but we have not seen him on camera with all of this. Justin says, that's really, at least she's headed back. That's very nice. She's headed back. Thank you Madam Mayor. Thank you for headed back while your city burns to the ground. Do the people out there. I don't care about your politics. My heart is with you. And yes, I do pray for people like that. And I don't care if liberals think it, think it's hokey or not. I don't really give a shit. That's why you're liberal losers. And I'm not. But I will continue to say a prayer for you at night for the strength to deal with this. That's all I can pray for. I can't pray for outcomes. I, I, I'm not, I don't know God.


I don't pretend to. I love God, but I don't pretend to know him. He knows me. But I'm not smart enough to know about God. But I know I can pray for strength. And for those of you are like, well, what the hell do You know about this? I lost my house in a fire. I lived with my aunt and an uncle for a long time in au au and Nassau County. We lost an entire house due to a fire burned to the ground. The dog died. I lost everything I have. I don't own anything from prior to was I 19, 19, 20 years old? I don't own anything actually. I take that by a pair of Doc Marten boots that magically survived Doc Mart. I dunno what they're made of. Who knows? Maybe they're made of some fire proof material. I have no idea. But they managed to survive.


That was it. They're not wearable 'cause they smell like smoke. But it was the only thing I have. All my family pictures are from friends. So I know exactly what it's like to lose everything. Exactly. And You know what? It sucks. And You know what the worst part about living through a fire is and losing everything is, you don't even know what you lost until you need it. Anyone in the chat ever been through this? I hope you haven't. But if you haven chime in, You know what I'm talking about, right? It'll be a year later and you'll be like, oh my gosh. You know, I need my diploma for, oh yeah, that burned too. You'll go for a job interview. They'll ask you for your diploma back in the day when you had to produce a hard copy. Now you can just digitally do it.


You'll be, you'll be looking for, you'll be like, You know what? You'll be watching some movie. And you'd be like, oh man, I had a book about that movie. It was signed, but oh yeah, that's gone too. My mom before, You know, obviously passed, but she bought me a Mickey Mantle card and we went to the Baseball Hall of Fame. It was the most expensive thing she ever bought me. It was like $150 back in. It was a late one. It was like 1965 or So. I remember thinking, man, that Mickey man, oh yeah, I lost that too. People are gonna lose everything. I'm just asking you. I'm not telling you again. Republicans are the solution to all your problems, guys in LA or anywhere else. I'm simply telling you that liberal Democrats are the cause of your problems.


I'm not telling you Republicans are gonna be able to fix 'em. I'm just telling you, if the cause of your problems is this, at least excise that problem and try something else. If it doesn't work, you can always go back to the problem. There's no downside for it at all. I was gonna play this video the other day and I gotta tell you, I'm glad it didn't fit into the show because it fits in right here perfectly. Showing you again, the incompetence of government. Think about what you do for government. You work your ass off every single day. Every single person in this chat. You work your ass off every day to feed your family, right? You give government anywhere from 20 to 40% or more of your money.


Think about that. Four out of every 10 hours for a lot of you, between state, federal, local government, property taxes, school taxes, four out of every 10 hours you work to support government. They can't educate your kids in liberal cities. They can't keep you from being burned on the subway. They can't actively do fire control. So your house doesn't burn down. They're totally unprepared in disaster response. When something happens, like in Asheville, the flooding in Asheville, they can't do anything, right? And yet you work nearly half your life to support these assholes in government. And you wonder why I'm such a conservator at heart and hates every dollar I give to the government outside of our military and constitutionally protected rules of government, police force and things like that.


Why? Because they suck. They cannot do anything right? Everything they touch, they destroy. It's not just that they can't do anything, right? It's that they, pardon my language, they fuck everything up all the time. If you had a private company of people, I'm not kidding you, with an eighth grade education doing land management in la, they would've figured out burn control and fire management better than these freaking idiots. You're working half your life to support. Yes, this is the time. I wanna show you this video. Remember the disastrous flooding in Asheville, North Carolina, which by the way, they're still dealing with, they're not even close.


This thing isn't even one 1000th resolved. People were wiped out. You remember that? You had the hurricane that blew over, went in to complete wipe out of the town. It, it wasn't just North Carolina, it was other states too. You know that. I want you to listen to this. This is one of the officials, and I'm not blaming her. She's just reading the law. I, I wanna be clear. So don't You know, don't, it's not about the person, it's about the message here. They're given a press conference and they proceed to tell the people of the of North Carolina in that area, Hey man, listen, even though you have no home left, you better damn well pay them property taxes. What we paid you, the property taxes. You guys still can't do anything.


Nobody can ever do anything right in government. But make sure you pay the bill. Check this out as A reminder, today is the last day to pay your property tax bill before it becomes delinquent. Please note that North Carolina law does not permit property tax waivers or exceptions for natural disasters, including Hurricane Helene. Again, it's not about the woman. It has nothing to do with this. She's just reading this thing that was put in front of her about what the laws, I feel bad she had to do it. I'd feel bad she had to do it too. Sitting there reading this thing. Here's a reminder you have to pay. No one figured this out. Like maybe after the town was wiped out, someone should have got, I don't care if you're a Republican or Democrat, said, Hey, we're gonna put a suspension on this until we can reassess if these properties are even worth anything.


And these people may need their money. Like nobody thought of that. If it was a private company, I assure you they would've thought about it to keep their customers because the government is all about it all the time. They don't care. They're a third party. They don't give a shit. Pay your money or you're going to jail. Nobody else can do that. The doctor can't say, pay me, use me. I'm gonna put you in prison. The lawyer can't say that. But government can folks. Government sucks. Government shit. Government sucks. Everything the government does sucks all the time. Government sucks. Government sucks. You understand? Sucks.


There's nothing they do, right? Nothing. Thankfully we have brave men in our military, but the Pentagons even screwed that up. Government sucks. Federalist. 51 kids. Sometimes you wish men were angels 'cause we could get rid of these idiots. They are morons. Now, do you see why Trump, the wrecking ball? You see why people have gravitated to Donald Trump, North Carolina. I was reading a story the other day about counties in LA that are largely black, that have moved dramatically in the direction of Trump.


Five and six point games. It was in the Wall Street Journal, if you wanna check it out in the oped column, how the only place Trump lost votes, lost ground was with white rich liberals. I'm not making a racial game out of it. This was just the demographic breakdown. White, rich liberals love Democrats still, despite their places burning to the ground. Their subway system, shit, their education system, shit, everything's garbage. White rich liberals are so rich, they don't care. They can hire their own security and send their kids to private schools. That's the only reason they keep voting. Democrat blacks, Hispanics. And by the way, wealthy, wealthy black families moved in the direction of Donald Trump from 2020.


So it's not a rich person thing, it's a rich white person thing. The same people telling you about white rage and things like that. This is why Donald Trump resonates, because government sucks. And Donald Trump transactional, Donald Trump spreadsheet. Donald Trump, who does not want to play political games, he just, he doesn't care how you do things. That's why this records, man, I'm, I'm like in a man, this is, hold on. Thank you John for blackout, for making one of my better openings in a long time. Kids in a mood today. This is why transactional Trump, when it comes down to this reconciliation package they're talking about, there's a big debate.


Do they do one big package and throw everything in it? When Trump swears in taxes, the border, national defense, everything. Or they do two Trump's at the point now he's like, guys, I don't give a shit how you get it done. I, here's what I want done. You do it. I prefer one big package. Trump's saying at this point, I don't care. You get it done, but you better damn well get it done. Or I'm gonna put the squeeze to you. That's what leadership is. That's what BHAGs are. Big, hairy, audacious goals. The man is transactional. He sees the world as a spreadsheet. People are tired. Republicans, Democrats, libertarians, black voters, Hispanic voters. They're tired of the passionate speeches about coexistence and DEI and we all gotta get along.


Just do your freaking job and get the hell outta my life and make sure my place don't freaking burn down. Trump gives a pressor yesterday. He brings up a common sense thing. Hey, we've got this massive place called Greenland, right to our northeast full of valuable minerals. It'd be great for surveillance. The national defense. Why don't we get it? Liberty, who? Stupid ideas up man? You mean a st. Same stupid ideas. Taxing the shit outta your citizens and not engaging in basic burn control and letting an entire city burn down. You mean that stupid? It's crazy. This wasn't even part of the show, right? I threw this thing in the beginning.


We're now 20 minutes in. Nothing pisses me off more than government. You wanna show that loves government finding a 'cause. This ain't it. I hate it. I can't stand it. When they say a necessary evil, I want you to focus on the evil portion of it. Take a quick break and I'll get back to the press conference yesterday. 'cause this Greenland thing, you everybody's talking about this all wrong. They don't understand transactional Trump. They just, I don't know how many times he's gonna do this and creep up on people before they figure it out. Hey, take a quick break.


Hold on. Blackout Coffee on the show. Now. You guys in the chat like the show today? You digging the open so far? Is it a little too much for you? Did I come out too hot and heavy? Gee, you're the ultimate guide. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. You know, have to, I need, I need a minute to figure this out.


Hey, So I just get back from this holiday trip, right? I swear. True story. I told you about it. I got really sick the second to last day of the trip. So we got a new sponsor, all family pharmacy. Thankfully, right before the trip, they reach out to Paula. Absolutely, a hundred percent true story. I hope You know that. And tell your fairytales. And they said, Hey, we wanna get you a travel kit. Thank, thankfully, thankfully we had it folks. All family pharmacy had us totally locked and loaded. They made it easy to get life-saving medications like ivermectin antibiotics, hydroxychloroquine blood pressure meds, you name it. No hassle, no red tape. Once you qualify for a prescription, they deliver fast. Two to four days or even overnight if it's urgent. Stock up now. Be ready for anything. This is a great company. Check 'em out. Visit all family pharma.com/bino. Go today. All family pharmacy. They make it super simple. Customize your odor. That's what we did. Thankfully, I had some anti-nausea, I had some antibiotics. I was set to go. I was good in one day. I I told you the story folks the other day. You don't need to see a doctor. They evaluate your request. Provide the prescriptions right for you. It's healthcare that works for you, not against you. So be proactive, not reactive. Emergencies happen like that. Protect your health. Here's what you need to do. Write this down. Go to all family pharma, PHAR ma.com, all family pharma.com/bino. All family all family pharma.com/bino. Order online use code BONINO 10 BINO one zero for 10% off your entire order. Again, it's all family pharma.com/bonino code bonino 10 for 10% off. Check them out. You're gonna love 'em. All family pharma and its products are not intended as substitute for professional medical treatment or advice. Consult with your healthcare provider. Thanks all. Family Pharmacy helped me out a lot on that trip. They know what I mean.


I told them right back to the show. So this happens yesterday at the press conference. The left wing media, ka scum, of course lose their minds 'cause they don't understand transactional Trump. They only understand speeches and bumper stickers about coexistence. Here he is talking about Panama, which is the Panama Canal, which has effectively been defacto taken over by the Chinese Communist Party, which is a national security threat. And Greenland, which would be a tremendous asset to the United States, both economically defense wise and for intelligence regions here is problem focused Trump, in contrast to the emotions focused media. Check this out. Greenland and yeah, the Panama Canal, so forth. Can you assure the world that as you try to get control of these areas, you are not gonna use military or economic coercion?


No. And can you tell us a little bit about what your plan is? Are you gonna negotiate a new treaty? Are you going to ask the Canadians to hold the vote? What? What is the Strategy? I can't assure you, you, you're talking about Panama and Greenland. No, I can't assure you on either of those two, but I can say this. We need them for economic security. The Panama Canal was built for our military. Military. I'm not gonna commit to that. Here's transactional Trump folks. You know, United States preeminence. Here's the way I look at this and the way you should look at it too, because I'm telling you, I have not spoken to Donald Trump about this.


Again, I do not have that kind of relationship with him. We have talked occasionally. At best we know each other. I don't know him like that. I hate when people exaggerate. They're closest to look like they're freaking players. They, we used to call that in the Secret service Big league. And people, Hey, look at me. Look at my, I'm just telling you, I've got a pretty decent sense from the conversations we've had that are limited of who the guy is. He is looking at this completely like a spreadsheet, which is the only way to look at it. He's saying a couple things. We are the world's freaking policeman and we have been forever. I don't even like that. We are. Let me be clear, I'm not making a value judgment on that. I'm just telling you. And You know it. It's true.


We're all over the world. They want us to protect everyone. Save the kids in Darfur, get involved in Afghanistan. Fight the terrorists here. Whether you agree or disagree with that, the US military has been effectively the NYPD police force for the entire globe since post World War ii. We just have, do you have any idea how many of our family members are dead, have lost limbs, have been mentally and emotionally scarred from fighting wars for other people's freedom? I want you to remember a name for me. The name's Gregory Ambrose. You may be asking who's Gregory Ambrose? I'll tell you. He's my uncle Dan. How do You know him? I don't.


He's dead. He died in Vietnam. He was killed in through duck shot in the back, saving his friends. He got the bronze star with a V device on it for doing it. You can read his story on the, those Vietnam wall sites. I've read it on the air many times. I never met him. It was my mother's brother. Obviously. He was killed the day he was supposed, the day he was supposed to come back. They had the welcome home signs the day he was supposed to come back. Two soldiers showed up instead. My grandmother was never the same. He died in Vietnam, not Toledo.


You have any idea how much blood we've shed on foreign soil? Please explain to me the liberals who lost their minds about this yesterday, why it's so ridiculous that we should go to Greenland and say, Hey, we have a strategic interest in some high level of cooperation. They don't have to become a state, become like the Virgin Islands or something like that. Or Guam, some protectorate. We could get engage in a common currency, common fiscal policy. Give them a, You know, give them an advisory, some advisory position. Put some, put some leadership over there. Put we could develop an expansive military base for intelligence surveillance recognizance over there.


You realize the, the, the, the national defense implications. Do you have any idea how many rare earth minerals there? What do they have? Can you look it up? How many residents do they have? Is it 57,000 or something? Now I don't wanna do Mar Gay Math Mar Gay or Brian Williams math. Was I right? Wow. I figured it'd be up. Someone must have told me that 57,000 you could give could give them $500,000 each. We'd still get the place at a bargain. You could. We would still get, we were giving away money everywhere to the whole world. We're flying people in from everywhere else. What is so crazy about this idea? Don't, don't tell me about your freaking emotions.


We just spent so much money buying Ukraine. That is a freaking awesome point. I did not even shame on me. I'm not even gonna say it. 'cause you're gonna, you can't one up the host and look better than him. You're gonna want you to have your own show. Ah, whatever. I'll tell you Justin said, we just spent billions of dollars basically financed in the Ukrainian military. Why can't we spend money to actually advance the interest in the United States? We own Ukraine now, right? I mean, shit, we've spent far more than it would cost to give a hundred thousand dollars to every resident of Greenland. What's crazy about this idea? Don't tell me about your emotions. We're gonna look No, no. You're talking about emotions. I don't give a shit what anything looks like. We're gonna look like an I don't care.


I'm not asking you about your emotions. Tell me where I'm wrong. Here's Don Jr. Donald Trump Jr. Flew over with Charlie Kirk and Sergio Gore here he is being pretty warmly greeted the airport. There wasn't some official arrival ceremony. You don't see people throwing eggs at him. Here he is saying hello. And he was in a rush. 'cause there wasn't a lot of daylight over there given it's northern push up there. So he had to get going, but he did look at, hey, nice to see you all. And that's Tucker one. That's, isn't that Justin from Tucker? That's Justin from Tucker Carlson show filming. I'm pretty sure I'm pretty good with face of all my eyesights going.


Yeah, ain't nobody throwing eggs at 'em. Nobody, nobody's saying green. Go home. Look folks, tell me what's crazy about the idea without mentioning your emotions. That's all I ask. Something else came up yesterday too. A huge story. We are never letting go. If you are saying to yourself right now, which I know you're not, but if you're saying to yourself right now, Hey Dan, I am sick of the January 6th pipe bomber story. I don't wanna know who it is and why the FBI's hiding the identity about the biggest scandal in American history, then okay, the show's not for you.


I'm not letting the story go. And amazingly, everything your boy, Danny BBAs has been telling you came out yesterday in the press where Donald Trump said exactly what I've been telling you about this story. Last break. I'll get back to


that. Hey, here's why I trust lean. This is the real deal for weight loss. Okay? Lean was created by a medical doctor and a university researcher. And the clinical team behind Lean says, if you don't, if you have a few pounds to lose non-prescription lean, that's not for you. You can exercise a little more. Get that done. Just clean up your diet. Leans for frustrated Dieters who wanna lose meaningful weight but aren't into injections. I'm gonna tell you this, I use lean. You guys know that. If you go back and look at my old videos, I had Fat Face, moon face. Okay? I was 230 pounds. I like being big 'cause I like being strong. I had a problem though. My joints were killing me. So I had to lose weight. I had to, I didn't want to, but I had to. I am now 200 pounds. I lost a little over 30 pounds. I use Lean. Why? Because my, my, my boys there at Brickhouse Nutrition put it together. And the products they have are the best. Lean helps maintain healthy blood sugar, helps control appetite and cravings, and helps you burn fat by converting fat into energy. I can personally vouch for the product. Like I said, I used it and lost a ridiculous amount of weight. I chose to go about it slowly. It's the best way to lose weight. 'cause you don't wanna get skinny fat where you, You know, you, you want, you don't wanna lose your muscle. If you're ready to lose weight in a smarter way, let me get you started with my personal discount. A product I love. Just use Code Dan 20. That's dan20@brickhousenutrition.com slash Dan. That's code Dan twenty@brickhousenutrition.com slash Dan. Pick up lean today. Get in shape for the new year,


our last sponsor. Another commitment you need to make during the new year. Get yourself some better sleep or you're never gonna be healthy. You're on your mattress eight hours a night. If you've got a crap mattress, like a crap mattress, get rid of the crap mattress and get yourself a great mattress. Like I have Helix sleep. They're a big part of me getting an amazing night's sleep every day. That's why I've been waking up every day. Flame throwing out of the show. We even had a couple guests over, they slept in the guest room. They love our Helix sleep mattresses, Helix sleep.com/dan, H-E-L-I-X. That'll get you started today to help you figure out what mattress works best for you. Once you get your mattress delivered, you can finally get some comforting sleep. And right now for my listeners, Helix is offering 25% off sitewide Plus, you'll get two free dream pillows roll mattress orders when you order at Helix sleep.com/dan. That's Helix sleep.com/dan for 25% off sitewide plus two free dream pillows. For all mattress orders, go to Helix sleep.com/dan.


Alright, so this happened. Yes sir. Thank you Helix. This happened yesterday as well. This is quick, but pay very close attention. Donald Trump has asked a question about January 6th and he just throws this out there about the identity of the pipe bomber. And I'm telling you, Donald Trump doesn't say these things by accident, day by accident. Check this out. But there wasn't one gun that they found. And why didn't they find the bomber? The pipe bomber, You know, they know who the pipe bomber is. The FBI knows who it is. I want you guys to know, gee doesn't like this story, which is okay.


It's okay. But the show's called The Dan Bongino Show for a reason. I'm gonna give Gee's own show about Star Trek. So by the way, gee got me a cool thing for you. See Karate Man. Karate Man. And then Justin got the people's elbow. So we're all set now with the card collection here. Card, I got the card card collection's growing by the day. I also got my own card. Someone got from me, someone made me a damn bunch, You know, card, which is kind of cool, folks. Donald Trump is saying exactly what I've been telling you, like forever. The FBI knows who put the pipe bomb at the DNC four years ago on January 6th. Why Kamala Harris was inside and doesn't wanna tell you because it's a freaking inside job.


They're only releasing new evidence and video now because Cas Patel's gonna come in and tell you who it is. And it's gonna be the biggest story of our time. And our show is gonna be the number one show on Spotify Apple Rumble. And I think that's really the only places we are. But because everyone's gonna go, shit, I should have listened to this guy. It's the biggest scandal of our time. Wait till you figure this whole thing out. Gee, you're fired. Who said that? A f faulty tan fan fault Tan fan. Gee, you're, you're fired. You need a Donald Trump thing. You're fired. Throw in there. Gee, I be lost without gee. He's okay. No, no, he doesn't. Not like he, he just, I think he thinks I'm just a little obsessed with it. I guess it's 'cause me understanding how the federal government works and how, how Feds can screw you over.


It's just five years. It's been five years. And he's like, I guess he's like, he, he's watched the same Star Wars movie a thousand times. I'm telling you Donald Trump said that for a reason. Now what do I always tell you? Here's this is listen pop quiz here. Rumble Chat. Hold on. Pop quiz for the Rumble chat right now. Let's see who gets it first. Okay, how do you measure the veracity or authenticity or danger of a pick to the far left? How do You know something Trump says is really dangerous? What do you watch? What do you look out for? Does anybody know? Yes. Yeah, who said it? Niro. Ba Niro. Baat. I like that. That's quite a combination. Niro and Bast. Broken Windows game.


A locals guy. Yeah. What's that? Niros and Locals. Niro. You're a locals guy too. Good for you, man. That's a hardcore P one. Locals people are like the P ones and P ones and P ones. They're like the ultra P ones. Nero Bas. Yes. You look at the reaction of people in the press. Thank you. Niro Baat. And who do I always go to first when it comes to deep state stories about the FBI and the Intel community? Who, let's see who gets this one? Who is the guy in the media that the Intel community always goes to when they realize they're in real trouble? Who's the first person? Let's see. Anybody know? Yeah. Every, oh yes. Who got it? John seeks truth one. Correct.


Can the lady and thank you John seeks truth one. Kenny D Kenny. No, not Kenny G. The no, no, Kenny D. Here's Ken Delan and the Intel community. Must have told him, oh my gosh, they're onto us. Kenny D without evidence Donald Trump just accused the FBI of lying when the bureau said it doesn't know the identity of the person who placed the pipe bombs at the DNC before the January 6th. No, now you, the verdict is in Judge Bonino has ruled I need myself like a black robe. I I am one of those par You know, one of those judicial wings they wear over in the uk. That's what I need with, if Ken Delan is saying it Fusion Ken Delan, Intel mouthpiece Ken Delan.


I am telling you now with certainty the FBI knows who this person is hiding it. Here's a reminder. We throw this article up every time. This is the intercept. This is a left-leaning outlet back in 2014. This is not a conservative news outlet. The Intercept. They talk about the CIA's mop-up man running stories by the Intel community for their approval. Who are they talking about? Email exchanges between the CIA and Ken Delan. This, this guy's an Intel mouthpiece. They are obviously freaked out. They know who it is. It was an inside job. The data points are all over on this, it is beyond a reasonable doubt.


And I'm telling you, you're probably only months from finding out. Cash's gonna need a few days to get sent. He's got a couple things. He's gotta stop the attacks first. But I'm assuming I'm, I'm, I'm hoping I should say, because I can't speak for cash. I, I don't wanna speak for anyone. How's that? Oh man, that's nice. Wait, wait, how do I look at, let me try to get, wow, look at that. Thank you man. My hairline got fixed too. You guys are good. How'd you figure that out? Is that a red? How did you do that? Look at that. See the, the cyber dine system let us actually do that, which is shocking. The cyber dine system must be having fun with this show. 'cause I'm telling you, cyber net knows we're leaving if this show goes off the air for the next few years, You know, we were attacked by the Arnold Schwarzenegger Cyber nine T 1000 or whether, what was it?


Was he T 1000 in that one or was that the second one that you sci-fi people may know. Fusion 10 is trying to do a mop up job right now. That wasn't it. With yesterday's presser folks, it even gets better. So we have Greenland, we talked about that. The J six pipe bomber trump's like, yeah, they know the identity. Yeah, of course they know the identity. There are insiders probably telling 'em that right now. But here's transactional Trump again. He's like, Hey man, You know, we got this whole Gulf of Mexico, I think we should call it the Gulf of America. The only reason these waterways and all of this is secure and that North and South America aren't invaded is because of the United States.


So Trump's like, why the hell's it the Gulf of Mexico? Let's just call it the Gulf of America. I'm like, check sounds good to me. Check this out. We're gonna Be changing the name of the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of America, which has a beautiful ring that covers a lot of territory. The Gulf of America. What a beautiful name. And it's appropriate. It's appropriate. And Mexico has to stop allowing millions Of people to pour into our country. They can. There's transactional Trump. That's what transactional Trump does. He thinks of the world as a spreadsheet.


Why is it called the Gulf of Mexico? That waterway is safe and secure because of us? It's not because of Mexico. By the way, he was funny Trump yesterday. It's kind of, You know, I don't wanna, I don't wanna I don't wanna ruin your home mood today, but sorry, I just love reading the chat. I become like really addicted to the chat on the show. Here's Trump. He put out this picture yesterday. It's a picture of all the presidents I want you to focus in on the end. He has himself twice, of course, which is actually is accurate of course. But look who he has in between. Joe Biden, right? No 46 president liberal staffers with a picture of a bunch of silhouettes of people.


You're good. You, you are good. You, you are good folks. We're done taking bullshit. Okay? The United States, I'm really sorry to inform you. And it's certainly not a reflection on our citizenry, our military, our entrepreneurs. We are the most powerful country in the history of planet Earth. Think about that. This planet's been around a long time. We've been homo sapien sapiens from Australopithecus, Australopithecus Aus Friis, Neanderthals. We have, we have in the history of planet Earth. My Lord and Savior designed us in this way for a reason to get to where we are now and where we are right now in the present, the most powerful society in the history of the world.


Even more powerful than the Roman Empire. Oh no, Dan, oh yeah, we could destroy the entire world right now. No problem with our nuclear pay. Obviously a stupid catastrophically bad idea. That's power though is it not. May not be good power, but it's power. We are the most powerful country in the history of earth. And it's time we started acting like it. We've been getting our asses kicked on the political stage, frankly, since Vietnam. Why? Because we get involved in a bunch of things we shouldn't. Once we do get involved, liberals ruin the damn thing.


Enough of this bullshit. Here's Trump yesterday. We still have American hostages overseas held by the Hamas demon Savages, yes, scumbag, demon savage, little devil bastards. Okay? And they should die. A brutal, horrible, awful death. And my suggestion to Donald Trump is you make this super painful if these hostages are not released on day one. And let me tell you something, You know the fuck around and find out. They're about to find out real quick. If we don't get these Americans back, these are our people. Listen to this. Do you think they're waiting for President Trump to take office? No. I think they heard him loud and clear.


Better get done by the inaugural. But when you say all hell be paid off, all hell must be paid. If you don't release the hosts, You know what means, don't you? Well, do I have to define it for you? Look, all you're, if those hostages aren't back, I don't want hurt your negotiation. If they're not back, by the time I get into office, all hell will break out in the Middle East. Can you elaborate? And it will not be good for Hamas and it will not be good frankly, for anyone. All hell will break out. I don't have to say anymore, but that's what it is. I should be, and they should have given 'em back a long time. They should have never taken him. Listen, Hamas, scumbag, demon savage bastards, okay, I'm talking to you.


I'm telling you right now, he's not kidding. So you can f around, but I promise you, you're gonna find out, and it's not gonna be pretty when one of our spec ops teams is kicking down your door and a 5, 5, 6 round at thousands of feet per second penetrating your cerebral cortex, okay? You're not going to, there's not gonna be virgins waiting for you. There's only gonna be a dirt pile. That is it. That is all that's going to happen. He is not kidding. I don't know why you think he's kidding. You thought he was kidding about Greenland in his first term. Now the media's like, oh my gosh, he's not kidding. No, he's not kidding.


And again, for all the, there's I, I see a couple swampy too out there. So I don't mean to get sidetracked. This is important. I see some swampy on x. Donald Trump needs to stay focused on inflation and the board, he is focused. They're already talking about the reconciliation bill legislation day one. What are you talking about? They're getting this thing moving right now. It's gonna take time to put together, I hate stupid cliches, but sometimes the guy can walk in chew gum. We also have Americans who are being held hostage. It's kind of important too. We also have strategic interests in keeping China out of Greenland. Which by the way, China's belt, silk Road Initiative, they're trying to gain access to even the Arctic.


Do you think he's stupid? Donald Trump? If you think he's stupid, then why do you keep losing to him? Why 20 16, 20 20, 20, 24. Yes. All three. Why do you keep losing if you are so smart? He's so dumb. Why do you keep getting your S kicked? Even if you believe you won in 2020, which I don't, you still lost two outta three and no, this isn't a meatloaf song. Two outta three is bad. Some of you'll get that. Maybe I'm aging myself. Alright, I wanna move on to something else here because it's real. There was a seismic shift yesterday, and I can't say this enough by the way.


I strongly encourage all of you to go and sign up for this Facebook Community Notes program. Folks, I'm telling every, oh, hold on, hold on. First, the fact checking program on Facebook is now done. So they're gonna use a Community notes thing. Liberals are now flocking over to be community noters, whatever you wanna call 'em. Folks, sign up for it, sign up for it and start. Community Notes has savage Liberals on X, but it's only working because a bunch of conservatives are on there doing it. Facebook has a link for it. You can look it up, you can sign up to do community notes there. Now you can do the fact checking.


Now you can do what they did to us, except we can actually use facts on the Facebook thing. I said yesterday, and I, You know, I'm, I'm getting used to this. I, I read an interesting piece this week and I'm gonna try to do this more. So I promise you, in the new year, I'm making a commitment. I'm not telling you I'm gonna be successful at it all the time, but I'm promising you, you guys ready? This is important. Okay? I'm gonna stop trying to explain myself so much. I'm gonna let my work explain itself. I read an interesting piece this weekend about that, about public figures and they wanna be, Peggy Nunan is right now. Public figures want to be understood and she's right. They do. I don't need to be understood. My work needs to be understood.


I say that because I'm tempted to do a 10 minute segment yesterday on how everybody misinterpreted. What I said. You know what bottom line is? You can go watch what I said yesterday, 'cause I'm gonna say it again here on Facebook. Everybody needs to hold. Do not get emotional. You wanna get emotional. It's on you. I'm not gonna explain myself anymore. I see a problem. Facebook's a big social media platform that is censored conservatives. Facebook is saying, we're now not gonna censor conservatives. I'm saying, okay, I'll be watching. I heard you say it now do it. I'm not emotional about it all. You wanna get emotional. That's your bag of donuts. There are millions of people we can convince to vote for us on this platform and we should take advantage of it, but we damn well better trust and verify.


How do I know yesterday was a better moment for us than the left? If, if, if Facebook follows through, how do I know that? Because what folks, you said it before, folks in the chat measure the effectiveness of something for us by the reaction of our enemies. If they're freaking out about it, it obviously means it's good for us. You don't have to be advanced in adv advance in game theory to understand that. Here's one of the biggest dip shit clowns in the media. Brian Stelter, a guy who's been wrong on just about every significant media story of our time and intellectual zero, a overweight slob who can't control his eating habits. He's up there with Twinkies up in New York.


They're probably partying on a bunch of Dunking Donuts. Here's Stelter freaking out that Facebook is now saying, Hey, listen, the fact checking thing didn't go great. You guys do your own fact checking. He don't want that. He wants to be in charge of the narrative because he likes to be wrong as long as it benefits him politically. Check this out. It Gets this broader sense that when people like Zucker, Elon Musk or Mark Zuckerberg talk about free speech. Everybody wants free speech, but it oftentimes seems that these tech CEOs actually are favoring or preferring a certain kind of speech, right? They're favoring their own speech or their own political preferences and not the actual entire user or the community's speech.


You know, the changes announced by Meta today are very much a MAGA makeover, a pro-Trump makeover, and that's gonna win meta some conservative users, but it may repel some liberals. That's the same thing we've seen happen on Elon Musk's ex. He's turned into more of a right wing platform where he is pro-free speech. When it's really pro Musk or pro-Trump speech. Always, always, always measure the damage this is gonna do to them. Understand Facebook attacked us for years fact. We were the number one page, You know, I saw Ben Shapiro put out a tweet yesterday saying The Daily Wire, and he was the number one Facebook page for a while and a bunch of you guys respond to know was Bino.


He's not wrong, folks, I should be clear. We used to go back and you go back and look at Crowd tangle, you probably, I don't know if the date is completely disappeared. Maybe it's archived somewhere. Crowd Tangle used to measure the reach of pages. It it, he's not lying. I, I don't want you to think like I'm, I'm just trying to big league the guy or anything. It would be him. It'd be me, it'd be him, it'd be me. But if you look, you'll see in general, me and him were the number one Facebook pages in the world. I I'm not telling you that the, the, the big league again, or self praise stinks just because if anyone was attacked by Facebook, again, it was me. But Stelter is freaking out because conservative pages, me, Shapiro and others had this enormous reach where people were like, so what I need you to do on Facebook, test this out.


And I, I'm not gonna lie, I I, there's obviously a sense of self-interest in this. I can't divorce and be phony to say otherwise, but it's not my primary reason if you don't believe them. And it was, we should verify. 'cause I've seen it myself on my own personal page and it seems to be working, at least for now. The algorithm appears to have changed. Do this little test today. Go to my page. I'm the blue check mark Facebook page. Do it Now while you're on the show, Anita, if you could put a link up there. I don't know if You know, and just like a couple posts, and I guarantee you in probably an hour or so, you start seeing more of my content. If it slows down and shuts down, we'll know they're full of shit. But I'm not getting emotional about it. I've got a problem. Problem is I've gotta advance conservative ideas, 90 platforms to do it and Stelter is freaking out because he can't shut down me and Shapiro anymore.


That's it. That's why. Here's Arie Melba from M-S-N-B-C hilariously claiming that this is really dangerous because now people are gonna go to social media for news when they could go to reliable sources like M-S-N-B-C, the PP Tape Hunter Biden laptop, people check this out. That's how Zuckerberg describes his new approach. Now, in this world we live in where people criticize and focus on traditional media and there's plenty of valid criticisms there. It is worth recalling platforms like Facebook and Instagram now reach far more people than newspapers or television news.


Zuckerberg is shifting towards less fact checking on these platforms that already have less fact checking. They have less reliable info than say, news outlets, which do try to get the facts and evidence first and then only report what they can confirm. It's really quite the opposite. Online. Zuckerberg's announcement does note this trade off. I want you to listen to this so you'll hear him in his own words. He basically says that there's more quote bad stuff that will be posted on Facebook that will be out there for you and your family to see and internalize and get into your brain and all that sort of question of the diet of information you have. There will be more bad stuff he says. But that's the cost of erring on the side of not having other posts wrongly taken down.


The reality is that this is a trade off. It means we're gonna catch less bad stuff. Yeah, we don't need to hear that. You've heard the Mark Zuckerberg thing already, folks. They're freaking out for a reason. They've been able to lie to you forever and tell you Hunter Biden's laptop, which laptop, which Hunter Biden himself dropped off at the store himself somehow was Russian hunter Biden's Russian Did I did, did we miss something? He might be, they've been able to tell you might right? He might be. They've been able to tell you this for years. They've been able to get liberals to live in a fantasy land for years because of bullshit. Here's what I mean too. I'm gonna show you something else. Here's Stewart Thompson. By the way, remember Stewart who wrote the hit piece on us about Rumble just a few weeks ago?


Stewart, one of the biggest assholes in the media at the New York Times. This is a real head, guys, you check this, right? This is an accurate, this is not the Babylon Bee meta. Facebook says fact checkers were the problem. Fact checkers rule that false Stewart Thompson Stewart, you never failed at disappoint. This guy is gotta be one of the most low IQ individuals, even in a space full of morons. You wanna talk about a canoe? This guy? Is this a serious article fact checkers that were wrong about, just about everything they say it's false, that they were the problem. Here's what I mean they are losing control of the narrative folks, Donald Trump, Elon Rumble, Chris over at Rumble True Social.


They have been able to break down the wall between what's false and what's true and show you this like beautiful vista Freedom and liberty and the media's freaked out because they live in a sea of lies. Everything they tell you is bullshit. This is a perfect example. I want you to watch this Canadian Green Party liberal politician. She's so offended that Donald Trump keeps springing up this Canada issue, which is real. We've been protecting Canada forever. The Canadians will, they know it. No one's gonna invade Canada. I mean the Canadian, I'm not knocking the Canadian military people who serve are brave and I'm not. Don't take it the wrong way, but the hard reality is no one's invading North America because of us.


Here's this Canadian Green Party rep. Like, ah, maybe we'll just go after California then and Oregon or whatever. Yeah, okay, sure. Like this is somehow symmetric. You really wanna go down that road and wa watch her talking about, by the way, at the end, how great the healthcare is up in Canada. I'll show you how this is a fairy tale in a second. Check this out. Hey Donald, have we got a deal for you? You think we wanna be the 51st state? Nah, but maybe California would like to be the 11th province. How about it? California, Oregon, Washington, you're, you've got geography in Commonwealth. And not only that, we've already got a carbon trading system between California and Quebec.


We've got some strong alliances on our west coast from British Columbia. There's been a lot of academic papers on the idea of Cascadia. Really, we should all absorb portions of the United States from Canada. I dunno how you would do that, by the way, because you have such a great healthcare system up there. Wow, that's fascinating. See, this is what happens when you get actual data. Fact checkers will get in the way and say, but 58% prefer this. Would you cross the border from Canada to the United States for healthcare? 42% of Canadians say yes. Wow, that's a lot guys. That's almost half. I thought healthcare was free.


If it's free and great and our suck so bad, why would you pay for sucky healthcare? Kinda weird, right? Well, Dan, it's not like they actually cross the border and do it wrong. Again, Ballotpedia, here's an actual Fact check from a lefty site. Senator Ted Cruz said once in a debate that 52,000 Canadians left Canada get healthcare in the United States. They're like, well, here's the Fact check. It's not exactly right. 52,000 Canadians actually did leave Canada, but it was 45,000 that went to the United States. The rest went elsewhere. That's, that's their Fact check. That's, that's their Fact check. Now do you see why fact checkers are a laughing stock?


50,000 Canadians. Their healthcare's so free and wonderful that they leave to pay for it again. Again, I thought it was free. No, it's not free. They're paying for it with massive taxes so they're paying for it twice in another country because it sucks so bad. You see how people fall for this shit all the time? They got a good guy running for running up there. Pierre Olivier, we're not gonna agree with him on everything. He put out a tweet about not being the 51st day. Of course he's gonna put that He's running a, You know, he's running a lead Canada. Okay, but here, this guy's pretty good. I want you to watch this guy explain to a group of liberal media people and a guy working there.


Who's the guy? This union guy that's worker guy there about inflation. Folks, this is how it's done. This makes perfect sense. We need to explain things better. Check this out. Yes. What are the steps I need to take in to fix the damages done to inflation? First and foremost, stop the overspending. Inflation. High taxes, deficits, high interest rates are all symptoms. The disease is overspending. When governments spend too much money, there's only three ways to get it. One is to raise your taxes. The other is to borrow, which means that they'll tax you more later on. And the third way is to print money and printing money seems like a painless way to, to pay for things, but it, it's very simple.


If you have 10 apples and $10 in the economy, it's a bucket. Apple. If you double the number of dollars in the economy to 20, you still only have 10 apples. You're not twice as rich. It's just that each apple costs twice as much and that is a tax on the working people. 'cause it chews up the purchasing power of your paycheck only to pay for governments, excessive government spending. And it balloons the asset values of the billionaires. Folks, how many times have I given you an example on the show about an island with chairs and a money drop? It's the exact same example as the Apples. We need to explain things better when you explain them. Simply the ridiculousness of liberal ideas makes perfect sense. Well, you can just print money to pay for government spending.


Yeah, you can. That's what happens folks. Hope you like the show today. We've had a amazing run with Rumble. I told you about a huge investment into the company. Thank you for all of our shareholders and everyone else. But folks, I, this is the Free Speech Economy. Please help support the show. We're on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. We've been falling a little bit on Spotify, which is fine 'cause I think everybody's watching on Rumble. But please give us a follow there. The podcast, The Dan Bongino Show on Spotify and Apple and go to rumble.com/bonino. Give us a follow. It's all free. You see it up on the screen there. Also, you can download the Rumble Apps, one of the most popular apps out there. Watch the show every day. Join us at 11:00 AM live or video on demand anytime. But we'd love to have you here live. We were number one yesterday, live stream by far.


Thank you so much. Appreciate that. Let's keep up this streak. I'll see you back here in Rumble in the radio show in a few minutes and back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM See you then. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.