
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts With your host, Dan Bonino. Hey, thank you for the most amazing birthday gift. Yesterday Pod Track came out with their top industry podcasts by monthly listeners and the Dan Bonino Army, you guys and ladies out there produced the number five show. Thank you very much. You guys are the best. So you put a zero behind it. That's how old I was yesterday. So birthday's over. Now the real stuff starts. Listen, I applied the Bonino rule yesterday on the United Healthcare CEO hit because there was so do you see what happened yesterday? You see why the Bongino rule matters, which is give about 24 to 72 hours for a story to kind of ferment a little bit before you draw a conclusion.


You talk about it all you want. That's, I'm not here to tell you what to talk about, but the professional hit Bob effect did it or what? And I was like, what? I, that didn't, did I? It didn't look like that to me. I'll tell you what I mean. I got that. Also an update on Pete Hegg said, we lose Pete, we lose everything. I'm telling you right now, we lose Pete. He said as defense secretary, the swamps won. It's already over. Folks, we gotta take a stand. Joni, Ernst, Lindsey Graham and the rest of 'em, we gotta take a stand


Beam. Cyber Monday sales been extended exclusively for Bonino. Show listeners head to shop Beam dot com slash bonino, use code bonino and get a good night's sleep.


Today's show also brought to you by our friends at Express VPN. Hey, when did we decide to stop upholding free speech as a basic right? What's playing out right now? Big tech companies stealing your data and selling it and social media sites is a really dangerous precedent. You should be able to express yourself freely without the fear of being spied on, okay, here's how you fight back. Do what I do. Use Express VPN. You ever wonder how these free to access tech giants make their money by selling you your yes you are. The product tracking, your searches, everything. You click on video history, they build a profile on you and they sell it. When you use Express VPN in the app, in your computer or phone like I do the software, hide your IP address from third parties makes your activity difficult for companies to trace and sell to advertisers. What's better Express VPN encrypts a hundred percent of your network data to protect you from eavesdrops and cyber criminals. Right now you can take advantage of Express VPN's, black Friday, cyber Monday offer. To get the absolute best VPN you'll find all year, use my special link express vpn.com/bonino and get four extra months now with the 12 month plan or six extra months with the 20 more 24 month plan totally free. That's express vpn.com/bonino. Get extra four or even six months of express VPN for free. Check it out. It's worth your time. Protect your privacy.


All right fellas, let's go. I waited. I waited because the Dan Bonino audience deserves an informed opinion, not bullshit. Guy gets assassinated in the middle of the street in New York City and there were a thousand opinions out there. Show Kisuki got 'em, the ninjas got 'em. Boba FET got 'em. It was Jason born who got 'em. I did really hold, hold, hold, hold. I'll show you the video. I will give you my professional analysis of what I think happened and how nobody should jump to any conclusions on this. Okay?


First an update on the Pete. He says, situation, ladies and gentlemen, we lose hegseth, we lose everything. I explained to you yesterday, running for office was one of the most instructive things I ever did in my entire life. When you run for office, you would be stunned how many people tried to buy a chunk of your soul. You would be shocked. No I wouldn't. Yes you would. You know it happens. But every single issue out there, like Manser Olson once said, concentrated interest and diffuse costs. There is a concentrated interest in everything. What do you mean Dan? Lemme just point out something random. There is a fan over there.


It's one of those like Dyson type fans. 'cause it's not that loud. There is a fan business lobby out there somewhere lobbying for some tax carve out or some other benefit or a government handout for people who produce fans. Go find it. I promise you it's there. You would be shocked how many people out there are trying to buy a piece of your caboose when you run for office. Carve off the skin, man, sell it off one little chunk at a time. Now what are they buying? So let's say you're running for office, you're running for congress. White guy was, they say, Hey, why don't you meet this guy? And it'll always happen through some person you never even expected.


They'll say, I need you to meet someone and you think you're going there 'cause it's some activist who believes in freedom or liberty or something and long and short of it, what happens? You go to the Capitol Hill Club in DC everybody, by the way, if you've run for office, don't bullshit anyone. You know this is what happens. You sit down there, everybody be, oh, let's have some food. And then it comes the pitch. Hey, we'll donate $20,000 or something to a pack or to your campaign, but here's what we're gonna need. And they say it in kind of like a shady fashion. How does that apply to headset folks? The defense industry, which I'm not shitting on, okay? I'm a thank God. We've got companies that produce weapons so we can kill bad guys.


I'm not knocking defense industry people at all. Good for you. Our weapons are great. We kick ass fantastic. What I am knocking however, is using that influence in that money and government contracts to lobby for endless wars and there are people making money or fighting on every single piece of dry and wetland on planet earth. Pete is not that guy. He's not an isolationist, but Pete is going to ask the critical question, why the hell are we doing that? I brought this up yesterday, but one thing, and I'm gonna give you the numbers, I'm gonna put freaking meat muscle on the bone right here.


So you see how much money's at stake in case you think this is about principal. Pete had a beer one time, he's had some personal issues. He's a combat vet. These guys have been through a lot. I give them leeway and you should do the putting their asses on the line so you don't have to. Guy came back and had some personal issues his life. Yeah, no shit. You can you imagine what these people have seen. What's your excuse in Congress for having personal issues and having seen Jack shit, but a cocktail party selling your ass. What's your freaking excuse dumbass When you hear about some personal issues he had, he break the law, he do anything, he got over it, he's fine.


We do he die you guys. Man, I see it outta the corner. My no, I'm serious man. What's your freaking excuse in Congress for being a loser? Probably going to some drug parties or something like that. What the hell is your issue? It's not just defense industry money. That's not it. There's it's it is it. But there's more. Pete is also gonna be the guy if we get him in there, who in conjunction with the commander in chief Donald Trump, let's not forget that nothing's gonna happen without Trump's approval. They are going to crush the woke enterprise taking over our country and our military and getting our war fighters focused on L-G-B-T-Q-I-A-B-I-O-P-C, coloring books and paint by numbers.


Things we're just bullshit. Shoot down range and practice. We don't need them doing color in books. You doubt me. Here's Pete yesterday talking about exactly this point that he's gonna be focused on one thing, lethality, which is a really nice way of saying what, killing other bad guys. That's what he's talking about. Check this out. Wonderful process to go through and meet with senators and talk to them, especially members of the Senate Armed Services Committee whose passion is the defense department and our war fighters to hear what they wanna do to make sure that department is properly oriented for the threats of the world and make sure that we're putting the war fighters first.


That's what Donald Trump asked me to do. Your job is to bring a war fighting ethos back to the Pentagon. Your job is to make sure that it's lethality, lethality, lethality, everything else is gone. Everything else that distracts from that shouldn't be happening. That's the message I'm hearing from senators in that advising consent process and it's been a wonderful process. See, Pete's a very eloquent guy. He's an Ivy League educated, very smart, very friendly, very passionate man of integrity. Pete speaks really nice. I'm not as eloquent. Here's what Pete's saying there. We're gonna go kill bad guys again and this woke bullshit. You can sh him here.


That's why people are freaking out. Wait, Dan, you said this was about money now you're saying it's about woke. Yeah, I'm saying the same thing. Woke is a really, really expensive endeavor as well and a lot of people are making a lot of money off it. Folks, I need you to keep the heat on. I'm telling you behind the scenes, listen to me. This is the world's most popular podcast. It ain't bragging. It's a it's a fact. Sorry. You have power. The Bonino Army. It's not me, it's you. I can only listen once. I mean it. Glad you like the show.


A lot of people got shows. You are the ones in charge. You dictate why this show's number one, you are in charge and because you're in charge, the people you elected, Joni Ernst, Lindsey Graham and others, they should listen. Folks Murkowski from Alaska's Garbage, you're never gonna get squat from her ever. She's the worst Republican senator we have ever had. As I said with Susan Collins, you get what you get. You don't get upset. You're not gonna get any better in Maine. Okay? There is zero excuse for Joni Ernst, zero excuse and Lindsey Graham from two red states other than somehow some way there's someone influencing them and I don't know who, is it campaign donations?


Is it what? I don't know, but they are trying to stop him now there's stories out there. Oh, Pete's in trouble. Pete's in trouble, folks, I'm not sure I'm hearing from my dad keep the heat on, don't get me wrong. But that he's not in as much trouble as they're making out. They're just trying to make it appear. They're telling you a story, not the story. Here's the New York Post zero Senate geo peers privately oppose hegseth for defense. Pick as EV vows to never back down. Pete's not backing down Pete. Do not back down under any circumstances. And Mr. President, please do not let Pete eg. Excess nomination fall. If he does forget it, it's over Tulsi ISS next and RFKs right after that.


Follow the money. This is about money. This is about defense industry money. And I'm not shitting on the defense industry. I'll say it a thousand times. Thank you for producing lethal weapons. We can kill bad guys with fine, but you should not be influencing public policy in the way it's happening. And You know it's real and it's bullshit. And we as good solid conservatives and MAGA people should be calling this stuff out. People are gonna die because of the like actually die because of the decisions made. And some of them don't need to be made. They're being made because of undue influence of a lot of deep pockets. Let's talk about this first, let's talk about the DEI cash cow.


Why do I call it the DEI cash cow because I'm reading an article in City Journal called DEI Cash Cow. Is that by ruo? I I I I pulled this up yesterday. This is a great piece folks. Pete wants lethality, kill bad guys. Hey, what about this DEI woke training course double barrel middle finger out the window, throw it in the garbage. You can go wipe your caboose with it. There's a lot of money at stake here. Check out this article. It's certainly true of the past decade's. Most fashionable cause a right in city journal or DEI. What might have begun is a social movement's now become a business. Thank you. Thank you.


And not just in the us According to McKinsey and company spending on DEI related efforts across the globe totaled $7.5 billion in 2020. If trends continue, the figure will exceed 15 billion by 2026. Ladies and gentlemen, it's not a golden rule of the show. Maybe it's a silver one, maybe bronze, I don't know. But if you are ever looking for why people object to good quality principle candidates like Pete Hegg said, or good solid legislation, I ask you every time to do what? Follow the money. Follow the money. And you will always find the bad guys.


Every single time I, I read a whole book called Follow the Money. It's nearly every scandal of the last 10 years in politics last 10 years that I've been really digging deep into this stuff has some huge money component to it where somebody was paying somebody to do something. Here's the tease that it's a nonpartisan site. It's all about statistics. You wanna see how much military spending is involved here. And I'm not telling you this is all a bad thing. I'm just telling you there's a lot of undue influence and this military industrial complex thing is not a conspiracy theory. It's freaking real. Here's the outlays according to the CBO for defense in the us, $1.1 trillion by 2033 folks, there's a lot of money at stake.


What about around the globe? The value of military spending has grown steadily in the past years and reached $2.44 trillion in 2023. That's a lot of trillions dollars folks. That's a lot of teeth. There is big money at stake, huge money at stake. Don't let Pete fall. If Pete falls, we're all gonna go down. I'm telling you, if this swamp wins and they get this scalp folks, they're all gonna nail it on that wall. And it's gonna be a lesson, a lesson we don't wanna learn. The lesson needs to be taught to them.


And the lesson is this. We are in charge. We are in charge. The audience is here, we are in charge. Okay? I told you I'd get into this United Healthcare CEO head. And the only reason I'm getting into this folks is it's a specific area of expertise of mine. Targeted violence is what I did for a living before I came over here. It's been a huge story. Can you play this on VO up here that you've, You know, so this is one of the, the CEOs of the insurance division of of, it's a little bit of a graphic video. If you have kids, you may not want them to see this, but you've probably seen it on social media. Just keep running this on loop. So guys on the streets of Manhattan, New York, an area I'm very familiar with and this assassin comes up behind him has for, gee, I know we'll take care of Spotify and Apple, we love you guys too and ladies out there.


So yeah, just pause that for a second. So you'll see it's got the hoodie, got the backpack, has the gloves on, has his face partially covered, you see, shoots him in the leg first. You can see that's why he stumbles. Guy turns around to look and then you'll see him manipulating the gun. I use the word manipulating intentionally. And then you see, I believe there are three shots fired off goes, shoots him in the back and finishes 'em off. Now there's immediately of course there were a, You know, a thousand different people on social media commenting about it, which is cool, man, whatever. Do your thing. I obviously chose not to because I wanna see on what one friends of mine who are professionals in this, not assassination but targeted violence, what they think.


And I wanna aggregate some data and take a look at this thing a couple thousand times before I give you an opinion. So here are my takeaways on this one. I mean it, it's fairly obvious it's an assassination plot and given the nature of the stalking that appeared to happen beforehand, it doesn't appear to be a case of mistaken identity. And that's, a couple people threw that out yesterday and that's fine. That could have been a case, but it doesn't seem to be here. But this is really important. I there were, you'll notice he manipulate, play that again if you would. You'll notice he manipulates the firearm at a couple points it looks and there's some speculation here, right there. You see it. Okay. So he just does that, it appears and well pretty obviously he's racking the slide of the firearm, which if you have a semi-auto pistol and you have the proper ammunition, the firearm slide racks by itself and locks out when you're empty, the, the gas pressure will push the slide back.


You guys know this if you're obviously gun owners, if you don't, just know that the only time you would rack a slide after firing around is if you had a misfire, maybe some subsonic ammunition. Some ammunition that wasn't appropriate for the gun or, or I'm gonna throw something outta you. Notice the gun seems really long, doesn't it? No, it's not a boba fed han solo laser weapon or that really long Princess Leia one that is a suppressor on the handgun, on the semi-automatic weapon. A suppressor, what some people call an i media a silencer. It's not a silencer, it doesn't silence anything. It's not silent at all if you've ever used one, it is a suppressor.


Doesn't sound like it sounds in the movies. So there are a couple of theories out there on this. I'm gonna throw out there and I say theories because I don't know which one is true yet, but I feel I'd be remiss if I didn't put it out there. Number one is he could be racking the weapon because he just used the wrong ammo. Maybe some subsonic ammo, maybe some hand loads, I don't know. But maybe they weren't right for the weapon. That's why racked it. 'cause there was some theory, oh he's racking it 'cause he's catching the cartridges as they come out. That's not what happened. They were found at the scene. Not only were they found at the scene, but the words what it deny, they were through three words written on it and they were the title of a book about the insurance industry deny and something else, or three words on there.


So there were cartridges found at the scene. He's not catching the cartridges, but I'm gonna throw this out there. There is an issue sometimes with some of these suppressors. If you don't test these things outright and you don't, the the operation of suppressor isn't working properly, you may get a malfunction like that with the slide. I mean it didn't malfunction he shot, but it won't cycle. So that's a possibility too that he just didn't know what he was doing. I say that and all this stuff matters. I'm move on in a second here. But it, there are a number of people out there in the beginning who are like, this guy's like a Jason born like professional. I, I don't think that's the case at all. However, he does seem relatively unconcerned with the consequence.


He doesn't seem to be rushing through it. Now if you've ever shot a firearm, I mean if you're in, if you've been in war, you're in illegally your own and you bad bullets whizzed by your head. But I'm telling you, when I was a cop early on, when you hear a bullet whiz by your head like I did in Halloween of, what was it, 1999 and you get in a foot pursuit. I don't care how much training you have folks, the fog of war kicks in. This guy doesn't appear that way at all. It doesn't appear to be rushing through this thing at all. Not even a little bit. So although he's probably not some professional Jason Bourne type guy, there may be some mental illness there some disconnect from reality because he doesn't seem, he seems really unconcerned with the witness right there to the right.


Doesn't seem concerned at all and he's certainly not rushing through it. So listen, I I it's, I'll just say this one last thing about this too. 'cause I gotta talk about this story again, given my history, it's gonna be really hard for this guy to hide. The reason is there's a network of cameras around Manhattan. Believe me, one of my best friends worked in te and although he's never disclosed obviously where they are, he doesn't gimme sensitive information. The network of cameras around Manhattan is a dragnet between personal and public cameras. So what you do in a case like this, this is the same reason I'm telling you. They know who the pipe bomber is. The pipe bomber on January 6th. You get the video there, you then see where he went, he went to the left, then you go to the next block to the left and you pull that video.


Then he made a right. You go to the camera on the corner and you see where he went. They can trace this guy all over Manhattan. There is zero chance this guy's not gonna be found. Zero. And he wasn't smart enough obviously when he went into Starbucks to cover his whole face, AI and all that stuff, facial recognition, they're probably gonna catch 'em I would guess within a few days. I mean, if they don't, They don't. But I'd be stunned. There's my take. I got a lot of questions on it folks in the chat. Did that segment suck? Yes, it sucked. No it didn't, but Gino get on the case. 'cause I don't typically do things like this, but I got a lot of questions given my background on it. So I made an executive decision. Gee, did it suck? Yeah, but it's a hot topic, so, Oh, okay.


You see Gee's, always honest Michael, I I wasn't paying A Oh, he said it sucked. Alright, the all gee's wrong again, of course, because B, You know, thank G's always wrong. It was the greatest G Thank you, gee. Okay, thank you folks in the chat for proving Gee wrong. I didn't spend a lot of time on it. All right, moving on.


Hey, the Feds dropped interest rates, so you need to call my friends at American Financing today. Now's the perfect time to consolidate debt. Poor gee and reduce your monthly expense. Gee, consolidate debt. A lot of us have been forced to use credit cards because of the ridiculous prices at the grocery store. Power and even sugar. Everything's expensive. That's expensive too, with credit card rates being ridiculously high. But with mortgage rates dropping now, now is the time to wipe that debt out. American financing is helping homeowners just like you save over $800 a month on average. They're even closing some in as fast as 10 days. If you start today, you may delay two mortgage payments. It's a great company. Check 'em out. There are no upfront fees. To find out how much you can save, call American financing today. (888) 994-7660. That's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. The website's at.net address, by the way, American financing.net american financing.net. Please check 'em out as company's been with me a long time. NMLS 1 8 2 3 3 4 NMLS consumer access.org. Check 'em out. Thank you. American Financing. Thank you guys.


No suck there. I appreciate it. I I, I found that, that story just fascinating. I think we'll find this guy in the next few days and you'll find out that exactly what I told you that it was not a professional assassin. It's gonna be true. He's like, it wasn't boba Fed. I'm so obsessed. What was the guy? Was it Guido in a, was it Guido in the, in the bar. It's Guido, right? Where Hans Solo takes out. Guido, it was gdo. Now Han man, Han's different Han's like a pro Hans, they shoots him under the table, right? I just jacks em up. Gredo. I think Guido got done wrong, by the way. Who in the chat thinks Gredo got done wrong? I think Gredo should have given him a shot. I think he did Gredo wrong. Speaking of targeted violence, the secret service director Ron Rowe, is testifying up on Capitol Hill today.


I do not like how Ron Rowe has run the agency. He got a promotion, he was the deputy director, he's now the acting director. How you get a promotion after President Trump gets shot in the head and nearly killed again, is a mystery to me. That only happens in government. But You know, I worked there again, there's so much talk out there about me and the Secret Service folks. There have been no zero conversations about that. I can't say it enough. I don't want you to worry about the podcast or anything like that. But I, there's a crew of lawmakers up there on Capitol Hill you need to know about. They are resolutely committed to fixing our broken secret service. One of them is Andy Biggs. The other one's Chip Roy. There's a few of 'em. Matt Gates, Eli Crane, who's the other?


There's another guy. Johnson Johnson. Yeah, but there, no, there's another guy. Gosh, I'm sorry. Corey Mills. I'm sorry, I don't wanna leave anybody out. They are itching to reform the Secret Service. Andy Biggs put out a quick video yesterday about a piece of legislation out there that is gonna reform the Secret Service and it's gonna pull investigations outta there folks. The Secret Service needs to be protecting the President, president Trump and the Vice President of families. That's it. They don't need to be protecting the, the, the, the Prime Minister of Djibouti or whatever. I'm sorry they don't leave that to DSS. They're a great agency. The diplomatic security service, they work at the State Department.


They're fantastic. We don't need to be doing anything else. Here's your mission. Keep Donald Trump alive, period. NJD Vance, that's it. The Secret Service. Wasting a whole bunch of time doing a bunch of counterfeit investigations passed at a seven 11 on a Saturday night when they should be out there protecting the president. Here's Andy Biggs on this bill that's finally gonna get rid of the Secret Service doing investigations and wasting her time. Check this Out. I've introduced legislation today realigning US Secret Service and several other police agencies. I would also tell you that I'm working with my friendship, Roy from Texas, who is also working on a very similar approach.


And we're gonna combine our approaches together because it is really critical that we as the United States of America know that we can protect our elected officials and those who we must protect as a dangerous world. And this is a 100% perfect execution requirement mission every time for us. Secret Service. That's why we're doing these bills and that's why I'm working with Rep Roy of Texas. I'll keep you posted. Good finally, because something I've told you over and over again folks, is we don't have four years to fix the government. Sure we do. Donald Trump's got a four year term.


Folks, come on please. You're the Bonino Army. You guys know better. A lot of people out there, don't they really believe He has four years. He does not have four years. He has two years. The midterms I always assume are going to be ugly. Could they be great for us to midterms, meaning the elections for Congress and the Senate in two years? They could be, however, I don't believe in could bes, I believe is what and what is. And for two years we have the House Senate, the White House and the, and the Supreme Court. We've got 'em. So I'm working on a two year timeline. You wanna work on another timeline? You go right ahead. We've got two years to reform the secret service, fix the government, implement the Doge recommendations, clean up our federal budget, clean out these 458 federal agencies.


They wanna dump 'em to 99. We've got two years now. Listen, love him or hate him. I don't really care. I don't really know this guy that well, but obviously he was a big player in the government speaker of the house for a long time and did a lot with government reform in the Clinton era. Newt Gingrich. So you don't trust me. Maybe I'm not saying you guys, you, you guys are not swampy at all. But maybe you're a swampy who tunes into the show once in a while and you love Gingrich and other government officials. Fine. Now he agrees with me folks. Have I not been telling you this? Dan Bonino is not full of shit. Okay, I told you we had two years just the news by Ben Whedon. It's a great piece. You should read it. Trump has two years to push his biggest policies through and Republicans know it.


Newt Gingrich says, experienced Republicans are mindful that their trifecta may only represent a brief opportunity to make an impact. Folks midterms traditionally don't go well, not a pessimist. We could win some seats. We, I, but I'm not into coulda, shoulda, woulda, I'm into what is We have two years. That's the reason I'm doubling down on Pete, doubling down on secret service reform, doubling down on the Elon Musk, Vivek Ramas, Swami Doge Department of Government efficiency. That's why I am, I'm, I'm, I'm honing in on Pentagon reform. FBI reform. We can do magic in two years. And I'm not talking about bullshit kids' magic at a fifth grader's birthday party. I'm talking about legit.


We could do like Gandalf, the gray magic kind of shit here, but we've got two years. That's it. I don't want anyone out there in the Bonino Army getting complacent at all thinking We got time. We got time. We don't have time. Time has us every time. Pun intended folks, their game plan going forward, their game plan going forward that has now been disrupted. I'm talk about they, I'm talking about the left and the deep staters kind of switching gears a little bit was clearly to scam in elections, to set up excessive government spending so that any cut is portrayed as You know, starving grandma to death.


It was to cheat to then lie about it and to censor anyone who spoke out about it. The censorship part of the leftist media bureaucrat, politician, symbiotic venom like organism was the critical part. When I say censorship, I'm talking about fake fact checks. The ability to use former pre Elon Twitter to shut you down and ban your account. The censorship was critical. This segment is super important. I wanna show you right now a bunch of video clips on exactly how they were planning to do it and why they're freaking out right now about people like RFK and elsewhere.


Here's a hint, it's got a lot to do with healthcare. It's got more to do with censorship. Take a our last break and then get back to the segment. This is really important. Get your friends and tell 'em to tune in 'cause this is why they're really pissed off. They thought they had a censor for good.


Hey, you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Listen, I've got the solution for you. Don't feel tired the next day to a poor, poor sleep. Takes a really horrible toll on your health. There's hope on the horizon. It comes in the form of beams Dream powder. They sent me some over a year ago and I've enjoyed it ever since. Seeing we're sleeping well, we're sharper more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws our way. Other sleep aids, they have this problem they can cause the next day grogginess but not dream. It contains a powerful all natural blend of Reishi, magnesium, altheine, Apogen and melatonin helps you fall asleep, stay asleep. That's important and wake up refreshed Beam Cyber Monday Sale has been extended exclusively for Dan Bongino. Show listeners, get up to 45% off when you visit shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code Bonino, get some sleep, try the game changing product. So head on over to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino for up to 45% off. That's shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off. Thank you Beam.


And our last sponsor today is one of my favorite companies. Jacked Up Fitness. You guys got a picture of my machine? I absolutely love this machine folks. I don't like going to the gym. I gotta be honest with you. I mean I love working out. I just don't like going to the gym. I don't like driving there. I wind up getting into a thousand conversations. It's not anyone else's faults mine. I'm just a chatty Cathy. So I like to work out from home. This is my actual home gym that is my jacked up fitness machine. I absolutely love it. You'll see it as everything you need right there. It's got this Smith machine. Of course you can always put the bench, you can use your dumbbells. You put the bench in there. I do the cable flies, I do the lateral raises, I do the, there's a chin up bar right there on the top. It is an absolutely amazing all in one machine. Doing cardio is not enough. You have got to train your muscles. You do not wanna get older and get frail. You don't. You don't. One of the leading causes of death is for older people you never believe falling because the muscles atrophy. Well, they don't have to jacked up. Fitness will provide everything you need at home in their all in one home gym. It is absolutely the best one on the market. They have a full body video workout. Two is, well you just push play and follow along. You don't even need a trainer, they'll do it for you. It's an American company. They donate hundreds of machines to Wounded Warriors. The guy who runs the company's a really good guy too and he's not asking to buy his products. He's a good guy. It's just a great product. Now dude, December 15th, jacked up Fitness is offering 20% off site-wide. Folks get ready for the new year. This is the best deal you're ever gonna get in these badass machines. The holiday rush is on. So order before December 15th, make sure to get yours by Christmas. No promo code required. Order your home gym today@getjackedup.com. That's get jacked up.com. Check it out. It's my machine of choice. I don't just put anything in my home gym. Get jacked up.com.


Okay, back to the show folks. I want you to watch this. This is an absurd segment on cnn. Now why am I playing this clip? This is one of those clips I get asked a lot out in public. How is it that these liberals believe all these crazy things? You guys are Nazis racists. You've heard all the nonsense and the bullshit before we get it. They believe it because this is what they're saturated in. There's an assumption out there that liberals are gonna go out there and actually do homework. They will not, this is why they're gaslit. Gaslighting is lying, lying off and lying confidently and isolating people from the truth. The censorship component I was talking about before is the way the left isolates you from the truth. So you never hear an alternate voice. This is why I'm so impressed with this guy, this guy Scott Jennings out there on CNN.


I play his clips a lot. Here's the CNN audience. One of the commentators who actually believes Donald Trump is gonna use the military here to be targeting American citizens. They believe this kind of crazy because this is what they hear. And when you censor the opposition, which is why I'm stunned they haven't shut this guy up yet. You get people who believe in crazy shit. Check this out. I don't wanna be bringing back water boarding. I don't wanna be a country that tortures people, especially for the kind of country that's gonna be using the military against our own citizens. Well wait, what that mean? This kind of thing concerns me. What Do you mean use against our own citizens? I'm talking about sending, You said blue states behave. What do you, what do you mean? What are you talking about? I'm talking about sending the military into blue states to make them behave.


What? What? Getting Gavin Newsom under control. Getting JP Pritzker under control. What? Making sure, whatcha talking about? Whatcha talking about sitting into Trump? Capitol talk said to commandeer the state government. I I mean I hope not, but I I definitely, he's definitely talked about that. I don't know why you're talking, You've never heard this before. Talked the military to, to suppress in the Black Lives Matter era. Those protests in the street. He, he was there himself. That's actually, I just make sure I understand your position that you believe Donald Trump is going to use the military to set up effectively like coups in state capitals of states that he didn't win. Scott, I think you're taking it a step or two. No, she said make blue states behave and she also said Roundup immigrants. That's not true's deport illegal immigrants.


Scott, I think you Just, Scott, I dunno why you're acting. No I Michael, you see why I played this guy's in the Chad ladies, you see why I played it? That panel Jennings, by the way, is not some like MAGA flame thrower. He's a conservative guy but I'd say moderate on a lot of stuff. I don't know him personally. We've never actually met before. I don't think that's not the point. The point is he's not even one of us in the mag sense. And he's sitting on this panel on CNN and he's sitting there going, holy shit, what am I hearing? Are you guys crazy? And the panel, instead of recognizing what this woman said, Donald Trump with the guns and the military and coming after me, instead of saying, yeah, that's kind of a bridge too far.


That sounds nuts. The panel looks at Jennings. Michael, am I right? Like he's nuts. He's sitting there like I can't believe I'm surrounded by these morons and the whole panel's like, Scott, calm down Scott. Okay, don't get crazy Scott. Scott's like, calm down. I don't need to calm down. This crazy person needs to calm down. You wonder why liberals believe crazy shit. This is why. This is why they, that whole panel's convinced he's the lunatic folks. The purchase of Twitter by Elon Musk has changed everything. The entire game has changed now because now boatloads of non lunatic liberals are not isolated from the truth.


Gaslighting, remember gaslighting, look it up and tattoo it on your brain. Liberals have lived off it for 50 years. How do they get people to believe crazy shit? Lie about it, lie often, lie confidently and isolate people from the truth. That's why they love censorship. But they're losing and they are freaking out. Why are they going after he and Cash Patel? Cue up the Harry Anton clip from CNN next Harry Anton's, A CNN pollster reasonably honest guy from what I've seen and no reason to bash the guy here he is on CNN talking about faith in the FBI folks. I don't have faith in any government entity, any government entity ever I trust but verify And everything I've been able to verify with the FBI is that the management of the FBI has turned political has been screwing over the American citizenry.


Here's how I know we're winning because the censorship regime is dying a slow death. Believe me, I see it from behind the scenes as an investor in alternate tech free speech, the free speech economy. I see things I don't waste your time with. 'cause a lot of it's business, this censorship regime is dying. It's not dead. I wanna be clear but it is dying. Listen to what faith in the FBI looks like when you come to public polling, this is the kind of stuff that would've been hidden years ago. Check this out. Patel has real reason to believe that Americans would go along with changes that he might potentially make at the FBI. And there's a reason why Donald Trump feels like he can make this change. It's because if you look here, FBI is doing an excellent or good job.


Look at this time trend line. You go back to 2014, right? It was 59% of Americans then 57% in 2019, 50% in 2022. Look at where we are today. My goodness gracious. Just 41% of Americans think the FBI is doing an excellent or good job. That is by far the lowest number this century. The bottom line is during the Trump administration, obviously there were the investigations in the Donald Trump, you saw a little bit of drop then. And then post January 6th, look at that drop. 50% now 41%. My goodness gracious Kate Bald I think Folks, I wanna thank you Ga. I'm looking at Michael. I wanna say Gaslight.


There we go to manipulate using psychological methods into questioning their own sanity or powers of reason. Will you start to say to yourself, am I crazy? When people are lying to you, we are winning. Listen, self praise stinks. Praising you. Doesn't we are winning massive shout out to some of these Twitter accounts out there, Hanson. You have Shem Horn, you have other Jeff Carlson. If you're not following these people, look 'em up. These were people that for the last five to seven years turned over FOIA fan. Another one turned over. Massive stones. Marco Polo, I'm not trying to leave anyone out.


Sarah Carter, John Solomon, they turned over every single stone on Spygate. This is the kind of stuff they were hoping to censor and they couldn't. And that's why the public for the first time is seeing what's underneath the FBI rock. And people don't believe them anymore. But here's the kicker, they don't believe the media either. We're in charge. I told you that New York Times guys, Stewart Thompson keeps watching our show. Say, why do you keep shitting on the media? Because you guys suck. Your batting average is like seriously, like 300 and 300 is good in baseball. It sucks in the media. It means seven outta 10 times. You're wrong. Put up Aon cuss. I'm sorry I can't say your name Per Axios, which is another left wing rag.


Viewers aren't tuning into M-S-N-B-C or CNN. Look at this chart. Why? Because people are figuring it out folks. The gaslighting isn't working anymore. Look at these numbers. Fox's audience has been up and down but still relatively high. Look at C-N-M-S-N-B-C. I wanna show you something here Stewart, I hope you're watching this right? Our video on demand numbers, right? Video on demand. Go look at them on our Rumble page, right? There isn't a show in the last few weeks that doesn't have a million and 1,000,002 views on demand. Now some of those are up. Put that back up a second. If you would, and I if you could show my Rumble page when you're done, Michael, be similar. Do your entrepreneurial thing.


So folks, this is, and it's not just me, there are other shows kicking ass too. Again, you got Charlie Kirk, Benny Johnson, Tim Poole, Steven Crowder, slaying it. So we do about 1,000,002 video. Forget Apple and Spotify, which is probably another 500,000 viewers. Scrap that for now. Just video alone. A lot of those are live streaming. So apply like a 40% discount or so, say even more. I'll even be generous. Say we have 600,000 people who watch our show, right? You are telling me that us in the middle of a converted apartment, again with Michael Michael's by himself over there right now. Gee walked away. Gee's probably watching Star Wars.


Who the hell knows what he's doing, right? Gee, look at our views. Look at this. They, this is the views right now on this show. 1.1 million, 1.2 million, 1.3 million. We're beating M-S-N-B-C and CNN Billion dollar Enterprises. The numbers back it up. This is the home for truth man. Trust in the media's collapsing. 'cause we don't lie to you, I don't jump out ahead of the United Health CEO story and start speculating with crazy Jason Bourne theories because I don't wanna waste your freaking time. You guys are valuable to me and as a consumer of podcasts and products too. I don't like when I'm being bullshitted, even if I don't agree with the person, I don't like being lied to.


Speaking of podcasts, the absolute king of podcast is Joe Rogan. There's no question about it. There's an interesting article in the Atlantic this morning about Joe Rogan, actually how Joe Rogan is the media. Now Atlantic's a left wing rag, but it's worth your time if you, it's buying a paywall. So I wouldn't recommend you subscribe or anything, but if you can get it, you should get it. It talks about how this new media landscape is totally different. You can only lie to people and censor 'em for so long before they, the the, remember the analogy I used to use about the beach ball underwater can only hold it down for so long before it explodes. Rogan is the media now, even if you don't like his content, the guy's got a massive audience. The great Mike Bens the deep state specialist, one on Joe Rogan's show.


And he was talking about this censorship complex. And folks, the thing they're trying to censor are populist movements around the world. The MAGA movement, the populist movement in Brazil, the populist movement happening right now in France. If you've been watching what's going on with the snap elections over there, they're trying to crush populist movements. They can't have you freely exchanging information. Listen to Ben's explain this on Rogan. This is great. There Were events in the runup, well, it all sort of happened simultaneously really, because the, the month that Elon announced his acquisition was the same month that the disinformation governance board was announced at DHS, which was the first thing that really roused Republicans and frankly anyone with institutional power in DC to finally stare into the sun and recognize, or at least begin to glimpse the size of what they were up against.


The disinformation governance board set off a flurry of congressional activity from Chuck Grassley and other, You know, luminaries in, in, in Congress. There were a lot of there whistleblower documents came out. And for years, ha the entire Republican party and, and most of the Democrat party had denied the existence of government censorship. And it frankly, the, the ministry, the the Ministry of Truth was not the disinformation governance Board. The disinformation Ministry of Truth had already existed three years earlier at DHS. They just made, they just called it a name that masked what it did.


It was called the cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency. Folks, the government has been doing this forever. They are trying to cross populous movements around the world. And anyone, I wanna be clear on this, anyone on the other side of censorship is going to become an enemy of the deep state. No, I'm protected if I'm a Democrat, which I'm not. You are not protected. Listen to me, Democrats watching my show. You're out there. I get your emails. I've converted quite a few of you and I appreciate it. You are not safe from them. If you speak out against censorship, you are next folks. Listen, I I I I appreciate President Trump's vision of what he wants to do with his cabinet.


And I think RFKs had a genuine conversion. I met him in the green room at the UFC. It wasn't like some big long conversation, but it was good enough. And I trust President Trump's vision of what he wants to do. He's gonna be his nominee for HHS. If President Trump thinks that's the guy, then You know what? That's good enough for me and I'm, I'm gonna support him and I'm gonna assume he is. Got some vision here with this. RFK has become an enemy of the left. Let's just be candid though about who RFK was. RFK is a Democrat his entire life and a and a left-leaning one for a long time. That's not a mystery. Why is he now all of a sudden an enemy of the left? 'cause I believe he's had a genuine awakening. And I use those words deliberately, had a genuine awakening as to what the left has become a party of censorship.


Listen to this clip, RFK very carefully and you'll see why this guy's public enemy number one, yeah, lot's got to do with big pharma and other stuff like that. But this is the real reason they hate RFK. Listen to him on censorship. Check this out. There's never been a a time in history when the good guys were the people who were censoring books and censoring information and throughout covid the media took on this responsibility of, of basically lying to the public about public health issues in order to get them to follow a certain policy which the media believed in, apparently, which were lockdowns, mass, You know, the, the forced vaccination, et cetera.


And now it's clear that those policies were not beneficial to public health. But You know, I think the media got into this, this posture of censorship and it's hard for them to relinquish it. Folks. I like to do deeper dives. I don't like to be superficial at stuff and I give you both sides. Yes. RFK was a Democrat and a left-leaning one anyone telling you otherwise is lying to you and gaslighting you. And this show is not doing that. If I lose people, that's fine. We'll gain people in the end. 'cause this is a home for truth. Okay? I genuinely believe what changed RFK was the covid fiasco within the government. The massive scandal about the vaccine, the censorship.


I am not on YouTube anymore. You know why we were banned? You know why we were banned from YouTube? Because we told people the truth about Covid. Go look it up. We put up the headlines a thousand times about masks and vaccines and we were told you say it again, you're gone. And we did and we're gone now we're on Rumble. I don't care. I don't miss YouTube one bit. It's not a sob story, I'm just telling you Covid changed a lot of people and it broke the censorship complex because the average person who didn't wanna jam a shot into his kid's arm who was at low risk for Covid, found out if he said anything, he was kicked off social media too. Now the tactics part of this show is important.


The left is going to use this tactic on Elon and Trump moving forward because they've been doing it now for 10 years and you need to be savvy to it. You ready? I want you to watch your CNN clip and I want you to watch it critically because once you see this, you'll never unsee it going forward. The Department of Government Efficiency, this Elon Musk, Vivek Ramas Swami led effort to clean up ridiculous government overspending, right? The only way they can argue against this, 'cause no one wants to waste taxpayer money, correct? No. Even, You know, smart Democrats, the few we have left, they're like, oh, we don't wanna waste money. The only way to argue against it is going to be to go back to the the the same freaking go-to they go to every time.


Man, pointing this out, you guys could be inciting violence against government workers. No, they're doing it. Don't fall for this bullshit. They say it every single time. Anytime you point something out, you're inciting violence. They could call you a Nazi, a Ku Klux Klan member, a racist that's not inciting violence. They can actually call for violence against you. Remember with Rick Wilson, someone's gonna have to put a bullet in his head that doesn't matter. But you say, Hey man, this agency has hired a lot of people. We don't really need the government. You're definitely inciting violence. You doubt me, it's already starting. Watch this. There Is some concern not just about people's jobs, but about their personal safety given the way that they are.


Particularly Elon Musk is behaving on his social media platform. Yeah, federal employees that you talk to civil servants, they are prepared. They know that job cuts are coming, but something that they were not prepared for and that they very afraid of is being personally targeted by people like Elon Musk. And that's because just a few weeks ago we saw Elon Musk posting, reposting some accounts on X that were posting screenshots of this publicly available federal database of civil servants. And they're pointing out what they say were sort of, they consider them absurd jobs. These are things like director of climate diversification, chief Climate Officer. We have some of these posts on X that he made and we actually blurred out the names of these civil servants to protect their privacy, which is not something that Elon Musk did when he reposted this.


Now he reposted these posts with comments like so many fake jobs, but whatever you think of these jobs and whether they should exist or not, those people that he listed, they are private individuals, they're not public facing individuals and now they're receiving a torrent of online hate and potentially even more Threats. Threats offline. It's really they are not private individuals. You pay them. Now, again, let me be clear for the Stuart Thompsons of the world, crystal clear scotch tape, clear under no circumstances whatsoever, should anybody be threatening anyone for going to work in the government. I worked for the government. A lot of very patriotic, country loving people work for the government because they think it's the right thing to do.


We all get that. And any lunatic threatening these people, you're not welcome on the show and you never will be. That is a red line. We never cross and we will never cross. And that's a full stop. However, these are not private individuals. They work for us. You were paying them. It is public information, inciting violence. Are you for real? It was like the people complain about fauci. Oh my gosh, what balls people have criticizing Dr. Fauci. Dr. Fauci iss not a private doctor, he works for us. Dr. Fauci doesn't like public criticism. Dr. Fauci shouldn't work for the public.


You believe this shit. They do this every time. They'll call you a Nazi. They'll in actually incite violence against you. Cover up for BLM Antifa violence during the Floyd riots. And then you go, Hey man, does this guy Joey bag of donuts really need to be $175,000 a year paid employee of an entity that's not really doing anything in the federal government. That's definitely inciting violence, ladies and gentlemen. That's bullshit. And you know it do not fall for this stuff. The government and gov. I'm not knocking government employees. I worked for the government, I worked for the NYPD and the Secret Service and I went to the private sector, okay?


I am not knocking government employees. I mean it passionately. There are people who do really amazing things, okay? I get it. My local sheriff here is one of my best friends and an amazing guy. He is a government employee and the county's safe because of him. Our military heroes, they're government employees too. They work for the government. However, there is a ridiculous amount of waste in government, and the government should not live by separate rules that the private sector doesn't. They're not sine cured, they're not positions for life where they're entitlements. That's not the way this works. Here's another killer segment from Joe Rogan shows This isn Mark Andreessen, who's a tech investor among other things.


And here's Andreessen on government rules for government that don't seem to apply to you about working from home. Go back to work. I'm sorry. Everybody else has to. I mean, oh, Dan, you work from home. Oh, not anymore. Do I live here? Gee, yes. No, I don't. I just screw up that question. I live here. Oh, I get where you're going with this. Okay. Well, technically it is my house, but no, Michael. 'cause Keith keeps messing it up. Do I live here? Fairly certain you don't. Thank you. He's fairly certain. I I do not. So don't send anything. 'cause I don't live here anymore. Gee. Played this clip by Mark Andreesen. Check this out. You know, most federal workers never came back to work.


Really? Yeah. They they work from home most, most. Yeah. Like what percentage? A very large percentage. Something like half, just literally just never came back. Whoa. They, and they still, by the way, still drop paycheck. They're still in their jobs, but literally they're not in the office. Or in some cases they have an agreement where there's one agency I probably won't name, but there's one agency where there's where the, This isn. Okay, here's another great thing. There are agencies of the federal government whose workforces are both civil servants, civil, have full civil service protections and, and unionized entirely paid for by the taxpayer. But they both have civil service protections, which by the way, are totally made up. There's no concept in the constitution of lake civil service protections. It's just like a totally made up thing. And they're unionized. And, and then there's a particular agency that I know of where the union agreement, the union negotiated the return to the office from Covid.


And the agreement was you have to be in the office one day a month. Whoa. And, and actually what the, the pattern now is what they do is the employees come in on their last day of the month and the first day of the following month. So they only have to be there for two days out of, for two months, out of, out of 60 days. That's crazy, Folks. That sounds like a scam. Let's drop in on the 31st and the first, and you don't have to see me again for another two months. I mean, come on man. You got people busting their ass out there for a living, sitting up in a hot attic, working on an HVAC system. People always laugh. I bring up HVAC all the time. You know why? Because Florida's freaking hot. Let's try this again. Gee, is Florida hot? He's like, no, no.


Florida's not hot. Florida's freaking hot. You are working up in an attic. I see these guys suffering. You think they wanna hear your bullshit stories about how, oh my gosh, I gotta come in three days every 60 days instead of two. No, I'm sorry. You live by a separate set of rules. You get stuff like this. Government waste is everywhere. It's time to clean it out. It's our freaking money. Here's Buttigieg. Did you see this clip from a couple weeks ago? He can't explain why billions of dollars was stolen from you to put electric car charging stations around the country. And they've managed to build, what, eight or seven for billions of dollars here. Give me a couple hundred thousand. I'll build a couple here in Martin County. This is what your government's paying for.


Watch this. The Federal Highway Administration says only seven or eight charging stations have been produced with a seven and a half billion investment that taxpayers made back in 2021. Why isn't that happening more quickly? So the president's goal is to have half a million chargers up by the end of this decade. Now, in order to do a charger, it's more than just plunking a a, a small device into the ground. There's utility work. And this is also really a new category of federal investment. But we've been working with each of the 50 states. Every one of them is getting formula dollars to do this work, engaging them in the first handful again by 20, 30 500,000 chargers. And the very first handful of chargers are now already being physically built.


Folks, the government is incapable of doing anything, right? I was driving in my car once. I was listening to C-Span in mountains, the only station I could get, right? I was running for office in the Western Maryland mountains knocking on doors. True story. I'm listening to Father Bob Sarco as a very conservative priest. He was talking at the Acton Institute and he said something I'll never forget, and you shouldn't forget it either. He said, it's not that government's too big. It's that government's too stupid. There is no incentive for government to do anything correctly because government doesn't profit at all from doing it correctly. So they can sit there and waste your money and your time at no loss to them because they show up on the 31st and the first and take 60 days off working from home.


Clean this mess up, man. And if we don't do it in two years, it's never gonna happen. We've got two years. Urgency matters. Time for celebrating the election. Celebrate all you want. But now it's work time. Time to get it done. Folks, thank you again for tuning in. I really appreciate it. Please support Rumble. We've had an amazing week. Download the Free Rumble app and if you would, if you just wanna watch on your desktop, that's fine. Go to Rumble dot com slash bonino, click that little if you would. Oh, look at that. There you go. Rumble dot com slash bonino. Click that subscribe button. We're trying to get the 4 million followers by like May or so the next year. That'd be really important to us. We really appreciate it. It's the biggest live stream on the internet. Join us every single day at 11:00 AM Eastern Time tomorrow, going out to celebrate my birthday.


Tonight we'll have a producer's pick show. So we'll be here at 11:00 AM We recorded some content for you, so please check that out. And I'll be on the radio show here in Rumble in a few minutes at noon. And then join us back here on Monday, 11:00 AM live. I will see you here. Also, give us a follow on Apple or Spotify. We dropped a little bit on Spotify this week, so if you'd help us out, we'd appreciate it. The Dan Bongino Show, give us a follow. See you then. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.