
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host. Dan. Bonino. Man, I miss you guys on Friday. I hope you all understand there was some like things going down this weekend. I don't mean down, like things going down. I mean like things were going down, but you just said things were going down and you said not. Things were, things were down, were going down a lot of things. If you saw the weekend pictures, this may be, this may be the craziest weekend update ever. I gotta tell you the the weekend update could be the entire show.


That's how much happened on the weekend update. And it's not even, it's not even like the personal stuff that happened this weekend. This isn't even, I'm not even sure on the radio show. I'm gonna do the, the warning for the, the stick to the issues crowd. 'cause the weekend update could be the issues. There was so much going down. Big show today. Don't go anywhere.


Hey Beam Cyber sales here. Bonino listeners enjoy up to 50% off at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code Bonino. Don't miss Beam's. Biggest sale of the year.


I got that And. I got a lot more. I gave, you know, I got a lot of behind the scenes scoop. And then also there is some serious stuff going down with Trump's cabinet and the these appointees and we gotta stay on top of that stuff. I'm gonna need the Bonino army to come through in the clutch here. Okay?


Hey, let me ask you a question. You think the country's going in the right direction or does it feel like everything's falling apart? If you're feeling alarm alarms, sometimes you're not alone. It's best to be prepared folks. Emergencies happen. Hurricane storms, tornadoes A, a terror attacks happen. They do. I wish they didn't. But the best thing you can do is to store food in your home, have water and food and be prepared. Where are you gonna get the food from? Where I get it from my Patriot Supply. They have a three month emergency food kit. The food in, there's delicious mushroom rice peel off, creamy stroganoff, honey wheat bread and others. 2000 calories a day per kit. That'll keep you alive in an emergency. You don't want to go around scrounging for food, waiting on some government line where you're gonna starve to death. The food lasts 25 years in storage. So when the emergency comes and it will, you'll be ready. So go today, go to my patriot supply.com, order your three month emergency food kit for my Patriot Supply. That's my patriot supply.com, my patriot supply.com.


Alright fellas, let's go. So this weekend was freaking bananas. Totally crazy pills time so much to talk about. I got pictures, I got video, I got behind the scenes video, I got stories. So let me just start quick. I was off on Friday. We put together an election wrap up special. My apologies, I should have told you in advance. But so many things happen so quick. Sometimes the kid just has to bounce and like a bounce. And I just had a bounce. Okay? So we still put together a show. My team, a lot of people watched it.


We appreciate it. So Friday I wound up, this is a little bit more personal, but I had to take a break 'cause there was so much going on. I was like drinking from a firehouse. So I went to the Stars and Strings concert. It was a benefit for Folds of Honor. It's a great charity. It was down in the Hard Rock and we had a, we had a great time. My wife And I, so I don't might spend too much time on that. But just one quick thing. I was playing some blackjack and I'm, even the whole night I'm not winning anything and I'm playing there and Paula says to me, Hey, take that $500 chip there. Which I never bet 500. I'm not like, you know, some big gambler right there. 50 bucks maybe. you know, sometimes the last per hand. And it's like having fun, you know. So I put down the 500, she's like, you're gonna hit a blackjack on this thing?


I'm like, no way. What comes out? A freaking queen and an ace. Yeah baby. That was my winning story. I'm like, we're out. Bye. I'm done. So I did pretty good at blackjack. The concert was amazing. Bailey Zimmerman, Riley Green, Megan Maroney was there. Parker McCallum, And I gotta tell you, I'm not too hip to like the music scene all the time. I have my specific artist, Jordan Davis I think he name amazing. These guys just tore it up. So that's when the real action happens. So Friday I find out, you know, we're gonna, we're going up to the UFC up at MSG Madison Square Garden. A friend of mine calls and says, we gotta go up.


So we go up and we're hanging. I wanna just quickly thank Dana White, president of the UFC for always taking good care of me. And Paula put us right up there in the front. Your guy, he's the man I love Dana. He could not have been kinder, thank you to him. So we're sitting there and we're kind of hanging out and Dana's got a little like, I don't know, VIP room, green room and we're hanging out in there. And Chris from the CEO of Rumble, And, I, we're chatting with a few people and all of a sudden, like this crew of people pile in and folks, it's the craziest thing ever. It's like, you know what, put up these pictures first, I just wanna show you, these are like people I'd never get outta my house.


So first is, you ever see, you know this guy, triple H, Paul Levesque amazing. I used, I watched the WWA, I still watch the a and e specials. You ever see this guy? Jelly Roll? Couldn't have been nicer. Jelly couldn't have been. I mean, what a great guy. I was like, Abra. And you ever see this guy? Yeah, both of them. They, that's Kid Rock and then Elon and then who's that woman over there? That's the lovely Paula she was. And Elon couldn't have been nicer, by the way. She was like, Elon, can you take a picture? She's like, yeah, sure, come on over. I talked to him for just a couple minutes. I told him, by the way, I told him, thank you for helping to save free speech. Wasn't a big long conversation. I don't wanna be dramatic. Maybe a minute or two, but super nice guy. That was Paula and Aiden Ross and his dad. Great guys. And, I. Think that's the the guy hosted bar, school show in the back.


But Aiden's a super popular live streamer. This is Chris from Rumble, This. isn. Hold this picture up a second. Chris is going in, do the walkout, going down to do the walkout. And he gets stuck in the elevator with Trump, Elon, Dana White. And then that's Sean from the Secret Service who got inadvertently caught up in the shot. So Chris, they asked him to take a selfie and he did. And this thing went viral right away. That's Chris from Rumble. So he's a trip. And then I was sitting down in the front right there and right in front of me was Triple H. And Eric came over and says, take a picture. So there's another good one. Me, triple H and Eric, there's Aiden, me and Chris, me winking, like, oh my gosh, look at that. And then this was Don Junior said, this was all of us in the section.


It's me, Chris, Don, Stephanie, McMahon, and Triple H. There's me and Trump. Me scanning the crowd, going all like, whoa, ninja style, secret service. He Trump given a iconic thumbs up, his favorite picture, met RFK, by the way, couldn't have been nicer. Ran into him in the green room. Super nice guy. We spoke a little bit about some stuff. Here's some video from Paula's camera. So let just tell you before you play it, let me just explain this to you. So I'm in this VIP room, right with them. And they're getting ready for the walkout, And, I. You know when to walk out with Trump. And I. I don't typically do the walkout because you, I don't, I I just go and take my seat, you know, it's not my thing. I mean, I don't, and as I'm walking out, Dana says, Bonino and I said, what's up in front of this whole crew?


It's like tulsi, RFK Don don Jr. Don dj JT. And he goes, Bonino. He goes, you come do this walkout with us. He goes, you helped too. I said, hell yeah, I'm not gonna say no to that shit. So I get in the elevator, we're going to do the walkout. Paula grabs my hand, she looks at me, she's like, can you believe this shit? Like we're getting ready to walk out to this UFC crowd with Trump. This is Paula's camera. It got cut off about five seconds in. But this was freaking crazy. Folks. I'm telling you, you have no idea how bananas this thing was. This is how, it's the videos online. Do it no justice. I have never in my life heard a roar like this.


This was the end of it when, because we were like four or five people behind Trump. It was, I was like behind Elon and Kid Rock. And this is, and we were kind of chatting the president And I throughout the night a little bit. I some of you saw it on video and on camera. So there we are, right there looking around, checking things out, checking out the screen. Yeah, it was folks, it was nuts. Listen, You can just see the crowd was, there's Paula right there, right next to me. And that's, I think that's, was that Lorenzo Forta, the guy who was one of the original USC guys, it's a RFK right over there. Mike Johnson. Mike Johnson took a picture and right over the shoulder, I kind of inadvertently photobombed, me and Trump were talking about something.


So me and the president were talking about something baller peeking in there, right in the background, of course causing trouble. Folks, it was an amazing event. I wanna show you this too. The best part of the night. At the end of the night, Johnny Bone Jones, congratulations. He beats us. Steep am he dominated him. The whole fight, folks. I was there, I saw it. But this happened at the end of the night. Paul And I were seriously like maybe eight, 10 feet away. And I didn't think John Jones was gonna do this, man. He's, he's what a nice guy. Give the, he gave a shout out to Jesus Christ, which is what really matters. And then he comes outside the ring with the belt and then this happens with President Trump. And man, it's like folks, keep in mind it's about two in the morning when this is happening and this place, it might as well have been eight o'clock at night.


There's Johnny Bones Jones giving him the belt. Trump takes it. This movement, I this moment was so special, man, I can't even tell you. And I, Oh. yeah, yeah, I know, right? There you go. He said it right. There you go. Trump, Nazi, white Trump ever. He's like the worst Nazi white supremacist ever, ever. This is the one thing, he's that terribly we're seriously, like right over his right shoulder. We could hear John Jones and man, it was just an incredible, incredible event. So I know a lot of you are interested in a lot of, of the behind the scenes about who's what. I'm just here again to repeat, none of this stuff is my decision, okay? About anything. You guys know what I'm talking about.


And there's a lot to think about if that decision were to happen. And you guys will be the first to know, okay? 'cause I love you and you guys matter. And so just hang with me. you know, CNN of course had a meltdown about the walkout and the whole event. Folks, the place went nuts. We were in the middle of the heart of Manhattan, liberal Manhattan. And I'm telling you, it was the loudest thing I've ever heard. The, I promise you those videos do it no justice. If you saw it live Rogan Joe Rogan, I think Cormier would do the announce. They're like, you can't even, you could barely hear yourself talk. People were screaming. USA, it was nuts. Trump was doing the dance at the end, you know, to Trump. The robot CNN absolutely melted down Because.


they just can't take it that this guy has a popular mandate now in the support of the people. So this is what happened on CNN comparing it to some like Roman gladiator event. Just stupidity. Check this out. He's flood the zone with these picks and forced Republicans to choose And I. Think it's interesting to me that he brought Tulsi Gabbard and RFK Jr to the UFC event last night. He is frankly giving, I think, supporter based permission structure and he is made these folks stars over the course of this campaign. I mean, in, in some ways it's, it, it's, it's easy to view this I think through a different lens. Like this is also just a person who won following through on campaign promises. He promised retribution, he promised vengeance and he promised these kind of figures having prominent places in his administration and he's delivering it.


And for a lot of those supporters, that is the point of the Trump vote Folks. This is just, you know, are you guys remember Jenk from the Young Turks? He did that debate with us. He's a left wing guy. I mean there's no doubt about it. But Jenk has been, I actually followed him on X because he's been putting out from the left some interesting perspectives and takes And I think it's important. And, I and you guys probably vibe with me on this, that we don't ignore that we're not gonna agree with it. We're not lefties, okay? We're gonna fight against a lot of what they want, collectivism and socialism. But it's important to understand them. And I, think Jenk and others are finally waking up that they missed something.


'cause Jenk put this thing out saying shit man, the mainstream media we're like dead now. Like we don't even look at this. The show folks we're 11 minutes in, we got 140,000 people. We have a bigger audience right now than the entire like CNN demo. I mean, that's nuts. Think about it. They're on, on basically every cable news a a affiliated home in the country. You're talking about tens of millions of homes and little Dan Bonino from the back of this tiny studio with his three guys has a bigger audience right now demo wise than they do. We're winning. They're losing. And that's why you see again this melt, oh these figures are all about vengeance. I spoke to Tulsi for a good five minutes in the green room.


The idea of vengeance never came up. The idea of accountability did. But those are not the same things. Those are not the same things. Vengeance. These said the CNN is obsessed with, they're the only ones obsessed with vengeance. Folks, I'm getting a little worried because the left is as predicted. I told you they were gonna get their sea legs, they were wobbly, you know, using the UFC analogy, they took a few bad shots, their knees were wobbly, but eventually just like happened in the the Chandler or Vira fight, you know when, when Chandler was hitting him, oh, Vira got his head together, the left. It was only gonna take him a little bit. I warned you don't get too excited about the, the cannibalism. Like eventually the, the money and the donors are gonna figure out how to try to get this thing back.


Shenanigans are everywhere. And I want you to pay close attention to a couple of stories. 'cause we were out on Friday, the, the Senate Democrats are now freaking out that the Republican majority that's coming in are gonna do exactly what the Senate Democrats pledged to do to us Washington Examiner Schumer to Republicans. Please don't do to us what we were gonna do to you. I wanna focus on one thing here 'cause it's critical. The Democrats were gonna destroy the filibuster, the 60 vote threshold to get something passed in the Senate. Sorry for the basic civics lesson. But there are liberals listening. Some of 'em aren't that bright. Okay? There's a hundred senators because of the filibuster you effectively need. If you don't use reconciliation, you, which is most things you need 60 votes to pass.


Folks, we don't have 60. That's not the case in the house where it's a simple, it's a majority. We have 53 coming in. So we're going to have to surpass filibuster numbers to get a lot of big ticket items passed. But what if we can't? Then it's gonna go down in flames. The Democrats wanted to scrap that and make it a simple 51 vote to get something passed majority to the Republicans in the Senate. And this may be controversial, but I'm gonna throw this out there. I gotta tell you, man, I know you don't like the idea dumping the filibuster, but the Democrats, if they take charge, are gonna do it. They're gonna do it.


So I'm not telling you to do it, it, I'm just telling you, you should be considering it because I'm telling you they're gonna do it. And now you've got 53 in the house. You could do big things. They're gonna do it because there were shenanigans afoot everywhere. Did you see this tweet? They're trying to steal the Pennsylvania Senate race and the North Carolina Supreme Court race and a bunch of other seats in California. Folks, the election's not over. Now it's work time. I I told you we would take a week, weeks up, still celebrate, great, everything's going good so far. But man it's time to get our work boots back on. Even the Washington Post is now starting to point out that the Democrats are now illegally counting votes in Bucks County, Pennsylvania trying to steal this Senate seat.


Do I think it's gonna happen? I don't, I don't think they're, even with the, the attempted theft and the creation of new phantom votes and aren't legal, I still don't think they have the numbers. But even the post is like, Hey, Democrats thumb their nose at the rule of law in Pennsylvania. Elections need rules and they must be applied equally and consistently. How bad do you have to f something up that the Washington Post is calling you out? I'm just saying folks, they are pushing full steam ahead in Bucks County and elsewhere to count actually illegal votes. You can see the race is tightening up. It's not gonna happen. McCormick's gonna be fine I think, but we gotta keep our eyes on this.


They've done this before. Here's, here's the Bucks County tweet, bucks County, they're trying to flip it. Bucks County may flip the Harris and the Democrats. They And I. And by the way, this is a, a mention of the North Carolina Supreme Court race too. The Democrat is now after still counting votes. Unbelievably two weeks man, two freaking weeks. The Democrats now up by I think 26 votes, they note a lot of ballot counting is taking place after the election. Listen, Republicans, when you get in charge here, this has to stop. This has to stop. It is election day, it's not election season. You've now gotten some cases, almost a month plus of early voting.


We're now two weeks after the election GUI just said it, right? We're still counting folks. It is never meant to be a 2, 3, 4 month election. It's election day to the Republicans listening and the constituents out there and the Bongino army. Four more years we've got, we have got to clean this mess up. This should be the first piece of legislation passed by the Republicans in the house, at least in federal elections. They can control that. There will be no more counting of votes after election day, early voting. It should be in and counted ballots should have to be in by election day.


That's it. Unbelievable. North Carolina Supreme Court race. They're gonna try to steal this thing that d Eric Daugh. D Daughtry writes, the ballots continue to be counted. Now the Democrat mysteriously takes the lead. How are states still counting? Endless counting means endless possibilities for cheating folks. It's gotta stop. This has to be initiative number one. Who in the chat agrees? I haven't, didn't get the chance to interact with you guys Friday. Do you think this should stop like election night? That's it. Yes or no? Why? Yes, it should stop. No, we should count for three and four months. You got senate, you got a, what do you call it?


You got a congressional racist in California that unbelievably still haven't been called, it's freaking two weeks later. Well this is unanimous. We may break the chat. by the way, Chris, the CEO of Rumble is super impressed with the Bonino army. Here's the thing about the chat. Here's how you know our audience is real. You guys wanna let me, I'll let you in on a little secret. There are a lot of fakers out there in the live streaming world who put up, say they put up big numbers. Look at that chat, look at that. Yes, look at what we have. There are a lot of fakers in the live streaming world.


Did you know that? They wanna say, oh look I have 90,000 streamers. you know what a lot of their streamers are? They're bots, they're fake, not all of 'em. But a lot of people do that. you know how you could tell who the fakers are? Go to their chat. 'cause bots don't chat. Well you can't have chat bots, but they don't answer questions. We ask a question. We like that chat on fire. We like that chat on fire because you people in the Bongino army are real. Go to their chat. There's nobody in there. I thought you got a hundred thousand people watching. Now why is there nobody in your chat? 'cause you don't, I don't like fakers. This is business for me too. I'm an equity holder and Rumble, we wanna make sure we know who the real players are.


Folks, endless counting, endless possibilities for cheating. As I said you, I'm gonna take a quick break. I wanna come back just quickly, not to re relitigate the beginning of the show, but I was in the little green room area at the UFC and Elon came in and Elon got there. There weren't a lot of people in the, in this little room there, maybe 50 to a hundred he said you saw them jelly roll, triple H was there a lot of really like influential kind of players in the business, influencer type folks and stuff. So when Elon walked in, Paul went over and said hello. And he was nice, but I just very briefly talked with him. I don't like name drops. Oh, we had a deep conversation. No we didn't, I promise you. But I did say to him, Hey man, I really appreciate, you know your role in in fighting back in a war for free speech And.


I'm gonna tell you something folks. We would not have won the election like we did without X. What are he saying? Trump wouldn't won. No, I think Trump would've been fine. But some of those Senate races, no I don't think we would've. And down ballot stuff, I'm not sure we would've either if we did not have X in its form. Now I wanna show you this quick clip of Elon and Rogan and you'll see what I mean. 'cause ladies and gentlemen, we don't have the first amendment. We don't have anything. That's the real fight going forward. Quick break. We'll be right back.


Hey, when the doctors at Brick House Nutrition announced a Black Friday, black Friday sale, it's a big deal. Now's the time to save a bundle when you reboot and optimize your health. It's the Biggest sale of the year on everything that includes field agrees. The fruit and vegetable powder I drink every single day. They promise your doctor will notice your improved health from good nutrition or your money back. Where are you gonna get that anywhere else? The Black Friday sale also includes one of my favorite products. Lean couple people saw my picks. You can read the comments yourself. I hope I'm not speaking outta turn. They're like, Dan, you look good. I can't believe you're 50. Thank you, I appreciate it. Sell praise. Thanks. I'm not saying that lean's one of the reasons. If you go back in my Instagram and you look, you'll notice I lost a lot of weight. About 30 pounds Lean was how I did it. LEAN and their collagen accelerator. you know, listen, my skin should be falling apart right now. It doesn't. It's a really great collagen product. It's called Radiance. Check it out from weight loss to sleep aids, creatine to Whole Food Barge. They're all on sale. Go today to field of greens.com. Field of greens.com. Use the code sale. This is a huge sale for them. Promo code sale, SAL e@fieldofgreens.com. Try lean, try field of greens, try radiance. That's my combo to kind of stay young and frosty. This is the last time. And don't forget promo code sale@fieldofgreens.com. Check it out.


All right, back to the show. So I got to thank Elon, very nice guy. I really appreciate what he did here was Elon and this was the game changing moment I think that helped us win this election so forcefully. And by the way, don't believe the new media narrative on CNN and elsewhere. They're like Trump fell below 50% of the popular vote. Dopey losers. Okay? At CNN there were two choices. The fact that there were stragglers in the race, Jill Stein and others and other people not take away at all from the fact that we disposed of the Democrats in Kamala Harris in nearly every competitive race in the country and won the popular vote by millions of votes.


Don't believe the bullshit. This was a mandate, but it wouldn't have happen as convincingly down ballot without this. Check this out. And but if it wasn't for you buying that and, and changing Twitter, I I don't think we would be where we're at right now. I think it was, it was a pivotal moment. I think historically when people look back on it, it's gonna be a pivotal moment in this very bizarre fight for the freedom of information. Yeah, well, I mean at the time I said, I think like, look, I think this is existential to the United States. It's existential to democracy because if, if, if you don't, if you don't have freedom of speech, you don't have democracy, okay?


Because if people, if you don't have freedom of speech, people cannot make an informed vote. If if they're, if they're just being fed propaganda and, and, and there's no freedom of speech, democracy is an illusion. Michael notes something interesting that the chat peaked out at 92 posts per second, which is a stunning number in the chat. And at Pennsylvania is it? Pennsylvania is counting votes at six votes per second. So Rumble leads the way. Ah, if you guys need some help counting votes, We can help you give, give us a jingle, we'll help you guys out. But what Elon said is right ladies and gentlemen, if you don't have, you don't have freedom of speech, you don't have conflicting perspectives and the ability to judge who's right and who's wrong, that was a critical inflection point in this election.


And don't believe the media bullshit. I promise you I'm always ahead of the narrative, always, always self praise thinks. But in this case, screw it, you are gonna see in the coming days, the narrative's gonna shift and you're gonna see in the news and on Twitter, which has lost all influence by the way. But they're still gonna put it out there. You're gonna see these stories. you know, Trump only got 49.95% of the popular vote. It's all bullshit. It doesn't matter. you know what matters. You got even less. You suck on the left. Okay, sorry, you are bad. So sad. Now I gotta get back to some critical stuff ladies and gentlemen.


The nomination fights are heating up. This is gonna be a dog fight. This is gonna be plane to plane, aerial combat, top gun style. This is gonna get really ugly. Now I'm telling you for a fact, whoever's out there pitching to you like oh the Trump team like pick gates and just a spur of the moment thing and they didn't really know what they were doing. Bullshit. Not everything they do is four D chess. These cabinet picks have been, I'm gonna explain to you something right now that I'm absolutely certain of and you could take it to the bank and media people who have been spinning an opposite narrative.


Start taking, get your pens out, start taking notes. You ready? The Trump team learned a valuable lesson from 2016 when Mike Flynn, no pun intended, got submarine military guy when he got submarine, when he got destroyed, the media zoned in. Michael, listen to this. So if this doesn't make sense, what they did is they let the media focus on one person. Flynn and the media decided they were gonna go all solinsky. Isolate. Remember? So Alinsky's rules for radicals isolate the target. I don't know what rule that is.


Four or five, whatever it is, isolate the target they managed in 2016 to destroy a good man and a patriot. Mike Flynn. And it's because, I'm not gonna say they allowed him, but they got sidetracked with the Flynn thing. They have now learned a lesson and we'll call it very simply the flood the zone tactic. I call it the rock And. so robots tactic, I prefer that one. Media people are now calling it flood the zone, where the second they start to try to isolate hegseth, tulsi or gates, they hit 'em with someone else. And the media doesn't know who to focus on.


And one, the media has less power than it did before. I told you that before. 'cause nobody's really listening to them. But when you break up their attention and they're trying to hit Tulsi gates and he at the same time and maybe like a Cash Patel, if he gets FBI, he he's, he's my choice. But that's a, that's up to Donald Trump. They're gonna go nuts over cash. Patel. Next, do you get the point? How partitioning your time and not isolating the target means you have no target at all. They're doing this on purpose. Anyone going like, oh my gosh, Trump team's really screwing up. They're naming controversial places. One, they're not controversial. They're only controversial 'cause you don't like 'em.


They're doing this on purpose. And I need you to bonino army to get ready for this dog fight and make sure your members of the house, I know they don't have a role in the confirmation process, but they do have the senator's ear. And make sure your senators know Trump's picking his cabinet and you guys better go along. 'cause without him on the ballot, a lot of you guys wouldn't have a job. Everybody in the Bonino army you guys in? Yes or no? Are you in this fight with me? I don't ask you a lot. Throw some American flags in the Chad Trump has the right, he has earned the right to pick his own cabinet. And unless you have some reason like treason, then I don't wanna hear it.


You're damn right. Yeah. Tear that chat up, tear it up, burn that thing to the ground. Burn it to the ground kids. Burn it to the ground. He will pick his cabinet and you're gonna go along. You would not have a job. And I want you to remember you work for us. We're not being, did we break that thing? Holy 1 75 per second. 75. 1 75, 1 75. 175 Chat texts per second. I think that's a new record for the Dan. Bongino Show 172,000 watching tearing up the internet. Rumble servers smoking melting down 118, 115, a hundred.


Keep it up. Blow that thing up man. Blow that sucker up. Oh by the way, quick update before I get back to this. I don't mean to have like totally A DHD, but you know what this is like, damn, what is that? Some kind of like limitless drug Dr. Jacob Red pill. It's a red pill. What are you try No, it's Keflex. Remember last week I was telling you guys my arthritis was acting up in my hands. That wasn't arthritis. I must have got a bite on my hand. I caught a massive infection in my hand from, that's why it was all red. So I'm on Keflex now for a week, which is like a super potent antibiotic, man.


That's too much information. There's never too much information on the show. It's a family. If look, it's better now though. It wasn't arthritis. I got bit by something. That's why my hand was all freaking Buffy. You should have seen it at the UFC. A couple guys asked me, what are you fighting? Did you knock someone out? No, I'm not fighting. I said my, I got, I had cellulitis in my hand getting bit by something. So luckily it's gone now, but I gotta stay on this for seven days. But it is a red pill. Kind of convenient, right? Alright, I'm gonna get back to these nominations in a second and I'm gonna show you who Pete Hegseth really is. And I want you to listen to this clip of him on the Sean Ryan Show. And you're gonna see why Pete Hegseth is the right pick for Secretary of Defense. Or if you wanna sound like tough as a, I hate when people say that, but what else folks?


Helix has a great offer for my listeners. you know, Paul And I moved recently and we had one request. I said, Paula, all of the bedrooms have to have a Helix mattress. 'cause every time people stay over it, they tell me, Gus, that's a really comfortable mattress. I sleep on one. I have the midnight luxe. I absolutely love it. It all starts with the mattress suited to your needs. When you have a product personalized to you, it's gonna be a better product. And you know the company's putting you first 'cause they're allowing you to personalize it. They're not telling you what you need. You are telling you what you need. In just a few minutes. The Helix team, they'll learn about your sleep patterns and recommend the right mattress for you. You'll get the absolutely perfect match. All you gotta do is tell 'em the position you sleep in and your body type and they'll, they'll recommend the mattress for you. It's really simple. And for my, my listeners and just for my listeners, they're offering 25% off sitewide plus two free dream pillows with any mattress purchase. You purchase a luxe or elite mattress, you get a free bedding bundle. What does that include? Two dream pillows, a sheet set, and a mattress protector. It's a great deal. You'll sleep on a cloud with this. Visit Helix sleep.com/dan, H-E-L-I-X. Start your match today. That's Helix sleep.com/dan. Thank you Helix.


And our last sponsor today. Before I get back to Pete, Jen, you sell. Hey, check your jawline. Indeed. Listen, that's jagging sagging jawlines and the double chin. It could give your age way it makes you look older. Introducing the genus cell skincare jawline treatment with dual peptides and MDL technology genus cell's most advanced ever. The jawline treatment not only helps tighten jawlines, but plumps the layers of the skin. The contour define and sculpt the jawline and neck in minutes. you know, people go abroad, they spend thousands of dollars to get rid of sagging jawlines and double chins. You should try genus cell first 'cause no one has the technology. And with genus cell immediate effects, you can see tightening in minutes. The results get better every day. Just in time for Christmas. Save over 70% off genus cell's. Complete skincare package featuring the jawline treatment and genus cell's immediate effects. You'll even get genus cell XV wrinkle treatment included for Christmas and the holidays. Go to genelle.com/dan, start looking younger and decades younger. For those family get togethers genus cell.com/dan gn uce.com/dan as a special holiday gift. Every package order includes a bonus beauty box with two skincare bestsellers. You are automatically upgraded to free priority shipping genus sell.com/dan genus sell.com/dan. Try it out. Paula loves it.


Back to the show. Ladies and gentlemen, this is why I love Pete Hegseth, a decorated military veteran, Fox news host, advocate activist. This is why I think he's the best pick. This is from a Sean Ryan show. He's got an amazing podcast talking about why the trans ideology is destroying battlefield effectiveness in the military. And tell me, tell me after you hear this, this doesn't make just common sense. Check this out. You had a Cat four dental, they pulled your tooth because you can't be out in the field with a major, you know, dental emergency. There's no dentist.


And so I deployed with a lot of guys who were like Because. they just had a tooth pulled and they had to. Yet we're now allowing people who used to be men or women join. And then after that we pay for medical or physical transitions to another gender, which by definition makes them nondeployable and non trainable for your, because they're, and the same thing with asthma medication or inhalers. Like when you're in basic training, you can't have an inhaler when you're doing your exercises because you can't count on having an inhaler in a combat situation. Well, if you're medically dependent on drugs to maintain your gender or a particular balance of chemicals inside your body, you're by definition nondeployable.


And so you'd have, they'd have soldiers who can't train, can't deploy, have been on the books. And yet everyone has to be careful about what pronoun you use with them. Folks in the chat, again, you know, I love you guys. This show's always meant to be interactive. That's why we went live. Is this guy the guy or is this guy the guy? You think you're gonna hear that kind of talk from anyone else? And by the way, what did he say? That doesn't make sense. You got a combat operator with a tooth infection you can't put out in the field, folks, I don't fake the funk. Okay? That's an end. I don't fake the funk on anything. I've never been in the military.


I have not been in combat. Okay? Period. Full stop. Aru. I'm not a poser, I'm not gonna pretend, but I'm not stupid if you're going out in combat. Justin, you ever been in a combat situation? He has not. Justin's like, I'm not even outta college yet. Okay? But lemme me ask you that. Hope Justin's like, nobody likes war. He don't wanna be involved. He's like, listen, let's stay outta war. He's like, that's a good thing. But you call Justin up, he'd do it right? Because Justin's like, look at this guy. He's like ready to go. Like, I'll get him, I'll, I'll, I got America's back. But can we all agree here that if Justin has a massive tooth infection, right, that he probably becomes a liability in the Afghan mountains, would you not, Justin?


And it's not that Justin's in pain. It's that the infection could get bad and Justin could get a fever. And then what happens? Two guys have to carry Justin and it takes three guys out of action. What about what Peaches said, makes, doesn't make sense that you get someone who wants a, a, a trans surgery and you're gonna put them in a military situation where they're now not capable medically of being able to fight. What the hell's the point of that? You wanna do that on your personal time? Go right ahead. What about what he just said doesn't make sense? You know, it does, but do you see how the Trump team learned from the Mike Flynn situation?


Flood the zone, rock 'em, sock him. Robots. That's what we do. Bonino army, he just keeps hitting them with people. He just keeps hitting them over and over and they don't know what to do. Here's a CNN clip, whereas they got pressured last time to dump Flynn over that thing. It's not happening this time. I do not think they're backing down on this at all. Even CNN got wind of this. They're hearing trump's all in on Matt Gaetz, who's been nominated for ag. And by the way, I support, I don't wanna date the guy. Oh my gosh. I don't, I I folks we're in a serious political battle situation.


The bad guys are that way. We can talk about your personal shit later. For now. They're down that way. They're not sideways. Here's CNN saying, Hey, Trump's all in on gates. And I'm, I'm telling you, they're all in on headset too. Check this out. We are learning tonight that Donald Trump remains determined to see Matt Gaetz's nomination through. He is very aware of the coverage and the blowback that Gates's nomination has received since that surprising announcements. And he has heard from his allies on Capitol Hill and Republican senators who are concerned that Gates does not have the support to get to 51 votes in the Senate.


But Donald Trump is not backing down. He is telling his allies that he will dig into this fight. He is quote 100% in on Gates one source telling us quote, he is not going to back off. He's all in. Good, good. I folks, I I don't steal you wrong. I don't steal you wrong at all. I told you. They, the Trump team has learned a lot. You have to remember in 2016, they were new to politics. Trump had never been elected to anything. They were new to politics. Just a fact. I think they were blindsided by everything coming at them and their own friends screwing them over. They're not falling for that shit again.


You understand? They're not, this is their pick and that's it. And the senators out there wouldn't have jobs without 'em. This is the guy. Here is the single best take. You're going to hear folks. I don't like watching political violence on tv, but there was a murder on television live. There was, there was someone notified the FBI immediately, someone get a body bag. There was a murder on live television. There was, was it like the Joker Boo? Of course it's bad. Did you see this clip? You guys, you know Molly Hemingway?


We love Molly. Molly is the queen of Ball Busters. I love me. So Molly Hemingway, Molly Hemingway's on Fox with Trey Gowdy, who's a whole other story. Trey Gowdy, who's always got something to say about these deep state issues. And amazingly is always on the wrong side of him, which is just incredible, which I've been calling out for a long time. I've never seen a guy on the wrong side of more issues than that. Trey Gowdy, of course, sitting there. Oh my gosh. Matt Case. Hey, look at this. Here's Molly Hemingway with Trey sitting right on the panel. Folks, you wanna watch a body bag situation on live tv? Here's her answering Trey Howey's condemnation of the Matt Skate pick.


Oh man, someone dial nine 11. There's been a political homicide on television. Check this out, right? Matt Gates was nominated for this position because we have a problem with the Department of Justice. For the last eight years, they have run roughshod over rule of law in this country. They have prosecuted political opponents. They ran the Russia collusion hoax and too many people in Washington DC did not stand up against what was happening there. And many Americans are upset about it. Matt Gaetz is one of the most effective people at fighting that Russia collusion, hoax and other information operations, whether it was the Brett Kavanaugh information operation, the Donald Trump Russia collusion hoax information operation, or the one that is referenced here, which is something that the FBI and Department of Justice, which hate Matt Gaetz looked into and cleared him of any wrongdoing.


The idea that we're, that this is about corrupt, that the issue is corruption, it's the Department of Justice as corruption. And people are sick and tired of people in Washington DC doing nothing. As these people tried to destroy the country and getting upset at someone who actually might root out the, the corruption there. We don't have a Department of Justice. We have a Department of Injustice. And that's why you get Matt Gates as a nominee. Whoa, whoa, look at your hands. I'm moving quick now, right? I'm like lightning. Yeah, it looks like there's a or something. Look at that. What is that? The wait, the Johnny Bones Jones back kick, right?


Whoa. Karate man in the chat. Karate man in the chat because Karate Man won on the inside. Someone please get homicide investigators to that Fox News studio who loves Molly Hemingway. She's only been on the right side. You you, by the way. You see what she did there? She takes a shot at Gowdy without him even knowing. Oh, he figured it out probably later about the Spygate thing too. Molly, you should do your own. Look at the Karate Men in the, oh man, you guys trip me out.


Molly needs her own karate man because she's really good at the Karate man too. 'cause Karate Man, Trey, just stop man, stop. Time's up. Okay, we we're onto it. We're onto the shtick now. Yes, sir. No, we get it. We get it. We've already heard it before, But you are on the wrong side of everything. Okay? Okay. We get the fake Tea Party Act. We've been through it before. Here's another reason they hate Gates. Here was Matt Gates, which is Lloyd Austin, who's the Secretary of Defense. Now Lloyd Austin is, no, how's he known? Gee, by Biden? Is it, is he that guy?


The general over there? That guy, the black guy. It's a the the black guy. Yeah, the black man. He I think he called him the black man one time. He has a name. His name is Lloyd Austin. It's kind of weird, right? That the Democrats are always talking about racist. That that's like the one cabinet guy they can never remember. No, no. The oh my gosh, I didn't even think of this. The other guy, they can't remember the name of is Javier Becerra, who happens to be a, a Hispanic, he calls him Javier Baia. So it's incredible that the Democrats are always accusing everybody else of being racist. It's absolutely phenomenal that the only people, Biden can't remember the name of our Lloyd Austin and Javier Bera. Isn't that kind of weird?


I mean, did we just crash like Rumble completely? Oh, there we go. We're bad. Oh my gosh. We, what did we, what are we doing? We, this show is like so big. We're like melting service. 183,000. Come on, let's get to one 90. Get your friends in here. Let's do a solid one 90 on Monday. Here's Matt Gaetz versus Lloyd Austin calling him out. Like, Hey man, we're giving you guys all this money and we're getting our asses kicked in all these areas. Like, do you have an explanation for this? This is why they don't want him check this out. Can't Help but like notice. And so your question was whether or not, guys, I controlled the, the time. Your question. You guys have been blowing a lot of calls lately on matters of strategy. Mr. Secretary, you guys told us that Russia couldn't lose. You told us that the Taliban couldn't immediately win.


And so I guess I'm wondering what in the $773 billion that you're requesting today is gonna help you make assessments that are accurate in the face of so many blown calls. You, you've, you've seen what's in our budget. You've seen how the budget ma matches the strategy and so I'll let that speak for itself. You notice how they have those little paper tags in front of the, that says Secretary Austin. Can someone like give him one of those when he's around Biden so everybody knows like his name isn't that guy, the general or the black man, he has a name. It's Lloyd Austin. We've never been confused. I promise you what guys, when I left the but Like Look, there it is right there.


Thank you. Gee, very much. So Justin, how do you know what order the show goes in? Like when I send these things over the voicemail, right? They run that. So when I left on the voicemail today, you listened to it and I said the Lloyd Austin clip. Were you in any way confused? No, he was not. He was not. Justin's not even outta college yet. And Justin knows that Lloyd Austin is the defense secretary who doesn't know that Joe Biden. And if I didn't look it up and if he didn't, he would look it. He would look it up. I had to look up a guy. And I, don't wanna get off track. But I'm in the green room and Donald President Trump introduces me to this guy. I did not know who he was. And. I'm glad I looked up who he was.


Oh my gosh, he was not a political guy at all. But I told you, I'm not like a deal cutter type of guy. I don't know a lot of these. And I was like, glad I looked him up. I'll tell her that story later. Sometimes it's pretty funny. Shocker. You gotta know these guys are, it's also why they don't want heg set Because. they know Heg set's not gonna take that crap either. He's gonna go in there and start looking at the budget going, does this contribute to military effectiveness and lethality? No. Done. What about this? No. Done. DEI definitely done. Here's the problem we're gonna have. There is some Republican senators out there who are still convinced that they had a mandate. Not Donald Trump.


That is not what happened. Many of you, not all of you, but many of you in the Senate and definitely the ones in close seats are only in office right now because of President Trump and his voters. His voters did it. You better get that down right away. So John Thune is gonna be the new Senate majority leader in this new Senate coming up in just a couple of months. Senator Thune race is over. Folks, you know, we, we gotta move on and focus on, you know, the pressure points We can use. Now my choice was Rick Scott didn't happen. But Thune is now saying that recess appointments are on the table. There's some dispute over what McConnell thinks. He's still in control for a little bit.


Rick Scott put out a firm tweet this morning saying, oh yes, we will use recess appointments. And just to be clear, recess appointments are exactly what they sound like. It's an appointment of someone like Gates while the Congress and the Senate are in recess. In other words, if Matt Gates can't get the votes, there's been some suggestions of the vacancy act, which gives the which give, which give dates, which give Gates 210 days. So Gates is getting in there, folks, I'm telling you, no matter what, whether it's a vacancy appointment, a recess appointment, or a standard confirmation, here's John Dune. He's saying the right things. We'll see how he acts folks, remember we're all about spreadsheets. I'm not about personality. Dune does the right thing plus one, he does the wrong thing minus one.


Here he is saying that recess, recess appointments are on the table and this is what we wanna hear. But it's also we wanna, we wanna see it, not just hear it. Check this out. So You've said that you would do recess appointments if it came to that. What's the threshold for getting to that point for recess appointments? Well, I, what I said is Brett And I think this is that all options are on the table, including recess appointments. Hopefully it doesn't get to that. But we'll find out fairly quickly whether the Democrats wanna play ball or not. And, I think part of it is getting these folks, we'll start having confirmation hearings soon as the new Senate is sworn in in January. President takes the oath of office January 20th. By the time he takes the oath of office, hopefully a lot of those nominees will be through their confirmation hearings and will be ready to act on 'em on the Senate floor.


Okay, they're on the record. I want you guys to save that because it's really important folks. Recess appointments could be critical. I think Pete will be okay. He, Seth, I think We can go through a standard confirmation Gates. I'm not sure because a lot of these Republicans are squishy already. And I don't like it. Now why do I keep telling you to call your congressional members as well on the house side, even though they don't have a role in the confirmation process? The Senate confirms Because. they do, but you just said they don't. No, they do. Folks for Congress as a body to go into recess, the house and the Senate have to agree.


If the House and Senate agree and go into recess for 10 days, president Trump can make a recess appointment. We need this. This is a key tactical move. Does everybody get this? Anyone in the chat confused. It allows us to bypass a overly politicized confirmation process at this point, which squish, we've gotta use every tool of government. We can recess appointments are a perfectly constitutional thing. Obama did 'em, so I don't wanna hear your bullshit on level. Recess appointment Obama, you didn't say anything when Obama did it. So we're gonna do it too. We are here to use every lever of government, but we're going to need the house.


I ran into Speaker Johnson in, in this green room at the UFC. Spoke to him for a little bit. I just hope he stays on. But he seems to understand the trench warfare theory of politics going on right now. We'll keep the spreadsheet open, as I've always told you, but here he is on television defending the Gate's appointment. And I. I want you to keep this in mind here. The Dan Bonino trench warfare theory of politics. When you're in the trench in a battle, an existential battle, save your life and your country, which we're doing now. I hate warfare analogies, but they punch through the enemy is that way. Whether the guy next to you cheated on a test in college, you can deal with that later.


This isn't the time for that. Is the guy a good marksman in a political fight? Then let's do it. Here is Johnson saying the exact same thing on one of the weekend shows that, hey man, this isn't the time for that. This is an existential fight for the country. Let's hope he sticks to it. Check this out. W with some of these nominees, gates, hegseth, RFK Jr. I wonder, does it matter anymore for Republicans to think of leaders as people who are moral in their personal lives? Is that still important to the Republican party? Sure. It's an important issue for anyone in leadership.


This is what I'll, I'll say about the nominees that the President has put forward is that they are persons who will shake up the status quo, And, I, think what the American people have, have believe, and what they've delivered with the mandate in this election is the demand that we shake up the status quo. It's not working for the American people. So use the term in the opening about how these are disruptors. They are, I think that's by design. Any president has the right to name their own cabinet to nominate persons that they think will fulfill their agenda. And the people that that are on this list will do that. They will go into the agencies that they're being asked to lead and they will reform them. That's exactly what we wanna hear.


Just, I'm asking you to put your emotions aside because matters I, get it. Not everyone is gonna be our pick. you know, we had Jim Jordan on our radar, Rick Scott. It didn't work out, but you gotta keep the spreadsheet open. We are still gonna need to pull some levers. I just had this conversation this morning. Like this is a, politics is a rough, ugly, back and forth, rough and tumble business. I wish it weren't, but it is. You're not always gonna deal with the people you wanna deal with. You all get that. I, you are all adults. I don't wanna sound like an asshole, folks. I'm not trying to sound like a, you know, some of of Ular, like look at me. you know, superior moral figure. I've dealt with this for a long time.


You are going to deal with people in politics. You don't want to, sometimes the best you can hope for is to get a plus one on the spreadsheet out of him. We need this guy to stay strong. If we need a recess appointment, you're gonna need him to call that recess. Keep that in mind folks. Unconventional times require unconventional measures and we're in unconventional times. That's why I have no problem with the gates pick. It's why I'm fully supportive of these other picks. Tulsi Hegseth, RFK. Shake it up over there. Let's get a different perspective. Trump deserves his team and these people with us when we needed them. Yeah, but he said this and she said that. I get it.


I get it. Everybody says a lot of things. What are they doing now? That's all I care about. When we needed this guy, he was there. Which one? All of them. You know why we're in unconventional times? 'cause folks, our government's been hijacked. This January 6th pipe bomber case is absolutely exploding. It is the biggest scandal of our time. Put up the, just the news article. First, you saw me report this last Thursday. Well, covering the reporting proper respect of Stephen Richards and John Solomon. It's just the news. There is now a credible report from them that the alleged suspect in the pipe bombing incident, the DNC, where the phone companies told the FBI, oh, we can't find them.


His cell phone records were corrupted, that those cell phone records are just fine. Which says to me the FBI knows who that was. Folks, I want you to watch this exchange between Tom Massey and Christopher Ray. I may cover this again tomorrow. I hate to do a story twice, but I don't wanna leave today without addressing this and maybe I'll go into more detail. They are hiding from you. A huge scandal. The person who planted that pipe bomb at the DNC on January 6th when Kamala Harris was there, I have zero doubt, was an inside job. Zero from credible whistleblowers. Zero doubt. Watch Christopher Ray stumble.


This clip's about a minute, 20, but it's worth your time when Tom Massey, a great congressman, starts questioning him about the pipe bomber and the phone records. Christopher Ray can't see. He does not want you to know who this is. Check this out. Director Ray, in light of information provided to us about the FBI's investigation of the January 6th pipe bombs, in an interview with assistant director Steven Jono, chairman Jordan And I sent you a letter a month ago. Some of the information that we found in that interview was that phone data that could have helped to identify the pipe bomber was corrupted, was unusable.


He also wasn't sure who found or how the second bomb was found at the DNC. Do you know how the second bomb was found at the DNC and and when do you plan on answering our letter? Well, as to the letter I, I will work with the department to make sure We can figure out what information We can provide. As you know, this is a very active, ongoing investigation and there are some restrictions on that, but, we'll, yes, We can handle classified information and we fund your department and so you need to provide that. I, it's not respectfully, it's not an issue of classification, it's an issue of commenting on ongoing criminal investigations, which is something that by longstanding department policy we are restricted in doing and in fact, the last administration actually strengthened those policies partly because that's not our policy though, and we fund you.


So let's move on. I could, do you know how the second pipe bomb, do you, can you tell us how the second pipe bomb was found at the DNCI? Again, I'm not gonna get into that here. 900 days ago is when this happened and you said you had total confidence, we'd apprehend the subject. Why won't Christopher Ray, why won't he speak about this? Massey gives him an out. We can handle classified information. Just tell us. You'll tell us afterwards. In a classified setting, we fund you. He will not tell you why. Because, they know folks, I may cover this again tomorrow, forgive me for doing it again, but I'm telling you right now, they know something's up with this case and whoever gets in there at FBI and Secret Service, we better figure this out really quick because this is a massive scandal.


They, that was an op. I have zero doubt that someone on the inside was told to put that bomb there in case the objections to the vote on January 6th got out in the media as the Republicans spoke out about the allegations of corruption in the 2020 election. They wanted an excuse to stop it and that was it. But why didn't they do it? Because the riot broke out and then they figured they'd use that and say it was an insurrection. That's why. Folks, thanks so much for supporting the show, 185,000. Another huge crowd blowing up the chat. Please do me a huge favor. Support us over at Rumble. Download the Rumble app. We would deeply appreciate it. If you wanna watch on the on the web, go to Rumble dot com slash bonino.


Give us a follow and keep us on the charts at Apple and Spotify. Go to the Dan Bongino Show there on Apple Podcast and Spotify. Click that follow button means the world to me. Live stream every day here at 11:00 AM Eastern time. We'll see you back here tomorrow. And then the radio show here on Rumble on this channel in just a few minutes. See you then. Thanks for tuning in. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.