
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Hey, So big news. Don't miss the radio show Today. It is my first interview with Senator now, vice Presidential nominee, j JD Vance from Ohio. My first interview after him being selected as the vice presidential nominee we've had him on before. I'm big JD Vance fan If. you haven't seen Hillbilly Elegy folks in the chat. Have you seen it? Go for it. Watch it. You'll see right away, president Trump made the right pick. A hundred thousand percent. Never been more confident. Folks, listen, yesterday we tried the live show for you.


Chatter, P ones, groins, Pacino Army. I love you. I'm glad you liked it. I'm not sure I'd do it again. I maybe we'll see. We got a lot of emails. People who watched it later on. We call VOD Video on Demand. I think they felt like they missed the best parts of it because you know what we typically do with these live hearings? I'm talking about, obviously the Secret Service hearing yesterday, which we took live, is we typically take the best parts. Yesterday from the 11 o'clock to noon hour, we were on the air where some of the kind of more, the boring parts, but we didn't really get to the meat and potatoes. Some of it, some of it was good, so we'll think about it. I appreciate those of you who enjoyed it and we're always trying new things, but remember the show's for you.


It's not for me. If, you guys don't like it. I don't like it. Period.


Hey, you've heard me rave about Beam every week. Go get it now. They're offering the largest discount at shop Beam dot com slash bino. Use code bonino.


I've got real coverage of this today. Three high points. Some election interference stuff, some Kamala Harris updates, big show lot to talk about. Lot of news going on.


Hey, a small regret is slouching in the dentist chair thinking I should have brushed and flossed better. You know, a big health regret's. Going to your doctor and thinking, oh my gosh, I'm in real trouble. I should have taken care of my body when I was younger. Better health starts today. Today. It's why I use and take Field of Greens. Listen to me. Forget this. I, I, I, oh, I don't even need it. Field of Greens. I take it twice a day. I love it. I actually called the owner of Brick House Nutrition, I don't even know, 5, 6, 7 years ago and said, please, I don't have time to cook healthy, wholesome vegetables and fruits every single day. I just don't. They go bad. I need a backup plan. And he said, I'm gonna put together Field of Greens. It is healthy, wholesome, fresh, organic super foods, ground up into a great tasting powder. Take couple quick scoops, taste delicious. Don't look back and say, I should have paid better attention to my nutrition when I was younger. I got my blood results. I show you all the time I'm gonna be 50 in December. Field of greens is the key to better health today. When it matters most, don't mess around. Let's get you started with 15% off in free shipping. I really believe in this product. Go to brick house nutrition.com/dan brick house nutrition.com/dan. Use promo code Dan, for your discount. That's promo code. dan@brickhousenutrition.com slash dan. Pick it up today.


Alright fellas, let's go. Welcoming, gee, back from like Mars or something. Dude who's traveling the universe like Morgan and Mindy or something like that. Some of you'll get that these young guys are probably Like. what are you talking about folks? The Secret Service hearing yesterday we took live was a disgrace. Did I not warn you folks in the chat? Did I not warn you that Ron Rowe was just as bad, if not worse, than former Secret service director Kim Cheadle? Was I right? Or was I right? I'm sorry to say we're always two weeks ahead of the news cycle, but we are. There was zero accountability. I'm ashamed of what happened yesterday. I'm telling you for a fact. I need you to listen to me. Beam in right here. Laser focus on me.


My secret service colleagues I work with where nothing like this ever happened at. Our advances are horrified at Ron Row ashamed of what this agency has become. I want you to understand that, that the guys I worked with, And, I'm not talking about a small cadre of 'em. I'm talking about a big group of former agents are on fire, on fire about what happened here. They are horrified at what's going on with this agency. No accountability. Yesterday was fo accountability. I'm embarrassed about what happened. We have no excuses. And then he goes on to make a thousand excuses. The should have been there. The local should have done this. The local should have done that. It's your freaking job. Has anybody been fired?


Nobody's been fired. It's been over two weeks. Is anyone gonna get fired for a murder scene and getting President Trump shot in the freaking head? Is anyone gonna lose their job in corporate America? If, you are working at a shoe store and you sell two or three people in a row, the wrong shoe size. You'll probably lose your job. Apparently in the Secret Service. You do a shit advance, a garbage advance, a guy gets murdered, two people get shot, the president gets shot in the head and nobody's fired. It's just incredible. The frustration in working class America with people who get dirt on their fingernails for a living who'd be fired for a thousand times less of a consequence event are Like. what the hell is going on?


What? What do you have to do in the government to lose your job? There was finger pointing. There was no explanations whatsoever. Yesterday's hearing was a disgrace. Let me get to the high points that we missed during the show because they aired while we were on the radio. We did live coverage on the radio too. I think that went a little bit better 'cause Jim was nice enough to run it kind of on DVR so we could skip over some of the filibustering. 'cause it was, it was a lot of that first, here's Senator Josh Hawley guy I really like outta Missouri. He asked this. The key question here, folks, I've tried to explain this to you over and over and I'm sorry I'm not letting this story go. President Trump was almost killed and we've got people who are terrible still in charge of the Secret Service that are pull still putting this guy in danger.


I'm not just gonna dust this off. Here's Josh Hawley asking the key question. Who was the site agent from that day? The Secret Service works on a counterpart system. You have detail agents with Trump all the time. Field officers around the world have explained this many times. When you go to a site in the district of that field office, the field office, which works every day with the local law enforcement, has a person at that site that handles that site. How is this person still have a job? How Josh Hawley wants to know who is this person, why the name's not classified. You wanna share it behind closed doors? Fine. Why are, why do these people still have a job?


They failed. Someone got killed. Listen to this. Let me ask you this. Who was the lead site agent who made the decision to leave the A GR building completely outside of the security perimeter? Who was that? Senator? I cannot give you that name. This person is operational. They're still doing investigations. They're still doing protective visits. Have they been relieved of duty, Senator? They have not been duty. I know Name by the way. Why? Why have they not been relieved of duty? They are still cooperating. Not only being interviewed by the FBI, but also by our office of professional responsibility and we will let the facts of the mission assurance and any further investigations play out Isn't, isn't the fact that a former president was shot, that a good American is dead, that other Americans were critically wounded?


Isn't that enough mission failure for you to say that the person who decided that that building should not be in the security perimeter probably ought to be stepped down. Senator, I think you're using the word decided. And I. Think we need to allow the the investigation play out to include, but who, Okay, so who did discipline? Who did make the decision then if it wasn't the lead site agent who made the decision not to put that in security permit? Senator, you're zeroing in on one particular agent. I want to find out exactly. Yeah, what was the entire decision process? So I think, yeah, I want to be neutral and make sure that we get to the bottom of it and interview everybody in order to determine if there was more than one person who perhaps exercised bad judgment. Well, Sure. My question is, why don't you relieve everybody of duty who made bad judgment?


So yeah, you're right. I am zeroing in on somebody. I'm trying to find somebody who's accountable here. Thank you Josh Hawley. Did you hear, by the way, what Ron Rose said there? This got, I didn't see and and me, me included, by the way I'm throwing myself under the bus. There was so much bad judgment and ridiculous answers in yesterday's hearing. This got lost. I just picked this up when I sent this over this morning. Did you hear Director Roe tell Josh Hawley that the agent in charge of the failed security plan that led to a murder and the president being shot in the head, did you hear him say that agent is still operational on protective visits?


What the, what did You guys hear that What The agent who designed this plan that led to a murder. Murder, a absolute abject failure. Did I just hear the director say he's the agent? It's, but I, I've heard it's a she, by the way, it's still on protection. Folks in the chat, listen to Apple and Spotify or elsewhere. How many are in the military? I bet there were a lot. Right? By the way, thank you for your service, Patriots.


You heroes. So always be your home. I love you, man. Thank you for what you did. but I want to ask you a deadly, serious question. You are in the military, you're in the Marines, the army, navy, air Force, whatever it is. You took an oath to serve. Your commanding officer says marine. You watch that fence line. Enemy approaches that fence line. You take 'em out, you fall asleep. The enemy breaches the fence line. What do you think's gonna happen? You, you're gonna get freaking court marshaled is what's gonna happen and you'll probably find yourself in a bri somewhere.


The agent is still on protective visits. Are you me? Are you kidding folks? I'm, I, I'm, I'm, again, I'm throwing myself under the bus. So much happened yesterday that that one just blew over my head with all of the other disastrous bombshells that came out of this. And Ron Rowe himself, the director can't seem to figure out Now, who made the decision? I'm telling you, I did this for a living. Here is who made the decision to put their fingerprint on this failed security plan that led to a murder and multiple shootings.


The site agent at the scene from the Pittsburgh field office and a supervisor who did the walkthrough, likely from that Pittsburgh Field office. That's who, there's no other people involved. That's who did it. Ron Rowe knows that. He just doesn't want to tell you that because he's busy covering everything up in his history and others of withholding security assets from the Trump campaign. They're too busy with the coverup to actually give you real answers. There was a supervisor walkthrough at that site. Who is the supervisor who okayed this?


Where's the site post assignment log? I've asked this a hundred times. The site post assignment log that has the site. Where is the SOD survey? The special operations division survey That should show that building should have been manned by a counter sniper. Where is it? Did you not even do one? You didn't even have the time to put one together. The agent is still on protection. Really, my apologies for missing that. Yesterday. The, it's been two weeks. They were responsible. There was a murder.


That wasn't it yesterday. Senator Ted Cruz. and by the way, you know I don't fall in love with politicians. And I. Hope the feeling's mutual. You should judge me on my content, not If you like me or don't. It's outcomes that matter. Hawley did an amazing job. Senator Ron Johnson. Amazing job. Mike Lee. Incredible job. Mike Lee brought up last night on social media on x And. I retweeted it. It's time for the Secret Service to get rid of investigations. He brought up a great point. Can you guys, Ima Justin, this is what Mike Lee said last night. Tell me if this doesn't make sense. He couldn't have summed it up any better. You are in one of the biggest companies in the world. I don. Know Nvidia. It doesn't matter.


You have a lot of threats. You're the chairman, CEO of Nvidia. You are worth billions of dollars. Do you have your executive protection team doing your forensic accounting too? Justin, you think it's a good idea? No, he's laughing. 'cause But that's what the Secret service does. You've got a bunch of guys like, Hey, keep the president presidential candidates, the vice president or families alive. and by the way, while you're at it, go check out this 20-year-old who passed a fake $20 bill in seven 11. What? Those days are over. They're done. I called for that to be eliminated 10 years ago. Thank you Senator Mike Lee. But Senator Ted Cruz did a great job too.


You know these guys, these lawyers really know how to ask questions. I mean, that's what they do. Thank you. I didn't even put this in a rundown. Jim, can you put this in a rundown if you're watching live he, Mike Lee said, whatever entity Succeeds is Secret Service whose demise I predict in the coming years, you're probably right, should focus only on protecting the president, vice president families of major party nominees along with PI investigations, threat case investigations, send all other investigative duties elsewhere. Yes, I saw someone complain. That's what we need. Another federal agency. No, it's not another federal agency. It's actually slimming down this federal agency and saving money because there's redundancy built in. You got the FBI and Secret Service investigating the same thing.


Why folks? We gotta protect these guys somehow. You want Trump? I don't. You want him hurt? Obviously not. Here's Ted Cruz. He asked the question at the heart of the problem. I wanna just let this play out here for a second. The biggest problem the Secret Service Protection Model has now outside of wasting their time on investigations, is they're allocating security resources on who's got the bigger title, not who's got the bigger threat. That makes no sense. That's the reason Ron Rowe will not answer Senator Cruz's question here about how many assets were given a Jill Biden versus President Trump. 'cause they don't want you to know what I just told you.


It's all based on title, not threat assessment. Check this out. What was The relative size of the Trump detail compared to the detail that is assigned to the president of the First Lady Senator? The former president travels with a full shift just like the president. What's The re So the exact same size. Is that your testimony that that President Trump had the same size detail that President Biden has On the day of in Butler, the agents surrounding him. It is the same number of agents surrounding the president today. There is a difference between a sitting president who also not only has, hold On. You're using president in a way that is not clear. Is it your testimony that in Butler, Pennsylvania, Donald Trump had the same number of agents protecting him that Joe Biden has at a comparable event?


I'm telling you the shift, the close protection shift surrounding That's yes. Or you asked me, Senator And, I'm trying to answer it. You, You are not answering it. Is it the same number of agents or not Senator? There is a difference between the sitting president of the United States. Then What's the difference? The difference two X three x five x 10 National Command authority to launch a nuclear strike. Sir, I'm not asking other assets. How many more agents travel With the president that the former president will, You're refusing to answer, Sir. The number of secret service, Sir, stop I interrupting him. Stop interrupting me. Go ahead, Senator. You are refusing to answer clear and direct questions. I am asking the relative difference in the number of agents between those assigned to Donald Trump and those assigned to Joe Biden.


I'm not asking why you assigned more to Joe Biden. I'm asking is the difference, is it two x, is it three x? Is it five x? Is it 10 x Senator? I will get you that number so you can see it with your own eyes. Johnny Angel 360 2 in the chat. Just nailed it. Thanks Johnny quote. Johnny says he didn't ask about the close detail shift. He asked about the entire detail. Johnny Angel, that by the way, that sounds like a comic book character, like outta some Marvel thing. Johnny Angel, Marvel. You should jump on that. Stop being so woke and sign this guy up. You are a hundred percent correct. Senator Cruz, who is a very, very smart guy, is not asking about the shift around President Trump because yes, the number of guys on the shift or women is not a lot.


ev pretty much every Protectee, Biden, Harris, and Trump all have the same limited number of people that travel with them. Because why? Because there's only limited spots on the plane and there's only a limited amount of space in the presidential limo and the follow up. That's why they're all, what Ron Rowe doesn't want to answer is how many supplemental agents were brought in as post standers to stand post around the shift in the middle ring. That's the distinction. Cruz is getting at that. RO doesn't wanna answer. Why? Because what RO doesn't wanna tell you is there were only three Secret Service post standards assigned for thousands of people in Butler County, Pennsylvania.


If it was a Joe Biden event, I mean, let's say it was a Joe Biden event and thousands of people showed up, which I know is not gonna happen, but say it did one time Kamala Harris had a decent turn outta Atlanta. It wasn't great, but it was decent. I guarantee you there were way more than three secret service post standards is that event. I will take that to the bank. The threat level for Trump is higher, yet he gets less resources. That's the freaking problem. That's why Roe refuses to answer the question. You can If, if security assets aren't based on security threats and are simply based on who's ass you wanna kiss, the presidents or the vice presidents or the first ladies, then why are you even doing this job?


I'd rather bring in at, at some wack and hut or other companies out there who could go hire some Navy Seals or something. What's the point? That's why he's not answering and by the way, don, don't wanna forget this. Sorry, I'm just taking a note so I don't forget for the radio show. One more thing. Ron Rowe, let me give you a little, inside baseball, bringing up nuclear command authority is the biggest bullshit head fake I've ever seen in my life. Yes, the president can launch a nuclear strike that has absolutely nothing to do whatsoever with the Secret Service.


Zero. The White House military office, whammo, WHMO. That's their thing. We do not guard that. They do that. They have a, they have their own security operation. We have nothing to do with that. Whether there's a nuclear football with them or not has absolutely nothing to do with the threat assessment against a protectees. We guard the president, not a briefcase. That's their thing. Completely separate from us. They have their own procedures. He's just making that up.


It's Trump who got shot. Thankfully no one else did. Nothing to do with him having the football. They were not it's threat based. This guy got dangerously close yesterday to perjuring himself on a couple different things. Again, second hearing in a row, Senator Cruz Hawley, Mike Lee Johnson, you should be demanding this guy resign today too. I'm giving you, I've, I've warned you about this guy. I haven't got a single email from a former active agent in support of him. Zero Quick break. And I. Want to get to what Senator Johnson said last night on Fox after the hearing, because there's something he said here.


Senator Ron Johnson. Very, very smart. It wasn't, it didn't get a lot of attention, but I promise you he knows something. I promise you.


Hey, it's time to be awake, not woke. You try Blackout Coffee yet. Listen, they're an active supporter of our Constitution America patriotism, the Second Amendment. There's so much so they put it on some their packaging. We love Blackout Coffee. John, the owner over there is a diehard. He loves this country and he makes the best coffee out there. I am a big fan of Blackout Coffee. Folks, listen, take the plunge. Jump in whatever coffee you're drinking now. Blackout's better. Send me your reviews. I'm not confident. Most people don't even know what premium coffee tastes like. 'cause we get used to drinking that garbage coffee. Try. There's a couple different flavors I love. I like the Paul. Paul is a big fan of blueberry crumble. I like the cinnamon french toast. I've also become lately obsessed with their dark chocolate flavor. It is amazing. They're regular coffee. They're espresso. It is all incredible. So You don't like the flavors They ship within 48 hours of roasting anything will do. Their ev. Their regular coffee is fantastic too. It's incredible. Do me a favor, try it today. That's all I'm asking. Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. See what I've been talking about? My P ones are all converts. Tell us in the chadman, we know we gotta rep the Blackout Coffee. They're the real deal. Time to stop drinking that woke corporate junk coffee. Those people don't even like America. That's Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino or Use coupon code bonino for B-O-N-G-I-N-O for 20% off your first order. Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Check it out today. Please don't wait. They're big supporters of the show. They love you guys. We love Blackout Coffee. Thanks blackout.


Back to the show. Senator Ron Johnson has really taken an extremely active interest in this. He gave Ron Rowe a chance. We covered that on Friday. I warned him about Ron Rowe. He has been very open and that's all I can ask for. Ladies and gentlemen. Again, don don't wanna marry these guys. I just want them to do constitutionally accurate stuff and do the right thing. They do have oversight authority over these entities. They're still a legislative body in the United States Senate. Senator Johnson has taken a real interest in what's going on. Now, I promise you this sound clip is not the most exciting of the day. It's from the Laura Ingram show on Fox, but there's something he says here because he's onto something and he knows something's up.


Take a listen. I'll explain on the other side. Check this out Now, is I just need these agencies to be far more transparent. I mean, we're 17 days past assassination attempt and they're just basic pieces of information that remain unanswered. That's unacceptable. I, I certainly pressed acting director RO to make sure that the individuals we requested to do transcribed interviews be made available, be made available in days, not weeks. I'm glad that Chairman Peters made the same comment. So did Chairman of Blumenthal. So we, we've got the old bipartisan investigation going. Let, let's hope it, it succeeds. You are probably thinking, I don't get it, Dan.


Oh, I do. Senator Johnson knows something. There is a letter out there to the Secret service in the FBI to make immediately 13 people involved with this disastrous secret service security planning available. Ladies and gentlemen. I'm telling you, the people on that list know absolutely categorically know that security assets were denied to the Donald Trump division. Repeatedly. The DTD Johnson knows exactly who those people are. Now, can we talk, we have a little heart to heart. There are people watching this by the way. You're like, yeah, us.


I don't mean you. You're here every day along with 140,000 other people. You know who I'm talking to. You've come to me for help. In the past, I've helped you. I've helped you without question because I believed in what you were saying. And I believe President Trump deserved the best security. I used this show to air your message repeatedly in August of 2023. I believe it's episode 2079 in case there's fact checkers out there. You wanna go look at it? That's a year ago. It's now August of 2024. You can go look at the show.


It's still there. Apple, Spotify, and Rumble. I warned you repeatedly that Donald Trump was in danger. I was basing that on information from people. Ron Johnson knows who those people are. It's way past time for you to speak up. A man was murdered. Donald Trump was shot. Two additional people were shot and were hanging on for their lives and thankfully you're recovering a little bit. Now it is time for you to get big. And the secret service, we had this expression, when the gunshots come, you gotta get big, not small. A lot of you ran on the stage. I saw that. I wish the evac would've went a little different.


But you still went up there. This is not the time to get small. You need to start talking immediately because you know for a fact nothing's gonna change. You know the coverups began. And I wanna tell you something you may not have heard elsewhere. Ron Rowe was in the protection management chain because remember there's a number of different branches in the Secret Service Protection. You have investigations, which we shouldn't have, but we do. And protective intelligence. Ron Rowe was in the protection hierarchy when the January 6th texts about what the hell Kamala Harris was doing at the DNC when the pipe bomb was found. Remember those texts that disappeared?


Ron Rowe is directly involved in that. You let this guy get promoted to acting director. What I'm getting at is you staying quiet right now is contributing to a massive coverup you're now a part of. So you have one opportunity. There it is. Thank you. Thank you guys. Speeding towards assassination. Episode 2079. August 31st, 2023. Go listen to it. Now, where do you think that information came from? You cannot stay quiet while the guy who was in charge while evidence was deleted or what they say misplaced, which I don't believe the same guy's in charge now.


We're never gonna get to the bottom of this. You need to speak up. I've told you repeatedly after next week, you're running out of time. There are people losing patience. You are gonna be next. Disgraceful you, you folks in the chat. Does anybody actually trust the FBI and the Secret Service to conduct an honest investigation right now? Here, here's Julie Kelly, the great Julie Kelly, nailed it. The FBI, deputy Director Paul Abate was up on Capitol Hill yesterday with Ron. Ron Row, said they discovered a social media account they believe belongs to the shooter crooks that espoused anti-Semitic and anti-immigration sentiment.


Really making him seem like he's some kind of like crazed whatever far right, whatever nonsense they use. That's not us at all, but whatever. Julie Kelly rightly notes this is an FBI planted headline for the day. Andrew Toba from Gab said that the guy had a gab account. I have no reason to believe what he's saying is inaccurate and that the GAB account said nothing like that at all. It was all lefty positions. So the FBI, Ladies and gentlemen is already busy constructing a narrative that this guy, ah, he may not have been there to kill Trump. He was there to kill anyone and he just didn't like immigrants. It was some righty lunatic.


They were already interfering in the investigation. You trust Ron Rowe to make sure all of the evidence becomes available. These people, these 13 guys Ron Johnson's asking about and ladies that he needs to talk to still haven't been made available. You trust these people. Come on. The election interference, by the way, is already underway. This is an absolute 100% interference mechanism to stop the left wing media from covering the story that a rather heroic President Trump took a shot in the head from a left wing freaking lunatic and the FBI's busy trying to bury the story.


Thankfully, the Julie Kellys and other people of the world are pointing out that this is crap. Don't believe anything they tell you can't trust anyone anymore. Oh my gosh. 98.4% with the 1.6. I swear these are not real accounts. Oh, they just misunderstood the question. Thank you. The great Bino on the case. Quick break. I'm gonna show you another piece of information. Did you absolutely cannot trust the FBI in the coming months or the intelligence community? Quick break.


Hey, windshield. Wow, they're back from wow auto parts appropriately named as I said. Wow. The first time I use it works great. Listen, I'm down here in Florida. Windshields get really dirty. It rains all the time, especially during, you know, the, the, the seasons of transition. So you get all that dust on your windshield. It's just you can't see anything. The windshield wows and ingenious windshield cleaning devices uses two magnetic cleaning paddles. They're really strong. One goes on the outside and the other one just tracks on the inside. Gets in all those little nooks and crannies. Windshields, see right through 'em. You know they say light glass. Light glass, but clean glass. You just push around the outside paddle cleans it all up. No more struggling to clean the inside. I got bad elbows I can't reach. Anyway, the windshield wow applies the firm cleaning pressure for you and it's super thin to get in those tight dash areas. We have one in every car. I like my windshields clean. The car looks great and it's just safer. Haze and film builds up on both sides, causes dangerous glare, especially in sunny Florida down here. But anywhere windshield wild's the fastest and least hassle way to get super clean, streak free and safe windshields. Pick one up. We were impressed. Again, we have one in every car. Go over to windshield wow.com to get this ingenious cleaning device today. That's windshield wow.com. Windshield wow.com. Use bongino or checkout for a special discount. Check 'em out windshield wow.com


and our last sponsor today, you asked and MyPillow, listen. They're bringing you the most requested offer ever. Get the queen size premium MyPillow now for only 1998. MyPillow is made with patented adjustable. Fill it. Adjust your exact individual needs regardless of your sleep position. Helps keep your neck aligned and holds its shape all night long so you get the best sleep of your life. But that's not all. Get their six piece kitchen or bath towel sets only $25. The brand new mattress topper as low as 69 98. Their famous MyPillow bedsheets for as low as $25 and so much more. So go to MyPillow dot com or called 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Use promo code Dan to get big discounts on all MyPillow products, including the premium queen size MyPillow, only 1998. That's the lowest price ever. Don't delay. Order now. Great products support mike MyPillow dot com. Check 'em out. Thanks MyPillow, Ladies and gentlemen.


They are up to their old tricks. Again, this is why I keep telling everyone any talk of a red wave. By the way, that's dissipated a lot because there's an appropriate amount of anxiety out there now. Good, good. This is one of the few times in your life I'm gonna tell you that the anxiety is healthy. Notice the red wave talk has died down. Thankfully, we are in real trouble right now. Kamala Harris is a fake candidate, but the media is doing everything. I'll show you in a minute to Ret Khan and re-image Kamala Harris as this big change agent on the left. She drew a crowd yesterday. Folks, us pretending it didn't happen is doing us no good.


Was it a fake crowd? Were they there to see Megan Thee stallion or whatever? It doesn't matter to me. What matters to me is she's not Joe Biden and when you have a candidate, please listen to me. As terrible as Joe Biden, who was the worst president in US history. There is a rebound effect from that person just not being Biden us saying, Kamala sucks and is terrible. Yes, you're not wrong, but she's just not as terrible as him. She's as bad as him without the cognitive disorder. That's all they need. Do you understand this? You have to vote like we're one or two points down nationally because folks, we probably are, they are going to cheat and the Intel community is already knee deep in this invest in this election season along with Facebook and all these other entities as well.


Do you see this story in the Washington Times? Intel officials warn enemies are eyeing election infrastructure and voter manipulation. Here we go again. Foreign governments trying to help Donald Trump get elected. You believe them folks. Nobody believes these people. Nobody believes these people. They have done this in every single election. They are already meeting with social media companies. No, Dan, wasn't there a Supreme Court case, the Missouri v Murty case, aren't they pre prevented from doing that for First Amendment violations? No. They're doing it right now. The FBI is actively meeting with social media companies. Again, I ask you all listening at home, do you believe that's to assist Donald Trump in getting elected?


Of course not. don don't want the FBI assisting anyone in getting elected. They're there to hurt us. They've done this before. They've got a track record saying nothing about the laptop. The health department and HHS saying nothing about the ineffectiveness of covid mass lying about the vaccine. Pressuring companies. Rob Flaherty from the Biden White House pressuring Facebook. They are doing it right now. They're not even hiding it. Do you see this? The image of Donald Trump story's a few days old, but there's been so much going on. The famous now iconic fight image from Donald Trump after he gets shot with the American flag. Look at this fact. Checkers say this is an altered photo. Now they've since retracted that the damage has already been done.


This picture could have went nuclear for days and what happened. Facebook, Instagram, meta. They made sure it didn't. Folks If, you think I'm throwing this no red wave, no landslide stuff out there as some kind of just like chum in the water. 'cause I really think we're gonna win, but I just want you, I'm playing a mental game with you. You're insane. I'm telling you, as a friend, a colleague and a soldier in the Bongino army rocking the shirt today. I'm not kidding. We are probably a point behind right now because Kamala is not Joe Biden.


The media's in full blown election interference. Facebook and all the social media companies are with them. The intelligence community is all in on Kamala Harris and they cannot have a Donald Trump presidency. They will do anything. Combine this with Operation Retcon, Kamala Harris and we got a problem. I'll get to that Wall Street Journal story in a, in a little bit. I bet the text thing show the New Yorker headline first. Do you see this front page of the New Yorker kalo? Now they're tr they're going back to the JFK thing. The Camelot thing Kalo you be well by the way. What is she? What is that? What does she say is that, is that supposed, was that a coconut from her coconut tree remark?


Because it looks like something different. Just look quickly, kalo. These are the same people I played the supercut who were telling you over the last three years, how awful of a vice president she is. The worst approval ratings in modern US history for someone in that spot. You think they care that they flip on a dime. She's not Joe. Biden. That's all that matters. Yay. Look, it's kalo. Just like kalo. This is, they don't care. They're to them. How many times I gotta explain this. You can say all you want.


Oh, they look like hypocrites. They, they're not hypocrites. They're not. They believe in hierarchy, not hypocrisy. They are in charge and you are not. Whatever they have to do to stay in charge, they will do in their minds. There's nothing hypocritical about this at all. Kamala Harris was a vehicle for them to take power right now is so they're gonna celebrate her. Before she was an obstacle, she was hurting. They thought Joe, Biden, Joe, Biden gets out now they need her. This ad by the way, is gonna do some damage. I'm not saying we're gonna lose. I'm just saying this race is closer than you think and If you think otherwise you're outta your mind. The Trump team just launched an ad. This is one of the more devastating ones of the cycle I've seen in a long time.


I want you to watch this and spread this around everywhere you can. 'cause this one's gonna really sting. Check this out. You're considered the most liberal United States senator. We're not gonna treat people who are undocumented across the borders. Criminal, abolish, Ice. Yeah. Is that a position that you agree With? We need to probably think about starting from scratch. Say it loud. Say it clear. Everyone is welcome here. Raise Your hand. If. you think it should be a civil offense rather than a crime to cross a border? Raise Your hand if your government plan would provide coverage for undocumented immigrants. You support giving universal healthcare Medicare for all the people who are in this country illegally. I'm opposed to any policy that would deny in our country any human being from access to public health.


Period. You support the Medicare for All bill. I believe it will totally eliminate private insurance for people out there who like their insurance. What They don't get to keep it. Let's eliminate all of that. Lost in Marathon bomber on death row. People who are convicted of sexual assault, they should be able to vote. I think we should have that conversation. As president of the United States, I am prepared to pass a green New Deal. Would you ban an offshore drilling? Yes. What is the solution for voters who have jobs and interests in the fossil fuel Industry transition into the jobs of the future. But would you support changing the dietary guidelines reduced red meat specifically? Yes, I would. We have to have a buyback program. And I support a mandatory buyback program.


Eugene hug W in the chat. Disagree. Mr. Bonino. If Kamala is up, the media wouldn't be whitewashing her. Record her history. You're missing the point. You're missing the point. You are acting like this is all legit and on the up and up folks, you are assuming that people follow politics. Eugene, I appreciate the comment. I'm not trying to be a smart ass with you, Eugene. QWI Thank you. You are making one big dangerous assumption and I'll prove it. You are assuming people have been watching this the entire time like you have and know her record. Perfect example of what I'm talking about. You realize after the 2020 election, which was not on the up and up 17%, nearly one in five Biden voters had no idea about the Hunter Biden laptop.


You are making an a a biased assessment based on it's a compliment. You, you follow this every day. You're like, oh my gosh, no way. Nobody knows about that. The media's just fixing to the regular American public that's not watching it like you are. This is the first time they're hearing about her. You'd be stunned. How many people don't even know who the vice president is? Eugene, that's a big mistake, brother. I'm telling you, right? Now, you better run like we're one point behind maybe five. I am not. I'm not putting lipstick on anything. I'm telling you the truth. You are assuming a whole lot. There are people out there who don't have a single idea of a single accomplishment Kamala Harris has ever had.


Who? I promise we'll vote for her tomorrow because they saw the media's coverage. Kamala, yeah. Yeah. She's like a hero or something. You are assuming way too much. I totally disagree with you. By the way. Here's one of our leading contenders for the vice president spot. Governor Tim Walls. I want you to listen to this. This guy thinks socialism is great. I wonder how this gonna play with the South Florida Cuban population, Venezuelans around the country. People who've come here from socialist countries in Europe trying to get away from the tyranny and the political persecution and torture. I wonder how that's gonna play. He thinks socialism, it's just like being neighborly.


The difference is neighbors don't steal your stuff. Like socialists this. This is one of her leading contenders for vice president. You think she's some moderate? Check this out, but we Can get out there, reach out, make the case and for one thing, don't ever, don't ever shy away from our progressive values. One person's socialism is another person's neighborliness. Neighborliness stealing people's stuff. Neighborliness socialism is taking by force from the population of people you rule in an author, author authoritarian manner. Taking by force. What you couldn't, what you couldn't share in, you know, through some kind of honest, decent republic representative democracy.


It's involuntary sharing. You get what I mean otherwise known as theft. It's not neighborliness. Neighborliness is what you share voluntarily, not involuntarily. If I bake an apple pie for the neighbor, that's neighborliness. If he comes over and steals mine, that's theft. That's socialism versus neighborliness. This is one of our top guys. You know, this is perfect timing for Eugene. This is for you daily mail.com. Bombshell poll reveals what Americans really think about Kamala Harris's role in Biden's health coverup. 45% of respondents say there was a coverup. 30% said they don't believe there was 1 54.


Oh, 54% of respondents said there was a coverup. 30% of people say Kamala Harris was not covering up Joe Biden's health problem. Eugene, this is what I mean with due respect. 30% of people in a poll, 30 out of a hundred, obviously still don't think Kamala Harris covered up Joe Biden's health condition. Despite so many people watching his health condition unfold. In a 90 minute debate just a month ago, you were assuming way too much. 30% of people have no idea Talking about his stutter or No talking about this guy's cognitive disorder and the national security nightmare that was just created by this guy.


The good news is, I'm gonna give you the good news and the bad news. There is a massive coverup going on right now with Biden's health condition, which I'm hearing from insiders is worse than you can imagine. We got the Middle East on fire, right? Now, you got the Hezbollah Hamas targets being taken out. Joe Biden is out to lunch completely. Everybody knows it. They can't deal with anymore. I'm hearing he's a cognitive mess. That's the bad news. Eugene, here's some good news for you. And. I don't want you to think where this is like a done deal and it's over. It's not. We have a darn good shot of winning. I'm just telling you. Any talk of a landslide and a red wave is insane and dangerous.


M-S-N-B-C, did you see this? Did this voter panel of black voters. So the mainstream media narrative, this is where Eugene's probably, right? The mainstream media narrative is, oh my gosh. Kamala Harris is gonna completely, totally change the calculus with black voters. Again, treating black voters like children, as if black voters who were parents, baseball coaches, school teachers, engineers, cops in the military, all black voters they see according to Democrats, they think all they see is skin color, which is the most childish, ridiculous, immature, condescending view of black voters I've ever seen. M-S-N-B-C was surprised to learn, not me, that Kamala Harris and their panel didn't change a lot of voters' opinions at all.


Check this out. How many of you know a black man who has expressed to you that they're committed to voting for Donald Trump? For the brothers who have told you that or said that to you, has the emergence of Kamala Harris changed that for those veterans Folks, you, why am I airing this? It's an M-S-N-B-C panel. You don't think M-S-N-B-C wanted to find a black voter panel that would crap on Donald Trump? They probably tried and couldn't. That's the point.


You think M-S-N-B-C aired that to do a favor for Donald Trump? Are you mad? Are you doing whippets or something? There's zero chance. M-S-N-B-C can't even find anyone. don don't mean to get anybody overly excited. I'm just saying like let them go overboard a bit with this stuff too. Let them, let them talk about a blue wave. Let them talk about a landslide and just Like what happened in 2016 where they were like, Hillary's gonna wipe out Donald Trump. He has zero chance of winning and a whole bunch of Democrats didn't show up. They were like, oh, it's over. I don't need to show up. Good. Let them do this. Here's another one.


Here's CNN. They're obviously trying to find people who hate Donald Trump. They go and grab a couple auto workers, auto workers. You would think union guys, Democrats, right? Kamala Harris, not so much. Check this out. We did Run into plenty of fervent Trump supporters to say the new challenger has only made them more enthused about the former president. Does Kamala Harris getting in the race change the equation at all for either of you? Change it. It ruins it. She gets in, we're done. So I don know the what America's done for it. Even the guys are laughing. You know why we're laughing folks? I did tv. I had a show on Fox for two years. You probably saw it unfiltered.


You don't think CNN interviewed probably 50 or 60 people at that site to get someone to say something good about Kamala? They couldn't find anybody. They got these two guys. So the bad news, there are a lot of people out there who are just learning about Kamala Harris for the first time and think the media stories are accurate. There are, you look at the poll I just showed you 30%. Oh, Kamala Harris didn't cover up Joe Biden's health problem. Where have you been? However, a lot of people out there are still not convinced. So that's kind of the good news. Bad news. This is the funniest thing by the way. You're gonna see I'm, I'm just gonna be candid with you. You will be dumber after this clip.


So let me warn you in advance, right? You saw it. Viewer discretion. Viewer discretion is Justin's saying heavily advised there was no cuss words or anything like that. Don't worry if your kids, I just don't want your kids watch it. 'cause You don't want them to be dumber. I suggest fish oil, some neuroprotective compounds before this clip. This is the kind of stuff that Kamala Harris campaign is banking on socialism, left wing nonsense redistribution, defund the police. They have not done a course correction at all. They did this grievance session with Kamala supporters and they brought in this white lady influencer to tell all the white women how they should never correct bipoc.


That's what is it? People of color. But they have all these acronyms. Watch this. This is about a minute. 20 I I I left it in 'cause I didn't know what point to cut it off. 'cause the hilarity just keeps going. This is the Kamala Harris campaign. They're banking on this and they think this appeals to union auto workers and black men and women who work for a living. Check this out. Ariel Fodder, affectionately known as Mrs. Frazzled, to her combined audience of over 1.5 million followers is here to help gentle parent us through this election. Thank you. Hi everybody. I am so honored to speak today.


I am like shaking to just be among such incredible company. We are here because as If, you were here earlier. You've heard Bipoc women have tapped us in as white women to step up, listen and get involved this election season. This is a really important time and we all need to use our voices and influence for the greater good No matter who you are. You are all influencers in some way. So tonight I'm gonna share some do's and don'ts for getting involved in politics online and navigating the toxicity that comes with it. And spoiler alert, as much as the toxicity can come from the outside, it can come from us too.


So first, don't isolate yourself. We can do our best work when we're in community together like we are tonight. 'cause the toxic feels smaller when we support each other. But don't make it about yourself As white women, we need to use our privilege to make positive changes. If, you find yourself talking over or speaking for bipoc individuals or God forbid, correcting them. Just take a beat and instead we can put our listening ears on The chat. I was reading the chat. You're like, make it stop. Please make it stop the throwing up emojis. Folks, I again, I put that in there solely for your entertainment.


There is no educational value to this whatsoever. The show is entertainment, right? Educational entertainment, hat tip, boogie down productions. There is no Ed you part in that at all. Look at this. What the fuck am I watching? Michael wants Kraken reach out to Michael. He wants to file a hostile work environment complaint for subjecting to this. Not only once after they cut it, but twice. He's now dumber a vita's worried about the new show. She was like, listen, our show is smart. I'm a very bright young lady. The show took off. I'm now 10 IQ points dumber. I'm not sure why did you ruin this? We were rocking and rolling. Gee just came back from Mars.


He's like, I felt more educated now I feel everyone in the room is dumber. My audience will be smaller tomorrow because I played that. But I'm telling you, I'm relax Lady style. They are banking on this. They think that's a winning message telling people based on their skin color. You can't speak, you can speak you your bipoc, your L-G-B-T-Q-I-A-B-I-O, PC Spirit two plus. You think this is weird, man, by the way, Bonino is right again, New York post again, folks, you're always ahead of the news cycle.


Did I not tell you Joe Biden and Barack Obama hate each other? I was called a conspiracy theorist again by the leftist. Ah, you're just making that up as if I didn't work in that White House and see the dynamic. They hate each other. Biden Camp suggested that the president quickly endorsed Kamala Harris to defy Barack Obama. Folks. Obama didn't want Kamala Harris, he wanted someone else. So what did Biden do? Biden gave him the double barrel middle finger and endorsed Kamala Harris quickly, not even because he likes Kamala Harris to stick it to Obama. By the way, did you see the quote today? Political playbook had it out there about the gay marriage thing.


How Joe Biden is out there now celebrating that he beat Barack Obama to the punch on gay marriage and actually calls out the Obama administration. I have been telling you this for seriously, 10 years since I've been doing this podcast. Go back and look. These two hate each other. They're just gonna be the phoniest thing you've ever seen in the next whatever, 99 days we have till election there, whatever it's, you're gonna see Obama out there with Kamala Harris, ah, raise. They hate each other, all of 'em. There is no unity on the Democrat side whatsoever. It doesn't mean they can't win, it just means they are not who they say they are.


But they are not gonna fix any of her left wing socialist nonsense. They are gonna run on stealing your stuff, stealing your guns, ruining your schools, and taking your healthcare. That is the Harris agenda. Oh, you saw that? Look, thank you Here. This is in playbook today. The left wing political playbook. Biden said, well, I'm really proud of my position. Biden replied, I was the first guy to come out for a gay marriage. And then he added this. Remember that little problem with the Obama administration? That's a Biden quote. They hate each other. This is important. I don't just tell you this. So we get into palace intrigue. I'm telling you this 'cause going forward, you are gonna see the biggest phony act of Democrat unity, air quotes you've ever seen in your life.


These guys hate each other. Biden's quietly hoping Kamala loses 'cause he feels he got backs stabbed and he wants to teach the Democrats a lesson. Obama's hoping Kamala loses 'cause he wants to stick it to Biden. Biden endorsed Kamala, not because he likes Kamala. He actually can't stand her because he hates Obama more. This is all an act, folks. It's all bullshit. It's all a stick, the whole thing. Here's a couple quick clips today too. This is important. You know who this woman is by the way. She's a total gun grabber. A total gun grabber. You wanna forfeit your second amendment rights. This woman is to the left of Obama and Biden. Remember this one? She's talking about mandatory buybacks.


Buybacks meaning they come steal your guns. That's what that means. Listen to her answer. Adding to your gun control Agenda, yeah, I think it's a great idea. but I mean, listen, I, I don't think we lack for great ideas. As I've said many times, we've been having great ideas for decades. The problem is that Congress has not had the courage to act and that is why from the beginning I have said my agenda includes attempting to get Congress to act. But if they don't, within the first hundred days of my administration, I'm gonna take executive action. Because what we need is action. You don't have to listen to me, just listen to her. It's gonna take executive action to come steal your guns. By the way, how do you like the idea of another public safety crisis?


Because she's a big defund. The policer, she calls it re-imagining she's a defund. The policer. Don't listen to me, listen to her. Check this out. So Does that mean you support proposals Like, what we've seen in Los Angeles, mayor Eric Garcetti saying take some of the money from policing about $150 million. Invest it in health initiatives, training initiatives for youth. I support investing in communities so that they become more healthy and therefore more safe. The in right now, what we're seeing in America is many cities spend over one third of their entire city budget on policing. But meanwhile, we've been defunding public schools for years in America.


We've gotta reexamine what we're doing with American taxpayer dollars and ask the question, are we getting the right return on our investment? Are we actually creating healthy and safe communities? And that's a legitimate conversation and it requires a a really critical evaluation. I applaud Eric Garcetti for doing what he's done. The applaud, she applaud it for defunding the police. That's who she is. Don't take my word for it, just listen to her. So the downside, Eric, appreciate you. I'm glad. Listen, your comments matter. I'm sure a lot of people are. Think of that. The downside, a lot of people don't know Kamala Harris. The media is gonna define her as kalo. Don't downplay that. The upside, if the people who are paying attention and may vote, there is just a library of material.


She is crazier than Joe, Biden and Obama. Just listen to her folks. JD Vance coming up on the radio show later today. By the way, the last hour of the radio show is only available on locals, the first two for free on Rumble Rumble dot com slash bonino right here on this channel. It's just a different, different video. You just click on it. It's very simple. Please give us a follow on Apple and Spotify as well. It's keeping us way high on the charts. A whole bunch of new people have found us. And make sure you follow a Vita's show, Rumble dot com slash bonino report, Bonino report, and on Apple and Spotify as well. We love you. Thanks so much for your support. We will, by the way, the Bonino Army shirt's here for you.


Our proceeds go to Charity Verde told you that, but you are the Bonino Army. Gotta rep the cause sometimes. See you in a radio show in a little bit back here tomorrow. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.