
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. You know, it's not often I open up this show with a huge, enormous congratulations because you're like, you know, whatever, get to the program, bro. Like we don't have time for your stuff. But I think this is important folks. Someone very special to me works here. you know, you, you know her well. The great Avita Duffy, just an unbelievably talented young woman who we brought on. She is on early edition with Avita on the Bonino Report channel. Many of you watch it and in case you missed the huge news yesterday, EV Vita's father, who is a patriot and a real American Amer, I mean wanna talk about a pro-American MAGA guy, former Congressman Sean Duffy, her dad was yesterday, selected to be the next Department of Transportation secretary in President Trump's cabinet.


You can see that right there. Please, to announce former Congressman Sean Duffy. I gotta say to the whole Duffy family, Rachel, who you all know from Fox and friends who's a patriot in her own right, Avita and her dad. We got Michael here. Michael of course is married to Avita. I said, how does it feel to have your father-in-law in the cabinet? He's I said, you ever been in a White House? He's like, no, never. I said, well, get ready. You're gonna go now. So a big round of applause, ha clapping emojis in the chat. God bless you all And. I do mean God bless you, give you may. God and Jesus Christ give you the discernment to move forward. Everybody say a prayer for Sean. You're gonna be responsible for the ports, the airports, the roads, the highways, and he is a great man. So wanna start the show today with congratulations, folks.


I got a big show unfortunately after this little short break here I have a little bit of bad news about international, not about me, right? But something really kind of escalatory happened yesterday that could end up really bad. And then we got rest of a big show. I told you they were doing a flood to zone strategy.


Hey, Beam, cyber sales here, Bino listeners enjoy up to 50% off at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code Bonino. Don't miss Beam's. Biggest sale of the year.


I told you they were gonna flood the zone. And now the New York Times, as always, folks, two weeks behind the Bonino show saying the same thing. You were ahead of the curve.


Ever heard of data brokers? They're the middlemen, collecting and selling all those digital footprints you leave online. They use your browsing history and location data to sell your profile off to a company, delivers you a targeted ad. You may be surprised to learn that these data brokers, the same ones are selling your information to the DHS and the IRS. That's no good. These brokers aggregate data, tie it back to you through your device's unique IP address, and reveals information about your location. What are you gonna do about it? Well, you're gonna connect to Express VPN. That's the right thing to do. Your I IP address is hidden. It makes it difficult for them to identify who you are. That's why I have Express VPN, the app downloaded on all my devices, phone, computer, even the wifi router. All I do is tap a button and I'm protected. It's really that easy. Right now, take advantage of Express VPN's Black Friday Cyber Monday offer to get the absolute best VPN deal. You'll find all year, don't wait. Use my special link express vpn.com/bonino to get four extra months. That's four extra months on a 12 month plan or six extra months with the 24 month plan totally free. That's express vpn.com/bonino to get extra four or six months of express VPN for free.


All right fellas, let's go. So this is a little bit of bad news. I threw this in right at the beginning because it is such a critically important story that to leave it to the end at risk I wouldn't get to it would be political talk show heresy and certainly MAGA heresy. Folks, we sent Ukraine, a bunch of attack s. Attack S are basically long range missiles that as simple as that. And for the first time, as you can see from this Wall Street Journal article breaking yesterday, Ukrainians have used them inside of Russia. Folks, this is a major breakthrough in this war.


I'm a little concerned and you should be too. It is not cowardly or isolationist for us to say, well now if Ukraine is attacking inside Russia and Putin is indicated that he's going to now change his nuclear posture based on this, it's pretty dumb to ignore it. You doubt me. Here's Putin himself. You're gonna see the translator talking about this. Now there's a lot of people out there saying, oh, he's bluffing. Is that really a chance we wanna take? There's no question the man has nuclear weapons and could potentially use them. Watch this In the updated version of the document.


Aggression against Russia by any non-nuclear state, but with the support of a nuclear state is proposed to be considered as their joint attack on Russia. Russia will also consider the possibility of using nuclear weapons when receiving reliable information about a massive launch of means of aerospace attack and their crossing of our state border. This includes strategic and tactical aircraft as well as cruise missiles and drones. That's what he's talking about, the missile attacks. Now again, there's a lot of people out there. Well, what are we going to do? Not do anything because Putin said so. I'm not saying not do that. I'm saying I think the better tactical strategy was a strategy to wear the Russians out, kind of like IE Afghanistan when they had to leave there in humiliating fashion rather than rapidly escalating, risking another rapid escalation by a nuclear powered enemy.


They have nukes, man, it's not going away. It's not a conspiracy theory, it's real. We can't just cavalierly treat this like it's just some throwaway decision like we're tossing a penny and a fountain at Disney and making a wish. I'm just telling you to keep your eye on this. Michael just said it, it's clear Joe Biden does not have his cognitive faculties. Who is running this White House? And are these guys risking a a, a potential escalation? I hate the World War III analogies, but something serious like Putin launching a tactical battlefield nuke just because they're headed out the door to leave Donald Trump with a shit sandwich.


Don't dismiss the possibility. Keep your eye on that story. I will. I promise you this is a major, major, major thing. So you are always folks, always on the Dan, Bongino Show, Jim, producer Jim Unflag it please, I told you the flag it strategy that what Donald Trump was doing with his nominees, gates Heg, s tulsi, Bobby Kennedy and others, is he was putting forth folks who were gonna be change agents, but were gonna cause controversy amongst the troublemakers on the left. I don't care if they're pissed off and I said he was doing it in the someone's folks.


Please, we've gotten a thousand of these so we appreciate it. But please don't send any more rock because really I don't want you wasting your money. So here's the rock I I just wanted you to know I beat D yesterday and rock em sock robots. So we gave him a little left here. So I told you it was the rock And. so strategy. I actually like this game. you know that? Oh, that's the hand Oh. yeah, I kicked his ass yesterday. He tried to mess with me with Rockham Sock. So we training did I just, are you training? Were you trading? I found like a couple. There's like five outside of the studio we got. I appreciate it, but we got, don't we sold Rock Mont? We do. We need, I need gee training like running up the steps in the art museum. I told you it was the Rockham Soum robot strategy.


That Trump strategy, which I think is pretty brilliant, is to flood the zone, keep punching Rockham Soum robot style and basically overwhelm the system so they can't focus on one one particular nominee. Guys, listen, self praise stinks. Who gives a shit about patting yourself on the back? Look at me. It was obvious to anyone paying attention. The disconnect I think is why he did it. I think we were one of the few shows to mention they learned from what happened to Mike Flynn in 2016. They let the media focus on one guy. Now they're like, boom, hit him with everyone. So of course, as I said, you were a couple weeks ahead of it.


New York Times of all people, Maggie Haberman and Jonathan Swan confirming what I told you. They say Gates may not be confirmed, Trump admits, but he's pushing him and others anyway. Why is he doing that? Well, they know Mr. Trump has repeatedly swamped the system with provocations that Bannon memorably stated that their strategy for dealing with the news media was to flood the zone. Yes, there's, I see red flags in the chat. We told you that's what they were doing. Just listen to us and you're two weeks ahead of the cycle. Here it goes on the flood, the zone rock And. so robots keep punching strategy has ensured.


Look, look, look. That little focus stays on any single scandal. Whoa, Sidekick. Whoa. Karate band strikes again because Karate Man hurt on the inside. I told you karate band style. Read it right there. The strategy has ensured little focus stays on any single scandal. Did your boy explain it to you? This guy What. did I tell you the news programs are only an hour long. They cannot dedicate an hour to one person if they're worried about Bobby Kennedy, tulsi, Pete, Seth, and Gates.


They note the caravan moves quickly to the next and the next, creating an overall blurring and flattening effect. Trump has survived them all, including felony convictions and being held liable for sexual abuse scams. I told you. I told you. I want you to witness this. Perfect. This is perfect too. Here's a clip from 61 minutes, formerly known. What folks? Why is it now renamed 61 minutes? Because? they added a minute for Kamala, so it was 60. They destroyed their brand. It's like the Redskins becoming the guardians. It's now 61 minutes. Listen to this segment in the beginning of 61 minutes where they don't even know how to handle it.


They're like they bounce from Rubio to Pete to Gates and notice how they can't spend any time on any one of 'em. Your boy Danny Potts told you, listen, and you'll be weeks ahead of these idiots in the media. Watch 61 minutes. Check this out. The Nominees are Senator Marco Rubio for Secretary of State Pete Hegseth to lead the 3 million people of the Department of Defense. He's a combat veteran. Most recently, a morning show host on Fox News with no government experience. Former Congressman Matt Gates for Attorney General in charge of law enforcement. Gates has been investigated by Republicans for alleged drug use and sex with a minor.


Gates denies those allegations. Former Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard for Director of National Intelligence, she sought a pardon for Edward Snowden who leaked US Secrets and now lives in Russia. And Robert Kennedy Jr. For Secretary of Health and Human Services, a skeptic of vaccinations. It's up to the new Republican majority in the Senate to decide whether these nominees are equipped to represent the American. Did you see it? Did you see it? You see how they can't focus on any one thing? Michael just said it, right?


Michael's like 61 minutes should have just said, listen, all these picks suck. We don't like 'em Because. they don't know what to do. They're like, get this guy. I love the line too about Pete Hegseth. They said that Pete Hegseth has no government experience. Yeah, outside of working for our military in combat and getting two broad stars, you're a hundred percent correct Scott. No government experience at all. These believe these assholes. Pete Egg said this, no government experience. What was he working for GI Joe, who'd you think he was working for in the military? That's the government you dumb ass waiting for Leslie Sta. Sir, no government experience, sir.


Besides putting your ass on the line in combat, you're right. No government experience at all. If he had government experience, he would say the opposite. No, That that is exactly right. Gee just nailed it. If he was a bureaucrat in a Pentagon, they would say he's got government experience, but he's got no combat experience. So he is definitely not relevant for this position. You understand? There is no way an these assholes skewed bubble in view of the world. There is no way to position yourself. That's why you ignore them. You, you make fun of them. You laugh at them, you mock them, you destroy their credibility. You So alinsky's rules ridicule is the most powerful weapon because there's no effective comeback.


And that's why we use it on this, in this show. And we use it so surgically we're in charge Now did you see that Pew research thing that came out yesterday? I should have put it in the show. We're in charge now. you know Pew, that polling company, where do people get their news? Who were two of the most trusted sources of news? This guy and Ben Shapiro we're in charge. Now kids, how does that feel? Bonino army we're in charge, not 61 minutes, this flood the zone. Rockham sock, And I just destroyed one of the robots.


This isn. Poor guy just knocked him down the rock him sock him. Robots he punching. Man the strategy is working. Look at this guy. Maybe we should have him fight like Stimpy Stimpy. Jeff Stimson j Cko had him with the Rockham sock him robot, get his folks, it is working beautifully. Hat tip news busters. Watch this epic like minute and ten second meltdown. They don't know what to do. The second they freak out over one person, they gotta move on to the next one and always gauge the effectiveness of a political battlefield tactic by the response of your enemy if they're freaking out.


What does that mean? Folks in the chat, you know, karate man is karate man. That means you are doing the right thing and you should move forward and move forward fast. Check this out. Well, eight years ago, Donald Trump promised to deliver to his administration the best people. He delivered the worst people to ever work in a presidential administration. And now he is delivering even worse people. Matt Gaetz is literally the worst pick in the world for attorney general. People at the Justice Department who just used the word insane, simply Gobsmacking. I mean, how, how could He? This is a crazy pick. This is a dangerous Pick. He will turn the Department of Justice into a petting zoo.


We've seen people today, our fellow reporters crying, hugging in the hallways. This kind of appointment is really striking fear and trepidation in the hearts of the career. Civil servants over there, No one is endorsing this. Tulsi Gabbard, insofar as she is known at all, is known as a spreader of Syrian and Russian disinformation. Russian television, which is a propaganda machine, has joked that she's a Russian asset. I I don't know that for a fact, but that is something they've talked about. They don't, they don't, they they, they, they, they don't know they they've lost control. Most of you, I assume in the chat, right? Your parents, you have kids, a lot of you do, some may, some may not, but you've been a kid at some point.


Obviously all of you, you know what it's like to deal with kids around that kindergarten age where they develop their first sense of autonomy. Like they know they're distinct from their parents. What do you mean you, if you ever had a newborn, the newborn has no sense of self at all. All it knows is how to poop and, and how to like mommy, it's time to for food. So I cry there, there there's that f that moment like, you know, the kindergarten age where they really start to develop that sense of like, I'm a separate and distinct person and if I do this, I'll get what I want. And that's why they meltdown. 'cause they haven't learned how to control their emotions. That's the media. I, it may seem like a really odd analogy, but I think you guys in the chat here, you know it's true, they're like a bunch of kindergarten aid children who have no emotional control at all.


They can't say like, well Congresswoman Gabbard is an experienced former presidential candidate with a serious political and military resume and we may not agree with some of our foreign policy positions, but given that she's a serious person, what do they gotta do? T Kevin is a Putin asset as if they haven't tried the Putin asset tactic with who? Guys, every single person they agree with ever. It's Because. they children, their little tiny five year olds and six year olds, they have no emotional control. Bowel control, they like d wear diapers all day.


And that's why we're here to decimate their credibility. And that's why Pew Research has this guy and the Bino Army as the most trusted source in news or one of 'em in America. We win assholes in the media lose every time. Why? Because we're two weeks ahead of the news cycle. Did we not tell you to flood the zone strategy? Just haven't heard yet. He says My credibility will be ruined with Pew if I start publicly talking about my Star Wars takes. I disagree, I disagree. You're both wrong. My Star Wars takes are real.


Yours are fake real shit. Real, real shit. He says they are really no yours. You guys are, you're too biased. These guys are like fan boys. It's, you can't have that. Here's our next mission and we're gonna get to this after the break. And I need your help on this. It may happen soon, so keep your eyes open by the way, just breaking just a few minutes ago. Howard Lutnick, who is the CEO of Canner Fitzgerald a major investment house that by the way lost hundreds of people on nine 11. Howard's got an amazing story, has just been selected as Commerce Secretary. So he is the nominee should get through confirmation. No problem Disclosure folks.


Howard was a business partner in Rumble. Just i, I owe you that. I like Howard as the pick. It's distinct from my professional relationship with him. But I met, you know I've known Howard for a long time and no one knows business as well as him. So I think he'll be a relatively uncontroversial pick. And. I. I mean a controversy is like fabricated bullshit by the left. You get the point. But I need a favor on this folks. We need Cash Patel at FBI. As far as I'm concerned right now. He's the only guy who knows where the bodies are buried and can go in there and clean that mess up. We gotta get cash through. I'm gonna go into that Next I'm gonna show you why this guy gets it. Quick break. We'll get back to that segment. FBI reform is absolutely critical.


We don't reform the FBI all this other stuff is gonna be meaningless 'cause they're gonna come after you next.


Hey, for over 10 years, Patriot Mobile Hass been America's only Christian conservative wireless provider standing behind their service and their values as a company. They're an example of putting the cause ahead of profits. That's why I am proud to partner with them right now. You can get their every Friday matters special. You can get it today. Patriot Mobile ISS giving away a brand new smartphone when you make the switch. Patriot Mobile offers exceptional nationwide coverage, giving you access to all three major networks without your dollars funding the left. When you switch to Patriot Mobile, your supporting company believes in free speech, religious freedom, the sanctity of life, the Second Amendment and more there 100%. US based customer service team makes switching easy. Keep your number in for a limited time, get a free smartphone. How do you do it? Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot and use promo code Friday. Again, that's a free smartphone offer is eligible only with the promo code Friday. It's a limited time offer or until supplies run out. Terms and conditions apply. Join me and make the switch today to Patriot Mobile Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Thank you Patriot Mobile


150,000. Only 20 minutes in thank you Bun Gino Army again. We were the number one news live stream in the world yesterday. Deeply appreciate your support. It matters a lot to me. So thank you again. I need a favor. We gotta get cash through folks. FBI reform is critical. I wanna explain to you in hopefully a minute or less what happened post nine 11, the FBI, which had previously focused largely on serious criminal investigations. Kidnapping across state, taking crimes across state lines. Everything from drugs to bank fraud to bank robberies. You've probably seen Keanu Reeves in Point Break.


I mean it's a movie, you get the point. But that was their thing. The FBI was a very serious criminal investigative agency. They started dipping way, they always had an intel function, but they dipped themselves way deep in the pool and have now become basically a domestic intelligence gathering in in operation. And the mission creep has taken over. It has destroyed the FBI Because. they focused their eye on all the wrong people, not overseas threats as much but us. I want you to see they're too focused on intelligence now and not on shoe leather, old school police work. Here's a video of Cash Patel, he's on a podcast. This is why we need this guy at FBI.


He totally gets the problem while these other guys are just glossing over it. Check this out. The FBI's footprint has gotten so freaking big and the biggest problem the FBI has had has come out of its intel shops. I'd break that component out of it. I'd shut down the FBI Hoover building on day one and reopening the next day as a Museum of the Deep State. And I'd take the 7,000 employees that work in that building and send them across America to chase down criminals. Go be cops. Your cops go be cops. Go chase down murderers and rapists and drug dealers and violent offenders. What do you need 7,000 people there for? Same thing with DOJ. What are all these people doing here?


Looking for the next government promotion. Looking for the next fancy government title? Who was that? Was that Anita? Who pinned in the chat? We want cash. Guys. Ladies, I need you. I know cash. Well I promise you it doesn't mean anything. What's my theory on appointees and politicians? I'm all about the spreadsheet. I like cash personally. I've had a few beers with cash. We'll hang out no matter what happens. Cash, And I are gonna be friends. I promise you on my word that has nothing to do with what I'm telling you. This is strictly a spreadsheet thing. There is no one else out there available. Available with the balls and the knowledge. Who have hat tips. Sean Ryan's show, by the way, another great podcast.


That's where cash wasn't there. Who said what? He just said The Intel function has gotten outta control. They're not chasing bad guys anymore. They're chasing Intel cases. And a lot of these intel cases are on political targets like Moms for Liberty and others when they should be out there locking up bank robbers, freaking terrorists, people who cross state lines and kidnap people, people involved in massive bank frauds. How do they keep missing stuff? How do they keep missing these massive scams that, that, that, that a Bitcoin guy who screwed over a bunch of Bitcoin or how do they keep missing this? The answer is 'cause they're focused on the wrong thing. That clip sums up exactly what we need to do. We need to break up the Washington DC headquarters mindset with the FBI.


Oh, we gotta be close to the power centers. Why? You gotta be close to the criminals so you can lock 'em up, send them out across the country. You don't wanna do it. Fine. Resign. See you later. Cash is the guy. How do we know cash is the guy folks? How many times do I gotta say this? And, and and you know, and not sound like a, you know, the old repetitive broken record Always measure the effectiveness of a pick by the reaction. If the left isn't melting down, you can basically assume that that's the wrong guy. Okay. Eric Daughtry tweet just in former FBI agent warns Cash Patel would deal quote, massive damage to the agency according to the hill.


Putting someone like Cash Patel in his FBI director, I believe is extremely dangerous. 'cause his resume isn't traditional. What does that, what does that say? That should say to you? What? Double down accelerator foot RPMs. 2000, 3,009,000 foot to the gas pedal folks start making a stink on social media. Listen, politicians watch that stuff. I'm serious. Get 'em trending. We need cash. I mean, I, I don't, I have no inside information on this at all. I will say this, I did speak to some people 'cause I owe you honesty in the, in the Trump orbit.


UFC. They just asked me, who do you, they didn't ask. Obviously I'm not picking it is President Trump have nothing to do. I'm just saying. They asked me my personal opinion. I said, Hey, has nothing I'm gonna tell you I haven't said to my audience. I think Cash Patel's the guy. So I owe you some honesty on that. And that's what I've said publicly. It's what I've said privately. He is the guy. I'm sure 61 minutes will get Behind him. 61 minutes will absolutely freak out. They'll have another segment about Sean Duffy and Cas Patel that mean, like Sean Duffy has no government experience in transportation. You understand? He's a lawyer, a prosecutor, and a multi-term congressman from a state that I promise you has some significant transportation interest. you know, like bridges and roads and airports.


That Cas Patel a Nazi. Wait, we're still talking about Sean? No, no, we're moving on. He's a fascist. Ca Patel cas Pat Cas Patel is Paul Po is. What do you this is I this is next. Flood the zone flooded. Flood the zone, break the dam. Don't folks do not back down on any of these people. Do not let them. Mike Flynn, any of these people. Don't let 'em do it. Definitely a white supremacist Def Oh. yeah. by the way, keep put up a picture, folks. The the optics are obvious. This man is definitely a hardcore white supremacist. There is zero doubt. Look at that. I mean, look at the way he looks right.


He, the way he's looking off to the right with the, and in the melanin level of his skin is definitely not high enough to he have a azi tattoo. Who knows. You're, you're correct. I mean, we need to scour his body for tattoos, folks. Not in a creepy way. I mean, if he has like an American flag, he's definitely like a Nazi fascist. I mean, you know, Pete has a, has a, has a tattoo celebrating God, that's, forget it. You gotta you gotta get him out. You can't have God tattoos and crosses and stuff. I mean, guys ready? I'm gonna eliminate myself from the Secret Service right now. I'm gonna show you some. You guys ready for this? I didn't even think of this. Gee, you ready?


I don't wanna be creepy, but, okay, you guys ready for the I can't work. Justin's now leaving. He can't work for it folks. I have a cross on my right shoulder. I have a, I don't know if you've ever seen this. Justin's leaving right now. Michael's like, I can't support this kind of fascism. G's like, I'm definitely outta here. G's like, G's like, you're coming for me next after the show. I got a cross right here. I have, now I'm out. So now media people you can report. I will never, ever have anything to do with the Trump administration. I didn't even think of this, bro. I'm gonna make this even worse for you right now. Folks in the chat. Just be honest. It's over, right? Just put it, it is over.


This is even worse. This is a definite sign of a fascist Nazi. There's an eagle for America. This. isn. You can't look at, you can't have that. You can't, you, I'm not showing you my, I'm not flexing. Oh, look at me. I promise you. Look at that. There no flexing going on. I it's an eagle. You cannot. I'm done. I am out across and an eagle on what the holy shit. Get that dad panto. He is definitely an authoritarian, totalitarian, fascist Nazi. Folks in the chat say get him out. Get him out. The jury has ruled you are ineligible.


Ineligible. You are definitely a fascist white supremacist. What? I'm losing track of all the names. The podcast will go on, Subscribe to locals and you can see One, subscribe to locals and maybe we'll give you the woohoo. Maybe we'll do the Geraldo for you. Oh, I got more. Oh, wait, wait, wait. Justin, come over here. I need your help for this one. Yes. There's one more. I didn't even think it is. Yeah, come here. I need your help, Justin. 'cause I can't reach 'cause of my bad shoulders. I have a tattoo at the top of my back. You gotta, I'm gonna turn around. Justin's, I hope you're cool with this. Don't file an HR complaint, but you pull this down a little. Can you see it in the back?


You see it? Oh? yeah. Okay. Can we show the audience? I'm gonna turn around a little bit. I'll turn around this way here. Come around this way. This one, this tattoo is definitely, definitely an eliminate. I'm done after this one, folks. Hold on. Justin, Show them. Can you tell? Yeah, put it down little bit. Can you see it? Do you see folks? That's a, that's a Jesus fish. I am out. Justin's leaving right now. He's Justin's. I'm like, Justin, we met in a Catholic church. He's out. I'm a religious fanatic. I got across a Jesus fish and an eagle. Holy shit.


Everybody off the show. I'm gonna be at 162,000. Everybody out. Everybody out. You don't have to go home, but you can't stay here. Who wants to watch a crazy religious fanatic like


that? Okay, So you ever experienced an irritation when You shave? Do I ever experience irritation when I shave? I I see where you're going with that. 'cause according to a recent study, two thirds of men expect some irritation when they shaved. That was clever. Only when I shaved my back. No, they folks, I gotta take a short break 'cause I'm losing my body at the game. Only this show. We got a new sponsor in the Bino Army. I need you to hook 'em up because they're here for you. Two thirds of men expect some irritation when they shave. There's little information on how to prevent, prevent irritation. Only how to treat it. That's why Henson shaving wants to change the shaving industry. Not do gimmicks like subscriptions, but do groundbreaking research. Here's the secret. Even the cheapest dollar store, disposable razor will give you a reasonably smooth shave. Here's the trick, removing the hair without irritation. Henson wants to give you a skin friendly shave. They sent me one. This thing is amazing. I only use products here. I never would tell you to buy something I wouldn't use myself. Amazing. Henson makes their razors in the aerospace machine shop in Canada, and they also made parts for spacecraft. Henson, H-E-N-S-O-N. Their machinists are exceptional at manufacturing. It's a big reason why their razor is so much gentler on your skin. Say no to these subscriptions and yes to a razor that'll last you a lifetime. Visit henson shaving.com/bonino. Pick the razor for you and Use code Bonino to get a free shave cream with your razor purchase. Just make sure to add it to your cart. Bonino Army. Take care of our sponsors. They're good to us. That's a free Henson Shave Cream with a razor purchase when you head to henson shaving.com/bonino. And Use code Bonino. It's H-E-N-S-O-N henson shaving.com/bonino. Use code Bonino. Welcome to the show, Henson Shaving. We appreciate you being here


and our last sponsor day American Financing, the Feds drop rates. So you need to call my friends at American Financing today. Now's the perfect time. Consolidate that. Reduce your monthly expenses. A lot of us have been forced to use credit cards 'cause the ridiculous prices at the grocery store, power and even childcare. The debt's expensive with a credit card. Rates are really high. But with mortgage rates dropping, now's the time to wipe the debt out. Do it. American Financing is helping homeowners just like you save over $800 a month on average. They're even closing sum as fast as 10 days. And if you start today, you may delay two mortgage payments. There are no upfront fees. To find out how much you can save, call American Financing today at (888) 994-7660. That's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. Save yourself some money. Go to American Financing dot net. American Financing dot net. NMLS 1 8 2 3 3 4 N mls consumer access.org. Thank you. Henson Shaving. Thank you American Financing, please take care of our sponsors.


Hey, this is a great clip. you know the great Mike Davis and another great guy is Jeff Clark, by the way. He's a very talented attorney. He's worked with President Trump. They were on Steve Bannon's war room and they were talking about how to push through Cash. Patel and Gates. You've heard a lot about the Federal Vacancies Act, recess appointments, standard traditional confirmations. Folks, the bottom line is we have a number of effective constitutional tools. If Gates and say maybe a Cash Patel or a Pete Hegseth are obstructed, we have a number of mechanisms to get these guys through and we should use them. Why? Because cutesy time is what folks Cutesy time is over. You want the cutesy time show, you gotta go somewhere else.


Cutesy time is over a long time ago too, on War Room. They don't do cutesy time either. Here's a great segment on how to get these guys through. Check out this minute. It's worth your time. But for cash, there's some, there's all this concern that, oh, they can't get, they can't get confirmed. Talk about, you got two, Al Trump's got two alternatives and he said you just did the one in 1998 that he's going to, he's gonna use the Vacancies Act, but yours is actually more aggressive. What can President Trump do to get Gates confirmed and to get Patel confirmed if he needs it? Well, before I unpack the recess appointments clause a little bit, Steve, let me say this. It's even better than that because you can combine the two tools. You could recess appoint somebody, and then that lasts basically for two years until the end of the next session of Congress, each session being a year.


And then you can tack on another 210 days as acting after that under the Federal Vacancy Reform Act. So the tools are additive, you know, like a kind of al synergy. So coming back to the recess appointments clause, the President has had this power since the founding of the Constitution. Hundreds and hundreds of recess appointments have been made in our history, including by modern presidents. And for some reason, you know, surprise, surprise, the media and a lot of the never Trumper types wanna pretend that this is not a power that the President has. Or if he exercises it, the sky comes falling. None of that is true, Folks.


Cutesy, time is over. There is nothing even remotely controversial about recess appointments. I described it to you over the last few days. It's not complicated. You've got two houses in Congress. You've got the House of Representatives, you've got the Senate. If they go in recess, meaning we're leaving, going back to our districts to do district work, which by the way happens all the time, happens all the time. The President is allowed to make a recess appointment because you can't have government seats empty all the time. There is nothing even remotely controversial about this. You don't want Gates on the first run, go into recess and we'll appoint him for 210 days.


Or the vac use the Vacancy Act. Or like Jeff Clark said, and Mike Davis, we'll back 'em up back to back. Obama did recess appointments. Trump did 'em, Clinton did 'em, Bush did 'em, and not even a few. I mean, it was a lot. There is nothing controversial here. I'm I'm, I'm really sick of these swampy ass Republicans who wouldn't even have their jobs without President Trump. And the down ballot effect of you guys showing up and pulling the lever of filling in the bubble for them complaining and whining about everything. Some of you voted for a Supreme Court nominee who doesn't even know what a a freaking woman is. You've got Javier Becerra at HHS, the the crazy Congressman from California who has no experience in, in HHS Health and Human Services at all.


I'm really sorry man, but Cutesy time is over. Cut the bullshit and just get it done. You need people right now who understand the enemy is that way. They're in the trench. There's a war going on for freedom. Fact, you don't understand it. Get the hell out of the fight. We don't need you. You're sucking up oxygen for someone else and what are you doing? You're pointing your gun sideways at the trench at the guy who's shooting that way at the enemy. Folks, this is political trench warfare. You doubt me when you see this video. You probably saw it, but I'm gonna play it again. Here is a Bucks County commissioner in Pennsylvania. They're fighting over unquestionably illegal ballots.


Here, I'll show you, they're illegal. Put the adultery tweet up first. The Pennsylvania Supreme Court has now ordered them again to stop counting illegal ballots that were not signed. They're illegal. There is no question about it. There is no debate about it. They are illegal ballots. Here's the Bucks County Commissioner publicly on video. You think we're playing cutesy time still? Like, yeah, double barrel middle finger to you, losers. I'm just gonna count 'em anyway because I just really don't care. Watch this. We Reject all three categories of these ballots. You, your, your motion is to reject or dismiss the challenges in this category in front of you, correct? Yep. Not going to second that.


Mostly because I think we all know that precedent by a court doesn't matter anymore in this country. And people violate laws anytime they want. So for me, if I violate this law, it's because I want a court to pay attention to it. Folks. I, the saddest thing is that's not fake. Justin didn't edit that. That's not AI that actually happened. And you're worried about Matt Gaetz that he parties and I'm not interested in that right now. I'm interested in saving the Republic folks. Sorry, I just wanna update the check. Can, can we have a candid conversation about something?


I I don't wanna, I I I'm hesitant to do this because it sounds, it sounds like I'm lecturing people And. I'm in no position to do that. Matter of fact, the whole purpose of this is I'm not lecturing people 'cause I'm in no position to do it. But for those of you out there who may be new to politics and still idealistic who don't get it yet, like, well, Matt Gaetz is accused of this and this and this, by the way they're accusations doesn't mean they're real. It means they're accusations. Trump was accused of being a Russian asset, so it was Tulsi Gabbard. That's not real either. Even if every single accusation was true, folks, a lot of powerful great men who've changed the world.


I got news for you, man. I'm not saying they are or aren't. I'm just telling you, a lot of 'em have been really bad men when you're in the secret services, as long as I was and you're sitting around the power centers, but you're not in them, you're just why you're like a fly on the wall. But you see it, folks, I'm telling you man, a lot of these people are really bad people. They are. So all I'm trying to say to you is if you're using good or bad as a metric to appoint people who could change the country for the better, you're gonna lose because they're all bad. So forget it. Your only metric at this point should be who is gonna use the tools of the Constitution to move our country in a better direction.


And you, a fair criticism you can come back with is, well Dan, you're a Christian, right? Shouldn't we, shouldn't we at least try to find good people? Here's my answer. Yeah, but you're not going to because anybody seeking that kind of power, I'm sorry, but they're mostly bad people. Sorry to tell you that man. You get on the other side of this, you'll see what I'm talking about. All you can do is appoint people who will do the right thing, even if they don't always do the right thing in their personal lives.


I hope that sinks in. I wanna show you a great clip from my friend Lisa Booth. She was on Fox yesterday. you know, all that talk from the Democrats, election deniers, all this other shit, you know, condemning us for calling out the shenanigans in 2020. Remember if you even mentioned Pennsylvania, what happened in the 2020 election that I believe was stolen from President Trump? And. I believe Pennsylvania was at the forefront of it with all their illegal last minute rules changes. They told you, don't talk about that. You're not even allowed to bring this up. Where the hell was pre was Governor Josh Shapiro, the Democrat from Pennsylvania, when one of his commissioners is openly talking about violating the law.


The answer is he didn't say shit until the Pennsylvania Supreme Court spoke out and then he gave a milk to segment. Here's Lisa Booth bringing up that point that all these big frauds, oh, you guys are election deniers. They have an actual election Deni who just admitted it publicly and nobody said a word. You wanna still play cutesy time with these people? Not me. Watch this. Beyond that, you can go back to the 2008 Senate race between Norm Coleman and Al Franken. Al Franken did come back, but it was a 0.02% difference. 225 votes was the difference. So there is no path for Senator Casey here. What he is doing is small and petty is wrong. And also, where is Governor Josh Shapiro in the state of Pennsylvania?


This is a state issue he's ignoring. Yes. County commissioners openly saying not only am I breaking the law, but I'm bragging about it. I'm rubbing it in your face. Yeah. And so where is he? So shame on you Josh Shapiro. If you think about running in 2028, we're looking at you buddy. Well, He didn't say anything. The governor of Pennsylvania, the Democrat, I thought they were. You've got an actual election denni in a public position, folks, this woman needs to be investigated and potentially criminally charged if she broke the law. No, no. Dialing that back. If the new incoming Justice Department does not start making serious investigations and potential arrests, you're gonna see stuff like this freaking ridiculous.


You still think it's cutesy time too? Who in the chat lives in Arizona? Your governor is the single most pathetic politician anywhere in the country. I have never seen someone so weak in my life. She reminds me of Gretchen from Mean Girls. She is so inappropriate for the position. I have never ever seen a figure this week in public office ever. Katie Hobbs is a disaster. How is this woman the governor of a critical border state like Arizona? It, it escapes me. But on the cutesy time thing, you're mad at Matt Gaetz.


You've got a Bucks County commissioner openly saying we're gonna steal an election or try to on video. And you've got Katie Hobbs, the Democrat communist governor of Arizona right here, suggesting in this clip that you know what if they come in Tom Holman and the new border chief, if they come in and President Trump and try to clear the state out of illegals that are destroying the state of Arizona, that she's not only gonna object, she's gonna do everything to basically violate the law and help the illegals at the expense of the citizens of Arizona. You still wanna play cutesy time. Listen, they talk about this openly. Check this out. Would you as governor, allow state police and national guard to carry out mass deportations?


We will not be participating in misguided efforts that harm our communities. And I've been incredibly clear about that. So you disagree with mass deportations and the fact that the president elect says that's what he's gonna be working on day one? Well, I think that those efforts are going to divert needed resources that we need here on these drug interdiction and smuggling and trafficking efforts to keep harm out of our communities. Wait, what so illegal migrants who are using these illegal trafficking trails across the border to shuttle drugs and children for sex trafficking, that getting those illegal migrants and shutting those things down is gonna divert resources from investigations into drug and sex trafficking.


If you're scratching your head going, what the, did you just say this woman is a freaking idiot? She is a moron Now. all of a sudden, by the way, Katie Hobbs is saying, Hey, immigration's a state Arizona issue, not a federal issue. That's fascinating because when Arizona on the Republican governor, Jan Brewer, remember this, introduced SB 10 70 so that Arizona could use their state laws to shut down illegal immigrant trafficking. The same lefties said, no, no, no, including the A CLU immigration's, A federal issue, not a state issue.


And they called it the show me your papers law. Here's the A CLU statement on it. You can see it yourself in case you think we're fudging the numbers on this. Amazing how their position changes, right? When it's, when you want it to be a federal issue, because there's a Republican governor in Arizona trying to shut down a li illegal immigration. You call any law, show me your papers. So you go, no, that's a fed's problem. There it is right there. Show me your papers. But now that Katie Hobbs wants the border in Arizona opens, she's like, it's not a federal issue. No, it's my issue. These people are disgusting liars. They are garbage.


You wanna play cute with these people? What are you insane? These people are running rough shot over the country. Folks. That woman wins reelection, evacuate the state of Arizona as soon as you can. She is a moron. She is getting people killed right now with her open border policies. And it's disgusting folks. People are policy. I need you to understand that. You know, fair enough, you listen on Apple, Spotify, you're in the live chat watching us live, watching us on demand. A fair criticism of the show today. Maybe Dan, you know, you're spending a lot of time on people in appointees, hegseth Gates, Tulsi Cash Patel.


Why folks, if there's one lesson I learned in the government as a political candidate and now, you know, 10 years in podcast and radio and tv, believe me, I've been there. It's that people are policy. Do you understand that? No. Dan, policies policy. No, it isn't. Prove it. Okay. Supreme Court said that Joe Biden cannot use the Federal Treasury to pay off people's student loans. Did he do it? He did. Why did he do it? Because Joe Biden is a person who's a communist liberal who doesn't care about the policy. I'm not suggesting ignoring policy is a good idea. I'm telling you that policy is often open-ended and open to interpretation.


You have people who can interpret policy the right constitutional way. You're gonna get good policy. You have people like Joe Biden who view it through a communist lens. They're gonna use that policy to do anything. That's why people in these positions, the right people are so critical. You get a deep stater, they're gonna view it through a deep state lens and do deep state stuff and use the policy as an excuse. You wanna shut the border down and ice out people like Kami, Katie, Cobbs worst governor in the country. That's why we got this guy. We gotta fight for him too. Borders are so, he should be okay. Tom Holman. Here's Tom Holman talking about the border priorities. This is what we're doing. And if you're not gonna cooperate and you're gonna break the law, you may find yourself under investigation.


Listen to this. As far as the deportation operation, we will prioritize public safety threats and national security threats because they're the biggest, they pose the biggest danger to, to the United States secure. He, he's got three rails. So we'll do the deportation operation with the priorities. I just talked to you outta the gate that that'd be the priorities. Second thing is secure that border lock that border down and catch a release and secure the border. The third RA rail is we got over 300,000 missing children. That this, that the over half a million children have been trafficking into the United States. This administration released them to unvetted sponsors and they can't find 300,000 of 'em. And based on my three and a half decades, some of these children in forced labor, we already found some in forced labor, some are in enforced sex trafficking, some of them are pedophiles.


We need to save these children. That's gonna be a third rail People, our policy man, you get a guy with homan viewing it through a constitutional section two 12 F perspective where We can exclude the president, any class of aliens for any reason, for any amount of time. He's gonna interpret that policy to mean exactly what it says it means you can't come in. You can't come in because when you let people in and you interpret that to mean, oh, you know what that means, I can also unrestrict it and let anybody in. You're gonna get incidents like this. Did you hear this abomination yesterday at the Lake and Riley trial in Georgia? The, the, the, the suspect in the cases on trial for the murder of Lake and Riley.


Here's testimony in the trial. It's just quick where one of his friends says that, yeah, they were brought into the country and were flown to Georgia by the Biden ministry. Can you imagine this? That this prime suspect in the case was like airlifted into a state and is now the suspect in a horrific murder. These are the people you're dealing with. You wanna play cute with them? No, they actually said this under oath. Listen to this Else that you got to know that you live with while you were here in Athens. Hernandez Yian, Carlos Hernandez. Okay, And how did you get to Athens?


Athens in Manhattan in New York? We asked in Manhattan, in and hotel roofing, r Roosevelt, Roosevelt, Manhattan, in Manhattan, we requested for humanitarian flight to come here to Atlanta. But what else could you possibly want to hear folks that, that's an under oath testimony by a witness in the case that the suspect in a atrocity, the brutal murder of this young woman was flown into the state by your president and his team.


People are policy And. I don't want you to forget these other folks to their appointing Lee Zeldin at EPA, Brendan Carr, chairman of the FCC. They are all gonna be critical. It's not about policy entry. These appointees, these are major, major positions you interested in. Free speech censorship, internet growth, ai. This guy Brendan Carrum nominated yesterday, the FC C's A rockstar. His name's gonna get lost in this with Gates and Hegseth and Tulsi and Bobby Kennedy and others. But this is huge. Here he is up on Capitol Hill just a little bit ago talking about the disastrous broadband rollout where you paid billions of dollars and they haven't connected a single freaking home.


This guy's a huge advocate for breaking up the censorship cartel. This guy could be one of the top five most important appointees yet. Watch this. In 2021, vice President Harris agreed to lead the administration's signature. $42 billion effort to extend internet service to millions of Americans. It's now been 1039 days since that program was enacted. After all of that time, not one person has been connected to the internet. Not one home, not one business, not even one shovel worth of dirt has been turned and it gets worse.


No infrastructure builds will even start until sometime next year at the earliest and in many cases, not until 2026. These guys are important. I think I made my point. People are policy and don't neglect guys like that. you know, we've got the high profile names that are on the marquee and the billboard, but these guys are important too. And women out there. We're gonna transform government folks. I'm telling you, the culture has changed the culture. What did Breitbart say? Politics is downstream of culture. The culture's changing. You've got these guys. No, this isn't rockham. So, and robots doing the Trump dance.


you know the Trump dance he does. Everybody's doing the Trump dance. The culture is changing. Nobody's taking a knee anymore in the NFLI may actually start watching it. You got people doing the, you got Brock Bowers doing and he got the team trying to screw him over. But I I'm con seriously considering watching the football again now, now you've got, you got people doing the Trump dance, you got John Jones doing the Trump dance. The culture is changing. It is critical. Don't neglect this Judge. Janine, did you hear it last night? Did an incredible segment on the five on us. She did about two minutes. This. isn only about a minute of it. But she's talking about this pivotal inflection point we're at right now where now where we've been the minority, the aggrieved minority for a long time, censoring us, sticking shots in us, telling us do this and do that.


Wiping our Facebook accounts out fact checking, fake fact checking us. We are now winning. They are now becoming the minority. We are winning. Listen to this. Media doesn't deserve to be trusted. Maybe the media deserves exactly what they've gotten. Because, they did lie to us. They lied to us about Russia collusion. They got themselves Nobel Peace prizes and all kinds of prizes. They didn't give 'em back. We found out there was nothing to it. We were in each other's throats for four years over this nonsense. So you know what, what's happening now is people are feeling good Because. they have literally extricated themselves from this legacy media.


They've moved on to social media. Because. they recognized that the legacy media is in with big tech is in with the Democrat Party and it's not doing anybody any good. But what we're seeing right now is how the Democrats boxed us. We were in this box and you were in that box and we were in this box. Now, all of a sudden Trump gets elected. It's one box. All the edges have fallen off the boxes. We are happy. You've got footballers and you've got golfers and you've got prize fighters and they're all doing the dance. Maybe because these guys who eight years ago may have taken a knee. The truth is they know when they go home that their family is suffering in the big cities.


That their families aren't being protected because of cashless bail and because of the fact that there are legals who aren't vetted who are in this country. Folks, please don't write this off. That is a brilliant take by Judge Janine. She's a hundred percent correct. Don't laugh off the Trump dance thing. I've told you this for a long time. It's not about athletes like, oh, great. Athletes are an you. You got, I'm sorry. you know, I appreciate guys, but getting a lot of these guys relate to the game. That's not the point. We'd rather have you on the field than not. Even if you get in in the fourth quarter, right? The point is, they're sending a signal to the rest of the world that it's okay. It's okay to come out of the house. I heard Hulk Hogan say last night on Laura Ingram. Terry Lea, that he said he used this word, I'm not saying it, he said, he said, I was a coward for a long time.


I voted for Trump. I didn't wanna say anything. I was afraid of my business, but I'm not anymore. You're gonna see more people coming out, celebrate the fact that you were the first mover. But folks, please don't shut them out. Some people take longer to see the light. That's just the way it is. You guys were courageous from the start. And I applaud you. We have never wavered here either. The receipts are everywhere. However, don't kick them out of the pool. Don't we need them? The culture's changing. Embrace it. It's for good folks. Thanks so much for tuning in. Please download the Rumble app and join us every single day. It is free at 11:00 AM You can watch us on the Rumble app, the Dan, Bongino Show, or go to Rumble dot com slash bonino.


Just please click that follow button, trying to get the 4 million subscribers by the end of the year. We deeply appreciate it. And if you could go to Apple Podcasts and Spotify, find the Dan, Bongino Show, and follow us there. We'd really appreciate it. I will be on Rumble for the radio show here in just a few minutes, and back here tomorrow live. Join us in the chat at 11:00 AM Rumble dot com slash bonino. See you there. Thanks for tuning in. You Just heard the Dan Bongino Show.