
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. You guys ready to do this? I, I've never done them. I've never done the Karate guy. Karate man. In the beginning of a show without even starting it. By the way, I wanna welcome Avita. Let's everybody see everyone say hello to Avita joining us for some kick ass. There you go. Wave hello to the audience. Avita. Say hello. Everybody loves you. Hi everyone. Good to be here. It's awesome to be here. I have never been more excited about a freaking debate in my life, right outta the shoot.


We're going Karate man tonight. Freaking I give you about a half an hour warmup before the debate show you who Kamala Harris really is, by the way, 81,000 people in the chat before we even started. How about that? Let me get started. We gotta pay for the show today. We got good sponsors that love you guys and we appreciate your patience.


You heard me wave about Beam every day. We love Beams powder Stop word delay and get some sleep. Go grab their best discount yet at shop Beam dot com slash Bonino. Use code Bonino. Thank you Beam.


Big show lined up. Couple more sponsors and then we'll get started with the show.


Hey, you don't need to tell you. Don't mean you don't need me to tell you. Life is precious. It could all get taken away in an instant. That's why I stay stocked with four week emergency food kits from my Patriot Supply. You know what? The government's not gonna save you in an emergency. Calories will save you and you ain't getting them from the G. The government. You're gonna get 'em from emergency food that lasts up to 25 years in storage when disaster strikes. We've seen mass panic in our lifetimes before you ever been in a hurricane. They clear out the shelves. Right now you can save $50 off the same emergency food kits that I keep in my home. Go To my patriot supply.com and save $50 on your four week emergency food kit. My Patriot Supply will send it over as fast as humanly possible. Listen, I know my order showed up in one day. It was quick. The shipping was fast and it was free. Get you four week emergency food kit now and my patriot supply.com, my patriot supply.com


and we will do the ads back to back today so we can minimize breaks. And we again, we appreciate your patience. They keep the show free.


Our good friends at Omaha Steaks, it's time for tailgating season and Of course cookouts. With a lot more grilling left in the season. The experts at Omaha Steaks are inviting you to Savor Summer with 50% off sitewide during their Labor Day sale. Plus, you'll get extra $20 off with my promo code Bonino for five generations. Omaha Steaks has brought you endless flavor, endless variety and endless value with premium proteins that are sure to satisfy. Doesn't stop there. There's more. You'll enjoy big savings on premium pork and chicken scrumptious size and Of course decadent desserts. To sweeten the deal, GH has stolen more Omaha Steaks from my freezer 'cause he loves them than anyone here. You need to get some, whether you're having a cookout or tailgating saver, summer of 50% off Sitewide during the Omaha Steaks Labor Day Sale. Shop today at Omaha Steaks dot com and get an extra $20 off when you use promo code Bonino at checkout. Every purchase backed by their unconditional money back guarantee. Minimum purchase may apply. Visit Omaha Steaks dot com for details. Thank you Omaha Steaks. We really appreciate it.


Alright fellas, are we doing a bell on this special show? Yes, we're, yes we are. Folks, I, you know, I know I'm a little energetic tonight and by the way, I didn't even drink the cold brew. All I know is these guys we're still in the old studio, but I don't live here anymore. And Avita, you know the place as well as I do. Everybody's just made themselves at home in the studio. Being that I'm not here to like police the thing. You got Michael, who you know well, I think you're married to him and then you got these other guys like Justin raid in the fridge taken to cold brews. Just your personal thoughts about that before we get started. Well, It's gonna be a long night to get through the KA apps that we're gonna have to go through tonight.


You have to have some caffeine. You have to be able to stay away from it. Do you think there's gonna be a lot of cackling tonight? You know, I do Dan. I think it's her nervous tick. And I. Think Kamala's really nervous. Yeah, I think she is too. I think she's a little freaked out. You know why I think she understands Trump is totally unpredictable and what I think she's trying to avoid more than anything is a Hillary Clinton. 'cause you'd be in jail moment. I'm almost positive 'cause he's unpredictable. He's like that Anderson Silva in the UFC. It's like you never know where the shot's coming from. So let's get to some clips. Before we get started, I wanna get your thoughts on these two folks. This is who Kamala Harris really is. There's no better debate prep than right here with me and Avita.


Cue up for me. Cut three. So, you know, we had a really tragic school shooting. Unfortunately these things happen. We gotta do everything in our power to prevent these atrocities from happening. But Kamala Harris, who again claims she's a prosecutor, she's pro law enforcement, should all be looking at her for our public safety guidance, which is freaking hysterical. She even says that here's her take on schools, police officers in schools, and notice the left wing lingo. She uses demilitarize. She's not demilitarizing her Secret service detail. Check this out. And Also, again, what we need to do about taking demilitarizing, our, our schools and, and taking police officers out of schools.


We need to deal with the, the reality and speak the truth about the inequities around school discipline. We're in particular Avita, you know, what's inequitable if you get shot in a school shooting because you don't have a police officer or an SRO school resource of officer there to stop it. That that's inequitable. I mean, that's a hundred percent right pe in people's lives. Children's lives are on the line. Kamala has people protecting her with guns, right? But we can't protect the kids in our school systems, in our public schools with guns. The other thing too is Dan, this is one of the most communist regimes we've ever had in American history. So we're having despotism totalitarianism, and now Kamala saying, yeah, we gotta have the guns taken away from our school children.


We have to have restrictions on the Second Amendment. It's really kind of terrifying rhetoric. And you know, I, I know you were, you were hot on a lot of the stuff as I was with Covid. They were more than happy to utilize the police to enforce their covid restrictions. But enforcing like not getting kids killed in schools, like, no, no, definitely get them out folks. This is who she is by the keep in mind. Again, none of these clips are like bizarro, Kamala Harris from the alternate DC comics, Superman universe. These are real clips of Kamala Harris that nobody is disputed. Zero people. Here's one I was gonna play the other day on the show. This is unique to the debate prep tonight because it's kind of hilarious what a phony shall be.


So you've got a bunch of Republicans out there now, folks in the chat chime in. Two kids. Anybody got something to say? I'd love to hear Who out there supports paper ballots? Paper ballots? I, I do. I'm a raising my hand. I am a paper ballot supporter because a paper ballot is impossible to hack, especially if you've got it as a backup system. I prefer it as a primary system. But if you have it as a backup system, you can't hack a paper ballot. This is how fake Kamala Harris is. When they wanted to pretend that they had elections stolen from them, the National elections, George W. Bush and other ones, they were all about paper ha ballots. I don't know if you've ever seen this one guys play cut one Kamala Harris is, again, not a joke, folks, Kamala Harris coming out for paper ballots, guaranteed.


She renounced this position tonight if asked, check this out. Need to audit, but also what they can do around best practices and, and best machinery. We are talking with them about the fact that it is probably best that you do not have your election system connected to the internet because that will create greater vulnerabilities. And then look at where we are now in this year of our lower 2018. We're talking about paper ballots, but that actually might be one of the smartest systems. So Avita, I I thought call me crazy, but I thought if you referenced any problems with machines connected to the internet, and therefore we should use paper ballots, I was told by unreliable sources.


And I'm not talking about Brian Stelter, that that classifies you as an election denier, Conspiracy theorist. What's our batting average on conspiracy theories? Michael? What is it? That's a thousand. Yes sir, it is. I I thought that, I I I thought you were a conspiracy theorist that that happened. That's actual video of Kamala Harris on the paper ballot stuff. She's totally full of shit folks. Totally and completely full of shit. Now any other thoughts on this? On the, I think it gets to the heart of how she has no standards, right? These people have ideas of rules, laws, procedures, but if it serves their political aims, they'll throw 'em all out the window.


There's no morality. Well, I think what Kamala Harris says that my values haven't changed. I think she's serious. I mean, I, she really doesn't have any values and her values are power. So if she sees advocating for paper ballots as a way to cast doubt in an election a Republican won, she'll do it. But if that same position gets in the way of her taking power, she'll change her mind. Yeah, Well, I I, I think that's right. I mean, this, this is what we're dealing with, right? Progressives, these people, they, they really don't have standards. They, if it's, if it serves their political aims, if it's in the pursuit of progress, they will do anything. By the way, everyone congratulate Avita on the outstanding success of her new show Early edition with Avita, I mean kicking ass top hundred news podcast right out of the gate.


You can find her at the Rumble Bonino report every day at 9:00 AM eastern. We gotta make sure we get that in. You want some more Kamala Harris? I'm gonna give you some more 'cause that's what I'm here for. I started early 'cause I wanted to do some debate prep for you because I'm telling you, whatever question she gets, a gets asked IFTAs, right? She'll take whatever position in the moment. She goes, licks her finger and she thinks the political winds will be blown in her direction. She doesn't care that we know this, but I care because knowledge is power. Cue up for me. Cut four. I let me ask you about this before, instead of after a, I find reparations to be one of the most destructive policy proposals out there.


The reason is, if you were ever looking for a policy that was gonna foster division on a so on a society trying hopefully and hoping for, you know, a a genuine a a genuine coming together on the race issue, I can't imagine a more divisive thing than to ask people who didn't do said thing to pay people who were not victims of said thing. When the people paying, the people not victims of said thing worked really hard for their money and basing it exclusively on race reparations is a hugely destructive, far left radical policy. And I think only communists advocate ate it because they want redistribution, not because they want race equity or anything like that.


Your thoughts before I play this Assessment of what's happening? And the other thing too, Dan, is did my ancestors enslaved Kamala Harris' ancestors? No. I mean, I'm the descendant of Irish people who were discriminated against in America. I'm the descendant of Mexican Americans. So because I have lighter skin than her, I have to pay her money. Doesn't make any sense. I mean, you're an Italian descendant of Italian immigrants. Yeah, were, were the Italian immigrants. Enslaving Kamala Harris answers is, by the way, I mean it, it just doesn't, it just doesn't make sense. It's un-American. And, but it's But you agree with my sentiment though that it's not, this has nothing to do with race. This has everything to do with a communist redistribution. It's, in other words, it's the same thing about say en environmentalism.


Environmentalism was a natural segue when communism and the Soviet Union collapsed because they're always looking for new ways to steal people's money and give it to others. So environmentalism, just like reparations is not about race or the environment. It's about do you agree my point that it's taking from one group and it's just a vehicle to do it. It's A hundred percent a vehicle for Marxism. And the other thing Dan, is I think it's a vehicle to divide us. They always wanna divide us on race. And the reality is that, and Tucker Carlson said this recently, Dick Cheney and Kamala Harris have a lot in common, right? These are both war mongers, these are both deep state creatures, swamp rats. And they have actually a lot more in common than they let on.


And the rest of us are being divided on issues like race all the time. And they're, they're playing us against each other when we, the reality is that in the new right, we have a lot in common to turn ourselves against a, an entrenched state. And that's actually something I think Trump needs to highlight is that Kamala is a product of a state of a permanent state that needs to be, well She's never had a real job. So I mean that's, that's, that's actually factually accurate. Q up for me. Cut four. Here is Kamala on reparations. Again, I can't imagine a more divisive policy pre-debate coverage. Check this out. But In the area of reparations for descendants of Africans and Slave, if you elected president, would you sign that bill if it came across your desk when I'm elected president, I will sign that Bill Cackle comes in at the end.


You hear the cackle at the end. The cackle. That's what I I'm gonna, folks, if I did the cackle to annoy the shit outta you, you all would tune outta my show so quickly. Imagine me with the cackle all the time. You give Us four that Is it hot in here, by the way? Am I crazy? I'm gonna turn the AC down to like, yeah it is. I'm not nuts, right? Sorry guys in Dan, Bongino, Show, we do things a little different around here. I'm turning it down to 65. You guys cool with that? Aida's like, please, you're gonna freeze me out. I come in in the morning, by the way, Aida's doing her show folks, she's got the air conditioner, which is really like the heat at 76 degrees.


I'm like, what? The 76 degree you nuts. 60 Being generous. Oh my gosh. I'm like, I like my house at 78. Yeah, I I I know I can tell. Meanwhile, if you ever see like, gosh, why does Ponto look? He's being interrogated by the police is because they keep the like the freaking heat on. It's Florida here in Florida. This isn't the Antarctica in Florida. It's like a thousand degrees outside. Alright, so the mics are muted tonight. Let's harp on the rules for a second and not just Kamala as far left radicalism, although that was fun too. The rules tonight have changed for muted mics. Kamala wanted an open mic the entire time. Why Queue up for me if you would cut six fellas.


I'm gonna show you why you've seen this before. And I, just wanna do a quick shout out right before I didn't have time to get it loaded into the system. Freedom Tunes has the most hilarious little mini cartoon about the Kamala I'm speaking moment. I've seen it a long time. Strongly recommend you check it out. I just saw it before I came out. But here's the moment. Kamala Harris was looking for with an unmuted mic. While why Trump? She thinks Trump was gonna interrupt her. She wanted to have this moment. Check this out, Mr. Vice president, I'm speaking. I have Julia, I'm speaking Mr. Vice president. I'm speaking. Well Wait, I'm speaking The important of you said the truth. Mr. Vice president, I'm speaking, I'm speaking.


Okay, if you don't mind letting me finish. We, the gestures, the facial, the, I'm just telling Avita, you know what's, what's even better. And by better I mean worse than the I'm speaking nonsense. She constantly did that debate, which is super annoying by the way. It's the facial expressions. She's like, I speaking, I speaking, okay, okay, okay. I'm speaking, speaking. She busted the karate man out with the face. I speak. She won full karate man on him. You don't go full karate man. Did you see the expressions? You know, that's the moment she wanted. And the reason she wanted the moment Avita is because she doesn't ever have anything to say when she's forced to speak extemporaneously off the cuff, she gets caught in the word salads.


The the school bus. Let's go around and around. I love Venn diagrams and we're all going to space. She doesn't have anything of substance to say. That's why she wanted that little sound or that soundbite moment So. it was so condescending and insufferable that, I mean that's the right reaction to it. And you're right, she does get caught in these word salads all the time. So she has to have this clap back moment. This I brat girl summer moment, right? Right. That and, and if she doesn't then we actually have to focus on her policies, which is disastrous. 'cause Kamala Harris, this is a reminder that Trump needs to be making the whole night is she is the current vice president, her policies that are destroying this country, that people are enraged about. If you look at the polling, nobody's happy with the way things are going economically with the border crisis.


That's Kamala Harris. She's in charge right now. She's Brad. She's Brad. She's Brad. Yeah, that was her thing folks. Kamala, but did you know that? Now if you're in the chat, are we gonna 200,000 people? The jury is ruled. We reign again. Supreme. The damn Marto Show Reign Supreme. What the is we got like look at this. The counter, the show hasn't even started yet. Well, not my show. We start, the debate hasn't even started and we're already rocking the 200 k. Why? Because we are the king, the Bonino. That's why I'm rocking this shirt today. You're like Dan, that's the same shirt you had on this morning. I know I was too lazy to change. If you really want me to be honest, And I like the bonito army shirt, 200,000 people love you guys.


I touch my lips but my elbows don't work. Love you all the best. You guys bring out the flames tonight. Wait, wait, what's our record by the way? 300, 2 70 or something. If the flames come out tonight, it's gonna be big. It's gonna be Get the flame if, if they come out tonight, it's gonna be huge. All right, let me take a quick break. Me and veto get back to some pre-gaming, some tailgating, pre-debate. Getting you used to who? Kamala Harris is our last break of the night. So don't worry. Again, I really appreciate your patience on a very serious note. These sponsors want to talk to you. Thank you so much. This is our last break of the


night. Hey, you asked in MyPillow listened. They're finally bringing you the most requested offer ever. Get the queen size premium MyPillow now is only 1998. We love MyPillow and Mike support 'em MyPillow is made with patented adjustable fill and adjust your exact individual needs regardless of your sleep position. Helps keep your neck aligned, it holds its shape all night long so you get the best sleep of your life. But that's not all. Get their six piece kitchen or bath towel sets only $25. Their brand new mattress topper as low as 69 98 and their famous MyPillow bedsheets for as low as $25 and so much more. So go to mypillow.com or call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Use promo code Dan to get huge discounts on all MyPillow products, including the premium queen size MyPillow, only 1998. So lowest price ever. Don't delay order today


and our last sponsor of the night, which 200,000 people could check out. Jen, you sell ladies and gentlemen, here's Stephanie from Santa Cruz about genus cell. Listen, your skin matters. You gotta take care of it. She says I have skin damage from years in the sun. Love the product. It reduces the appearance of the various discolorations and leaves my skin looking younger. Great. Even at my age, Stephanie's raving about genus cell skin care's. Dark spot corrector. A must have hour after months of record heat and time in the sun, sun spots, brown spots, discoloration, even red and flame patches can all disappear in front of your very eyes. The Gen Cell skincare guarantee is amazing. You'll see results the very first day guaranteed are your money back. So take advantage of the Genus Cell's current most popular package, which includes the classic genus cell bags and puffing these treatment and Gen 90 for immediate results. All at about 70% off. So you can try the best skincare in the world for yourself. Completely risk-free. It's simple. Go to genus cell.com/dan today. Start looking years, even decades younger tomorrow. GENU c.com/dan. And as a special gift, every package order includes a limited edition spa with two skincare essentials absolutely free with your subscription order right now. GENU c.com/dan gen uel.com/dan.


Thanks Gen uel. And back to the show folks. The woman is a lunatic. Okay? She's a communist. I don't play these, you know, bullshit swampy people games where they're like, don't call around Luna, take a picture. I'm not running for president, I'm not running for anything. I'm running to kick ass digitally online with the best show out there. And when you act like a freaking lunatic, I'm gonna call you a lunatic. Queue up for me. Cut 14 fellas, if you would, how do you feel if you're a union member out there who's voted Democrat there entire life? Listen to me, union folks. I come from a union family, I know this very well and you've paid your union dues and you forfeited a lot of big raises in exchange for a good solid healthcare plan for you and your family union folks in the chat, you with me?


We all tracking Love you guys. No beef with unions whatsoever. I love people who work for a living. God bless you. Always have a home here. Everybody cool? We're cool. How would you feel if Kamala Harris got elected president and she says her values haven't changed and she in fact canceled your Union healthcare plan, which you busted your ass for to stick you in some crap government, Medicaid type Medicare plan, which is going bankrupt. How would you feel? Feel free to comment in the chat. I'd love to hear because Kamala Harris wants to do exactly that. How do I know that? Because Kamala Harris actually said it. Play the cut. I wanna give credit to Bernie, take credit Bernie, you, you know, you brought us this far on Medicare for all.


I support Medicare for all I always have, but Oh my gosh, why do I have, why do I have to constantly do this? Why do I have to play? You know, I said to you the Avita, we, I think you heard me. You were in the other room. And I did this segment the other day. I'm sitting in my house in Florida, you know where you don't live too far from this. So you see the same commercials. And I see this commercial, how Trump is responsible for project 2025, which by the way is not his thing. It's a heritage foundation thing. The most amazing thing, the biggest dipsy do flipper roof I've seen by the media in a long time. And I don't mean amazing in a good way is that Trump is responsible for project 2025 even though it's not his thing and he's actually disavowed it.


But Kamala Harris is not actually responsible for Kamala Harris doing, doing and saying things Kamala Harris said so weird. It is, it is pretty ironic. And the other thing that's ironic is the, the criticism of Project 2025 is that, oh, project 2025 is all about Trump consolidating power and becoming a dictator in office. Meanwhile, the Biden Kamala admin has been consolidating power and weaponizing the state against their political opponent, Donald Trump and then half the country at the same time. So it's complete hypocrisy. Yeah. Kamala Harris folks as well is trying to do enough. Well, you know, the hypocrisy part doesn't really bother them though. I know you understand. Like they, they don't really care.


Yeah, she just, she she cares about power and hypocrisy is nothing more than a necessary obstacle to getting there. So now she's come out and she's ridiculously claiming she's gonna be some kind of prosecutorial public safety person with, with regard to immigration too. Because she realizes, make no mistake that immigration and the economy are two just godawful issues for her. And she's in a world of pain. Here she is on the border wall. Queue up for me. Cut eight fellas if you would. This is short, but again, I wanna make sure before tonight, 'cause we're gonna live fact check this sucker too. We're not, we're gonna try, let me play the cut now. We're probably not gonna talk too much.


You can see us react and stuff, but if I gotta say something, I'm gonna break in play cut seven on the border wall check. Let me Be very clear. I'm not gonna vote for a wall under any circumstances. And I do support border security and if we wanna talk about that, let's do that. Now she's saying she's for a border wall avita, but she's not actually saying it. What's happening and where the media's given her a pass and what's really ticking me off is she's actually never really come out and said she's for the border wall. She had it leaked through it, anonymous surrogate. And the media ran with the story as if this was an authentic change of position. Well yeah. And you'll say things like she's always for border security, but it's what does that mean? Right? And and and to the, to the Biden admin border security means a completely open border.


It's it's really slimy. You're, you're, you're right about that. And and Kamala is still the border czar. We have to emphasize that too. She was never relieved of that rule. She is the border czar that's letting Haitian immigrants flood into small town Ohio. I'm not laughing at you, but did you guys see the show prep for tomorrow? We have to do the border czar thing again, folks in the chat. Are you tired of the border? I I can't take the border czar thing long and short of it. You'll see it on tomorrow's podcast. Jerry Nather in this hearing today with, with a bunch of parents who lost their kids to illegal immigrants. I mean a really horrible hearing, right? Jerry Nather, who when he's not busy defecating in his own pants, came out today at the thing at this this Capitol Hill hearing with these parents who lost their kids to illegal immigrants and again said Kamala Harris was not the border czar folks.


I'm gonna play the super cut again tomorrow. She is, she was. It's on video. You can see Joe Biden placing her in charge of the border. It's the biggest bullshit scam you have ever seen. If Kamala Harris was even remotely competent, she would be proud of the job she did at the border and would be running on being the border are. But she's not. She's a fake and she's a fraud and she's a phony. She is the goer. Goes, goes are the gian of political candidates that was once reserved for Beto. That is now Kamala. You watch Ghostbusters. Remember Goer, goer.


The Gian is anything you think he is, that's Kamala Harris and the medias get letting her get away with it. Cue up for me. Cut nine. I want you to see another gem here. And by gem I mean like a pebble. Here's the Kamala Harris accent side by side. You're going to see how Kamala changes the way she speaks the cadence which she speaks depending on the audience she's in front of. Please Republican candidates if you're ever running for office, do not under any circumstances do this. How you talk is how you talk. How do we know that? Because we've got hours and hours of recorded video and audio on how you talk and you look like an idiot when you try to talk differently to try to be down or whatever in front of different people who sniff this out.


Check this out. You better thank a union member for sick leave. You better thank a union member for paid leave. You better. Thank a union member for vacation time. Thank unions for sick leave. Thank unions for paid family leave. Thank unions for your vacation time. Listen Avita, you And I obviously are not the same age. Okay, I'm just a tad bit older so I'm not like trying to be like the young cool down cat or anything like that. But when I was growing up and wasn't college, which probably isn't that different now.


Younger voters when I was young, especially younger, well not even forget voters, younger people in general sniff out bullshit from a mile away. This woman is a fake. There is no way this appeals to people in that demo. And they're like, oh that's really cool. Look at her. She sounds so down. Yeah, it's an interesting question 'cause you're seeing all this hype on social media, black girl, summer, Kamala, she's so much younger and cooler than Joe Biden. And. I really wonder if a lot of that is astroturfing. 'cause you're also seeing polling at the same time saying young people are in droves not identifying with the Democratic party. I think the code switching is really disingenuous. I think you're right. Young people can smell that out. They know when somebody is a fake and a fraud.


And it just in general, young people have been really disillusioned with the Democratic party and they're kind of politically homeless, which is why I think Republicans have a golden ticket opportunity to message to them at this moment. When Democrats have put forth some of the worst candidates in political history, Avita and Michael are good at this by the way. They sniff out ponies from a mile away. They have like phony antennas like for people. Night. Ding, ding, ding, ding. That guy's no good, that guy's no good. I love it. D 250,000 people soon. It hasn't even started yet. Tell me when we're ready to rock and roll with this debate. 'cause I don't want the audience here to miss anything. Do you see it? What are we The screen? Yeah, I see it in the prompter.


Yeah. Okay. Okay. And we'll, you're not gonna miss anything. Don't worry folks. I promise you we're gonna go right to it. 250. 251,000 and we have it. Okay, here we go. So let's go to the debate. Hopefully the audio and everything works. Okay, we got this thing. Jerry rigged to death here. Check this out. Face-to-face meeting ever A historic race for President Upended. Just weeks ago, president Biden withdrawing after his last debate, Donald Trump now up against a new opponent. The candidates separated by the smallest of margins, essentially tied in the polls nationally and in the key battlegrounds, including right here in Pennsylvania. All still very much in play. The A b, C news presidential debate starts right now.


This is an A BC news special. The most consequential moment of this campaign. Kamala Harris. Together We'll charge a new way forward. Donald Trump. We will soon be a great nation. Again, face to face, historic the A, BC news presidential debate here now. David Muer and Lindsey Davis. I know right Evening. I'm David Muer and thank you for joining us for tonight's a BC news, presidential debate. We wanna welcome viewers watching on A, B, C and around the world tonight. Vice President Kamala Harris and President Donald Trump are just moments away from taking the stage in this unprecedented race for president.


And I'm Lindsay Davis. Tonight's meeting could be the most consequential event of their campaigns with election day now less than two months away for Vice President Kamala Harris. This is her first debate since President Biden withdrew from the race on July 21st. Of course. That decision followed his debate against President Donald Trump in June. Since then, this race has taken on an entirely new dynamic. And that brings us to the rules of tonight's debate. 90 minutes with two commercial breaks, no topics or questions have been shared with the campaigns. The candidates will have two minutes to answer questions. And this is the clock. That's what they'll be seeing. Two minutes for rebuttals and one minute for all. We get it. We all know what a clock looks Like. The microphones will, you Don't have to show us the Clock turn to speak.


No pre-written notes allowed. There is no audience here tonight in this hall at the National Constitution Center. This is an intimate setting for two candidates who have never met. President Trump won the coin toss. He chose to deliver the final closing statement of the evening. Vice President Harris selected the podium to the right. So let's now welcome the Mini podium. Look at the mini podium. Well, Harris and President Donald Trump. You guys see the mini podium? Yeah, the Valle. She wanted to look at her. I think gonna shake hands. Does the shake happen? Oh look, it's gonna happen. Thank you. Welcome to You both there. She's at the mini podium's. An honor to have you both here tonight. Good evening. We are looking forward to a spirited and thoughtful.


It does. Look, I wanna begin tonight with the issue that voters repeatedly say is their number one issue. And that is the economy and the cost of living in this country. Vice President Harris, you and President Trump were elected four years ago and your opponent on the stage here tonight often asks his supporters, are you better off than you were four years ago When it comes to the economy, do you believe Americans are better off than they were four years ago? So I was raised as a middle class kid. And I am actually the only person on this stage who has a plan that is about lifting up the middle class and working people of America. I believe in the ambition, the aspirations, the dreams of the American people.


And that is why I imagine and have actually a plan to build what I call an opportunity economy. 'cause here's the thing, got a plan. We know that we have a a shortage of of homes and housing and the cost of housing is too expensive for far too many people. And who did that? We know that young families need support to raise their children. And I intend on extending a tax cut for those families of $6,000, which is the largest child tax credit that we have given in a long time. so that those young families can afford to buy a crib, buy a car seat, buy clothes for their children. I thought she was talking about MTV Cribs or something there. Passion. One of them is trying is small businesses. I was actually, my mother raised my sister and me, but there was a woman who helped raise us.


We call her our second mother. She was a small business owner. I love our small businesses. My plan is to give a $50,000 tax deduction to startups, small businesses knowing term, they're part of the backbone of America's economy. My opponent, on the other hand, his plan is to do what he has done before, which is to provide a tax cut for billionaires and big corporations, which will result in $5 trillion to America's deficit. My opponent has a plan that I call the Trump's sales tax, which would be a 20% tax on everyday goods that you rely on to get through the month. Economists have said that that Trump sales tax would actually result for middle class families in about $4,000 more a year because of his policies and his ideas about what should be the backs of middle class people paying for tax cuts for billionaires.


President Trump, I'll give you two minutes. First of all, I have no sales tax. That's an incorrect statement. She knows that we're doing tariffs on other countries. Other countries are gonna finally, after 75 years, pay us back for all that we've done for the world. And the tariff will be substantial In some cases. I took in billions and billions of dollars billion, as you know, from China. In fact, they never took the tariff off because it was so much money. They can't, it would totally destroy everything that they've set out to do. They're taking in billions of dollars from China and other places. They've left the tariffs on. When I had it, I had tariffs and yet I had no inflation. Look, we've had a terrible economy because inflation has, which is really known as it's a country buster.


It breaks up countries. We have inflation like very few people have ever seen before. Probably the worst in our nation's history. We were at 21%. But that's being generous because many things are 50, 60, 70, and 80% higher than they were just a few years ago. This has been a disaster for people for the middle class, but for every class. On top of that, we have millions of people pouring into our country from prisons and jails, from mental institutions and insane asylums. And they're coming in and they're taking jobs that are occupied right now by African Americans and Hispanics and also unions. Unions are gonna be affected very soon. And you see what's happening.


You see what's happening with towns throughout the United States. You look at Springfield, Ohio, you look at Aurora in Colorado. They are taking over the towns. They're taking over buildings, they're going in violently. These are the people that she and Biden led into our country and they're destroying our country. They're dangerous. They're at the highest level of criminality and we have to get 'em out. We have to get 'em out fast. I created one of the greatest economies in the history of our country. I'll do it again. And even better, We are gonna get to immigration and border security during this debate. But I would like to let Vice President Harris respond on the economy here. Well, I would love to.


Let's talk about what Donald Trump left us. Donald Trump left us the worst unemployment since the Great Depression. Donald Trump left us the worst public health epidemic in a century in Donald Trump. Left us the worst attack on our democracy since the Civil War. And what we have done is clean up Donald Trump's mess. What we have done and what I intend to do is build on what we know are the aspirations and the hopes of the American people. But I'm gonna tell you on this debate tonight, you're gonna hear from the same old, tired playbook, a bunch of lies, grievances, and name calling.


What you're gonna hear tonight is a detailed and dangerous plan called Project 2025 that the former president intends on implementing if he were elected to. Again, I believe very strongly that the American people want a president who understands the importance of bringing us together, knowing we have so much more in common than what separates us. And I pledge to you to be a president for all Americans. President Trump will give you a minute here to respond. Number one, I have nothing to do as you know, and as she knows better than anyone, I have nothing to do with Project 2025 that's out there. I haven't read it. I don't wanna read it purposely. I'm not going to read it. This was a group of people that got together.


They came up with some ideas. I guess some good, some bad. But it makes no difference. I have nothing to do. Everybody knows I'm an open book. Everybody knows what I'm gonna do. Cut taxes very substantially and create a great economy like I did before. We had the greatest economy. We got hit with a pandemic. And the pandemic was not since 1917 where a hundred million people died. Has there been anything like it? We did a phenomenal job with the pandemic. We handed them over a country where the economy and where the stock market was higher than it was before the pandemic came in. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. We made ventilators for the entire world. We got gowns, we got masks. We did things that nobody thought possible.


And people give me credit for rebuilding the military. They give me credit for a lot of things, but not enough credit for the great job we did with the pandemic. But the only jobs they got were bounce back jobs. These were jobs bounce back and it bounced back and it went to their benefit. But I was the one that created them. They know it. And so does everybody else. Vice President Harris, I'll let you respond. So Donald Trump has no plan for you. And when you look at his economic plan, it's all about tax breaks for the richest people. I am offering what I describe as an opportunity economy and the best economist in our country, if not the world, have reviewed our relative plans for the future of America.


What Goldman Sachs has said is that Donald Trump's plan would make the economy worse. Mine would strengthen the economy. What the Wharton School has said is Donald Trump's plan would actually explode the deficit. What private 16 Nobel Laureates have described his economic plan as something that would increase inflation and by the middle of next year would invite a recession. You just have to look at where we are and where we stand on the issues. And I'd invite you to know that Donald Trump actually has no plan for you because he is more interested in defending himself than he is in looking out for you. That's just a soundbite.


They gave her that to say, look, I went to the Wharton School of Finance and many of those professors, the top professors think my plan is a brilliant plan. It's a great plan. It's a plan that's gonna bring up our, our worth, our value as a country. It's gonna make people wanna be able to go and work and create jobs and create a lot of good solid money for our co, for our country. Just to finish off, she doesn't have a plan. She copied Biden's plan and it's like four sentences, like run, spot run, four sentences that he just, oh, we'll try and lower taxes. She doesn't have a plan. Take a look at her plan. She doesn't have a plan.


Mr. President, I do wanna drill down on something you both brought up. The vice president brought up your tariffs, you responded, and let's drill down on this because your plan is, what she calls is essentially a national sales tax. Your proposal calls for tariffs, as you pointed out here on foreign imports across the board. You recently said that you might double your plan imposing tariffs up to 20% on goods coming into this country. As you know, many economists say that with tariffs at that level, costs are then passed on to the consumer. Vice President Harris has argued it'll mean higher prices on gas, food, clothing, medication, arguing. It costs the typical family nearly $4,000 a year. Do you believe Americans can afford higher prices because of tariffs? They're not Gonna have higher prices.


What's gonna have and who's going to have higher prices, is China and all of the countries that have been ripping us off for years. I charge, I was the only president ever. China was paying us hundreds of billions of dollars. And so were other countries. And you know, if she doesn't like them, they should have gone out and they should have immediately cut the tariffs. But those tariffs are there three and a half years now under their administration, we are gonna take in billions of dollars, hundreds of billions of dollars. I had no inflation. Virtually no inflation. They had the highest inflation perhaps in the history of our country because I've never seen a worse period of time. People can't go out and buy cereal or bacon or eggs or anything else.


These, the people of our country are absolutely dying with what they've done. They've destroyed the economy. And all you have to do is look at a poll. The polls say 80 and 85 and even 90% that the Trump economy was great, that their economy was terrible. Vice President Harris, I do wanna ask for your response. And you heard what the president said there because the Biden administration did keep a, a number of the Trump tariffs in place. So how do you respond? Well, let's be clear that the Trump administration resulted in a trade deficit. One of the highest we've ever seen in the history of America. He invited trade wars. You wanna talk about his deal with China. What he ended up doing is under Donald Trump's presidency, he ended up selling American chips to China to help them improve and modernize their military.


Basically sold us out when a policy about China should be in making sure the United States of America wins the competition for the 21st century. Which means focusing on the details of what that requires, focusing on relationships with our allies, focusing on investing in American based technology so that we win the race on ai, on quantum computing, focusing on what we need to do to support America's workforce so that we don't end up having the on the short end of the stick in terms of workers' rights. But what Donald Trump did, let's talk about this with COVID, is he actually thanked President Xi for what he did during Covid.


Look at his tweet. Thank you President Xi exclamation point. When we know that Xi was responsible for lacking and not giving us transparency about the origins of Covid President Trump, I'll let you respond. First Of all, they bought their chips from Taiwan. We hardly make chips anymore because of philosophies like they have and policies like they have. I don't say her because she has no policy. Everything that she believed three years ago and four years ago is out the window. She's going To my philosophy now. In fact, I was gonna send her a MAGA hat. She's gone To my philosophy. But if she ever got elected, she'd change it. And it will be the end of our country.


She's a Marxist. Everybody knows she's a Marxist. Her father's a Marxist professor in economics and he taught her well. But when you look at what she's done to our country, and when you look at these millions and millions of people that are pouring into our country monthly where it's I believe 21 million people, not the 15 that people say And I think it's a lot higher than the 21 that's bigger than New York state pouring in. And just look at what they're doing to our country. They're criminals. Many of these people coming in are criminals. And that's bad for our economy too. You know, you mentioned before, we'll talk about immigration later. Well, bad immigration is the worst thing that can happen to our economy. They have and she has destroyed our country with policy.


That's insane. Almost policy that you'd say they have to hate our country. President Trump. Thank you Lindsey. I wanna turn to the issue of abortion. President Trump, you've often touted that you were able to kill Roe v. Wade last year. You said that you were proud to be the most pro-life president in American history. Then last month you said that your administration would be great for women and their reproductive rights in your home state of Florida. You surprised many with regard to your six week abortion ban because you initially had said that it was too short and you said quote, I'm gonna be voting that we need more than six weeks. But then the very next day you reversed course and said you would vote to support the six week ban.


Vice President Harris says that women shouldn't trust you on the issue of, of abortion because you've changed your position so many times. Therefore, why should they trust you? Well, the reason I'm doing that vote is because the plan is, as you know, the vote is they have abortion in the ninth month. They even have, and you can look at the governor of West Virginia, the previous governor of West Virginia, not the current governor's doing an excellent job, but the governor before he said, the baby will be born and we will decide what to do with the baby. In other words, we'll execute the baby. And that's why I did that. Because that predominates, because they're radical. The Democrats are radical in that.


And her vice presidential pick, which I think is a horrible pick by the way for our country, 'cause he is really out of it. But her vice presidential pick says abortion in the ninth month is absolutely fine. He also says execution after birth, it's execution. No longer abortion because the baby is born is okay. And that's not okay with me, hence the vote. But what I did is something for 52 years they've been trying to get Roe v Wade into the states. And through the genius and and heart and strength of six Supreme Court justices, we were able to do that. Now I believe in the exceptions for rape, incest, and life of the mother, I believe strongly.


And it, Ronald Reagan did also. 85% of Republicans do exceptions. Very important. But we were able to get it. And now states are voting on it. And for the first time, you're gonna see, look, this is a, an issue that's torn our country apart. For 52 years. Every legal scholar, every Democrat, every republican, liberal, conservative, they all wanted this issue to be brought back to the states where the people could vote. And that's what happened, happened. Now Ohio, the vote was somewhat liberal. Kansas, the vote was somewhat liberal, much more liberal than people would've thought. But each individual state is voting.


It's the vote of the people now. It's not tied up in the federal government. I did a great service in doing it. It took courage to do it. And the Supreme Court had great courage in doing it. And I give tremendous credit to those six justices. There is no state in this country where it is legal to kill a baby after it's born. Madam Vice President wanna get your response to President Trump? Well, As I said, you're gonna hear a bunch of lies, and that's not actually a surprising fact. Let's understand how we got here. Donald Trump hand selected three members of the United States Supreme Court with the intention that they would undo the protections of Roe v. Wade. And they did exactly as he intended. And now in over 20 states, there are Trump abortion bans, which make it criminal for a doctor or nurse to provide healthcare in one state.


It provides prison for life. Trump abortion bans that make no exception, even for rape and incest, which understand what that means. A survivor of a crime, a violation to their body, does not have the right to make a decision about what happens to their body next. That is immoral. And one does not have to abandon their faith or deeply held beliefs to agree the government and Donald Trump certainly should not be telling a woman what to do with her body. I have talked with women around our country. You wanna talk about this is what people wanted, pregnant women who want to carry a pregnancy to term suffering from a miscarriage being denied care in an emergency room because the healthcare providers are afraid they might go to jail and she's bleeding out in a car in the parking lot.


She didn't want that. Her husband didn't want that. A 12 or 13-year-old survivor of incest being forced to carry a pregnancy to term, they don't want that And I pledge to you. When Congress passes a bill to put back in place the protections of Roe v. Wade as President of the United States, I will proudly sign it into law. But understand if Donald Trump were to be reelected, he will sign a national abortion ban. Understand in his project 2025, there would be a national abortion, a monitor that would be monitoring your pregnancies, your miscarriages.


I think the American people believe that certain freedoms in particular, the freedom to make decisions about one's own body should not be made by the government. Thank you. Vice President Harris. Well, There she goes again. It's a lie. I'm not signing a ban and there's no reason to sign a ban because we've gotten what everybody wanted, Democrats, Republicans and everybody else, and every legal scholar wanted it to be brought back into the states. And the states are voting, and it may take a little time, but for 52 years, this issue has torn our country apart and they've wanted it back in the States. And I did something that nobody thought was possible.


The states are now voting what she says is an absolute lie. And as far as the abortion ban, no, I'm not in favor of abortion ban, but it doesn't matter because this issue has now been taken over by the States. Would you veto a NA National abortion ban if it came to Us? Well, I won't have to, because again, two things. Number one, she said she'll go back to Congress, she'll never get the vote. It's impossible for her to get the vote. Especially now with the 50 50 and essentially 50 50 in both Senate and the House. She's not gonna get the vote. She can't get the vote. She won't even come close to it. So it's just talk. You know what it reminds me of when they said they're gonna get student loans terminated and it ended up being a total catastrophe.


The student loans and then her, I, I think probably her boss, if you call him a boss, he spends all his time on the beach. But look, her boss went out and said, we'll do it again. We'll do it a different way. He went out, got rejected again by the Supreme Court. So all these students got taunted with this whole thing about this whole idea and how unfair that would've been. Part of the reason they lost to the millions and millions of people that had to pay off their student loans. They didn't get it for free. But they were saying it's the same way that they talked about that. That they talk about abortion. But if I could just get a yes or no because you're running, mate, Janet, JD Vance has said that you would veto if it did come to your desk.


Well, I didn't discuss it with jd. In all fairness, JD And, I don don't mind if he has a certain view, but I think he was speaking for me, but I really didn't Look, we don't have to discuss it because she'd never be able to get it. Just like she couldn't get student loans. They couldn't get student loans, they didn't even come close to getting student loans. They taunted young people and a lot of other people that had loans, they can never get this approved So. it doesn't matter what she says about going to Congress. So wonderful, let's go to Congress, do it. But the fact is that for years they wanted to get it out of Congress and out of the federal government. And we did something that everybody said couldn't be done. And now you have a vote of the people on abortion. Vice President Harris wanna give you your time to respond, but I do wanna ask, would you support any restrictions on a woman's right to an abortion?


I absolutely support reinstating the protections of Roe v. Wade. And as you rightly mentioned, nowhere in America is a woman carrying a pregnancy to term an and and asking for an abortion. That is not happening. It's insulting to the women of America and understand what has been happening under Donald Trump's abortion bans. Couples who pray and, and, and, and dream of having a family, family tomorrow are being denied. IVF treatments, what is happening in our country? Working people, working women are working one or two jobs. Oh, who can barely afford childcare as it is, have to travel to another state to get on a plane sitting next to strangers to go and get the healthcare she needs.


Folks, she, she's full of shit. And I. Just want you to know that it And what you're to interrupt. But she's Absolutely full of shit. Unconscionable and the people of America. There's video of it. I'm gonna show it to you mom. The majority of Americans believe in a woman's right to make decisions about her own body. And that is why in every state, state, I'm Not talking about the north Issue has been on the ballot in red and blue states. Both the people of America have voted for freedom. Vice President State, excuse me, have to respond. Another lie. It's another lie. I have been a leader on IVF, which which is fertilization. The IVF. I have been a leader. In fact, when they got a very negative decision on IVF from the Alabama courts, I saw the people of Alabama and the legislature two days later voted it in.


I've been a leader on it. They know that and everybody else knows it. I have been a leader on fertilization IVF and the other thing they have not. You should ask, will she allow abortion in the eighth month, ninth month, seventh month? Come on. Okay. Would you do that? Don't you ask her that question? Why don't you answer S question? Would you need to 'cause under Roe v Wade? Answer the question Because You won't answer. You could do abortions in the seventh month, the eighth month, the ninth month. That's not true. And probably after birth, just look at the governor, former governor of of Virginia, the Governor of Virginia said, we put the baby aside and then we determine what we wanna do with the baby President Trump. Thank you. We're gonna turn now to immigration and border security.


We know it's an issue that's important to Republicans, Democrats, voters across the board in this country. Vice President Harris. You were tasked by President Biden with getting to the root causes of migration from Central America. We know that illegal border crossings reached a record high in the Biden administration this past June. President Biden imposed tough new asylum restrictions. We know the numbers since then have dropped significantly. But my question to you tonight is why did the administration wait until six months before the election to act? And would you have done anything differently from President Biden on this? So I'm the only person on this stage who has prosecuted transnational criminal organizations to the trafficking of guns, drugs, and human beings.


And lemme say that the United States Congress, including some of the most conservative members of the United States Senate, came up with a border security bill that is a defund. The Policer And I supported Big prosecutor hasn't prosecuted And I. Bill would've put 1500 more border agents on the border to help those folks who are working there right now over time trying to do their job. It would have allowed us to stem the flow of fentanyl coming into the United States. I know there are so many families watching tonight who have been personally affected by the surge of fentanyl in our country, that Bill would've put more resources to allow us to prosecute transnational criminal organizations for trafficking in guns, drugs in human beings.


But you know what happened to that bill? Donald Trump got on the phone, called up some folks in Congress and said, kill the bill. And you know why? Yeah, because it Sucked. 'cause he'd prefer to run on a problem instead of fixing a problem. And understand, this comes at a time where the people of our country actually need a leader who engages in solutions, who actually addresses the problems at hand. But what we have in the former president is someone who would prefer to run on a problem instead of fixing a problem. And I'll tell you something, he's gonna talk about immigration a lot tonight, even when it's not the subject that is being raised. And I'm gonna actually do something really unusual and I'm gonna invite you to attend one of Donald Trump's rallies.


'cause it's a really interesting thing to watch. You'll see during the course of his rallies, he talks about fictional characters like Hannibal Lecter. He will talk about windmills cause cancer. And what you will also notice is that people start leaving his rallies early out of exhaustion and boredom. And I will tell you the one thing. You will not hear him talk about. What is you? Is she talking? You will not hear him talk about your needs, your dreams, and your need and your desires. And I, she's again, she rehearsed a thousand times. And I deserve a president who actually puts you first And I pledge to you that I will Vice President Harris. Thank you President Trump on that point. I wanna get your response. Well, I would like to respond. Let me just ask though, why did my in-laws are out a Trump rally w Wisconsin successfully?


so that would've put thousands of additional agents and officers on the Board. She told me the first time we respond is to the rallies. She said, people start leaving. People don't go to her rallies. There's no reason to go. And the people that do go, she's busting them in and paying them to be there and then showing them in a different light. So she can't talk about that. People don't leave my rallies. We have the biggest rallies, the most incredible rallies in the history of politics. That's because people want to take their country back. Our country is being lost. We're a failing nation. And it happened three and a half years ago. And what, what's going on here? You're gonna end up in World War iii just to go into another subject, what they have done to our country by allowing these millions and millions of people to come into our country and look at what's happening to the towns all over the United States.


And a lot of towns don't want to talk. It's not gonna be Aurora or Springfield. A lot of towns don't want to talk about it because they're so embarrassed by it in Springfield. They're eating the dogs, the people that came in, they're eating the cats, they're eating, they're eating the pets of the people that live there. And this is what's happening in our country. And it's a shame as far as rallies are concerned, as far as the reason they go is they like what I say. They wanna bring our country back. They wanna make America great again. It's very simple phrase, make America great again. She's destroying this country. And if she becomes president, this country doesn't have a chance of success.


Not only success, it faces will end up being Venezuela on steroids. I just wanna clarify here. You bring up Springfield, Ohio a and ABC News did reach out to the city manager there. He told us there had been no credible reports of specific claims of pets being harmed, injured, or abused By individuals. The Federalist reported on it tonight, community. It's People on television. Check this right now. Federalist Up. Say my dog was taken and used for food. So maybe he said that. And maybe that's a good thing to say for a city manager. I'm not taking this from television, But the people are television taking it from the city manager. Dog was eaten by the people that went there. Again, the Springfield city manager says there's no evidence of that. Vice President Harris, I'll let you respond to the rest of what you've heard.


I think you talk about extreme. You know, I, this is, I think one of the reasons why is this election. I actually have the endorsement of 200 Republicans who have formally worked with President Bush, Mitt Romney and John McCain, including the endorsement of former Vice President Dick Cheney and Congress member Liz Cheney. And if you wanna really know the inside track on who the former president is, if he didn't make it clear already, just ask people who have worked with him. His former chief of staff, GOP, folks of four Star General, has said he is contempt for the constitution of the United States.


His former national security advisor has said he's dangerous and unfit, his former Secretary of Defense has said the nation, the republic would never survive another Trump term. And when we listen to this kind of rhetoric, when the issues that affect the American people are not being addressed, I think the choice is clear in this election. President Trump, I'll give you a quick minute to respond here. Yeah, Thank you. Because when I hear that, see I'm a different kind of a person. I fired most of those people, not so graciously they did bad things or a bad job. I fired 'em. They never fired one person.


They didn't fire anybody having to do with Afghanistan. And the Taliban and the 13 people whose, whose were just killed viciously and violently killed And, I got to know the parents and the family. They didn't fire. They should have fired all those generals, all those top people because that was one of the most incompetently handled situations anybody has ever seen. So when somebody does a bad job, I fire him. And you take a guy like Esper, he was no good. I fired him. So he writes a book. Another one writes a book because with me they can write books with nobody else can they? But they have done such a poor job and they never fire anybody. Look at the economy. Look how, look at the inflation.


They didn't fire any of their economists. They have the same people. That's a good way not to have books written about you. But just to finish, I got more votes than any Republican in history by far. In fact, I got more votes than any president, sitting president in history by far. Let me continue on immigration. It was what you wanted to talk about earlier. So let's get back to your deportation proposal that the vice President has reacted to as well. President Trump, you call this the largest domestic deportation operation in the history of our country. You say you would use the National Guard, you say if things get outta control, you'd have no problem using the US military with local police. Yes. You also said you would use local police.


How would you deport 11 million undocumented immigrants? I know you, you believe that number I is much higher. Take us through this. What does this look like? Will authorities be going door to door in this country? Yeah, It is much higher because of them. They allowed criminals, many, many millions of criminals. They allowed terrorists, they allowed common street criminals. They allowed people to come in, drug dealers to come into our country. And they're now in the United States and told by their countries like Venezuela, don't ever come back or we're going to kill you. Do you know that crime in Venezuela and crime in countries all over the world is way down. You know why?


Because they've taken their criminals off the street and they've given them to her to put into our country. And this will be one of the greatest mistakes in history for them to allow And, I think they probably did it 'cause they think they're gonna get votes, but it's not worth it because they're, they're destroying the fabric of our country by what they've done. There's never been anything done like this at all. They've destroyed the fabric of our country. Millions of people let in and all over the world. Crime is down all over the world except here. Crime here is up and through the roof, despite their fraudulent statements that they made. Crime in this country is through the roof. And we have a new form of crime.


It's called migrant crime. And it's happening at levels that nobody thought possibly President Trump, as you know, the FBI says, overall violent crime is actually coming down in this country. But Vice President Harris, The FBI de bullshit does everyone common the worst cities, they prove the cities with the worst crime. It was a a fraud. Just like there are number of 818,000 jobs that they said they created turned out to be a fraud President Trump. Thank you. I'll let you respond. Vice President Harris. Well, I think this is so rich coming from someone who has been prosecuted for national security crimes, economic crimes, election interference has been found liable for sexual assault.


And his next big court appearance is in November at his own criminal sentencing. And let's be clear where each person stands on the issue of what is important about respect for the rule of law and respect for law enforcement. The former vice president called for defunding federal law enforcement. 45,000 agents get this on the day after he was arraigned on 34 felony counts. So let's talk about what is important in this race. It is important that we move forward, that we turn the page on the page on on same old tired rhetoric address to Harris Walls.


The needs of the American people address what we need to do about the housing shortage, which I have a plan for. Address what we must do To support our Small, small businesses address, bringing down the price of groceries. But frankly, the American people are exhausted with this same old, tired playbook. Vice President Harris, thank you. Excuse me. Every one of those cases was started by them against their political opponent. And I'm winning most of them. And I will win the rest on appeal. And you saw that with a decision that came down just recently from the Supreme Court. I'm winning most of them. But those are cases, it's called Weaponization Never happened in this country. They weaponized the Justice Department.


Every one of those cases was involved with the DOJ from Atlanta and NY Willis to, to the Attorney General of New York and the DA in New York. Every one of those cases. And then they say, oh, he was, he's a criminal. They're the ones that made them go after me. By the way, Joe Biden was found essentially guilty on the documents case. And what happened in my documents case, they said, oh, that's the toughest of them all. A complete and total victory two months ago. It was thrown out, it's weaponization and they used it and it's never happened in this country. They used it to try and win an election. President Trump their fake cases.


President Trump. Thank you. A really quick response here, vice President Harris on this notion of weaponization of the Justice Department. Well, let's talk about extreme and understand the context in which this election in 2024 is taking place. The United States Supreme Court recently rule that the former president would essentially be immune from any misconduct if he were to enter the White House. Again, understand, this is someone who has openly said he would terminate, I'm quoting, terminate the Constitution of the United States. That he would weaponize the Department of Justice against his political enemies. Someone who has openly expressed disdain for members of our military understand what it would mean if Donald Trump were back in the White House with no guardrails.


Because certainly we know now the court won't stop him. We know JD Vance is not gonna stop him. It's up to the American people. Vice President Harris to stop him. Thank you Lindsay. Vice President Harris, in your last run for president. Weaponized, Please. We gotta, this is the one that weaponized not me. She weaponized. I probably took a bullet to the head because of the things that they say about me. They talk about democracy. I'm a threat to democracy. They're the threat to democracy. P Trump was fake. Russia. Russia, Russia, investigation. We do have a lot to get. That went nowhere. We have a lot to get to Lindsay. Vice President Harris. In your last run for president, you said you wanted to ban fracking. Now you don't. You wanted mandatory government buyback programs for assault weapons.


Now your campaign says you don't. You supported decriminalizing border crossings. Now you're taking a harder line. I know you say that your values have not changed. So then why have so many of your policy positions changed? So my values have not changed. And I'm gonna discuss every one of the, at least every point that you've made. But in particular, let's talk about fracking. 'cause we're here in Pennsylvania. I made that very clear. In 2020, I will not ban fracking. I have not, did not ban fracking, say the United States. And in fact I was the tie breaking vote on this. They're not gonna reduction act, not gonna fact checker, which with new leases for fracking, my position is we have got to invest in diverse sources of energy.


So we reduce our reliance on foreign oil. We have had the largest increase in domestic oil production in history because of an approach that recognizes that we cannot over rely on foreign Private Lands as it relates To My Values. Lemme tell you, I grew up a middle class kid raised by a hardworking mother who worked and saved and was able to buy our first home when I was a teenager. The values I bring to the importance of home ownership, Don, knowing not everybody got handed $400 million on a silver platter and then filed bankruptcy six times is a value that I bring To my work to say we are going to work with the private sector and home builders to increase 3 million homes increased by 3 million homes by the end of my first term.


My work that is related to having a friend when I was in high school who was sexually assaulted by her stepfather. And my focus then on protecting women and children from violent crime is based on a value that is deeply grounded in the importance of standing up for those who are most vulnerable. My work that is about protecting social security and Medicare is based on longstanding work that I have done protecting seniors from scams my values scams have not changed like Kamala Harris. And what is scam is that there is a president who actually brings values and a perspective that is about lifting people. Shes address. Address none of this. Keep In mind this and not beating none of this people down and name calling.


The true measure of the leader is the leader who actually understands the strength is not in beating people down. It's in lifting people up. I intend to be that president, President Trump your Well, First of all, I wasn't given democracy million dollars. I wish I was. My father was a Brooklyn builder, Brooklyn Queens and a great father, And I learned a lot from him. But I was given a fraction of that. A tiny fraction. And I built it into many, many billions of dollars. Many, many billions. And when people see it, they are even surprised. So we don't have to talk about that fracking. She's been against it for 12 years. Defund the police. She's been against that forever. She gave all that stuff up very wrongly, very horribly.


And everybody's laughing at it, okay? They're all laughing at it. She gave up at least 12 and probably 14 or 15 different policies. Like she was big on defund the police in Minnesota. She went out, wait a minute, I'm talking now. She did it. Does that sound familiar? She went out awesome. She went out in Minnesota and wanted to let criminals that killed people that burned down Minneapolis. She didn't like that. She went out and raised money to get 'em out of jail, stole. She did things that nobody would ever think of. Now she wants to do transgender operations on illegal aliens that are in prison.


This is a radical left liberal that would do this. She wants to confiscate your guns and she will never allow fracking in Pennsylvania. This is the fact, if she won the election, this is moment fracking in Pennsylvania will end on day one. Just to finish one thing, so important in my opinion. So I got the oil business going like nobody has ever done before. They took, when they took over, they got rid of it, started getting rid of it, and the prices were going up the roof. They immediately let these guys go to where they were. I would've been five times, four times, five times higher because you're talking about three and a half years ago. They got it up to where I was because they had no choice because the prices of energy were were quadrupling and doubling.


You saw what happened to gasoline. So they said, let's go back to Trump. But if she won the election the day after that election, they'll go back to destroying our country and oil will be dead. Fossil fuel will be dead. We'll go back to windmills and we'll go back to solar where they need a whole desert to get some energy to come out. You ever see a solar plant, by the way? I'm a big fan of solar, but they take 400 Trump, 500 acres of desert soil. President Trump, we have a lot of issues are not good things that for the environment that she understands time. Thank you Lindsay. Thank you. We have an election in just 56 days. And And I wanna talk about the peaceful transfer of power, which Of course we all know is a cornerstone of our democracy and the role of a president in a moment of crisis.


Mr. President, on January 6th, you told your supporters to march to the Capitol. You said you would be right there with them. The country and the world saw what played out of the capitol that day. The officers coming under attack be January 6th. Prisoners watched it unfold on television off the Oval Office. You did send out tweets, but it was more than two hours before you sent out that video message telling your supporters to go home. Is there anything you regret about what you did on that day? You just said a thing that isn't covered peacefully and patriotically. I said during my speech, not later on. Yes, good for you. Peacefully and patriotically and nobody on the other side was killed. Ashley Babbitt was shot by an out of control police officer that should have never ever shot her.


It's a disgrace. But we didn't do this group of people that have been treated so badly. I ask, what about all the people that are pouring into our country and killing people that she allowed to pour in? She was the bozar. Remember that? She was the border deza. She doesn't want to be called the boza because she's embarrassed by the board effect. She said at the beginning, oh, I'm surprised you're not talking about the board yet. That's because she knows what a bad job they've done. What about those people? What's what? Are they gonna be prosecuted? When are these people from countries all over the world, not just South America. They're coming in from all over the world, David, all over the world. And crime rates are down all over the world because of it.


But lemme just ask you, but one of those, David, one of those people gonna be prosecuted, one of the people that burned down Minneapolis gonna be prosecuted or in Seattle? They went into Seattle. They took over a big percentage of the city of Seattle. One of those people gonna be prosecuted, crushing her. But lemme just ask you, you might ask her that question. You, you were the president. You were watching it unfold on television. It's a very simple question. As we move forward toward another election, is there anything you regret about what you did on that day? Yes. Or I had nothing to do with that other than they asked me to make a speech. I showed up for a speech. I said, I think it's gonna be big. I went to Nancy Pelosi and the mayor of Washington DC and the mayor put it back in writing as you know.


I said, You know this is gonna be a very big rally or whatever you want to call it. And again, it wasn't done by me, it was done by others. I said, I'd like to give you 10,000 National Guard or soldiers. They rejected me. Nancy Pelosi rejected me. It was just two weeks ago. Her daughter has a tape of her saying she is fully responsible for what happened. They wanna get rid of that tape. It would've never happened if Nancy Pelosi and the Mayor of Washington did their jobs. I wasn't responsible for security respons. Nancy Pelosi was responsible. She didn't do her job. The question was about you as president, not about former Speaker Pelosi. But I do want Vice President Harris to respond here.


I was at the Capitol on January 6th. I was the vice president elect. I was also an acting senator. I was there. And on that day, the president of the United States incited a violent mob to attack our nation's capitol, to desecrate our nation's capitol. On that day, 140 law enforcement officers were injured and some died. And understand the former president has been indicted and impeached for exactly that reason. But this is not an isolated situation. Let's remember Charlottesville where there was, now we got the Charlotte.


There was of people carrying tiki torches, spew anti-Semitic hate. And what did the president talk about? Anti, she's going there. Were fine people on each. There we go There we GOP folks, Let's remember, Can we please get the Snopes? Find people When it came to the Proud Boys, a militia For the moron, liberals watching The president said, the former president said, Stand Kamala. Harris was not at the Capitol, folks. He was inside the DC when It happened. So for everyone watching, who remembers what January 6th was, I say, we don't have to go back. Let's not go back. We're not going back. It's time to turn the page. And if that was a bridge too far for you, well there is a place in our campaign for you to stand.


No, no, there isn't. For country to stand, for our democracy to stand for rule of law and to end the chaos. Yeah. And to end, right? Sure. The approach that is about attacking the foundations of our democracy. 'cause you don't like the outcome. And be clear on that point. Donald Trump, the candidate has said in this election there will be a bloodbath. Thank you. If this and the outcome of this BC Fact check on this, right? No fact checks on folks. Let's turn back. Let's GOP folks. Bill has made that up to find people. Host, let's chart Of course for the future and not go backwards to the past. Let me just follow up here.


It was a different term and it was a term that related to energy because they have destroyed our energy business. That was where bloodbath was also on Charlottesville. That story has been, as you would say, debunked Laura Ingram, Sean Hannity, Jesse, all of these people, they covered it. If they go an extra sentence, they will see it was perfect. It was debunked in almost every newspaper. But they still bring it up just like they bring 20, 25 up. They bring all of this stuff up. I ask you this, you talk about the Capitol. Why are we allowing these millions of people to come through on the southern border? How come she's not doing anything And? I'll tell you what I would do, And I would be very proud to do it.


I would say we would both leave this debate right now. I'd like to see her go down to Washington DC during this debate. 'cause we're wasting a lot of time. Go down to, 'cause she's been so bad, it's so ridiculous. Go down to Washington DC and let her sign a bill to close up the border because they have the right to do it. They don't need bills. They have the right to do it. The president of the United States, you'll get 'em out of bed. You'll wake 'em up at four o'clock in the afternoon. You'll say, come on, come on down to the office. Let's sign a bill. If he, if he signs a bill that the border is closed, all he has to do is say it to the border patrol who are phenomenal. If they do that, the border is closed. Mr. President, those people are killing many people.


Unlike J six. We talked immigration here tonight. I do want to focus on this next issue to both of you because, because it really brings us this into focus very Good In these times that we're living in very strong, Mr. President, for three and a half years after you lost the 2020 election, you repeatedly, falsely claimed that you won many times saying you won in a landslide. In the past couple of weeks leading up to this debate, you have said, quote, you lost via whisker that you quote didn't quite make it, that you came up a little bit short. I said that, are you now acknowledging that you lost in 2020? No, I don't acknowledge that at all. Say that you said that sarcastically. You know that. And we said, oh, we lost by a whisker that was said sarcastically. Look, there's so much proof. All you have to do is look at it and they should have sent it back to the legislatures for approval.


I got almost 75 million votes. The most votes any sitting president has ever gotten. I was told if I got 63, which was what I got in 2016, you can't be beaten. The election people should never be thinking about. An election is fraudulent. We need two things. We need walls. We need and we have to have it. We have to have borders, and we have to have good elections. Our elections are bad. And a lot of these illegal immigrants coming in, they're trying to get them to vote. They can't even speak English. They don't even know what country they're in practically. And these people are trying to get them to vote. And that's why they're allowing them to come into our country. I did watch all of these pieces of video. I I didn't detect the sarcasm lost by whisker.


We didn't quite make it. And we should just point out here as clarification and You know this, you and your allies, 60 cases in front of many judges, many of them Republican. No judge looked at it and said there was no, we didn't have standing. It was a standing issue, David. We didn't, didn't have technicality. Can you imagine a system where a person in an election doesn't have standing, the president of the United States doesn't have standing. That's how we lost. If you look at the facts, And, I'd love to have you. You'll do a special on it. I'll show you Georgia, and I'll show you Wisconsin and I'll show you Pennsylvania and I'll show you. We have so many facts and statistics, but you know what? That doesn't matter because we have to solve the problem that we have right now.


That's old news. And the problem that we have right now is we have a nation in decline. Yes. And they have put it into decline. We have a nation that is dying. David, Mr. President, thank you. Vice President Harris. You heard the president there tonight. He said he didn't say that, that he lost by whisker. So he still believes he did not lose the election that was won by President Biden and yourself. But I do wanna ask you about something that's come up in the last couple of days. This was a post from President Trump, a about this upcoming election just weeks away. He said, when I win, those people who cheated, and then he lists donors, voters, election officials, he says, will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law, which will include long-term prison sentences.


One of your campaigns, top lawyers responded saying, we won't let Donald Trump intimidate us. We won't let him suppress the vote. Is that what you believe he's trying to do here? Oh my question. Donald Trump was fired by 81 million people. So let's be clear about that. And clearly he is having a very difficult time processing that. But we cannot afford to have a president of the United States who attempts, as he did in the past, to upend the will of the voters in a free and fair election. And I'm gonna tell you that I, I have traveled the world as vice President of the United States.


And world leaders are laughing at Donald Trump. She hasn't been to the border. I have talked with military leaders, some of whom worked with you, and they say you are a disgrace. And when you then talk in this way in a presidential debate and deny, as soon as The Biden White House over and over again are court cases, you have lost because you did in fact lose that election. It leads one to believe that perhaps we do not have in the candidate To my right, the temperament or, or the ability to not be confused about fact that's deeply troubling. And the American people deserve better. I'll give you one minute to respond, Mr.


President, let me just tell you about world leaders. Victor Orban, one of the most respected men. They call him a strong man. He's a, he's a tough person, smart prime minister of Hungary. They said, why is the whole world blowing up three years ago? It wasn't. Why is it blowing up? He said, because you need Trump back as president. They were afraid of him. China was afraid. And, I don't like to use the word afraid, but I'm just quoting him. China was afraid of him. North Korea was afraid of him. Look at what's going on with North Korea. By the way, he said Russia was afraid of him. I ended the Nord Stream two pipeline and Biden put it back on day one. But he ended the XL pipeline.


The XL pipeline in our country. He ended that. But he let the Russians build a pipeline going all over Europe and heading into Germany, the biggest pipeline in the world. Look, Victor Orban said it. He said, the most respected, most feared person is Donald Trump. We had no problems when Trump was president, but when this weak, pathetic man that you saw at a debate just a few months ago that if you weren't in that debate, he'd be running instead of hers. She got no votes. He got 14 million votes. What you did, you talk about a threat to democracy. He got 14 million votes and this, but they threw him out of office. And you know what? I'll give you a little secret.


He hates her. He can't stand her president. But he got 14 million votes. They threw 'em out. She got zero votes. And when she ran, she was the first one to leave because she failed. And now she's running. I don't understand it, but I'm okay with it because President P, your time is up. Thank, I think, think we're gonna do very well. We've got a lot more to get Too. Turning now to the Israel Hamas War and the hostages who are still being held Americans among them. Vice President Harris. In December, you said quote, Israel has a right to defend itself, but you added quote, it matters how saying international humanitarian law must be respected. Israel must do more to protect innocent civilians. You said that nine months ago now an estimated 40,000 Palestinians are dead.


Nearly 100 hostages remain. Just last week, prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said there's not a deal in the making. President Biden has not been able to break through the stalemate. How would you do it? Well, let's understand how we got here. On October seven, Hamas, a terrorist organization slaughtered 1200 Israelis. Many of them young people who were simply attending a concert. Women were horribly raped. And so absolutely, I said, then I say, now, Israel has a right to defend itself. We would. And how it does so matters because it is also true.


Far too many innocent Palestinians have been killed. Children, mothers. What we know is that this war must end. It must when end immediately. And the way it will end is we need a ceasefire deal and we need the hostages out. And so we will continue to work around the clock on that work around the clock. Also understanding that we must chart a course for a two state solution. And in that solution, there must be security for the Israeli people and Israel, and an equal measure for the Palestinians. But the one thing I will assure you, always, I will always give Israel the ability to defend itself in particular as it relates to, as it relates to Iran.


And any threat that Iran and its proxies pose to Israel. But we must have a two-state solution where we can rebuild Gaza, where the Palestinians have security self, self-determination, and the dignity. They so rightly deserve President Trump. How would you negotiate with Netanyahu and also Hamas in order to get the hostages out and prevent the killing of more innocent civilians in Gaza, If I were president, it would've never started. If I were president, Russia would've never, ever, I know Putin very well. He would've never. And there was no threat of it either, by the way, for four years, have gone into Ukraine and killed millions of people.


When you add it up and far worse than people understand what's going on over there. But when she mentions about Israel, all of a sudden she hates Israel. She wouldn't even meet with Netanyahu. When he went to Congress to make a very important speech, she refused to be there. 'cause she was at a sorority party of hers. She wanted to go to the sorority party. True. She hates Israel. If she's president, I believe that Israel will not exist within two years from now. And I've been pretty good at predictions. And I. Hope I'm wrong about that one. She hates Israel at the same time in her own way. She hates the Arab population because the whole place is gonna get blown up.


Arabs, Jewish people, Israel. Israel will be gone. It would've never happened. Iran was broke under Donald Trump. Now Iran has $300 billion because they took off all the sanctions that I had. Iran had no money for Hamas or Hezbollah or any of the 28 different spheres of terror. And they are spheres of terror. Horrible terror. They had no money. It was a big story. And you know it. You covered it very well. Actually. They had no money for terror. They were broke. Now they're a rich nation. And now what they're doing is they're spreading that money around. Look at what's happening with the Houthis and Yemen.


Look at what's going on in the Middle East. This would've never happened. I will get that settled and fast and I'll get the war with Ukraine and Russia ended. If I'm president elect, I'll get it done. Before even becoming president. Vice President Harris, he says, you hate Israel. Oh, that's absolutely not true. I have my entire career and life supported Israel and the Israeli people. He knows that he's trying to again, divide and and distract from the reality, which is, it is very well known that Donald Trump is weak and wrong on national security and foreign policy. It is well known that he admires dictators.


Sure wants to be a dictator on day one. According to himself. It is well known that he said of Putin that he can do whatever the hell he wants and go into Ukraine. It is well known that he said, when Russia went into Ukraine, it was brilliant. It is well known. He exchanged love letters with Kim Jong un. And it is absolutely well known that these dictators and autocrats are rooting for you to be president again. Because they're so clear they can manipulate you with flattery and favors. And that is why so many military leaders who you have worked with have told me you are a disgrace.


That is why we understand that we have to have a president who is not consistently weak and wrong on National Vice president security, including the importance of upholding and respecting in highest regard. Our military Vice President Harris, thank you. They're The ones and she's the one that caused it, that's weak on national security by allowing every nation last month for the year, 168 different countries sending people into our country. Their crime rates are way down. Putin endorsed her last week, said, I hope she wins And I think he meant it. He did. Because what he's gotten away with he endorse is absolutely incredible. It wouldn't have happened with me.


The leaders of other countries think that they're weak and incompetent and they are. They're grossly incompetent. And I just asked one question, why does Biden go in and kill the keystone pipeline and approve the single biggest deal that Russia has ever made? Nord stream to the biggest pipeline anywhere in the world going to Germany and all over Europe because they're weak and they're ineffective. And Biden, by the way, gets paid a lot of money. P Trump, thank you. We have a lot of issues to get to. We'll be right back with much more of this historic a, b, C news presidential debate from the National Constitution Center right here in Philadelphia back in America. All right, Quick thoughts. Fact check thing piss you off. Yet The A BC news presidential debate will continue after this.


It's gonna Make her look real bad to all of the pro-Palestine young people who are calling Joe Biden genocide. Joe. Yeah, that's a good point. That's not gonna be a good soundbite for her with the pro terror crowd at all. My quick takeaway, I agree with you, the folks, the the fake fact checking by A B, C is really burrowed under my skin like a tick. I don't know if you notice this, but Avita picked up on it right away. One, their fact checks aren't, aren't authentic or genuine at all, and they're only fact checking Trump. So when Kamala Harris says, oh, I, I didn't say anything about how many we got 300, 300,000.


Are we gonna get the freaking flames or what? It's like flames. It's flames time we got, I got 'em. I actually found them, but I can't show them until the flames go up. These are the real, these are the original glasses. We got a countdown. These are the originals. 300,000. Look what we have created by Cheeto army. Are we the biggest stream in the world?


Are we like top three? Oh, kicking ass and taking Ames. Alright, back to the show though. The fake fact checking is really kicking me off. Kamala. Harris said, oh yeah, I was for fracking. I was, she was not for fracking. There were so many golden opportunities for him to do that. I think the moment of the night though was Trump with the, I'm talking stealing the, I'm speaking thunder from Kamala Harris Actually The whole time. You're kind of seeing her sort of unravel, if you look at her expressions. Yeah. Looks very measured, very calm. Kamala is looking like she's furious on the inside and she's kind of losing it.


But folks, general impression, tell me in the chat if you, if you know what you think, gimme your feedback. My I'm I'm always gonna give you an objective take. All right guys, let me know what you think too. Feel free to chime in. She has not performed terribly. Y Yes, she's a liar. I I get it. The project 2025, the fine people hoax all the bloodbath hoax. I understand. But the media's gonna cover for her lies. The Biden thing by this point was just an atrocity. It, she has not performed horribly. I think right now I give Trump the advantage. I'm trying to speak objectively. It's not in any way a win for Kamala Harris.


She's gotten wrecked four or five times and there are snapshots and sound bites from this that Trump's gonna be able to use from this point on going forward. And Avita iss right? She's probably hurt herself with the radical left with a couple of soundbites too. But she has not performed horribly where I think it's like the end of her campaign kind of thing. Avita No, I, I I think that's a good assessment. I, I mean, I I also think I, I also think Trump needs to really emphasize more that she's a, she's a figurehead, right? That she's, she's she's installed by the permanent state. I haven't seen that come out. We've sort of been taking her at face value and we have to realize that Kamala's not actually in charge right now. Kamala is an empty vessel just like Joe is.


And I haven't seen that come out. I want that to come out. Yeah. Yeah. I I think also one of the best, one of the best things he's done during the debate is constantly bringing it back to the border invasion. I don't know if you at home caught it. I'm sure you probably did. Anytime national security, public safety or drugs come up, Trump brings it right back to the border. It's very tactical what he's doing. Oh my gosh. Is is this the chat? Holy Moses, can you even read that? I think he's up And I think he's up big, but I don't think she has performed as terribly as Biden because they're covering for her now. And you can see it.


But the reason I was gonna say is Trump keeps going back to the border thing on every issue is because she's the border czar and he keeps pinning this to her so she can't possibly escape. And, and the border rates is a top five issue with a lot of swing voters out there who feel like their towns, counties, cities and villages are being invaded by people who don't belong here. Your thoughts, I Was also gonna mention in the beginning of the debate, she was heavily focusing on killing kids. It was the only really policy issue, oh my god, that she was willing to talk about is killing kids. And now I think also killing kittens, right? The joke is that she's, her border crisis is allowing a bunch of Haitians to come in and kill household pets.


He hit the dogs thing pretty hard. All right, folks, back to the debate. 334,000 Holy has been the position of the Biden administration that we must defend Ukraine from Russia from Vladimir Putin to defend their sovereignty, their democracy, that it's in America's best interest to do so, arguing that if Putin wins, he may be emboldened to move even further into other countries. You have said you would solve this war in 24 hours, you said. So just before the break tonight. How exactly would you do that? And And I wanna ask you a very simple question tonight. Do you want Ukraine to win this war? I want the war to stop. I wanna save lives that are being uselessly. People being killed by the millions.


It's the millions. It's so much worse than the numbers that you're getting, which are fake numbers. Look, we're in for 250 billion or more because they don't ask Europe, which is a much bigger beneficiary to getting this thing done than we are. They're in for $150 billion less. And you, nato, they paid billions and billions, hundreds of billions of dollars when I said, either you pay up or we're not gonna protect you anymore. So that's but weak people.


You take a look at what's happening. We're in for 250 to 275 billion. They're into a hundred to 150. They should be forced to equalize. With that being said, I wanna get the war settled. I know Zelinsky very well. And I know Putin very well. I have a good relationship. And they respect your president. Okay? They respect me. They don't respect Biden. How would you respect him to why? For what reason? He hasn't even made a phone call in two years to Putin hasn't spoken to anybody. They don't even try and get it. That is a war that's dying to be settled. I will get it settled before I even become president if I win when I'm president elect. And what I'll do is I'll speak to one, I'll speak to the other.


I'll get 'em together. That war would've never happened. And in fact, when I saw Putin after I left, unfortunately left because our, our country has gone to hell. But after I left, when I saw him building up soldiers, he did it. After I left, I said, oh, he must be negotiating. It must be a good strong point of negotiation. Well, it wasn't because Biden had no idea how to talk to him. He had no idea how to stop it. And now you have millions of people dead and it's only getting worse. And it could lead to World War ii. Don't get yourself, David. We're playing with World War III and we have a president that we don't even know if he's, where is our president? We don't even know if he's a president.


Just to clarify, you threw him out of a campaign like a dog. We don't even know. Is he our president? But we have a president, Mr. President that doesn't know he is alive. Your time is up with, just to clarify in the question, do you believe it's in the US best interest for Ukraine to win this war? Yes or no? I Think it's the US best interest to get this war finished and just get it done. Alright. Negotiate a deal because we have to stop all of these human lives from being destroyed. Yes. I wanna take this Vice President Harris. I wanna get your thoughts on support for Ukraine in this moment, but also as commander in chief, if elected, how would you deal with Vladimir Putin and would it be any different from what we're seeing from President Biden?


Well, first of all, it's important to remind the former president, you're not running against Joe Biden, you're running against me. I believe vice, the reason that Donald Trump says that this war would be over within 20 Biden administration should just give it up. And that's not who we are as Americans. Let's understand what happened here. Separate. I actually met with Zelensky a few days before Russia invaded, tried through force to change territorial boundaries to defy one of the most important international rules and norms, which is the importance of sovereignty and territorial integrity. And I met with President Zelensky. I shared with him American intelligence about how he could defend himself.


Days later, I went to NATO's, Eastern Flank to Poland and Romania. And through the work that I and others did, we brought 50 countries together to support Ukraine in its righteous defense. And because of our support, because of the air defense, the ammunition, the artillery, the javelins, the Abrams tanks that we have provided, Ukraine stands as an independent and free country. If Donald Trump were President, Putin would be sitting in Kyiv right now and understand what that would mean. Because Putin's agenda is not just about Ukraine. Understand why the European allies and our NATO allies are so thankful that you are no longer president, and that we understand the importance of the greatest military alliance the world has ever known, which is nato.


And what we have done to preserve the ability of zelensky and the Ukrainians to fight for their independence. He's been flee us otherwise. Putin would be sitting in Kyiv with his eyes on the rest of Europe, starting with Poland. And why don't you tell the 800,000 Polish Americans right here in Pennsylvania, how quickly you would give up for the sake of favor and what you think is a friendship with what is known to be a dictator who would eat you for lunch? Vice President Harris. Thank you. We've heard from both of you on Ukraine tonight. Afghanistan came up on the last hour. I I wanted her to respond to something you said earlier, and I'll please, I'll, I'll give you a minute here.


Putin would be sitting in Moscow and he wouldn't have lost 300,000 men and women, but he would've been sitting in Moscow. Quiet please. He would've been sitting in Moscow much happier than he's right now. But eventually, you know, he's got a thing that other people don't have. He's got nuclear weapons. They don't ever talk about that. He got nuclear weapons. Nobody ever thinks about that. And eventually maybe he'll use them and maybe he hasn't been that threatening, but he does have that. Something we don't even like to talk about. Nobody likes to talk about it, but just so you understand, they sent her to negotiate peace before this war started. Three days later, he went in and he started the war because everything they said was weak and stupid.


They said the wrong things. That war should have never started. She was the emissary. They sent her in to negotiate with Zelensky and Putin, and she did. And the war started three days later, vice president. And that's the kind of talent we have with her. She's worse than Biden, in my opinion. I think he's the worst president in the history of our country. She goes down as the worst vice president in the history of our country. But let me tell you something, she is a horrible negotiator. They sent her into negotiate as soon as they left to Putin did the invasion. President Trump. Thank you. You did bring up something you said she went to negotiate with Vladimir Putin, vice President Harrison. Have you ever met Vladimir Putin? Can you clarify tonight Yet again?


I said it at the beginning of this debate. You're gonna hear a bunch of lies coming from this fellow, and that is another one. When I went to meet with President Zelensky now met with him over five times. The reality is it has been about standing as America always should as a leader, upholding international rules and norms as a leader who shows strength, understanding that the alliances we have around the world are dependent on our ability to look out for our friends and not favor our enemies. Because you adore strong men instead of caring about democracy. And that is very much what is at stake here.


The president of the United States is commander in chief, and the American people have a right to rely on a president who understands the significance of America's role and responsibility in terms of ensuring that there is stability and ensuring we stand up for our principles and not sell them for the, for the benefit of personal flattery. We talked about Ukraine and Vladimir Putin lost. I do wanna talk about Afghanistan. It came up in the first hour of this debate. I, I, I wanted to move on to Afghanistan, Said Trump did the most amazing thing I've ever seen. He got these countries to 28 countries at the time to pay up.


He said, I've never seen, he's the head of nato. He said, I've never seen, for years we were paying almost all of nato. We were being ripped off by European nations, both on trade and on nato. I got them to pay up by saying one of the statements you made before, if you don't pay, we're not gonna protect you otherwise, we would've never gotten it. He said it was one of the most incredible jobs that he's ever seen done. Thank you. I wanna turn to Afghanistan. It came up in the first hour of the debate and we witnessed a, a poignant moment today on Capitol Hill honoring the soldiers who died in the chaotic withdrawal from Afghanistan. I do wanna ask the vice president, do you believe you bear any responsibility in the way that withdrawal played out?


Well, I'll tell you, I agreed with President Biden's decision to pull out of Afghanistan for presidents. He's admitting that said they would, and Joe Biden did. And as a result, America's taxpayers are not paying the $300 million a day we were paying for that endless war, but now we're paying it for Ukraine. And as today, there is not one just giving of the United States military who is in active duty in a combat zone, in any war zone around the world the first time this century. But let's understand how we got to where we are. Donald Trump, when he was president, negotiated one of the weakest deals you can imagine. He calls himself a deal maker.


Even his national security advisor said it was a weak, terrible deal. And here's how it went. Down the military industrial conference, he bypass the Afghan government, right? He negotiated directly with a terrorist organization called the Taliban. The negotiation involved the Taliban getting 5,000 terrorists. Taliban released and get this, no, get this. And the president at the time invited the Taliban to Camp David, a place of storied significance for us as Americans. A place where we honor the importance of American diplomacy, where we invite and receive respected world leaders.


And this former president as president invited them to camp David because he does not, again, appreciate the role and responsibility of the President of the United States to be commander in chief with a level of respect. And this gets back to the point of how he has consistently disparaged and demeaned members of our military. She's failing to mention soldiers turned over an entire military arson hold the same Taliban Trump and Negotiation the United States of America around world. She notices She leaves President Harris. Thank now give President Trump, Trump response to Taliban right now.


Thank you Taliban. So there we go. We got the whole, if you take a look at that period of time, the Taliban was killing our soldiers. A lot of 'em with snipers. And. I got involved with the Taliban because the Taliban was doing the killing. That's the fighting force within Afghanistan. They don't bother doing that because you know, they deal with the wrong people all the time. But I got involved and Abdul is the head of the Taliban. He is still the head of the Taliban. And. I told Abdul, don't do it anymore. You do it anymore, you're gonna have problems. And he said, why do you send me a picture of my house? I said, you're gonna have to figure that out, Abdul. And for 18 months we had nobody killed.


We did have an agreement negotiated by Mike Pompeo. It was a very good agreement. The reason it was good, it was, we were getting out, we would've been out faster than them, but we wouldn't have lost the soldiers. We wouldn't have left many Americans behind and we wouldn't have left, we wouldn't have left $85 billion worth of brand new beautiful military equipment behind. And just to finish, they blew it. The agreement said you have to do this, this, this, this, this. And they didn't do it. They didn't do it. The agreement was, was terminated by us because they didn't do what they were supposed to do. I wanna move on. And these people did the worst withdrawal and in my opinion, the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country.


And by the way, that's why Russia attacked Ukraine because they saw how incompetent she and her boss are. President Trump. Thank you. I wanna move on now to race and politics in this country. Mr. President, you recently said a Vice President Harris quote, I didn't know she was black until a number of years ago when she happened to turn black. And now she wants to be known as black. Question. I wanna ask a bigger picture question here tonight. Why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I don't And Don don't care. I don't care what she is. I don't care. You make a big deal outta something. I couldn't care less. Whatever she wants to be is okay with me. But those were your words I'm asking.


I dunno, I dunno. I mean, all I can say is I read where she was not black that she put out, and I'll say that. And then I read that she was black and that's okay. Either one was okay with me. That's up to her. That's up to her Vice president. Harris, your thoughts on this? I think it's, I mean, honestly, I think it's a, a tragedy that we have someone who It is A tragedy wants to be president Vice, who has consistently over the course of his career, attempted to use race to divide the American people. You know, I do believe that the vast majority of us know that we have so much more in common than what separates us. And we don't want this kind of approach that is just constantly trying to divide us.


And especially by race. And let's remember how Donald Trump started. He was a a a a land. He had owned land, he owned buildings and he, he was investigated because he refused to rent property to black families. Let's remember, this is the same individual that is who took out a full page ad in the New York Times, calling for the execution of five young, black and Latino boys who were innocent. The Central Park. Five. Okay? She doesn't know any Of out a full page Details of this case calling for is obviously not a new New.


This is the same individual who spread birther lies about the first black president of the United States. And. I. Think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? Want someone who understands as I do, I travel our country. We see in each other a friend, we see in each other a neighbor. We don't want a leader who is constantly trying to have Americans point their fingers at each other. I meet with people all the time who tell me, can we please just have discourse about how we're going to invest in the aspirations and the ambitions and the dreams of the American people, knowing that regardless of people's color or the language their grandmother speaks, we all have the same dreams and aspirations and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division.


Vice President Harris, thank you Lindsay, President Trump, this is now your third time. This is the most divisive presidency in the history of our country. There's never been anything like it. They're destroying our country. And they come up with things like what she just said going back many, many years when a lot of people, including Mayor Bloomberg, agreed with me on the Central Park. Five, they admitted, they said they pled guilty. And I said, well, if they pled guilty, they'd badly hurt a person. Killed a person ultimately. And if they pled guilty, then they pled we're not guilty. But this is a person that has to stretch back years, 40, 50 years ago, because there's nothing Now, I built one of the greatest economies in the history of the world, and I'm gonna build it again.


It's gonna be bigger, better, and stronger. But they're destroying our economy. They have no idea what a good economy is. Their oil policies, every single policy. And remember this, she is Biden, you know, she's trying to get away from Biden. I don't know the gentleman. She says she is Biden the worst inflation we've ever had. A horrible economy because inflation has made it so bad and she can't get away with that. Thank you. Your time is up. I wanna respond to that though. I wanna just respond briefly. Clearly, I am not Joe Biden. And. I am certainly not Donald Trump. And what I do offer is a new generation of leadership for our country.


One who believes in what is possible, one who brings a sense of optimism about what we can do instead of always disparaging the American people. American people. I believe in what we can do to strengthen our small businesses, which is why I have a plan. Let's talk about our plans and, and let's compare the plans. I have a plan to give startup businesses $50,000 tax deduction to pursue their ambitions, their innovation, their ideas, their hard work. I have a plan $6,000 for young families for the first year of your child's life to help you in that most critical stage of your child's development.


I have a plan that is about allowing people to be able to pursue what has been fleeting in terms of the American dream by offering a help with down payment of $25,000 down payment assistance for first time home buyers. That's the kind of conversation I believe, David, that people really want tonight, as opposed to a conversation that is constantly about belittling and name calling. Let's turn the page. Vice President Harris, move forward. Thank you. Let's turn to policy. Let's turn policy president. Have to move on. President Trump, Let's turn to policy Please. She has a plan to defund the police. She has a plan to confiscate everybody's gun.


President Trump do have to move on. Other issues Has allow fracking in Pennsylvania or anywhere else. Okay? That's what her plan is. Until just recently, I, I Just need Trump. President Trump, the former president, has said something twice that I need to respond To. I'm, I'm, we're gonna, we're gonna move on. Vice President Harris, he has said, president Trump, this is now your third time running for president. You have long vowed to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. You have failed to accomplish that. You now say you're gonna keep Obamacare quote unless we can do something much better. Correct. Last month you said quote, we're working on it. So tonight, nine years after you first started running, do you have a plan? And can you tell us what it is? Obamacare was lousy.


Healthcare always was. It's not very good today. And what I said that if we come up with something and we are working on things, we're gonna do it and we're gonna replace it. But remember this, I inherited Obamacare because Democrats wouldn't change it. They wouldn't vote for it. They were unanimous. They wouldn't vote to change it. If they would've done that, we would've had a much better plan than Obamacare. But the Democrats came up, they wouldn't vote for it. I had a choice to make when I was president. Do I save it and make it as good as it can be? Never gonna be great. Or do I let it rot? And I felt I had an obligation, even though politically it would've been good to just let it rot and let it go away.


I decided And I told my people the top people, and they're very good people. I have a lot of good people in this, that administration. We read about the bad ones. We had some real bad ones too. And so do they. They have a really bad ones. The difference is they don't get rid of 'em. But let me just explain. I had a choice to make. Do I save it and make it as good as it can be? Or do I let it rot? And I saved it. I did the right thing, but it's still never going to be great. And it's too expensive for people. And what we will do is we're looking at different plans. If we can come up with a plan that's gonna cost our people, our population less money and be better healthcare than Obamacare, then I would absolutely do it.


But until then, I'd run it as good as it can be run. So just a yes or no, you still do not have a plan. I Have concepts of a plan. I'm not president right now, but if we come up with something, I would only change it. If we come up with something that's better and less expensive and there are concepts and options, we, we have to do that. And you'll be hearing about it in the not too distant future. Vice President Harris, in 2017, you supported Bernie Sanders proposal to do away with private insurance and create a government run healthcare system. Two years later, you proposed a plan that included a private insurance option. What is your plan today? Well, first of all, I absolutely support and over the last four years as vice president private healthcare options.


But what we need to do is maintain and grow the afford charact. My but I'll on video, I'll get to that. Lindsay, I just need to Respond to a previous point. I just played it for you guys That the former president has made. I've made very clear my position on fracking and then this business about taking everyone's guns away. Tim Walls, And I are both gun owners. We're not taking anybody's guns away. So stop with the Continuous lying about this Stuff. Tampon, Tim's a tampon As it relates to the Affordable Care Act. I'm not there. He is understand. Let just look at, at the history to know where people stand. Tampon for the boys. When Donald Trump was president 60 times, he tried to get rid of the Affordable Care Act 60 times. I was a senator at the time when I will never forget the early morning hours when it was up for a vote in the United States Senate and the late great John McCain, who you have disparaged as being a you don't like him, you said at the time, because he got caught.


He was an American. The late great John McCain. I, I'll never forget That night, all the rhinos walked onto Kamala Harris The Senate floor and said, no, you don't. The No you don't. And she loves that. No, you don't get rid of the Affordable Care Act. You have no plan. We remember, And what the Affordable Care Act has done is eliminate the, the ability of insurance companies to deny people with preexisting conditions. I don't have to tell the people watching tonight, you remember what that was like. Remember when an insurance company could deny if a child had asthma, if someone was a breast cancer survivor, if a, if a grandparent had diabetes. And thankfully as I've been vice president and we over the last four years have strengthened the Affordable Care Act, we have allowed for the first time Medicare to negotiate drug prices on behalf of you.


The American people. Now they're rationing of Donald Trump said he was gonna allow Medicare to negotiate PRI drug prices. He never did. We did. And now we have capped the cost of insulin at $35 a month since I've been vice president, we have capped the cost of prescription medication for seniors at $2,000 a year. Them and went ON'S president. We will do that for all people. Die people understanding that the value I bring to this is that access to healthcare should be a right and not just a privilege of those who can afford it. The standard Democrat bullshit talking point has doesn't understand Strength versus the affordable obligations Because she's idiot, a focus case President Pro. In terms of where Donald Trump stands on. I wanna move to an issue that's important for a lot.


She Made a mistake at number one. John McCain fought Obamacare for 10 years, but it wasn't only him. It were all of the Democrats that kept it going. And you know what we can do much better than Obamacare, much less money. But she won't improve private insurance for people. Private medical insurance. That's another thing. She doesn't want to get P Trump. People are paying privately for insurance that have worked hard and made money and they wanna have private. She wants everybody to be on government insurance where you wait six months for an operation that you need immediately. President Trump, thank you. We have another issue that we'd like to get to that's important for a number of Americans in particular younger voters.


And that's climate change. President Trump, with regard to the environment, you say that we have to have clean air and clean water. Vice President Harris, you call climate change an existential threat. The question to you both tonight is what would you do to fight climate change and Vice President Harris, we'll start with you one minute for you each. Well, the former president had said that climate change is a hope Because it is a hope. What we know is that it is very real. You ask anyone who lives in a state who has experienced these extreme weather occurrences, who now is either being denied home insurance or it's being jacked up, no evidence of that. You ask anybody who has been, Yeah, you may get It up, victim of what that means in terms of losing their home, having nowhere to go.


We know that we can actually, Obama Deals with Issue. The young people of America care deeply about this issue. Like right there. And, I'm proud that as vice president over the last four years, we have invested a trillion dollars in a clean energy economy. While we have also increased domestic gas production to historic levels, we have created over 800,000 new manufacturing jobs. While I have been vice president, we have invested in clean energy to the point that we are opening up factories around the world. Donald Trump said he was gonna create manufacturing jobs. He lost manufacturing jobs. And. I'm also proud to have the endorsement of the United Auto Workers and Sean Fain, who also know that part of building a clean energy economy includes investing in American made products, American automobiles.


It includes growing what we can do around American manufacturing and opening up auto plants. Not closing them like happened under Donald Trump. President Harris, thank you. That Didn't happen under Donald Trump. Lemme just tell you, they lost 10,000 manufacturing jobs this last month. It's going, they're all leaving. They're building big auto plants in Mexico, in many cases owned by China. They're building these massive plants and they think they're gonna sell their cars into the United States because of these people. What they have given to China is unbelievable. But we're not gonna let that we'll put tariffs on those cars. So they can't come into our country because they will kill the United Auto workers.


And any auto worker, whether it's in Detroit or South Carolina, they to business and horrible. We have nothing because, you know, Biden doesn't go after people because supposedly China paid him millions of dollars. He's afraid to do it between him and his son. They get all this money from Ukraine, they get all this money from all of these different countries. And then you wonder why is he so loyal to this one? That one, Ukraine, China. Why is he, why did he get three and a half million dollars from the mayor of Moscow's wife? Why did he get, why did she pay him three and a half million dollars?


This is a crooked administration and they're selling our country down the tubes. President Trump, thank you. Thank you. We'll be right back with closing statements from both of our candidates and historic night. This a, b, c news, presidential debate from Philadelphia back in a moment. All right, so she had a couple of her moments there. You know, Of course she was gonna get in these personal anecdotes that she rehearsed a thousand times in front of a focus group. Zero doubt about that. However, again, folks, more bullshit. I, I don't know how many different ways I can tell you Kamala Harris is on the record, on video and audio. I mean, here are the clips.


Look the Dan Bongino Show before the show. Kamala Harris on Medicare for All, which means private healthcare for none. If it's Medicare, that's government. Run healthcare for all. That means you don't have any private healthcare. We played the clip, I played for you, the clips of her saying she wants to ban fracking. She is just full of shit. Everything she's telling you here is fake, inauthentic and not genuine. Did you see anything that stuck out there that, that you thought for him was a good moment Avita or for her, a really bad moment? Well, I I, there was a dis really disingenuous moment when it comes to the climate and she's playing a careful game, right? 'cause she wants to seem like she's a climate radical, especially with young people. I mean, that's how the, the question was framed, right?


Young people are really care about the climate. That's true. But she can't act too crazy, right? Because she's also called for things like banning meat in the past. Banning fracking in the past, banning fossil fuels in general, right? Destroying American energy independence. And what she, her, her plan essentially is, is to consolidate power among the 1% with these crazy climate policies, right? With ESGs, with the stakeholder capitalism So, it seems like she's doing something really great, but in reality, she's actually destroying middle America, destroying working class people everywhere. And I wish that Trump would've hammered that point home that what he's actually doing is helping out BlackRock, not Main Street. And, and we played today.


If you wanna watch my podcast from today, you're, you're free. It's there. It's sitting there. It's dated today. We played the audio video of Joe Biden admitting that the Bullshit Inflation Reduction Act she keeps touting, is creating all these jobs. He's basically admitting that it's a big, enormous green boondoggle. He, he says, we probably should have named it something different. It did nothing for inflation. Folks, there's a report out today about the national debt and real wages. I don't know if you guys saw this, but Avita, it's devastating. The national debt is going to be a, maybe a hair away from an astonishing $2 trillion.


And the real wage numbers finally came out. Real wages. In other words, what you money buys, you're never gonna believe this. After three years of Biden. We're still not back to where real wages were under Donald Trump. There's big coverage of it in the World Street Journal Op-ed column today. These numbers just came out yesterday. This economy sucks Her. Her intro answer was so awful, right? She's talking about, oh, I'm gonna have all these tax cuts without talking about inflation, which is the greatest tax on, on working class Americans. And she's the vice president. It feels like nobody realizes that in this entire debate except for Donald Trump, right? They're asking her these questions like, what will you do Kamala? Well, what is she doing?


She is the vice president and she's gotten away with that the whole time. In addition to all these ridiculous fact checks on Trump, Right? And folks, the Obamacare scam continues. The media will not acknowledge the obvious. Obamacare has created a substandard system that flushes a lot of people into government dictated plans. It's flushing these people out of private sector, job based plans, which are typically far better. The Obamacare plans are garbage. They're crap. People are being flushed into Medicaid. Obamacare plans with all of these rules and regulations. It's a lot of folks in there who are the, the, the, the rules of economics have clearly taken over.


Obamacare is garbage. Matter of fact, it's so bad. Democrats up on the hill did not want their own employees taken out of the Federal Employees health benefits program and stuck in Obamacare. The FEHB, you can look it up. They fought going to Obamacare because it sucks. Whatever the government runs, something like healthcare or anything else. The post office, it's going to run it into the ground. 'cause there's a third party payer problem. They don't care about the money 'cause it's not theirs. They don't care, care about the quality of the product because the government's not even buying anything for itself. As Milton Friedman's always said, the cost and the quality does not matter.


That's why you're always gonna have a problem with government healthcare. Well quick dot, they're coming back to the debate. We'll take this, we'll take the closing statements and some final thoughts from R and me and then we'll bounce and see you tomorrow. But let's see what they have to say in closing. So I think you've heard tonight, two very different visions for our country. One that is focused on the future and the other that is focused on the past and an attempt to take us backward. But we're not going back. And, I do believe that the American people know we all have so much more in common than what separates us. And we can chart a good job, new way forward.


And a vision of that includes having a plan, understanding the aspirations, the dreams, the hopes, the ambition of the American people. Which is why I intend to create an opportunity economy. Investing in small businesses, in new families and what we can do around protecting seniors. What we can do that is about giving hardworking folks a break and bringing down the cost of living Up again guys, I believe. And what we can do to together that is about, look, it's come alive, sustain America standing in the world. We can do all this now. And ensuring that we have the respect that we so rightly deserve, including respecting our military and ensuring we have the most lethal fighting force in the world.


I will be a president that will protect our fundamental rights and freedoms, including the right of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government tell her what to do. I'll tell you, I started my career as a prosecutor. I was the da, I was an Attorney general. Oh, you know how you started your Career. United States Senator and now vice president. I've only had one client. We all know the And. I'll tell you as a prosecutor, the people have Dispute with That. I never a victim or a witness. Are you a Republican or a Democrat? The only thing I ever asked them Because you never interviewed any of them. 'cause you were busy letting criminals out in the street. And That's the kind of president we need right now. Someone who cares about you and is not putting themselves First words.


I intend to be a president for all Americans. He's Doing it. Here we go. And Focus on what we gonna start talking over the And 20 years folks to build back up our country by investing right now school in you, the American people. Vice President Harris. Thank you President Trump. Yes, thank you. So She just started by saying she's gonna do this, she's gonna do that. She's gonna do all these wonderful things. Why hasn't she done it? She's been there for three and a half years. They've had three and a half years to fix the border. They've had three and a half years to create jobs and all the things we talked about. Why hasn't she done it? She should leave right now. Go down to that beautiful white House, go to the capitol, get everyone together and do the things you wanna do.


But you haven't done it. And you won't do it because you believe in things that the American people don't believe in. You believe in things like we're not gonna frack, we're not gonna take fossil fuel. We're not gonna do things that are going to make this country strong. Whether you like it or not. Germany tried that and within one year they were back to building normal energy plants. We're not ready for it. We can't sacrifice our country for the sake of bad vision. But I just ask one simple question. Why didn't she do it? We're a failing nation. We're a nation that's in serious decline. We're being laughed at all over the world.


All over the world. They're left. I know the leaders very well. They're coming to see me. They call me. We're laughed at all over the world. They don't understand what happened to us as a nation. We're not a leader. We don't have any idea what's going on. We have wars going on in the Middle East. We have wars going on. We, Russia and Ukraine. We're gonna end up in a third world war and it'll be a war like no other because of nuclear weapons. The power of weaponry. I rebuilt our entire military. She gave a lot of it away to the Taliban. She gave it to Afghanistan. What these people have done to our country and maybe toughest of all, is allowing millions of people to come into our country.


Many of them are criminals and they're destroying our country. The worst president, the worst vice president in the history of our country. President Trump. Thank you. And that is our a BC News Presidential Debate from here in Philadelphia at the National Constitution Center. I'm Lindsay Davis. And I'm David Muir. Thank you for watching here in the US and all over the world. And from all of us here at A BC News. Goodnight. Okay, this is live. I wanna thank you all for tuning in. Just re I, I mean, in case you, you know, think I'm, I'm not like texting someone on the side 'cause I'm like bored here doing the show, but this is my, my phone.


This is Chris's, this is Chris's tweet. Don't worry. These guys, they're like, don't be putting, that's his tweet. So that's, that's Chris Pavlosky's from Rumbles tweet. We had a record over 300,000 concurrent live viewers on Rumble video. So I am not leaving tonight without thanking you all. Ata, I know you feel the same way. We have the best crew, don't we? It's unreal. Yeah. The Bonino Army, the Ata Duffy division. Much love out there folks. We're gonna have a lot of coverage on this tomorrow with Avita Show. You can check out early edition with Avita at 9:00 AM my show. I'll be back at 11:00 AM Just a quick final thought from you.


Avita first, just first glance of try. It's hard to be objective. I know because we see such a threat in communist Kamala Harris. But how do you think she did? How do you think Trump did? I'm gonna say I think that Trump, I think Trump won that. But I And, I, And I think the ending was especially important. She tries to make herself hope and change, right? She's she's, she's the future. She's optimism, she's youth. Trump destroyed that argument, destroyed the symbolism behind her whole campaign with that ending saying, do it all. Now you're in charge. She is the vice president. And, I think that's gonna be really damaging. Excellent analysis folks.


I've said to you repeatedly over and over campaigns are nothing more than snapshots and sound bites. No one is going to remember this debate tonight. However, they will remember moments from it. I think in those moments, Kamala had a few moments they're going to use that may be effective with Democrats and maybe some independents. She told a couple stories. Granted, she's rehearsed this a thousand times, but whatever she was, at least she was a good fake. I think Trump, I agree one, I think he had far better moments constantly pointing out the border crisis and the economic problems and the fact that she's the current vice president. But I think he had the better snapshots and sound bites of the night. And I think her constant faces and frowning made her look really terrible.


But I will think about this overnight. I'm gonna go home. I'm gonna get some Zs jumping to coal plunge in the morning and freeze my off. Okay, we'll have a George Costanza moment tomorrow. Maybe get a workout in. I'll be back tomorrow. Thank you again for tuning in folks. Who I really appreciate it. You guys kick ass man. 300,000 concurrent live viewers, man. That's kick ass. Thank you so much. We really appreciate it. I'll see you all tomorrow. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.