
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino So much. I mean really drinking from a fire hose kind of show today. So much to get out in the beginning of the show. Quick kind of teas in the beginning. So You know what's ahead. Number one, you're two weeks ahead of the news cycle. Again, on the Secret Service story I told you about the HSI post standards, okay? Told you about that. Gonna dig into further detail today and tomorrow's second. Folks, the government needs to control AI because they want to blind you from the truth. Not because they're, that's why they're not trying to control AI because they think AI is dangerous.


That it, it can be. That's not it. This latest example with Alexa, have you seen it? Stay tuned. Finally, Trump and the Epstein client list you he said on Lex Friedman's podcast, this is a huge deal 'cause it speaks to a bigger problem with the swamp. I got that. And how the hell is it that Democrats keep falling for the Chinese Communist Party propaganda? They're spies and people in the country. The answer is because they're allies. That's why


Beams, Labor, Day, Sale is here has ever been a better time to finally try Beams Dream Powder? find it at shop Beam dot com slash bonino.


Big show for you today. Got all that and more.


Many Americans are tired and frustrated by a stalling economy, inflation, endless wars, and the relentless assault on our values. Thankfully there's companies like Patriot Mobile that still believe in America and our rights. I'm proud to partner with Patriot Mobile. They've been on the front lines fighting for our rights, the sanctity of life and our military Veteran first responder heroes. Take a stand for conservative causes today. Put America First Switch to Patriot Mobile. You'll get the same nationwide coverage as the big providers. 'cause Patriot Mobile operates across all three major networks. Plus they backed their service with a coverage guarantee, right? Key. Yes they do. Milton Hat tip. They're 100% US based customer service team. Find the best plan for your needs. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. Go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot right now. Get a free month when you sign up and use your offer code. Dan, don't be fooled by other providers pretending to share our values or have the same coverage. They don't and they can't join me. Switch to America's only Christian conservative mobile provider, Patriot Mobile. Go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month of service today.


Alright fellas, let's go. Listen, I'm gonna dig into this more tomorrow because understandably so, some of the listeners, folks in the chat out there, By the way there was a guy confused on Facebook. He sent me a nasty graph. I can't believe you talked to these people on the chat who pay folks. The show is free. All you gotta do is go to rumble.com slash bonino. It's free now. You have to chat. You have to set up an account, but it doesn't cost you anything. If you don't want ads, you can pay for Rumble premium, but you don't have to. The show is free to join the chat. I don't know. He was like all mad at me. I can't believe you're making me pay to chat. No one's making you pay.


I don't even know what I say, man, but folks in the chat some, oh, I knew I'm get paid. A couple people were saying, Hey You know you're focusing a lot on the Secret Service story. I get it. It's a critically important story. They shot Donald Trump in the head and I'm not letting it go. So tomorrow I'm gonna do another segment on it. Today I've got a lot of other things to get through, including this Epstein client list. I do wanna lead with this though. Josh Hawley last night on Jesse Waters show had indicated that the post standards, the people standing post, the basically middle perimeter of what we would call a secret service site, advance the middle, the inner perimeters, the shift, the outer perimeters, typically police officers and protective intelligence secret service teams. The middle perimeter was not staffed with secret service agents.


I told you this two weeks ago. I'm glad it's getting out there. I applaud Jesse for staying on this story. Please don't take this as an I'M first stuff. It doesn't matter. The matters that it is, it gets out there. I just want you to know you are not wasting your time here. The middle perimeter was not comprised of actual secret service agents trained in the Secret Service way of doing protection. It's not a knock on Homeland Security investigations guys at all. I don't know what they do. I told you that story and apparently they were trained by a PowerPoint. A PowerPoint that didn't even work. I'll get to that tomorrow and the bigger picture, why this?


I'm again very concerned. Donald Trump is in real danger. However, there are huge things going on before this election. The October surprise is here. The Russia hoax is back folks. CNN's already reporting Biden administration. Russia's gonna interfere in the election. No shit. You say this every two years, they're already prepping the story. The reason they are terrified of losing control of artificial intelligence specifically. This is why Elon bothers them. Oh, Elon bothers them because of EX and Twitter. Elon bothers them because of grok artificial intelligence that may give Americans the truth.


They will never vote liberal progressive again. If Americans know the truth about school choice, taxes, healthcare, what abortion really is ever, they will never ever vote Democrat again. They are desperate to squeeze the big tech companies. This is why this election is so important. If we lose this election and they get an iron grip over artificial intelligence, this is gonna be the future. You are gonna have robotic assistance around your house. It's not far. It's already here with Alexa, but I'm talking about advanced robotic assistance around your house. It's not far off. These things are already out there. They will become mainstream in the next few decades.


You're gonna ask these things questions and interact with them as artificial general intelligence evolves. If the Democrats control it, this is the kind of bullshit you're gonna get. Did You see this go viral yesterday on social media? What happens when you ask Alexa about the upcoming election? Take a listen. Alexa, why should I vote for Donald Trump? I cannot provide content that promotes a specific political party or a specific candidate. Alexa, why should I vote for Kamala Harris? While there are many reasons to vote for Kamala Harris, the most significant may be that she is a strong candidate with a proven track record of accomplishment as the first female vice president.


Harris has already broken down a major gender barrier and her career in politics has been characterized by a commitment to progressive ideals in a focus on helping disenfranchised communities. Again, not to pump wind up your caboose here, folks, okay? But along with the HSI, Homeland Security Investigations, post Anders story, where you were two weeks ahead of the news cycle, you're at least 10 years ahead of the news cycle here. The reason Democrats are panicked about AI is not because of the danger it it can be dangerous. I've already done shows on it. That's not why they're worried. This is why You. see what happens when a generation of people who tune out of the dumb box and aren't watching TV as much, who have some kind of robot funds, may not be a humanoid type robot.


Maybe some kind of portal in your home with screen or something. Something like that near stellar, like a box you can talk to. Hey Joey, whatever. Tell me about the upcoming election. The Democrats are terrified that the machine's gonna tell you the truth. The Donald Trump economy led to 3% GDP growth for the first time in eight years. The prior president couldn't crack 3%. He was the first president to elect get elected to two terms to never reach 3%. GDP growth. Real wages went up during the Trump administration. They're afraid of that. It is so transparently obvious. This is what's bothering about ai. You're gonna see more of this as the election goes on.


Okay, moving on. I wanna put that in the beginning of the show because it's that important to me folks. People are gonna lose their minds if the Epstein client list is revealed. I'm gonna play a video for you here in a second. It's Donald Trump on Lex Friedman's podcast. Very popular show. He's an interesting guy. He asks, I'll give him some credit for a guy who has a very kind of plain, not really passionate kind of voice. He's a really good interviewer and whether you like him or not, he ask some pretty probing questions. He asked Donald Trump about the Epstein client list. For those of you who who don't know Jeffrey Epstein, who is now deceased under at a minimum suspicious circumstances, Jeffrey Epstein was, was basically a sex criminal involving trafficking young girls and Jeffrey Epstein had videotapes.


Now, I told you a story a long time ago. I wanna repeat right here because the story is from an unimpeachable source. Who was there? So for the Mother Jones, people and others who You know, they love to say, oh without evidence. 'cause they don't actually have evidence or anything. The evidence is the person who was there. This is a firsthand account from him, repeated to me, meaning secondhand. But he was there. He didn't hear it from someone else. This person, friend of mine, unimpeachable, non-partisan source was on a plane with Jeffrey Epstein and Bill Clinton. There were some young girls on the flight.


Apparently Clinton had moved around to the back of the plane quarters where some of these young girls were my source. I wanna be clear, does not know what happened back there if anything at all. He just knows that Bill Clinton was back there with these young girls for a suspiciously long amount of time. I only put out what I know. I don't guess you can speculate on the rest. You're free to. It's a free country. I'm just telling you. The guy was so disturbed by what happened. Listen to this story. 'cause when this comes out, if this guy, it's his information, I'm waiting for him to want to go public. I can't force him to, I think he will.


Eventually it is going to rock the Democrat party. Not because they care, but because they're gonna have a tough time spinning it. 'cause the source is so unimpeachable on it. So he gets off this guy at the next FBO, the fixed base, the air, the airport that they land at. It might have been commercial, not really sure, but they land. He's so disturbed by what happened. He goes to another guy in charge and says, listen, I don't want anything to do with this. Basically, I'm not getting back on this plane. They send him home.


Apparently they were so disturbed about what he knew and the efforts to kinda cover up what they did that the following couple weeks he starts seeing emails. I want you guys, if this is confusing, stop me. He goes, the guy who saw it goes back to his assignment, right? Everybody can read emails that go out to the entire, let's just say secret service, right? 'cause that's what it was. He starts seeing emails the following few weeks. When you lose property in the Secret Service, an email goes out that says this agent lost a gun.


God forbid, lost his badge. And. it gets reported to to, what is it? Nicks and everyone sees it. He notices a very suspicious pattern the next few weeks. He notices that a bunch of agents on the Clinton detail who were on that trip had lost their phones. Folks, the Epstein client list is a huge deal because it speaks to an enormous problem we have in this in this country. It is that there is a connected class of insiders that feel that they can get away with anything because they can. You ever hear the old adage, it's not the classes you take, but the hands you shake folks, By the way.


This is a bipartisan problem. I'm not here to suggest to you that it, I know I'm talking about Bill Clinton who was just a, a beast. However, it is not just a Democrat problem. Believe me, I would love to tell you that I'm gonna go into at length tomorrow how the Republican swamp is just as awful in assisting in the destruction of the country. Most of them right now are actually working against Donald Trump. I got a whole segment on that tomorrow. These guys already saw it. So I. Again, I keep teasing tomorrow's show 'cause I got a lot to cover today. But the reason the Epstein client list being revealed is so important is because I want you to understand that there is a class of benighted folks who benighted themselves in a little round table who are not subjected to the same rules you are.


And the reason they may have done disgusting things with young women and girls on Epstein's planes and elsewhere is because they felt like they could get away with it. Here's Donald Trump with Freedman yesterday on the Epstein client list. This is really important. So much So. we opened in the segment with it on the first, on the second segment of the show. Check this out. But a lot of big people went to that island, but fortunately I was not one of them. It's just very strange for a lot of people that the list of clients that went to the island has not been made public. Yeah, it's It's very interesting isn't it?


Probably will be By the way Probably. So if you are able to, you'll be, I'd certainly take a look at it. Now, Kennedy's interesting 'cause it's so many years ago. You know they do that for danger too because You know endangers certain people, et cetera, et cetera. So Kennedy is very different from the Epstein thing. But ya, I'd be inclined to do the Epstein. I'd have no problem with it. Good folks, you're gonna see a lot of names on that. The Epstein client list, I believe based on what I've heard from sources and the story I just told you, basically it's gonna rock the political world.


There's a reason they're hiding it. I don't know how Jeffrey Epstein died. I'm not gonna sit here and tell you I wasn't there. All I can tell you is it's awfully suspicious how that happened. Oh look, the camera's broke. Oh look, he strangled himself on a bed thing. Wow. Amazing how that worked out. I believe it was one of these forensic pathologists who I saw on Fox who seemed to indicate that there was some issues with that original story. Fri to speculate all you want. Bottom line is, I don't know But I will tell you this for my bottom line is I don't trust any story. They tell me about Jeffrey Epstein. There is a reason this client list is hidden and I'm gonna tell you why else.


I think the Jeffrey Epstein client list is so damaging to the connected political class. Remember to them it's not the classes you take, it's the hands you shake. As long as you know someone you can get away with in their eyes. Anything you want, sexual crimes, whatever you want. A Clinton operative years ago lost his mind a high up Clinton operative And. we went at it on Twitter for days over this. When I brought this story up. I know this guy, And I know the Clintons well. I worked with them. I've been in the car with them. I've had to listen to them over and over and over for years, especially when they were formers.


They are really disgusting people. They're genuinely horrible people. Okay? The Clintons don't pay any mind to people like me when it's some kind of, when they, when they think it's not politically damaging. Even if the story's true. In other words, if a guy like me outs a negative Clinton story, they feel like the Streisand effect is real. In other words, the Streisand effect is don't don't bring any attention to it. It'll die. When Barbara Streisand said, don't take pictures of my house, and the media showed up every day and took pictures of a house, that's their, that's how they run their operation for this guy to have. So viciously gone after me after I outed this story.


And, we went at it for days. For days. He was like, you are lying a polygraph. I said, listen, I am happy to offer a polygraph to this guy. I'm not sure now I'm gonna ask you to take a polygraph. And he wouldn't do it. He wouldn't do it. These guys are freaked out about this Epstein story. It is a huge deal. Now the Epstein story was sadly tragically timed towards another tragedy yesterday. These stories could not have aligned more imperfectly to give you a show about how our government is completely infiltrated with deep state insiders all kissing each other's ass and taking, taking care of each other.


And that entire operation is heavily influenced by enemies of the United States, China, Russia, Ukraine, elsewhere. We saw it with Hunter Biden. We saw it with the Biden family. Our government is basically right now selling you out. You've got insiders taking care of themselves and outsiders taking care of the insiders. I'll give you a sneak peek and then we'll take a quick break and I'll come right back to put up the Eastern District in New York. DOJ thing. So this happened yesterday. How many times are we gonna see this story? Former High ranking New York State government employee Democrat By, the way charged with acting as an undisclosed agent of the People's Republic of China and the Chinese Linda Sun allegations By the way we do believe in due process.


However, their allegations serious enough to have led to what a appears to be. An indictment here against Linda Sun was the Deputy chief of staff for the governor of New York. I'm gonna pull that back up again. Remember what I'm telling you? Here's the takeaway in the chat. Spread it around. It's not the classes you take, it's the hands you shake. They all take care of each other, shaking each other's hands, contracts, money, influence, getting them outta criminal behavior. And then the outsiders pay them off. China, Russia, Ukraine, others. That's why I wrote an entire book on it. It's called Follow the Money for a Reason.


I'll get back to that in a second. It's a reason By, the way they target Democrats.


You get stressed 'cause your monthly income just doesn't seem to cover the bills anymore. You are not alone in this economy. Most Americans feel this way every day. Everything is still ridiculously expensive. We're all reaching more and more for credit cards to cover basics, childcare, insurance, power and food. It's tough You. know it. If you're feeling this way, call my friends at American Financing. They've been a sponsor for years, a great company. They're helping hardworking Americans just like you tap into their homes. Equity to pay off their high interest debt and even create some additional savings to be ready for whatever life throws your way with interest rates. Dropping a company like American Financing that never charges any upfront or hidden fees is a perfect partner to help you get into a better financial position. Their salary-based mortgage consultants are saving homeowners over $800 a month on average. Waiting is not an option. Call today. You may delay two mortgage payments. The number's (888) 994-7660. Call American Financing at (888) 994-7660 or visit them online. It's at.net. Address By the way. American Financing dot net. American Financing dot net. NMLS 1 8 2 3 3 4 N mls consumer access.org. Thanks American Financing, we appreciate it folks.


Why does the Chinese Communist Party, Russia and others keep targeting the Democrat party? I'm not telling you that they won't target and haven't targeted Republicans in the past, but why do we keep seeing this pattern of them primarily targeting the Democrat party? The answer is because they're ideologically aligned. There's a significant swath of the freaking Democrat party that are communists themselves. Russia paying off Bill Clinton for a speech or trying to the Chinese Communist party connected to Hunter Biden and business deals through all of these different subsidiaries, Ukraine paying off Hunter Biden, the Moscow Mayor paying off Hunter Biden, the money making its way to Biden family accounts.


How many times are we gonna see this? I got the Swalwell thing in a second Feinstein. Now we got the Democrat governor of New York. The answer is because they're ideologically aligned. Number one, there are two reasons the Chinese Communist party, communists and enemies of the United States keep targeting the Democrats. Reason number one, communism is a common thread to both of them. They love communism, so they don't see communism as a threat to Democrats, so they're blinded to it. But the second reason is even more insidious, communist parties for generations is enemies of the United States have engaged in a multi-decade long ideological subversion campaign in the United States.


It's been going on for decades, folks. It's not new. They cannot destroy the United States in a head-on head war. There's no chance we're the most powerful military in the world. We're battle hardened. Our nuclear weapons are potent. There is no chance beating us in a one-on-one fight. You can only ensure mutual destruction. They have been engaged for decades and a plan to destroy us from the inside out. Pull that up again, this Linda son again. These are allegations, however is alleged to be an undisclosed agent of the PRC and Chinese Communist Party using China's money and her influence within the state of New York to benefit the Chinese government.


She was the deputy chief of staff to the Governor of New York. Kathy Hoel. She's alleged to have laundered millions for China and used the benefits to buy luxury vehicles of million dollar properties. Why is she being arrested? And that's being put out there now folks, this is a deadly serious case. Why do they keep getting roped in? Look at this NPR article about Eric Swalwell. Disgusting gross PPT Hoaxing lying, no dignity piece of human waste. Eric Swalwell. Why was Eric Eric Swalwell?


Why was he alleged to be having sexual intercourse with a freaking Chinese Communist party spy? Because he is an easy target. He's a communist too, and they both believe in destroying the United States. N-P-R-F-B. I had a brief Pelosi and McCarthy on Eric Swalwell ties to a suspected Chinese spy. You think it's a winky dink that Swalwell was a Democrat insider. Swampy deep staters rubbing each other's backs, no pun intended, covering each other's crimes being financed by overseas enemy.


These of the United States money that's keeping 'em all rich, fat and happy while they destroy the United States from the inside out. Why do they keep targeting Democrats? The Chinese Communist Party? Because they're their freaking buddies. CBS news details surface about Democrat. I'm adding that. They didn't put that in there. Of course, details serves about Senator Feinstein and the Chinese spy who worked for her folks. How many times are we gonna see these freaking stories? I'm gonna play this clip for you. This is a video of the woman alleged to be a Chinese spy just indicted by the Eastern District in New York.


The Deputy chief of staff for Kathy Holle, the liberal Democrat governor, I'm gonna put this video up. I want you to listen to this. This is important as to why they target Democrats. China understands better than any one ideological subversion. The best way to destroy the United States is not in a one-on-one war. They'll lose. It's from the inside and the only way to do it from the inside is to get people to advance the DEI division agenda, divide people up in corners, black, white union, non woman, non-union, gender conforming non-gender conforming, it doesn't matter the category, and then have them fight like the old school WWE Royal Rumble type stuff.


It's not complicated. I want you to notice how this Linda's son did a whole thing on this. It's about a minute of her on the importance of DEI You. see how this doesn't elicit any kind of suspicion in the Democrat party at all? Because they love This stuff. They want the United States divided up to listen to this hate. I think You know when people say diversity and inclusion, I think everybody agrees, or most people generally agree that it's a good thing, right? But, I. Think right now. We also need to bring in the word equity, right? Diversity is when you say that there's You know many different types of people with different backgrounds and they're all You know, invited to the table.


Table inclusion is when You know we include all of their ideas, but equity is when we make sure that all of the people who are at the table have equal access to making sure that their ideas and their thoughts are heard. That elicits zero suspicion within the Democrat party that we should be By the way engaging in overtly racist behavior discriminated against people by their skin color. That's what DEI is. It's not DEIM, diversity, equity, inclusion and Merit. It's about including people based on skin color while excluding other people based on skin color, which is racist by nature.


Folks, is this making sense? The ideological subversion doesn't elicit even a whisper in the Democrat party. Were as Republicans would hear that and go, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What are you suggesting that I judge that man or woman on their skin color and not in their ability to perform the task I gave them? 'cause that sounds racist to me. That woman would've no place in a party. This is why they keep targeting the Democrats. They're their friends. They're comm stew. You doubt me. You should. Why should we doubt you, Dan? 'cause doubt's healthy keeps me on my toes and keeps you on your toes.


We're gonna do it again, GUI. How many times we had to play this video? A million slightly hyperbolic but close. We're encroaching on a million, maybe twice more a minute. This is Yuri Beov. You all know in the chat who Yuri Besman off is. If you don't, you should. Yuri Bessman off was a Soviet union. KGB defector. He came to the United States. Yeah, I know You know you love this video in the chat. I know he came to the United States and did like a media tour and he did a number of really long interviews. I want you to listen to Yuri Beov. This is from decades ago, shows you how long this has been going on.


The ideological subversion from the inside out has been a project of the Soviet Union, Russia and enemies of the United States for decades. And all it took was getting people and secreting people into the country and into the thought system and into the ideological lineage of the Democrat Party to get people to divide each other up into boxes and to go to war with each other. That's why you can't detect Chinese spies in the Democrat party because they think the same thing. Listen to this, The other 85% is a slow process, which we call either ideological subversion or active measures, actively ate in the language of of the KGB or psychological warfare.


What it basically means is to change the perception of reality of every American to such an extent that despite of the abundance of information, no one is able to come to sensible conclusions in the interests of defending themselves, their families, their community, and their country. It's a great brainwashing process which goes very slow and it's divided in in four basic stages. The first one being demoralization. It takes from 15 to 20 years to demoralize a nation. Why that many years? Because this is the minimum number of years which requires to educate one generation of students in the country of, of, of your enemy.


Folks, they've been doing this since pre Vietnam era. All of that generation of far leftist radicals infiltrated the education system and have broken down the United States from the inside out and are now in charge of the very same universities coddling a bunch of pro terror protestors. Put that video up right now who are on college campuses with Hamas flags supporting a group of people that just murdered an American hostage. They tortured for 11 months. Watch this now You. see why this is happening. Put that up. This is it. This is in America.


This is on our Ivy League. What other evidence do you need that the Chinese Communist Party, the Russians, the former Soviets and enemies of the United States have succeeded in their mission. These are all, these stories are all tied together. Let me just kind of sum this up for you. And I got another Trump video from yesterday about how we fixed this. So this doesn't seem like a dower kind of macabre show. There is a fix to this. They took 20 years to do it. We're well on the way to fixing some of it. Not even close to done the Epstein story. There's a group of connected insiders that all take care of each other.


McCain, Republicans swampy the Bidens, they all take care of each other and cover each other's misdeeds up. They know AUSAs, department of Justice, people assisting United States attorneys. United States attorneys. That's how Epstein got away with it so long. Got a sweetheart deal. Republicans do it too. Bushes, all of 'em. That's why they hate Trump so much. They're then coddled by foreign money and influence that keep them all rich, fat, dumb, and happy. They then infiltrate staff positions into largely the Democrat party because they know that the swampy Republicans who may have took their money, won't say anything.


And the Democrats have the exact same ideology as they do. How do we destroy the United States? Fast, quick, right away, Morado. That's why no one ever detects 'em 'cause they don't want to. But in the same interview yesterday, Trump had the answer. There is an answer. And it's surprisingly simple, the answer to all of this division that's being paid for and fostered by foreign enemies of the United States and advanced by this deep state swamp. If we have objective values, higher values, not material earth-based values, cheap things like the melanin content of your skin, there's an emergency break on your behavior.


Trump nailed it yesterday in this interview. Quick break. I'll show you what I need.


you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep Trust me. I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. It's about the toll Poor. sleep can take every aspect of your life, but there's hope on the horizon. It comes in the form of Beams Dream powder. It's been a game changer for me. You. see, we're sleeping well with Sharper. We're more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws our way. And. today my listeners get a special discount on Beams Dream powder. They're science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleeps never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause the next day. grogginess But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of Reishi, magnesium, altheine, Apogen and melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. If you wanna try beam's bestselling Dream Powder Beam is now offering Bonino listeners an exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at checkout. That's shop BEA m.com slash bonino and use code bonino for up to 45% off. Thanks Beam. It's a great product. Check it out


in our last sponsor today. Jen, you sell. Ladies and gentlemen, here's Stephanie from Santa Cruz. Your skin probably got beat up a little bit this summer, right? She says I have skin damage from years in the sun. Love this product. It helped reduce the appearance of the various discolorations and leaves my skin looking younger. Great. Even at my age, Stephanie's raving about the gen cell skincare dark spot corrector a must have. Now after months of record heat and time in the sun, sunspots, brown spots, discoloration, even red and flame patches could all disappear in front of you very eyes. The Gen cell skincare guarantee is amazing. You'll see results the very first day guaranteed your money back. So take advantage of genus cell's. Current most popular package, which includes also the classic genus cell bags in puffiness treatment and immediate effects, all at about 70% off. So you can try the best skincare in the world for yourself, completely risk free. It's simple. Go to genus sell.com/dan today and start looking years, even decades younger tomorrow. Genus sell.com/dan as a special gift. Every package order includes a brand new genus. Sell liquid collagen builder free guaranteed to help remove the the appearance of your skin, help improve the appearance of your skin, hair and nails. It's yours free today. Gn c.com/dan jenel.com/dan give it a shot.


Alright, back to the show folks. There's a corrective measure to all of this. The reason liberals are so open to the division and destruction of the United States is because they don't believe in merit, because their own merit has got them nowhere. Are we clear on that? They're typically life losers sitting there doing bizarre things with hot pockets in basements. You know, sitting there overdosing on porn from a computer they stole from their mom and dad. That's who a lot of these losers are. So because they see that the world doesn't recognize their unbelievable hot pocket talents and they can't do anything else, they, they, what do they do? They shit on merit because they're, they have no merit and merit. The merit based system has gotten 'em nowhere.


So they wanna burn the whole system down and they wanna make sure they take everyone with them. Okay? If you have an allegiance to objective values that come from faith, whether Christianity or whatever faith you believe in and and And I, I mean I, I'm a Christian, okay? I believe in my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ and I'm proud to say that. but it gives you an objective set of values that you should do right? Because Jesus wanted you to do right, doesn't mean you're not gonna do wrong. It means you should feel shame when you do. And believe me, I feel shame all the time. I do a lot of stupid things. I regret. I hope you understand that. But shame is a gift.


You understand how when you're a modern communist liberal, there is no shame. Everything is the ends justifying the means, even the destruction of the United States to take down the system. You think, did you so wrong? 'cause your hot pocket skills aren't recognized. Trump has a unique ability to nail This stuff. You don't have to love him, folks, you don't even have to vote. You don't vote for 'em. You don't want, I can't make you. It's a free constitutional public. But he has a very unique ability to pinpoint how America's thinking about things at any given time. Here's the exact same podcast. Here's Trump on faith and religion. This is good. Check this out. One Of the tragic things about life is that it ends.


How often do you think about your death? Are you afraid of it? I have a friend who's very, very successful and he's in his eighties, mid mid eighties. And he asked me that exact same question. I said, I turned it around And. I said, well, what about you? He said, I think about it every minute of every day. And then a week later, he called me to tell me something and he starts off the conversation by going talk tick tuck. Yeah, this is a dark, this is a dark person You know in a sense. But it is what it is. I mean, You know. If you're religious, you have, I think a better feeling toward it.


You know you're supposed to go to heaven, ideally not hell, which you're supposed to go to heaven if you good. I think our country's missing a lot of religion. I think it really was a much better place with religion. It it was some, it was almost a guide. You know, to a certain extent, it was a guide. You want to be good to people without religion. There's no real, there are no guardrails. I'd love to see us get back to religion, more religion in this country. You. see how he always seems to put his finger on the pulse of something. You know. Listen, he's he's, again, he's probably not gonna be Emily Dickinson with You know writing poetry when he says it. But he doesn't have to.


'cause people don't talk like that. That's why there's this magnetic attraction to him as a candidate. He's as fallible as anyone else. But he always seems to nail what people are thinking on issues like this. He understands the Dan Bonino Emergency Break theory. The reason conservatives will never be a danger to liberals, real conservatives is that there's an emergency break on our behavior, faith in God, and give us a set of objective values. We don't need to be told. We're glad we have a constitution. Don't get me wrong, But. I don't need to be told by a constitution what my rights are. 'cause they don't come from the Constitution, they come from God.


The Constitution just enumerates them. Your rights do not come from the Constitution. They come from God, your creator. It puts an emergency break on what you can do. I don't need to be told, don't murder someone, rob someone or forced entry into the house and beat the shit out of 'em by a constitution or a law book. It's wrong because I have faith in a higher power that's gonna judge me. Soviet style, communist liberals, the radical far left, there's none of this. That's why BLM has no problem taking your money and building large mansions.


The ends justify the means. Man. They don't care. They're mercenaries. That's all. What do I need to do to quote, get mine? That's it. There's no set of higher values at all. Do you understand that? Where about don't do this because God gave us rights and others rights. And. I can't violate them. Emergency break liberals, I gotta get mine no matter who I stomp on. It doesn't matter. Trump totally gets this folks and the gatekeepers to this entire ideological subversion operation, which Beov talked about and which has been going on in the United States for years.


An effort to detach us from objective values like the family and like God, things that would put an emergency break on liberals, which communists can't have. They don't want an emergency break. They want them in the street hurting people. The gatekeepers to this subversion is unquestionably the media. The media uses multiple tactics to make sure people are stupid. Not to tie. This is an unintentional tie. Back to the beginning of the show. I didn't really plan, but this is another reason. They're so afraid of ai. The liberals and what the, the communist liberals appeal to useful idiots because of gaslighting by the media.


Lying, lying, often, lying confidently. And most importantly, number four, isolating people from the truth. When artificial general intelligence becomes pervasive throughout society, there's going to be no way to hide the truth from people anymore about how evil, what the Democrats are doing is. Do you understand that the media right now, although losing power is still powerful enough. I'll show you what I mean. I'm gonna show you two clips here. Show you exactly how you get this ideological, subversion and destruction from the United States covered up by them. Queue up for me. Cut one here. This is M-S-N-B-C, Joe Scarborough. He's got this guest on now.


Liberals could go to the interweb. It's a joke tomorrow. And look up Donald Trump indictment, Donald Trump prosecution, Donald Trump jail and see that Donald Trump has been falsely charged and targeted by a weaponized government over the course of three years. This is not news to anyone with half a functioning brain. There are mugshots, there are bullshit cases all over the country. They also know that Hunter Biden's laptop is real. Facebook was pressured to make it go away and almost nothing has happened to the Biden family because of it. Yet you watch this M-S-N-B-C segment. Now you're gonna see why liberals are such dumb asses.


And the guest on Joe Scarborough is pretending that Trump is the danger to them by get this, by weaponizing government. Listen to this. So David, in one of the reviews, I, I saw someone rightly explaining your title saying you, you aren't some resistance warrior. That actually is a very important historical basis to your title. Can you explain that? Sure. It's a quote from John Locke who 15 years ago And it. And the quote is where law ends tyranny begins. And that's a reference to the use by different authoritarian leaders throughout history. Where they start seizing power is they use the courts and law enforcement agencies to sort of punish their enemies, their political rivals, and protect their friends.


And I found that Trump did try to do that in his first term. And I think that would continue in a second term. Again, there are many public servants who stood up to Trump. They paid a heavy price for that. People thought that many of these career folks in the DOJ and FBI that the presidency would change Trump. Instead, Donald Trump changed the presidency. This is just an absolutely stunning, astonishing, attempted gaslighting. Buy this, dip shit on M-S-N-B-C. Trump changed the presidency. Has he even gone to his favorite search engine on the left and put Joe Biden Supreme Court student loans southern border?


It's Joe Biden that has changed the presidency. Also, Donald Trump is gonna weaponize the DOJ and the FBI. Has he even read the New York Times piece? The New York Times? I didn't say that wrong. Not New York Post. The New York Times piece, which outed the fact that Biden was engaged in a pressure campaign with Merrick Garland to get him to move faster behind the scenes on prosecuting Donald Trump. Is he even aware of Matthew Colangelo leaving a high ranking position in the DOJ to go and work for New York prosecutor Alvin Bragg in the fake fraud case against Donald Trump folks, the temerity of these people, the balls on these people.


But do you understand now why liberals, the useful idiots, not the malicious ones. They know exactly what they're doing. Believe me, they're the commies. I'm talking about the morons. Do you understand now why they're so stupid? Because they watch This stuff and they do no homework at all. This is why AI terrifies them. Can you imagine an AI TV app that worked as an automatic fact checker at the bottom of the screen? Folks, M-S-N-B-C be off the air in 30 days? There'd be, you'd never be able to watch it again. Nothing these people tell you is true.


You think this is that far off in the future? An app that runs automatically on the bottom of the screen, on the screen, processing information from the tv, audio and video and fact checking live time. You don't think that's possible? Imagine the Kirsten Weer interview with Tom Cotton this weekend where again, Kirsten, welcome from SN BBC or from NBC was turned into a total communist ridiculously claiming Kamala Harris was in Delaware for the transfer of the bodies of the 13 Abbey Gate military heroes who died. She was not there. Imagine an AI app at the bottom of the sc bottom of the screen, but a little, a red alert warning. This is false information.


No one would wa and with a, with a source, no one would watch this. Again, the ideological subversion in the United States and the destruction from within only works because media gatekeepers make sure it works. Here's another trick they use. Here's Scott McFarland. Another guy used to know, who used to be saying, here he is, teeing it up. Notice how this isn't really a question. It's more of a bunt to Kare John Pierre. Here's what they're doing here. They know, and I'm gonna, folks, please do not miss Tomorrow's show. Forgive me to do. But there's, I have so much material I can't fit it all in one day.


I have an extensive, well-researched segment tomorrow on exactly how I'll tee it up for you in a little bit. But exactly how the October surprise is gonna happen and why they will never concede the loss of the election of Donald Trump. Knock on wood if we win. So what they're preparing for right now, sorry for the intro, but this is important. They've gotta set the narrative, the media now about violence. They're gonna blame everything on Trump provocateurs, even though it's gonna be them in that period from November to January, the transition period that's gonna be engaged in extensive violence.


If Trump wins, I'm absolutely sure of it. The street violence will be outta control. So they gotta cover for it. So watch how he sets this question up. And January 6th of course has to be introed into it. You'll see what I mean after you watch. Check this out. Last One, the president in an interview said he's not confident at all about a peaceful post-election in America. What's the White House's concern about unrest, baseless challenges to election certification? And is the administration doing anything to prevent or protect against danger? So I'm, I'm gonna be really also very thoughtful here. Not get ahead of what's going to happen in the upcoming months.


I think, and going back to the the answer that the president gave, if you saw what, what happened on January 6th in 2021? I think any president who cares about our democracy, who cares about our freedom, who cares about free and fair elections, who truly cares about that would be concerned. You can't be blinded by what happened. Notice what McFarland does. Again, another guy used to pretend to be saying, notice the question that gets me every time. Gets me every time. I love that you guys did that. Very good. The question is about what are you gonna do to count the baseless election claim? They're baseless.


He doesn't have any idea what's going to happen in the election. There could be an obvious case of outright fraud where Joey bag of donuts is caught with a thousand fake ballots at a box. And I promise you if it benefits Kamala Harris, they will claim they're baseless. He's already established the fact that any challenge to the election is baseless. If they cheat and he wants to know what the Biden administration is doing about the danger with the subtle implication that the danger is coming from the right You. see why the January 6th narrative is so important to them. This is already providing cover to an administration that if they lose, I guarantee you, who's gonna engage in massive street violence?


There's gonna be street thugs everywhere and they're gonna blame it on the MAGA crowd. A hundred percent You. see how the media engages in the ideological subversion. Subversion, however, also requires a couple of other things from the inside out. It's not just ideological. You need to destroy a nation's economy. 'cause an economy can keep a nation afloat, even a nation in decay for a really long time, as long as it decays slowly what they call in political parlance a managed decline. So you've gotta destroy the economy faster because the American entrepreneur is not gonna go away quietly.


But you also have to destroy the border. Here's Chip Roy on an extremely important piece of legislation talking about the Save act folks. The save act is probably the most critical piece of legislation for this election. It would ensure a simple thing that only citizens can vote in US elections. The Democrats are adamantly against us and are willing to shut the government down because they want non-citizens to vote in an election. But there's a catch. The Democrat's response is, well, it's already illegal for non-citizens to vote in elections. Eh?


You sure about that? It may be illegal, but there's an interesting carve out for the states. Listen to Chip Roy, explain exactly what this is about and why this is so important. Check this out. The second piece to that puzzle is the impact on voting, the impact on non-citizens voting in our elections. It is by design. Democrats say, but chip, it's not a problem. It's already against the law for non-citizens to vote in federal elections. That is technically true. But what they don't go on to tell you is that federal law has been interpreted by courts to restrict the ability of states to actually check the data and collect the information or to take the documentary proof of citizenship that has been eliminated by the courts.


Wow. So Arizona, for example, has two different systems. They have a system for state and local elections, and they have a system for federal elections because the federal courts have restricted their ability to check citizenship on federal elections. That should tell you the state of the law. If you can't check citizenship during an election, then how are you gonna detect if non-citizens are voting You? see the bullshit being run by the media? Well, it's already illegal. It's only illegal if you can check it and make sure they're abiding by the law and doing it legally. You're never going to ideologically, economically and national security wise, subvert a nation from the inside out with sound defensible borders.


Look at this New York post cover. Three out of four arrested in Midtown or in a midtown migrant crime wave three outta four. Rest of the Midtown are migrant crime again and again. Three outta four. It doesn't matter if it's one out of 20, they shouldn't be here. They're here for one reason. The Democrats do not want a clear defined, defensible border because they need it. They talk about it all the time. They refer to it. It is their thing as replacement theory. You can read their own articles about it.


Just put in a search engine demographic destiny, just put in a search engine. New York Times, Michelle Goldberg, we can replace them. This is their theory. It's not ours. They're just mad at us for noticing. Folks, another key component of this is economic destruction too. And liberal states are leading the way in a bunch of bullshit, bogus, economic nonsense, voodoo like theories that are taking down this country from the inside out. I want you to watch this quick. This is Kevin O'Leary, Mr.


Wonderful. If you watch Shark Tank, he's a very, very strong business mind. He does some hits on Fox once in a while. I think he was on CNN. Here he is on a liberal network and he just goes for it saying how folks, you can't invest in these blue states no more. They're not investible, don't you? Are you ever gonna wake up? Jobs matter here. Take a look. And Here's the one thing that nobody saw coming, and this is the competition of states. I don't put companies here in New York anymore or in Massachusetts or in New Jersey or in California. Those states are uninvestible. The policy here is insane. The taxes are too high. We put them in Fargo, North Dakota because 40% of the people work elsewhere, including Boston.


So. I was You. know a bit of a debate with Elizabeth Warren about this. But I say, look Senator, we've gotta move the companies outta your state. 'cause you're not investible anymore. You're punishing people if they're successful. You overtax them, you hit them with a super tax New Jersey. What a mess. New York uninvestible in California. Wait, why is New York uninvestible? Try and do a project in New York. Try and build a Data. But yeah, I'm asking Don's point, is it beyond the taxes? Oh, the regulatory environment is punitive. I had a project in upstate New York, behind the grid in Niagara Falls for electricity, a global data center we were building. Eventually it got so bad with the the politicians in the local region and the state policy.


We moved it to Norway and all the jobs Norway has it now. Thousands of jobs coming outta that. New York don't care folks. New York don't care. Tomorrow I'm gonna do a pretty extensive segment on the people in our own party subverting our own movement as well. You've got the national review class. Charles Cook, this Nathan Douchebag kid. If you follow my Twitter, you'll see that today DBAs and generally life losers who have no audience and are upset 'cause they have no merit either at people like me who are the largest live streamers in the world, who have an audience. 'cause we actually move the needle. Unlike them, they deem themselves intellectual scions.


Everyone should follow. But the fact that nobody reads their stuff and many of the the people they're associated with have You know managing to lose, lose influence, that bothers them. So I'm gonna go into that tomorrow. I'm also gonna go into this Politico Hacking blind spot. States struggle to vet coders of election software. Oh, the probe on earth, the software misconfigured to connect to service in Russia. Russia. Why would Politico be writing about this and voting machines? I thought that was verboten. Another thing the Swamp Class doesn't want to talk about. You starting to sense with the October surprises already got a big show on this tomorrow. Don't miss it.


Tune in every day. 11:00 AM live or the biggest live stream in the world. We appreciate having you here. rumble.com slash bonino. If you wanna watch online, if you wanna watch on your phone, just download the Rumble app. It is free, absolutely free. rumble.com slash bonino. Give us a follow, download the Rumble app. Give us a follow on Apple Podcasts and Spotify as well. We deeply appreciate it. See you on the radio show and here, here on Rumble in a little bit. And back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM Eastern Time. See you tomorrow. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.