
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. You Know, here's where I get this bonino rule from. So You don't think, I just like pulled this thing outta my caboose somewhere and made it up. I will never forget being a street cop in New York, especially when you're on a foot post. 'cause when you're on a foot post, you're out there. You don't have the, you know, you don't have the, the vehicle, the car insulating you from the environment. You hear and see everything. You're there. You're right there. You, you would see stuff break out right in front of you, a robbery or something else. You'd be sitting there from other, they wouldn't see you and they'd rob someone and you'd be stunned because you'd see everything. It'd be a guy, say five foot one with a red jacket and blue jeans, or five foot two, some short guy, whatever it is.


And the lady then come up to you, you'd run over and try to help him out, right? And lady was getting mugged. He'd say, oh my gosh, did you see him? He was like, seven feet tall with a blue jacket and red pants inverting everything. And you'd be like, that's not, that's, that's not what happened. That is why the first version of any event, even with the media, is almost always wrong. It applies yesterday to what happened with this school shooting. I'm gonna try to be helpful today. Unlike the losers and morons in the media, rushing information out, turned out to be wrong, already telling you a story rather than the story. And I'm gonna help you out with some actual research on these school shooting things if you're a parent.


A little bit of time on that now much. And then I have to get to some huge updates on this January 6th IG report, because Benny Thompson's looking for a, pardon the January 6th committee chair.


There's a reason the ultimate sleep refresh for the New Year's Beams Dream powder. Get up to 45% off for a limited time at shop Beam dot com slash bino. Use code bun Gino at checkout.


Got that a lot more for you today. Also, don't believe anything coming from the government right now about this drone story, either. Not gonna spend a ton of time on that. You get the point. But there's an update from Trump yesterday at the Pressor.


Hey, what you do online is not private data. Brokers are tracking, creating a profile of your online activities, your spending habits, even your values and beliefs in the us. They're legally allowed to sell that info to whoever wants to buy it. But there's a way to push back and hold onto your values. Privacy, autonomy, and freedom. With express VPN, express VPN 100% of your online activities rerouted through secure, encrypted service. It makes it impossible for internet providers to know what you're doing online. ExpressVPN also hide your IP address. So data brokers can't use that number to build a profile and sell it. ExpressVPN is easy to use. It takes just one click. Works on all of your devices, phones, tablets, smart TVs, decks, desktops and more. Or you can have it on up to eight devices at once. So you can give the gift of privacy and freedom to your whole family. Right now. You need an extra three months for free when you use my special link. So go to ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino and get three extra months of ExpressVPN. That's ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino. Go today.


Alright fellas, let's go folks. Here's what I mean. The first telling of an event is almost always gonna be wrong. We had this school shooting yesterday at Madison, Wisconsin. An obvious tragedy report came out. There were five people that were killed, then there were three people that were killed. And then you've got this police chief who goes out there and he doesn't wanna say the, the, the gender or any kind of identifying characteristics of the suspect in the case, which of course, which of course fosters a lot of people's, gets their minds going on. Well, why would they hide that? This is the kind of stuff, and this is the main reason behind the invocation of the Bongino rule, which is just wait before, during any conclusions.


Talk about a story all you want. But I'm telling you, the first telling of events is almost always wrong. Even from eyewitnesses. No less eyewitnesses talking to someone else that's talking to the media. I want you to listen to this. Just quick 30 seconds from the police chief. And this was very suspicious from the start. Why would you not say the gender or sex of the, of the, of the suspect in the case? This was very bizarre. Check this out. Here Are the details. Today at 10:57 AM our team was called to the Abundant Life Christian School in reference to an active shooter. We know that three people are dead, including the suspect shooter.


We know that the suspect shooter was a teenage student who attended the school at this time, we're not releasing the age or gender of the student or any other identifying remarks about the student. Alright? Again, I, I know they're dealing with a lot, but that just started to again, get people questioning. If the American media and other people have put so much pressure on police officials that right now even police investigations where information value to the public, valuable to the public is being held back because they're afraid it's gonna be perceived like another Nashville incident.


The answer is, the facts aren't a problem. Just get 'em out there. The first telling of a story is almost always wrong. Shock, stress. They distort reality. People see things and hear things that aren't there. It is the genesis of the Bonino rule. It's why I try not to get emotional about stories. Tragic or not. I try to just get the story out there, put a little color to it, give you an opinion on it. So you know, you, this is the home for truth for you. I'm trying to get out some helpful information. So for those of you out there who have kids in schools, you're a school administrator, an SRO School Resource officer, or police officer. Again, I'm not gonna spend a ton of time on this because tragically these things do tend to happen.


I wish they didn't. There are problems. Of course, the left's creating a story. It's all about the guns. As if guns haven't existed for 200 years. No one's ever goes, well, why didn't we do this when there were guns around in the fifties? Why? Oh, I don't know. I don't wanna ask those questions 'cause they're inconvenient. Maybe. 'cause we had families and churches and we didn't have the left, you know, a a sailing our culture every day. I don't know, don't ask those questions. They're really inconvenient. I'm gonna get to that part in a second. But this secret service analysis. I know they've been going through a rough time with some terrible tactics and really screwing up with Trump. But they've done some really good things. They did part of this when I was there. They started, this is the National Threat Assessment Center, the you'll see at the bottom, nac.


This is a study they did with the Secret Service on school shootings and targeted violence folks. The link to it is in the newsletter, bonino.com/newsletter. It's free. You know the, the pay for anything. We don't spam your inbox. If you go there, you will see this link. I strongly encourage you to download it. There's about 10 bullet takeaways. I'll just go through some of 'em really quick. If you have a kid in school, these are the things they notice studying. Just a bevy of incidents, just like this. Targeted violence at schools. Attackers usually had multiple motives. Wait, go back to the first one. You're already zipping past we go. Yeah, attackers usually had multiple motives. The most common involving a grievance with classmates.


Not surprising. There was usually some trauma in the classroom with these kids. Bullying and things like that. I mean it's, I mean, everyone who's bullied gonna go up and shoot a school up. No, but this is an issue. Most attackers use firearms. They were often acquired from the home. This is something I talked about yesterday. I am a big believer in the Second Amendment. I'm also a big believer in personal responsibility and securing your firearms. I'll go through a couple more here. Most attackers had experienced psychological, behavioral, developmental symptoms. Again, the kind of thing that if a child is going through some issues independently of being bullied and ends being bullied too, you gotta be careful. Okay? These, it can tip over the edge, especially if You don't have a good support group.


Half the attackers had interest in violent topics and you'll see this more if you just wanna scroll through quickly. The rest of 'em. Social stressors and things like this. Folks, this report is out there for you to read. Can't recommend it enough. Is it some dispositive final analysis? Like if you hit all 10 of these, you are definitely gonna be a school shooter. It is not. However, just like when the Secret Service goes out and investigates people who threaten the president, we have to designate them by a class, class one, class two, or class three. Really dangerous. We do it this same way. We look at bullet points. I'm not gonna say what they are 'cause I don't wanna give anybody any ideas, but if you meet eight outta 10 of 'em, then yeah, you could be kind of an issue.


So Check it out. I hope it's helpful. I'm candidly, honestly, genuinely trying to help here and not tell you bullshit stories about, it's the guns. There have been guns around forever. People going and parroting this stupid left wing narrative. Guns have been around since the invention of this thing called gunpowder. Wow, look, it explodes. It's incredible that this has only been a problem since we've had this attack on boys, this culture war in America. I'm not sitting here telling you that access to firearms for people in trouble isn't an issue. I just said to you five minutes ago, even less that yes, if you have a firearm in the house with a child who's troubled some 13-year-old boy or girl in trouble, that, and we, we know the shooter was a, was a girl now.


But since that, that's been clear. But then it's your job to secure the firearm. I'm not naive to that. You see what honesty looks like. Not the left. Here we go already with the gun. Did its story, which is fascinating because when the United Healthcare CEO was murdered with a firearm, with an actual firearm, did you notice the story wasn't about the gun? I thought they were against gun violence. What was the story guys? You remember evil healthcare CEOs? Hey, a guy shot 'em in the back. You see left wingers getting tattoos of the guy with the gun shooting him. So left wingers, go yourselves. Nobody buys your bullshit. You're telling people a story, not the story.


If you thought it was about guns, you would've made it about freaking guns too. When the United Healthcare guy got shot in the back. But you love that shooting, you didn't give a shit about the gun. So you could take that and shove it up your ass. You're full of shit and you know it. You just want a law abiding Americans. You wanna disarm them. And you saw an opportunity for us story rather than the story. Just like you saw an opportunity for an attack on free market healthcare last week. You didn't care that a guy used a gun. But here of course is Frank Zi, the infamous eight eight Loser eses in the check Guy's a complete dba.


Here he is, of course, on, oh, is it M-S-N-B-C or whatever. He does his commentary. Now I want you to notice the hypoxia. What he says here, he gives in the beginning what seems like some reasonable answer. Well, we should look at this. Look this. And then he goes right to the gun at the end and says, one of the dumbest things you'll ever hear. You know, we've gotta look at these laws with kids and criminals with guns. Folks in the chat quickly, yes or no, aren't there already laws that prevent young kids and criminals from getting guns? Guys, I'm not sure any of you guys, firearms owners, Michael. Justin, I'm reasonably confident. Reasonable. I'm not too sure. I don't know a lot about a lot that if you are a kid or you're a criminal, that there are already things called laws that will prevent you from getting a firearm.


Check this out. You'll have, you'll have certain sides saying it's, it's all mental health and we need to get better at that. And you know what? That's true, but it's not all mental health. We'll have people say we need to lock down schools more and have many armed officers all over a school. There have been numerous cases where there have been armed officers and, and they didn't get there fast enough. And so that's not the issue. Guns continue to be the issue and particularly access to guns from people who should not have them, including criminal actors and young people who should not have access. So until we address all of these issues together and acknowledge the role of guns, we're not gonna see significant change.


Did, now, I just want this on the record here. Did you notice these left wing media outlets avoided the gun conversation altogether when the United Healthcare CEO was shot in the back in the middle of a Manhattan Street, Manhattan, which has some of the strictest gun laws in the world. Did you notice suspiciously that nobody seemed to give a shit about guns and that thing? Why? Because the left only cares. I'm like a little too wired for today's show. I'm sorry. I dunno if it's blackout coffee or me being pissed off because I love the Second Amendment and the ability to protect myself. The left doesn't give a shit about guns.


Do you understand that? It is a proxy argument. They don't care if the left cared about guns. Joe Biden would not have pardoned his son for a freaking gun crime. Dipshits on the left. They don't care about guns. They don't. No, they don't. Anyone in the chat? Remember when I did this whole spiel on the Second Amendment? Because I, I love the ability to defend yourself. It's a God-given, right? Okay. Why do the left go after guns? Here's your answer. It has nothing to do with the gun. The left needs you dependent on the state. A firearm gives you the ability to stand your ground and hold your own and protect yourself and your family independent of the state.


They don't want that. It's the same reason they go after healthcare. They don't hate healthcare CEOs. They hate the fact that they don't control healthcare. And the healthcare. CEO is in the way. That's it. The gun is in the way of having you totally dependent on the state. Folks. If there was a, you see the freaking gavel here. You know this. If there was ever a gavel drop, judge Bonino is ruled. You need to trust me on this. They don't care about guns. How do I know that? Because a lot of these leftist celebrities and rich people have guns. If they cared about the gun, I'm like, oh my gosh, the gun, we gotta get rid of that. It's so evil. They wouldn't have the evil device in the house themselves.


That's not what's going on here. The gun is a symbol of freedom. It's a symbol of a detachment from the government. You can protect yourself. The police are not there to protect you. They're there to enforce the law. They don't like that. They don't like that. Whenever they can tell you a story, they will. So does anyone find it even remotely curious that when the gun was used in Manhattan, the narrative was completely different? Here's a Washington Post article about the slaying of the United Healthcare CEO with a firearm in one of the most liberal cities in America, which strict gun laws.


Notice the headline. We've gotta get to put up the headline. It says, we gotta get the guns outta the hands of criminals in Manhattan. No, no, not that one. The other one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a Oh, that is that. That's that. They, Justin's confused. He's like, that's it. That's they, yeah. Justin's like going through the computer like, I'm a mess. Here's the headline to Washington Pose. It's nothing to do with guns. Guys. Shot with a gun in Manhattan. And what's the headline? Deny and delay the practices fueling anger at US Health. I thought it was the gun. I thought it was. Now it's practices fueling anger. Oh, practices like the government doesn't run healthcare. Their free market does and they don't like it. Or, or outside of Obamacare.


Yeah. Anger. Like shooting a guy in the back. Anger the practices, fueling anger. Like murdering a dude in the middle of stream Manhattan. Notice how the part, watch the post headline here. This headline has nothing to do with gun control. Nothing. Because they're looking for a story. So school shooting in Madison, it doesn't matter what the motive is. What happened if the child is in trouble, there's a mental disorder. Some socio pathological disorder. It doesn't matter. Thenar, the story the scumbag media comes in with right away. Scumbag media comes in with right away before they even know the story, a story they have in their head is, we've gotta get rid of guns.


Okay, what happens? School shooting ese and everyone else. We gotta do something about the guns. Like what pass laws against kids having guns. Because we already, we already have. We already have those. We already have those laws. Oh no, no more laws because I would've done better than the other laws. Nobody seems to bad guys don't see, the thing about bad guys is bad guys don't. They're outlaws for a reason. They don't give a shit about the the laws folks. The Stuart Thompson guy from the New York Times, who's gonna become a constant theme in the show. This is what I'm talking about by how, by these people come in with a preexisting rubric in their head about what a story's about before they know shit about the actual story.


Stuart Thompson and others school shooting. Wait, was it a white person? Was it a male? Was it a non-transgender person? The story's about the gun. That's it. It doesn't matter what happened in the event. All of that stuff is irrelevant to them. Healthcare. CEO Evil shot in the back. Do we make the story about the gun? No. I think there's a better story for us. We hate free market healthcare. We want the government in control. Let's talk about that instead of the gun. Yeah, but the other story's about the gun. Hey Joe Biden just pardoned his kid for a gun car. That's okay. He's a democrat. This isn't a gun control story. Now here, you doubt me.


Here's Bernie Sanders. Bernie Sanders, probably do anything to take your guns far left. Communist strata com. Love taking people's guns. Guns are what keep commies from taking over. So commun hate guns because the gun is in the way. Here's Bernie Sanders on one of the weekend shows talking about the United healthcare CEO shot in the back by a guy in a liberal gun control city. You'd think you'd have this great opportunity, right? For your silly, stupid gun control narrative. Nope. Here's Bernie seeming to put the little button there. Like guy was shot in the back and murdered. But, but what do you mean? But guy was murdered in the street.


Watch how they tell you a story. Never the story. Check this out. Elizabeth Warren obviously understands killing and, and murder and shooting somebody in the back is totally unacceptable. But what I think has happened in the last few months is that what you have seen rising up is, is people's anger at a health insurance industry, which denies people the healthcare that they desperately need while they make billions and billions of dollars in profit. Folks, there isn't a show out there that dissects the scumbags in the media better than this.


It's the reason we're the number one live stream. It's just a fact. And the Bonino Army's growing by the day. When you learn to see, when you learn to dissect the entire media, eco media ecosystem and the fourth estate environment out there, you will never see the world the same way again. My goal with this show, so you know, it's always been this way, was to give you an hour so you could listen to it in a car, in a commute home, right? Was to in that hour. Make sure that you are, your eyes are open all the time that you are awake but not woke. Because once you learn to see the media for what it is and to see through the bullshit, you will, I promise you, you will never see the world the same way again.


You will notice this everywhere. The media doesn't care about guns. They care about control. Now do you get the tie in from the two stories they need to control you? What's the best way to do it? To control your healthcare? The united healthcare CEO is in the way. So if he's murdered, we go. He is murdered. But don't make it about the gun. Make it about that. Now they see a school shooting in Madison. They know emotions are still hot. They can get people to hate firearms. Even though there's millions upon millions of, of legal law abiding gun owners in the country. Guns don't go off by themselves. They're like, Hey, it's an opportunity to get the gun outta the way. So people have to rely on the government. It is always about control.


Once you learn to see that, you will never ever unsee it. I wanna show you a video coming up next of this guy. When Obamacare was passed, Obamacare that is screwed up. The used to be free market healthcare system. They broke the system completely. Guy gets murdered because of it and yet they all walk away. They all walk away. Bernie Sanders and others pretending they had nothing to do with this. Oh, he deserved to die. Watch always, always bring receipts on this show.


Hey, what's your best gift this holiday season years or even decades off your appearance? Paulo looks really young. Everybody always tells me that you know what secret is genus cells. Only two weeks left to get the genus cell jawline treatment. With dual peptide and MDL technology genus cells most advanced ever, the jawline treatment not only helps tighten saggy jawlines, but plump the layers of the skin to help contour define and sculpt the jawline and neck area. Within minutes, people go abroad and spend thousands of dollars to get rid of sagging jawlines or double chins. They should try genus cell first 'cause no one else has the technology. With genus cell's immediate effects you can see tightening in minutes and just in time for the Christmas and holiday season. Save over 70% off genus cell's, complete skincare package featuring the jawline treatment and genus cells immediate effects. You even get genus sell XV wrinkle treatment included. It's really simple. Go to genus sell.com/dan today and start looking years, even decades younger tomorrow for those family get togethers. And as a special holiday gift, every package order includes a bonus beauty box with two skincare bestsellers, all orders are automatically upgraded to free priority shipping. Go to genus sell.com/dan G-E-N-U-C l.com/dan. Thanks genus sell.


Folks, I gotta tell you, I don't mean to interrupt my own show, but I'm really enjoying this show today. Even though it's a really hard, tragic topic to talk about. I dunno why I felt I need to tell you that maybe I really, I came into today's show, some shows I'm more excited than others because this is such an obvious example. These two contrasted stories of murder. They both involve murder, school, shooting, healthcare, CEO shooting. They both the the, the end game is the same and innocent person was killed. Yet the scumbags in the media are telling you two completely different stories, both of which they have a role in by creating this left wing cult. And yet they've divorced themselves from anything.


In one case it's the gun. The other thing, it's evil corporations. They never mention with this young woman, they'll never mention their role in the destruction of our culture. The church family that serve as a bedrock. And in the healthcare case, they will never mention to you that the reason the healthcare system sucks and folks believe me, I'm in it too. The healthcare system in the United States is broken is because the left is broken. Upwards of 40% of healthcare in the United States has government fingerprints all over it. That's why the process sucks. Now let me give you a little primer here on why everybody hates healthcare right now.


What Obamacare did folks, everybody paying attention write this down. It instituted two practices that will never work because they can't work. Okay? And I'm gonna play this video. This guy Gruber, he was one of the economists that helped design Obamacare talking about how they screwed you over 'cause they think you're stupid. You may, I don't know if you saw this video when it came out. You may have, but it's worth replaying. Obamacare instituted community rating and guaranteed issue. Community rating means very simply. Everybody's basically gonna get charged the same thing. Guaranteed issue means they have to guarantee you a healthcare policy. Oh Dan, that sounds great.


No it doesn't. Folks, if there is a guy who rides a motorcycle every single day, smokes cigarettes and drinks a gallon of tequila seven days a week, he should not be paying the same healthcare premium as you. If you're eating your vegetables, working out, doing the sauna, doing your cardio, getting eight hours of sleep a night, I'm sorry, the world is a tough place. Liberals, get off your mother and live in the real world. You dumb asses. What's happening right now is a bunch of really young, not very wealthy, 20 year olds are paying premiums the same as a 50-year-old guy like me with had cancer with osteoarthritis who is making money.


Why the hell is my 20-year-old daughter paying the same premium as me? That's what, could you go look it up if you think I'm lying to you. Community rating and guaranteed issue. And they use these complicated words to you at the drive through Leo Getz style. So all you young kids out there who voted for Obamacare celebrating this united healthcare CEO that got shot in the back, understand Obamacare's making you pay for a bunch of rich middle-aged people like me. That's a freaking fact, Jack. Look it up. That's a fact. You wanna know who f you at the drive through Obama and the Democrats look it up.


So because these healthcare companies now and these health insurance companies have to charge everybody the same thing. No matter how healthy or whatever life decisions, what happens, they have to start buying other practices. 'cause they have to control the costs or they're gonna go outta business. And that's why you are getting effed, period. No, yes, no, yes. Do your homework. Community rating, guaranteed issue. Go look it up. Here's the one of the architects of Obamacare, this economist real smart ass.


This, by the way, you wanna see a stupid smart person. This is the guy, you know my lecture about stupid smart people, how dangerous they are. Here he is talking about how they passed off the, the mandate which was tax forcing you to buy some. Here's what they passed and they confused you because you're all too stupid to do your homework. It ain't me saying it. This is the Obamacare, one of the architects saying it, watch this. It's Just, you can't do it politically. You just literally cannot do it. Okay? Transparent financing, unless I have transparent financing, all the transparent spending. I mean the, this bill was written in a tortured way to make sure CBO did not score the mandate as taxes. If CBO O scored the mandate as taxes to bill dies. Okay? So it was written to do that in terms of in terms of risk rated subsidies.


If you had a law which said healthy people are gonna pay in it made explicit that healthy people pay in the sick people get money, it would not have passed. Okay? Just like the people transparent, lack of transparency is a huge political advantage. And basically, you know, called to stupidity the American voter or whatever. But basically that was really, really critical to get to think, to pass. And you know, it's the second best argument. Look, I wish Mark was right. We could make it all transparent, but I'd rather have this law than not. You ever, you know, the stupid smart assholes, this guy's one of them. I will never stop playing vet videos by the way, 10 years old. You understand that this is one of the lefty lunatics that designed this telling you how freaking stupid you are.


You watching me? Here's the lefty's approach to you and the media. You are a freaking moron. How does that make you feel? They didn't tell you if you're 18 or 20, that you are subsidizing your rich parents' healthcare plan. They didn't tell you that. You didn't know that did you? If you're 20 years old going, holy shit, healthcare's expensive. It shouldn't be, you are 20, you have cancer, hepatitis aids. No, none of that. So what the fuck are you paying for? You're never gonna go to the doctor. What are you gonna go for the flu one year? It costs 200 bucks to see the doctor. Why are you paying 5,000 a year?


The answer is because you're paying for your mom and dad who already have money. You're paying for their stuff. And then when the healthcare guy gets shot dead in the middle of the street because they have to comply with this bullshit. You got all these go. Oh, look at this. This is great. You did this assholes on the left. It's like you broke up our society and you got all these kids shooting up schools. Oh, it's gonna be the guns as if a gun's a new invention. You did the same fucking thing with the healthcare system. I'm so tired of you assholes, man. I really am.


I'm, I'm in a, I'm in a good, like, I'm, I'm seriously in a good mood today. Like is there a good, a good dark Dan or a bad dark? I, I just, Do you see what they do? You see what the liberals do? They break society, they break healthcare, they break public education and then they turn around, kill people and blame us for it. And dumb asses fall for it. Have you even seen some people on the right? Yeah. Well these healthcare companies are fucked up. Yeah. Okay, great. Why you ever ask yourself why, why, why? Why are healthcare companies fucked up? Why? Why is it 30 years ago people generally liked their health insurance.


My father had Lawrence Healthcare and we, it was great. We had no problems. Why do people hate it now? Oh look, the lefties got involved. That's what happens every time To my conservative viewers out there who already know this, I'm sorry. You have to go through all this shit to the dumb ass liberals. Tuning in for the first time is the first time you've heard about community rating and guaranteed issue. Welcome to the Party Pal. It's Christmas movie season. Some of you'll get that scandal. Watch update. Why is one of the January 6th committee guys the chairman Benny Thompson, a communist democrat?


Why is he sound so open and receptive to a pardon by Joe Biden? I'm gonna tell you because something's going on and I think it involves obstruction of justice,


Having trouble Sleeping. He might. That's a perfect, he thought You and gee always use that line whenever you wanna drop ahead. Are you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Listen, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. It's about the toll poor sleep can take on every aspect of your life. That's why I love Beam's Dream Powder. You heard me talk about it. It's a science back nighttime blend for sleep. It's actually clinically shown to improve sleep and have you wake up refreshed. They sent me something to try about a year ago. I look forward to it. 2025. I'm determined to keep my life hacks going and the momentum going dreams part of my nightly routine. It's made a big difference. These other sleep aids cause a problem. They have This next day Grogginess issue. Dream contains an all powerful low all natural blend of REI Magnesium, L-theanine, Apogen and Melatonin helps you fall asleep, stay asleep, wake up refreshed the ultimate sleep refresh for the new year. Try it out. Try beam's bestselling dream powder and get up to 45% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at checkout. That's shop BE m.com/bonino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off. Try it. It's a big savings.


And our last sponsor today, Omaha Steaks, the perfect gift to deliver comfort and joy, the ones you love. With curated gift packages, Omaha Steaks consistently delivers unrivaled quality and taste. Hand selected by master butchers from the finest grass grain, finished beef, extra age flash, frozen at peak flavor and delivered right to you. And now you can deliver the perfect gift with 50% off sitewide at Omaha Steaks dot com. Plus our listeners get an extra $30 off with promo code bonino. A checkout minimum purchase and restrictions may apply. Been a big fan Omaha Steaks for a long time. They make it easy to shop with gift packages that are crafted. Every steak's perfectly aged for tenderness and handcuffed by master butchers in America's heartland grain. Finished beef has more mar marbling grass fed for exceptional flavors to choice of steakhouse and chefs or professional chefs around the world. The fan favorite filet mignon has earned a com, a coveted distinction of USDA certified tender. Give the gift to comfort, enjoy. But Omaha Steaks, Omaha Steaks dot com for 50% off sitewide and unforgettable gifts. And for an extra $30 off use promo code bonino at checkout minimum purchase may apply. That's 50% off at Omaha O-M-A-H-A Omaha Steaks dot com and extra $30 off with promo code bonino at checkout. Thanks Omaha Steaks, we appreciate it.


Okay, back to the show. Big, big scandal. Watch update. I got a little bit on the drone 'cause we've covered that. We beat that story to death and frankly, I'm sick of talking about it. You know, my theory on it. You have your own. That's cool. Much respect. I'm telling you, foreign actors are probably a good percentage of what we're seeing. Some of it's probably mistaken identity. Fine. I'm gonna get to that quick, but I wanna get to this first folks, the IG Report, inspector General. It's like the government Internal Affairs came out last week on the FBI's involvement January 6th. I've been talking about it for two days. We now know that FBI assets were embedded in the crowd on January 6th. Most of you're like, we've known that forever. We have Liberals denied it.


The media denied it. The FBI did not have assets on January 6th. They did. Matter of fact, there were agents there too. Someone asked me yesterday, how do you know that? I said, one of my friends showed me a selfie there who is a federal agent? Said there were other federal agents there. Someone asked me, why did he take a selfie? My answer was, I don't know. Maybe he didn't. This was before the whole, you know, a riot broke out there. So I don't know, maybe he was gonna take a picture because he thought it was, I have no idea why he took it. I'm just telling you he took it and was there. It's on my business why he took it. But I've seen it and I know there were federal agents there. So the full story of January 6th and the air quotes insurrection, I promise you has not been told here, is Eric Schmidt, a great senator from Missouri.


This guy's doing an amazing job. He was on a shortlist for FBI, director of Cash, didn't get it. He's on Maria Barter Romo show. There is a massive coverup going on folks. And I'm gonna tell you what it is right now. The January 6th committee, remember crying, Adam Kinzinger, Liz Cheney, Benny Thompson, Adam Schiff. Remember that clown show? Remember they put on the Hollywood Producer show, and I'm trying to get you to believe there was some massive insurrection. You remember that folks, that committee, I'm telling you right now, maybe have some severe criminal liability coming their way. I have zero doubt. They interfered with witnesses, they obstructed justice and they destroyed evidence. There may be real crimes there.


Here's Eric Schmidt on Maria's show. I'm talking about the assets, the federal assets and the crowd and the coverup going on right now. I think the January 6th committee knew there were federal assets in that crowd and covered it up. Watch this. The Inspector General is coming out with all of these facts. Does that mean that Liz Cheney and the JS six committee knew about this? Well, wouldn't that be great to know, Maria? But they destroyed all the documents on their way out. So again, this whole thing was propped up. I just think you have to look at the arc of the story here. The January 6th committee was set up for the very specific purpose of giving somebody like Jack Smith the reason to go charge President Trump.


That's right. And to take him out politically. You know, that's, that's the whole thing. They staged. They had a Hollywood producer Maria come in and do the January 6th hearings with Liz Cheney and Adam Kinzinger and that whole crew. It was a total joke. They destroyed the documents on the way out. Jack Smith props up these ridiculous cases that of course had no legal merit. The Supreme Court docs it out with the presidential immunity ruling. Anyway, Fannie Willis, their second in command is meeting at the White House, coordinating the number three person of DOJ goes to the New York prosecutor's office. And President Trump stared all of this down, all of it down and won. Won a mandate, won the popular vote. And here we go now with an opportunity for a real reform agenda, Folks, the January 6th committee was nothing more than a Hollywood movie production.


It was telling you, where am I going with this? A story. It was not telling you the story. The story of January 6th is far, far more elaborate than you've been told by the scumbags in the media. Oh yeah. Was that insurrection by some crazy MAGA hat wearing red hat wearing lunatics? Ladies and gentlemen, that is bullshit. This is a far bigger story. And I'm telling you what they did. They selected, do you ever see, here's a perfect example of what I'm talking about. Do you ever see one of these stories, I'm trying to think of a story where it resembles almost nothing like the real estate.


You ever see one of these Hollywood movies and it says this is based on true events. I'll give you a perfect example. The Texas Chainsaw Massacre. Remember at the end of that, they were like, this is based on true events. And it turned out that it was like the Ed Gein story. Ed GE had nothing to do with a freaking chainsaw and a leather face. Ed Gein was a serial killer. Like that was the only thing they had in common. Had nothing to do with a Texas chainsaw massacre. That's what the January 6th committee was. They were committed to a story MAGA hat wearing insurrectionists in Chewbacca. We're gonna take the country over. Any evidence that conflicted with that. Hey, there may have been maybe some Antifa, maybe some FBI assets in the crowd.


Was there some incitement involved? I'm not absolving everyone of blaming this. I wanna be clear. I'm just simply telling you that I'm willing to tell you the truth. And these assholes on the left are they eliminated that evidence and all of a sudden, a lot of the evidence, the January 6th committee had seemed to magically disappear. So that explains this. Why is Benny Thompson the chairman, all of a sudden, very nervous. And Adam Schiff too. And Benny Thompson seems really interested in a pardon? They don't want to answer what the informants instructions were on January 6th. Was it to incite a riot? I don't know. I'd love to find out. What did the January 6th committee, why are they playing dumb about the bomber, the pipe bomber at the DNC?


Why are they playing dumb about FBI assets and why destroy records? Why would you destroy records if you were interested in telling the story? I want you to watch this interview. This is the chair of the committee, Benny Thompson with Reverend Al guy's another joke and a clown here. They, he's asked about a pardon If he did nothing wrong, Benny Thompson. And this was all on the up and up. Then why would you need a pardon? Folks? I don't need a pardon for a bank robbery. I never robbed a freaking bank. What the hell would I seek a pardon for? Watch this. This is very telling. Check this out. So in light of that, do you think President Biden should do preemptive pardons? And would you accept one if he offered it?


Well, let me say this. If the president and his infinite wisdom determine that the work of our committee was legitimate and that we should not be penalized for doing what we as members of Congress should do, and he offers that part, I will take it. Of course, he'll take it. Because he knows there may be obstruction of evidence, obstruction of justice. I mean, excuse me, destruction of evidence obstructing justice, witness tampering. Folks, this story is huge. Now, let's go back and dial this back a little bit about why Benny Thompson, the chair of the Hollywood produced January 6th committee, is so nervous and wants a pardon?


Do you remember this line of questioning from Congressman Tom Massey, who has been all over this pipe bomber case? He asks Benny Thompson, it's about a minute and 20, but it's worth every second. He's like, Hey man, you were the January 6th guy. This pipe bomber planted. This bomber on January 6th at the DNC almost killed Kamala Harris. Why are we the only ones asking questions? Why haven't you touched that watch Benny Thompson. Oh, I don't know, man. If you guys know some of this, it's not our job. It's your job. You're the January 6th committee guy. Watch this and you'll see why this guy, he wants to tell you a story, not the story. Check this out. Are you, are you concerned about the lackadaisical attitude or the secret?


Or maybe you haven't seen the video. Have you seen the video of this discovery of the second pipeline? No. No. I let, let me, let me just say a lot of what you've said here today, I have not been privy to, but I am of the opinion that if the chairman wants to look into that, you convince him to issue the subpoena. I'll go with him. If I would like to show you that video at some point. I'm surprised your committee did not find it. I mean, there were two bombs that day. And according to FBI and A TF and and Capitol Police, they were operable, viable bombs.


One of them was just feet from Kamala Harris, who was gonna become the, the vice president of the United States. And the Secret Service sat there in their patrol cart. Looks to me like they finished eating their lunch before they got out to look at it. And then it was 10 minutes. This is all on video. 10 minutes before they got Kamala Harris out of there. And again, it is Secretary Mayorkas who oversaw the production of these documents, these, these texts, which were never produced. And that's a real problem for me. Where are the texts, the Secret Service texts on January 6th?


You think Benny Thompson, the chairman wants to know. Benny Thompson doesn't give a shit. Folks, the biggest scandal of our time is, who the hell planted the damn pipe bomb on January 6th at the DNC And what the, was Kamala Harris doing there? She still to this day does not want to talk about it. It was a setup. It was a fake assassination plot set up by an insider to stop Republicans from talking about election interference on certification day factor through. And that's why neither Benny Thompson or anyone else wants to talk about it, folks, whoever is the next secret service director and FBI director, if, if you're not gonna get to this story on day one and reestablish trust in these two prized entities, we need, we, I mean we need, we, we need these operations cleaned up.


If not disband them. If you're not gonna clean them up and get the FBI focused on actual investigations again and counter terror, then disbanded. It's useless. What's the freaking point? If the Secret service is not gonna protect the president and not engage in political coverups, then disband it. I'd rather have private security takeover. What's the point? So tired of being lied to. So I titled this segment scandal Watch. 'cause this is what we do because the media isn't even remotely. Where's Stuart Thompson on this story? Is he even remotely curious? You know what? That Ong Gino Conspiracy theist.


He's got a point. Why was Kamala Harris at the DNC? Why was there a pipe on there in the January 6th? Chairman? Doesn't even seem remotely interested. I don't know if Mr. Massey, if you got information. I thought you were the committee chair dumbass. I don't believe anything coming from the government anymore. And let me tell you something, you shouldn't either. You are being bullshitted all the time. These people are full of crap. Everything they tell you is nonsense. I don't wanna spend a ton of time on the drone thing. We've beaten it to death. But this is kind of important because President Trump made a comment yesterday at a press conference.


He does. Joe Biden, of course can't handle the press conference. It doesn't matter. Joe Biden's a Joe Biden is the, he's the pinot, the president name only right now. Donald Trump's the actual president right now, which is kind of funny to watch. Watch Joe Biden just be thrown to the scrap heat by both Democrats and Republicans. Donald Trump was asking a question about the drones yesterday, and he says the same thing. I'm, and you know, for all the people who think I'm crazy, I'm telling you the government knows who it is. It's going to leak out. 'cause I said yesterday on my radio show, the government can't keep a secret about anything. People have a bunch of loose slips, it's going to leak out. And most of these sightings, I shouldn't say most, a portion of them are going to be foreign drones surveilling our sensitive locations.


You don't have to believe me. I'm, I'm willing to go to I'm, I'll go to the wall on that one. It's not gonna be every single one. There may be some flag it, there we go. There may be some recreational stuff, some cases a mistaken identity. But I'm telling you, the government knows and Trump knows. They know too. Check this out. Yeah, good to see you. Can you comment on the drones that are flying around New Jersey ports? And it seems like the American people have a big dis The govern. The government knows what is happening. Look, our military knows where they took off from. If it's a garage, they can go right into that garage. They know where it came from and where it went. And for some reason, they don't want to comment.


And I think they'd be better off saying what it is. Our military knows and our, our president knows, and for some reason they want to keep people in suspense. So there's a theme to today's show. I don't know if you've caught it, but the theme is the media obviously telling you us story, not the story. And because they have to tell you a story that's not true, rather than this story, it is what they do is an intermediary to block people from ever searching for this story. Like the January 6th story block people from looking up why their healthcare sucks. Oh, look, I'm, healthcare sucks because of Obamacare and the government. They don't. So what they do is they put as, as a, as a blocker, it's like a fax vaccine to the truth.


They block you with Dr. Fauci, Jonathan Gruber, that economist you saw on tape calling you guys morons. They block you with the pseudo expert. The media will say, well, what do you know, Damon, you know about masks. You're not an expert on mask epidemiology. I may not be dumbass Stewart Thompson from the New York Times, but I can tell you this, I'm not stupid. Every freaking person that wore a mascot Covid. Everyone, everyone. So I always use the analogy of the condom. Say you have a lot of sex, may make you a little uncomfortable. Good. Maybe the analogy will hit home.


A condom is meant to be a prophylactic device. The whole idea is to prevent STDs or pregnancy. Correct? Imagine you have a lot of sex and every time you have sex, you get an STD and you get someone pregnant with a condom. Would you wear the condom anymore? You'd be like, no, Dan, that'd be stupid. That's the mask. Only Dipshits believe in the mask. But because they don't want you to see the truth, they block you with this patina of experts, the crust of experts. So you never get to the inside of this shit cake. They're selling you Fauci said, masks work. And liberals like, yeah, man, Fauci said so because they're too freaking stupid to do their own homework.


So a lot of these younger folks got caught up in this woke ideology now too, because the experts told them there's a difference between sex and gender. Really? What is it? Well, listen to them. Go on and on. Well, gender, you know, you determine later on at life well say, no, no, no, you don't. Let me give you a quick test. When a baby's born, you guys paying attention to this? This is very, you got everybody in the chat. You ready? Put down what you're doing. You got your coffee? Maybe your blackout. Take a sip. Okay? Mm. Put the coffee cup down. This is very, very advanced. You woke liberals ready?


If when your kid is born, born, they've got a unit downstairs, they've got a penis downstairs. It's definitely a boy. That's the sex and the gender. I, no, Michael's stunned Michael, like the, the chair, you know, mine's like locked his, he almost fell off the freaking chair back there. Justin had to make a ninja, like move away from the keyboard, grabbed him by the left hand. They almost dislocated his shoulder in the process, grabbing the freaking chair from falling over. 'cause Michael simply can't believe it. If your kid has a penis, the sex and gender are the exact same.


I don't buy it. He's, he's like this. He's like, he's going, I'm under the hood for review. He wants a, he's throwing the red flag. He wants a review on them. But the experts, the the stupid smart people, the Grubers, the Eses, the Benny Thompsons, the Fauci Yale School, Yale, this is an Ivy League school that actually believes sex, gender should be used to refer to a person's self represented. It doesn't matter what you self represent. If you've got a unit, you're a dude.


Nobody gives a shit what you self represent. There's a unit. A unit. No, please, please, please, please. I'm definitely a man. It's still there. I'm, this is not hard. This is not difficult. This show is freaking crazy. Where's this all coming from? Do you see this clip went nuclear yesterday on social media. There's a dumb ass left again trying to tell you our story. Sex and gender are different. Really? How come there are no women dominating men's sports? If there's no difference? Just, I'm curious, how come there's not a woman who thinks she's a guy who's like competing at the UFC heavyweight level?


I'm just, I'm just curious. Why is it, why are there, why isn't it a single NFL quarterback that has chromosomes for a woman who thinks she's a good wife? There's no difference. I'm, I'm just, I'm just curious why is that? Here's Ted Cruz questioning an expert. This is great. This is a big w for say at Senator Ted Cruz. Hey, why do women's sports exist then? If there's no difference between the two things? Check this out. I'm trying to get a yes or no. I'm not trying to get, get a speech. Oh, is there a difference between women and men? I think that there are definitions for biological sex Different. Okay, so you're not answering then lemme ask you this question then. Why do women's sports exist? I, I, i, if you can't define a difference between women and men, why not abolish women's sports and just tell little girls to swim with little boys and see who wins.


Oh, I'm simply saying that, that Sex different my question Than gender. I do believe women's, why do women sports have a great Value? I mean, Senator, I'll tell you Right now. Ms. Robinson, please answer the question I'm asking you. Absolutely. Why do women's sports exist? I think that there are so many positive benefits to sports. I mean, but why have a separate category for women? If, if, if there's no difference between women and men, why to have women's sports? I'm saying that there's a difference between sex and gender and that the NCAA has rules in place, which they have for the last decade. Mr. I would like to enter related record an article from Duke, duke Law called Comparing Athletic Performances for the best Elite women to boys and Men. And it goes through examining in 2017, the top records for women in the world in various track and field events.


So for example, in the a hundred meter, the top record for women in the world was 10.71 seconds. Now, that record for the number one woman in the world in 2017 was in the year 2017, broken by 124 boys under 18. In that same year, the record for the number one competing woman in, in, in the a hundred yard, a hundred meter dash in the world was broken by a total of 2,474 men. Yes, You get it. You get the theme. How dumb asses in the media and their moron.


Leftist acolytes only exists to tell you a story, not the story and the fax vaccine wall in between that they get the dumbass disciples. That keeps them segregated a story from the story. So they never see the truth. Are experts like this moron up on Capitol Hill. Experts Look at this story from the Daily Caller, the Biden administration full of experts, by the way, dumped hundreds of thousands into ensuring military parents affirm their child's gender identity. Let me save you hundreds of thousands of dollars with this very simple test.


Look at that. That's great. If you got a penis, you're a dude considerate, a considerate a firm. Send me the hundreds of thousands of dollars. I'm making charitable donations this year. I will send it off to Folds of honor or someone else. Save the tax payers to money, please. Peace folks. Man, today's show has been like a lot, a lot. I've been in a mood all week with this stuff. 'cause I, I, I feel like I've hit this inflection point in my life where I'm not gonna let anyone fall for stupid anymore.


I'm gonna tell you something and I wanted, I'd see if you, if you guys agree with me, I'd love to hear it in the chat. Trump's lasting gift I said to you was going to be his remaking of the Republican party about the working man minority communities, and I still believe that, but I would say either tied or second, his biggest gift to the Republican party is going to be a finally, a cracking of this woke culture where the, the, the, the facade of expertise was completely collapsed. The Dr. Fauci of the world, the Obamacare Gruber guy, the Frank Esei, the FBI managers that were supposed to be experts in counter-terrorism investigation.


The allure of expertise has been shattered by a brash New York City billionaire who came in like a wrecking ball and said, you know what? I'm not saying these people aren't smart. They may be smart in a very specific area, but the fact that they've taken that expertise into politics and tried to control the lives of millions of people, these people are the problem. They're not the solution to the problem. I would argue that that's Donald Trump's either equal or second greatest gift to the Republican party is fracturing this illusion that the left is the party of expertise. They're the party of morons. Wear a mask, get the vaccine. Men can be women. Women can be men. The government can control healthcare. The gun's, the problem.


All wrong. You were right the entire time. Folks, thanks again for tuning in. Hope you enjoyed today's show. Please spread the word. Tell your friends where they can find us. We are the biggest livestream in the world, number one yesterday. Thanks to you, I so deeply appreciated. Bonino Army, hashtag Bonino Army on X and true social rock on man. I really appreciate it. Go to rumble.com/bonino. We are only on Rumble For the video show audio, you can check us out on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Go to The Dan Bongino Show. Just give us a follow while you're there on those platforms. Download the Rumble app too. We really appreciate it. Thanks so much for tuning in. I will see you back here tomorrow. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.