
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan. Bonino. Folks, it's catching on. Lemme tell you something, nothing pleases me more as a political commentator when we throw something out there into the ether and then it gets picked up by people and starts to get spread around. I mean, nothing pleases me more. What am I talking about? Snapshots and sound bites, man. I've said it over and over. Political campaigns are about pictures and small little sound clips of audio, audio, video. It doesn't matter. Same, basically, same thing. That's it. That's all they are.


Think about it. Are you undecided? No, you are not. You knew who you were gonna vote for two and a half years ago and Donald Trump hinted at running again. Okay? You are not the target at this point. The campaign is coming down to undecided. Basically independents and moderate Republicans and Democrats, they will only be convinced. I'm telling you by pictures and soundbites. That is it. That is it. They are obviously not that deeply involved in politics like we are. It's not an insult. It just is what it is, and they're just waiting and it's gonna be these things. And who is winning the snapshots and soundbites war at this point? You're a lunatic. If you believe it's anyone other than Donald Trump, I feel good.


I don't feel great. Someone said this morning, oh my gosh. Conservatives are being doomers. We're not being doomers. I'm just telling you, if we don't execute, we can lose. And anyone telling you otherwise is lying. However, I would much rather be Donald Trump than Kamala Harris, especially after yesterday.


Hey Bonino. Listeners get access to Beams Black Friday sale before anyone else Enjoy up to 50% off at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino Don. Don't miss their biggest sale. Get a good night's sleep.


I got that. I think you all know what I'm talking about. Trump's biggest media owned yet the Garbage truck at the rally with the vest just absolute classic. Donald J. Trump. I mean, you can't beat this guy for marketing. Marketing and politics is no different than marketing anywhere else. You're selling a product. That product is you.


Hey, it's been said. We have two ages, our true age and our biological age. The biological age suggests how healthy or unhealthy we are on the inside. You want your biological age years younger than your true age. You wanna know how I'm doing it? Field agrees. Folks. I've been through a lot in my life. Cancer and all this stuff. I candidly, at 50 years older, approaching it soon have never felt better. One of the big reasons Field of Greens, I used two scoops twice a day. One in the morning, one at night. This morning I put it in green tea. What is Field of Greens? It is every fruit and vegetable. It's a ground up powder, fruit and vegetable. And every one of 'em was selected by one of their doctors to help support vital body functions like heart, liver, kidneys, metabolism, and immune system. Only field agreeance is backed by the Better Health Promise. At your next physical or checkup, I bet your doctor will notice your improved health from good nutrition like me or your money back. I just had blood work done I showed you. I'll show you the results when it comes in. Join me in the better health with 15% off in free shipping. Visit BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan and use promo code. Dan, it's worth it. What's promo code? Dan at? BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash Dan.


Alright fellas, let's go. Here's what I'm talking about. Mike Flynn Jr. Who I know well, good guy. Mike Flynn Jr. Put this out on Twitter last night. A friend of mine sent it over. Snapshots and sound bites. Kids Eon Gino. Thank you. Mike Flynn Jr. We appreciate it. And what was he talking about? Because they weren pictures involved. Here were the pictures. If you're listening on Apple or Spotify, we got the mugshot, the in the, the, the, the fight, fight, fight. The iconic fight, fight, fight. Picture. Trump waving at the McDonald's drive through at the McDonald's apron and now we've got a new edition. Donald Trump.


These are not photoshopped in the orange sanitation vest in the Trump Maga Garbage truck. Ladies and gentlemen, snapshots and sound bites win campaigns. And I'm telling you right now, this guy is absolutely politically kicking their asses on the left with this. I have never felt better. I am not a dor. I am a realist. I get that people out there want this thing to be over before it's over. I understand. I am not going to spin your wheels. I'm not a lefty. I'm not gonna lie to people. I think we are in great shape. You understand? Does everybody get me in the chat? I think we're in great shape. But I got another nice compliment on Twitter.


I, I liked it this morning. I don't know this gentleman, but he said no one's done more to turn out to vote than Dan Bonino. I don't, I, there are people who have. I appreciate that. I mean Scott Pressler and others, however, I appreciate that. Yes, get out and vote. Vote early. Vote early and in person. Vote early and in person. Do I gotta say it again? Vote early and in person. The fact that people know that I'm trying to not just talk, but get people to do matters. The snapshots and the soundbites don't matter if we don't show up. They gotta motivate you to do. You've gotta go out and vote early. Voting is still going on. You have an opportunity in many states to get out there in person.


Folks, you don't vote. I'm sorry this show is not for you. So what happened yesterday? I'm sitting home, the show is done. I had put it all together and I'm sitting up in this little like office area. I like to kind of chill in at night because it's dark, but who really gives a shit about what I'm doing at night? I like, you know, I gotta fall asleep and stuff like that. Get those melatonin levels up. And a friend of mine texts me and says, you're never gonna believe it. He says, Donald Trump took all of our advice and showed up in Wisconsin with a Garbage truck, with a Trump sign aside. I said, yes, yes, there it is. There it is. Why does this matter? Because for the umpteenth time, what wins?


Political campaigns. Those shots at Selma. How many times are we gonna say this over and over? Who gets snapshots and sound bites? The Trump team. Who doesn't get it? The Kamala Harris team folks, this is just brilliant. This is just what they do. They have now known as the lefthand meme. What's that known as the lefthand meme. The left can meme. He says the left can, they can't meme. They don't know how to make something punch optically seeing it or the auditory. They, they don't know how to do it. This kind of stuff is how you win a news cycle. You can laugh at it all you want on the dumb ass Communist media left laugh all you want.


If you lose this thing, you will be crying on election day specifically because of things like this. And you've got your snapshots, you've got your sound bites. Rule number one of politics, right? I've given you all the rules. You have the Dan Bonino handbook. I promise you will analyze the political situation better than anyone. It's how I called the 2016 election before it happened. Go back and listen. The other thing you need to understand why I feel good, good but not great about the election, good is because of contrast. This is a one versus two, an A versus B. You can be an okay candidate running against an awful candidate and you look like an amazing candidate.


If it's good versus good candidate, you may have a problem. The contrast in styles between the absolutely hapless, not funny, socially inept, Kamala Harris and Donald Trump, who just never seems to get caught in an awkward moment. And even when he does, he makes it funny and not awkward, is just night and day. Fox ran a a a compilation yesterday. I think It was on the five of awkward Kamala Harris moments. She's just freaking cringe folks. She is cringey bad. Here's Donald Trump telling a story about how backstage he thought he should take the vest off the sanitation vest, the orange vest, because he thought it may be awkward and then he turns it into a Donald Trump moment.


Gee, I was gonna cut this a little shorter. Gee made a call. He's like, Dan, I think you should leave the minute and 20. I was gonna cut it about 59. He said, the whole thing is funny folks, you need to see this. This is why Donald Trump is coasting into election day, I believe. I just went, why don't you say I feel like we're in really good shape. Here's why. Watch this. And then I got in the car and I'm driving over here and I have this still on, and I come into the arena and I say, where's my jacket? I wanna get outta this thing. And they said, it would be unbelievable if you could wear it on stage. I said, and I said, no way.


I got 25,000 people standing outside. I got all these people here. There's no way I'm wearing it on stage. They said, oh, okay sir. I said, get me my jacket, but if you did, you know it actually makes you look thinner. I said, and they got me. I said, I wanna wear it on stage. When they said I look thinner, I said, in that case, I'll wear my myself. I may never wear a blue jacket again. I may go, I may go in the, I said that.


That was my, that was the word. That was the key, sir, you look thinner. So anyways, I got it, folks. You in the chat, you get you. You get what I'm talking about. He has the ability to turn a situation that would make someone with a low social IQ feel outta place and awkward. What do I do in the vest? What do I do at McDonald's? And he's just funny, I don't know how to describe it. People have been trying to describe market and bottle charisma for centuries. How many times, I gotta say it, the French have a word for it. The Genis, which basically means don don't know.


Nobody knows what it is. You just know it when you see it. The old line about porn, right? What is porn? I don't know, but I know when I see it, oh, you know Charisma's the same way. He's just funny. He's just funny. You have to be likable. Kamala is just really, really bad at this. She has no ability to make people comfortable with her at all. This is why I don't buy a lot of this. Oh Trump, you know the mean tweets and all that stuff. It's kind of offset by Trump at the rallies where he's just funny. Now the, okay, I'm trying to make a solid case to you, to the chagrin of some on Twitter as that we are in good but not great shape.


I always give you the good and the bad. The good news folks, the early voting numbers I'm gonna get to in a minute are only getting uglier for the Democrats. The bad news, they could still surprise us a little bit on election day. They could, the chances of that are getting smaller as we start racking up the votes. Kids remember polls, who gives a shit about polls anymore? It doesn't matter. The only polls I care about are early voting polls don't mean Squat I, I'll give you an example. You want a 500 person Poll outta Pennsylvania or a 300,000 person sample size of who shows up. Oh, okay, I'll take the Poll. Thank you. Me too.


The numbers are savagely brutal for the Democrats. But make no mistake, they could still surprise it. It's not Doomers stuff. It's meant to motivate you to get out there by telling you the truth. But here's some, a really, really good piece of good news to dispute the whole DOR narrative, which is nonsense, but it, you know, I get it. Produce your work, show your work, right? Here's Harry Anton at CNN. I play this guy a lot. I think he's been an honest voice over there. Here he is with some really, really bad news for Kamala Harris. Folks, this is the number that should stick in your cr.


Most of all. No incumbent, no incumbent has won a presidential election with a sense of malaise, right direction, wrong direction for the country like we have now with this number. It's never happened. It's never happened. Don't listen to me. This is on CNN. Check this out. Just 28% of Americans voters think the country is going in the right direction, is on the right track. and I want you to put that into a historical perspective for you. Okay? What's the average percentage of the public that thinks that the country is on the right track when the incumbent party loses it's 25%. That 25% looks an awful bit like, like that 28% up there.


It doesn't look anything, anything like this. 42% doesn't look anything like this. 28%. So the bottom line is very few Americans think the country is on the right track at this particular point. It tracks much more with when the incumbent party loses than with it wins. In fact, I went back through history. There isn't a single time in which 28% of the American public thinks the country is going on the right track in which the incumbent party actually won. They always lose when just 28% of the country believes that the country is on the right track. Again, folks produce your work, right? Anyone with a show and a Twitter platform can open their yapper, their freaking soup cooler and say whatever. Oh, we're gonna win.


Oh, we're gonna lose. We're gonna win big. We're gonna lose big. It's a red wave. It's not a red wave. It's a blue wave. Abortion. Women are voting matter of vote. Show your work. I'm gonna show you numbers coming up here in a second. But the right track, wrong track, Poll, those numbers are accurate. There is not a single incumbent or vice president who has ever won with a wrong track number like that wrong track, right track number ever. You can't have this many people dissatisfied. Now, the problem Kamala Harris is having is she has been unable to detach herself from the trappings of the Biden and Harris administration.


She's been unable to say, Hey, Joe Biden did this, but I didn't agree with it. She keeps going on TV saying, well, there's nothing coming to mind. Nothing comes to mind that I would change from Joe Biden. Well, Kamala and 60 70% of America thinks that sucks. You really believe on election day you're gonna get a mass break of Democrats. It still means you gotta show up folks and you gotta bring 10 people. I'm just afraid. I am deathly afraid of a lack of enthusiasm. Please tell me I'm wrong, folks, this show's for you in the chat. Please. Who was this? I said, I'm just trying to read the chat.


Please tell me I'm wrong. Tell me I'm panicking. I'd love to hear it. 'cause I always say panic kills. 'cause in my last line of work, you panicked, you probably die. That's why we always to say don't, don't shit the bed. Right? That was our line in Secret Service. Don't ever shit the bed. They obviously didn't mean it physically. It meant don't panic. I, I just want to seal the deal. and I am deathly afraid that if people hear this, Hey man, look, we're so ahead. We're way ahead that they weren. They may vote, but they're not gonna bring their 10 friends. And one more thing folks. I don't only wanna win, I wanna, I'm correct. Thank you. I'm not, who just said that? You're not wrong. Okay, black Rifle two A, oh, there you go. That sounds like my kind of dude right there.


Well, maybe a woman. Yes, I'm not. I just, I want this to be a landslide. I want this to be a statement. I want us to win the popular vote. I want us to win one swing state they didn't expect. I want us to compete in New Jersey and Virginia. I want the Democrats on November 6th. I want this thing called by midnight, by sane people and I want the Democrats the next day to say what the just happened. Listen, I want to get off track. I don't wanna get off track, but J listen to me. One of the greatest days of my life politically, you know, outside of wedding childbirth and personal stuff, one of the greatest days of my life, I was working at CRTV election night, 2016.


No one thought Trump was gonna win. Nobody. I got into this verbal back and forth with Dan Horowitz, who's a very good friend of mine, smart guy. It was, he insisted to me Trump was gonna lose. He'll tell you the story himself. I said, Dave, I'm telling you, I've been knocking on doors. I was running for Congress myself. I lost the primary. I said, Trump is gonna win this thing. You're making a big mistake. I was on the air that night for probably four hours at CRTV when live streaming was a new thing with Michelle Makin. Folks walk in out of that studio. We were in Washington DC and looking at the despondent faces on Hillary Clinton's supporters, who made the Golden Rule mistake.


What's the best punch in the world? The one you never see coming. They didn't see it coming folks. they weren walking around DC and you know what the moment was for me? If this story's stupid, you tell me to shut up. I go back to the hotel in dc. It was full of Hillary Clinton's borderers when I left the hotel that night to do the coverage they had CNN on in the lobby. They had CNN and this big massive screen. All the Hillary people were in the lobby and I. Remember seeing Pete Hegseth from Fox? We were all kind of looking at each other like, we'll see what happens. I come back that night, the lobby's full of Trump supporters screaming. They've got Fox News on, and It was not a single Hillary Clinton supporter anywhere. Ladies and gentlemen, I want that feeling Again, don don't know how long I have on this earth.


I'm not, I'm not don, don't, I'm, I'm fine. I don't wanna sound, but I don't, you don't either. I'd like to enjoy it a thousand more times, but I wanna enjoy it once more. I need that. I know you need it too. We have been through a lot in the last four years. Scamming, cheating, censorship accounts, canceled people, wiping parler off the map, wiping Twitter accounts off the map, canceling our YouTube stations. We have been to a bad three and a half years. We all need this. We need this. If that alone isn't reason for you to get out and vote and bring 10 people, we just need this. don don't, don don't know what is.


I'm gonna give you the early voting numbers in a minute. They are really, really good. Don't get cocky, but don't be stupid either. We're in a really, really good shape. All right, quick break. I'll get back to that. I'll give you a, I'm trying to spread it around the country today. We'll go back to Arizona, North Carolina and Nevada. Yesterday we did New Jersey. We've covered Florida extensively. So, we got some good numbers. A good sample size of swing states.


Hey, let me ask you a question. You think our country's going in the right direction? Of course not. you know, you're not alone. Everybody feels like things could be fall apart any minute. An emergency's always right around the corner, folks do what I did stock up on emergency food from my Patriot Supply. They have a three month emergency food kit. I have one for every member of my family. I actually, I have multiples. I keep saying I actually have probably two or three. I have a storage area for my house. I'm not getting caught hungry in an emergency. You saw what happened with the hurricanes, the storms. There's always a threat of an EMP. The stuff is real. My patriot supply is delicious food, creamy stroganoff, honey, wheat bread, mushroom rice, peel off the My Patriot Supply three month emergency food kit offers 2000 calories a day. Over 2000 calories. Calories are survival in an emergency. Here's the, here's the best part. The food kit lasts up to 25 years. Who knows what the country's gonna look like if that happens, you're telling me an emergency isn't gonna happen in the next 25 years. Get your emergency food today. Don't wait. Go to my patriot supply.com. Order their three month emergency food kit. My patriot supply.com is the website. That's my patriot supply.com. Please don't wait.


All right, back to the show. Let's go first to Arizona. 'cause numbers matter. you know, money talks and bullshit walks. Okay, here we go. Eric Daughtry, we love this guy. I'm trying to get, get him for election night. He's gonna reach out. See, this guy's been a really great election analyst. I'm really enjoying his content on Twitter. He's at eric l dah, D-A-U-G-H, breaking Arizona Republicans expand their lead to 138,000 ballots over Democrats. 755,000 Republicans to 616,000 Democrats, 455,000 other unaffiliated folks. That is an enormous early voting lead.


And you know what I'm gonna say right now, right? Ladies and gentlemen, we gotta go full Kilo Ren owed to gee Or more, more, More. Get your lightsabers out Or Just keep going. Keep it up. Keep it up. So election day, they don't have the math. Do you understand? They won't have the math. They won't have the math. It won't matter. It won't matter if they weren up by a hundred thousand and there's only 25,000 outstanding votes. It won't matter. More, more, more. Kylo Ren style. Do it. Just keep showing up.


Here we go. North Carolina at Michael Pruser, another good account. P-R-U-S-E-R North Carolina added 266,000 votes in the morning's report. Bringing the total to an astonishing 3.37 million, 62% of the expected electorate has already voted. North Carolina for liberals, that means more than a majority, the overwhelming number of people in North Carolina. Ladies and gentlemen, we've already voted Republicans 1.148 million Democrats, 1.106 million folks, they're supposed to be beating us in early turnout. It's not happening.


More, More, more kids, more Make, make this electorally painful that on election day they don't know what to do. They will start to panic. Here's the best one of all. Back to Eric Daughtry, Nevada. He notes in all caps, this is apocalyptic for Democrats in Nevada. I love apocalyptic for Democrats. Don't know about you, but what has two thumbs and loves that shit. This guy, the GOP holds an eight point edge amongst the L pvs, lowest propensity voters and an 11 point edge amongst low to medium propensity voters.


Why does that matter, folks? Why would we care about people who generally don't vote showing up to vote early in the state of Nevada? Because you already know the Democrats are preying. They cannibalism theory is gonna are gonna materialize. What's the cannibalism theory that, oh, don't sweat Republicans voting early. These are the same people who would've voted on election day anyway. That's not right. That's not right. Let me read again. The GOP holds an eight point edge in Nevada amongst the lowest propensity voters. IE people who probably were never gonna vote, who've now said, I'm tired of this Biden Harris bullshit and are now voting, kind of, kind of kicks you in the Jimmy.


If you're one of these cannibal, cannibal cannibal theory people, huh? Don't look good, man. More, more everywhere. Georgia, everywhere, wherever. Early voting is still up. More show up with 10 people. I got people messaging me all day, Dan. I brought 20. Good. You get extra credit, Dan. I brought a hundred, man, you get a lot of extra credit. Wish I could show up and thank you personally. I just can't travel right now with everything going on, Dan, I brought 200 people. You get a freaking gold star. Bring everyone, text folks in the chat. I need a commitment right now.


Let's try to bust this chat right up. Yes or a no. Will you commit to me? Commit to me. Promise me. 'cause I promise you that you will text, email, dm, social media, call or knock on 10 doors this weekend, friends of yours. You don't have to, you know I'm not at least 10 this weekend and ask 'em if they voted. Will you do that for me? I promise you I will do it. I promise you. I've already got five, six people in mine right now. I I know I haven't spoken to live in my neighborhood. Yes, do it. Break that chat. Yes. Yes. Someone said fuck yes. Okay, that's good too. Shows a lot of passion. Do it more, more, more. Just do it. Why do I want you to vote early?


Why am I begging you to vote early? I know we're running out of time. Florida I believe is open until Saturday, Florida. Big swing state. Okay? Because shenanigans are afoot folks, no one's been covering the shenanigans like this guy. Okay? Shenanigans are everywhere. I showed you yesterday in Nevada County, California, a printer issue I showed you, Ohio, where they're getting in the getting in the Secretary of State's way who wants to cross reference the citizenship status. They're suing Virginia over non-citizens on the rolls. Thankfully they lost. Here is the absolutely hapless moron outta Colorado, the Democrat Secretary of State, Jenna Griswold. If you're like, isn't that the moron who tried to sue to get Trump off the ballot?


It's the same idiot. That's correct. Here she is yesterday trying to explain away to a local news reporter in a viral interview why her office in Colorado? Which by the way, Trump's not likely to win, but has a shot and a decent one and we certainly have some critical elections there, right in Colorado, here's Jenna Griswold, Democrat loser, trying to explain away why her office leaked up, leaked a bunch of election passwords and then tried to cover it up. This is glorious. Check this out. Secretary Griswold told me today that she had not decided whether to tell you the public about that password leak before she got called out on it publicly today. I asked Secretary Griswold whether she takes responsibility for this election security breach in the same way that she has held others accountable and we discussed a string of errors by her office that can damage voter confidence.


To be very clear, we do not see this as a full security threat to the state. This is not a security threat. You do frequent media interviews, warning of the insider threats to elections. The US Department of Homeland Security defines an insider threat as somebody who uses authorized access, wittingly or unwittingly to do harm. Did the actions of your office pose an insider threat to elections? No. In 2021, when Mesa County's voting system passwords leaked, your office said, quote, the public disclosure of the bios, passwords for one or more components of Mesa County's voting system alone constitutes a serious breach of voting system security protocols.


Folks, the shenanigans this interview goes on and I it gets even more embarrassing with this buil outta Colorado. Okay? You've got a bunch of people in left-leaning states, Colorado, which used to be a red state, but is now we're almost fully blue. We're hoping to pull it back into the swing column with Trump. But you've got a bunch of morons like this running the election system. The opportunity for shenanigans on election day is everywhere. I didn't say this in opening the show, but I should have. The Washington Post has gone full boiling bunny on me. The Washington Post is jealous of me because the Bongino army rocking the shirt today. The Bino army is more powerful than them and everybody laughs at the Washington Post 'cause it's a bullshit communist rag paper no one actually believes, and our social media presence and our show is much larger than their audience of morons.


The Washington Post wrote another hit piece this morning about me, Joe Rogan and Ben Shapiro, suggesting that we've been warning people that shenanigans are afoot. I noticed the Washington Post never actually covers information like this. They never actually cover the printers running out of paper. The Ohio situation where they can't connect to a federal website. The Biden administration preventing them from doing it. The Biden administration suing Virginia, they never cover this moron. Jenner Griswold leaking passwords. I noticed they left that out of the story because it's the Washington Post. If something happens on election day, if you will not have time to remedy it, folks, you won't. You get in there now and you still have a chance.


You will have time if, if you're planning on voting on election day anyway, fine. At this point you do. You show up, bring 10 people, do your thing, execute. Okay, you'll probably be fine, but you may not. And that's what has me worried. I wanna show you some more stuff. This the really, really bad week for the Democrats, not just in the presidential race. Got worse. Great posts by Western Lensman about five or six different things that broke bad for the Democrats this week that I'm telling you is causing institutional panic amongst the thought leaders. On the left numbers, man, back it up. Say whatever the hell you want on your show, but back it up. Quick break. Last one.


Folks. With generations of family owned experience, Omaha Steaks consistently delivers unrivaled quality and taste. Hands selected by master butchers from the finest grain finished beef, extra age flash, frozen at peak flavor, and delivered right to you. I eat it all the time. they weren. Having a Semial annual sale, you can taste the difference and get 50% off. Sitewide at Omaha Steaks dot com. Minimum purchase may apply. Omaha Steaks dot com for details. I let just get an extra $30 off with code Bonino. It's a big discount. Paul and I just stocked up our house with Omahas we always do. For the busy election season, it's gonna be a lot of late night meals come home hungry, crazy travel schedule. Omaha Steaks gets us through it. Omaha Steaks gives you legendary steaks delivered right to your door. Grass fed, grain finished beef hand selected for superior marbling and taste perfectly aged to maximize tenderness. Hand cut by master butchers in America's heartland. Bring home the world's best steak experience today with Omaha Steaks. Go to Omaha Steaks dot com for 50% off sitewide for the semi-annual sale. An extra $30 off using code bonino. Visit Omaha Steaks dot com for the tails minimum purchase may apply. It's 50% off at Omaha O-M-A-H-A Omaha Steaks dot com. Omaha Steaks dot com and an extra $30 off with code Bonino, check 'em out. The food is absolutely amazing folks.


Jen, you sell the skincare dark spot corrector is back on sale@genuscell.com. The dark spot corrector helps reduce the appearance of sun spots, brown spots, discoloration, even red and flame patches. They can disappear in front of your eyes. And for the holiday preview sale, the Genu cell jawline treatment on sale genus cell.com, nothing helps tighten sculpt the sensitive skin in the jawline neck area. Like this amazing formula. With Genucel proprietary technology new customers, we'll save an additional 50% off the website prices automatically A checkout best prices on genus cell luxury in their 25 year history ladies and gentlemen. So go ahead and indulge in the best skincare in the world, the best value in skincare genus cell.com. Go now. Order any bestseller, even the Genus Sell Complete skincare package, which includes the classic bags and puffiness treatment and immediate effects at massive discounts. Save an additional 50% off your first order at checkout. You'll be amazed at your money back, no questions asked. Just go to genus sell.com/dan today. Start looking years, even decades younger tomorrow. GENU c.com/dan with a special gift. Every package order includes a every package order includes a limited edition beauty box with two Skincare essentials absolutely free with your order right now. Genus sell.com/dan genus sell.com/dan


Western lensman and account I really, really love at Western Lensman. Here are some US election headlines as of yesterday, by the way, happy Halloween everybody. I didn't even say that in the beginning. Shame on me. Kids love Halloween. I'm dressing up with the as a, as a general in the Bonino army today. What? What do you think of my costume? If you wanna buy the costume store.bonino.com, our proceeds go to charity for the shirts. But you can grab one of these handy Dan Bonino army shirts. I know people love on. My daughter wore one of a Trump rally. A lot of people didn't know that was my daughter and they weren like, hey man, I love that guy. And in one of my proudest moments she was like, yeah, that's my dad. Which was pretty awesome. Love my kids.


US election headlines all of this in one day Pennsylvania Trump wins in Bucks County, Pennsylvania after being forced to sue after voting lines were shut down early. Yes, Virginia Supreme Court rules in our favor keeping non-citizens off the rules. Yes. Secretary of State, Jenna Griswold in Colorado leaks voting system passwords online. What an idiot. No. Michigan attorney Matthew Deno identifies singular voter IDs being used to cast multiple ballots. They weren forced to remedy that. I'll go to just a few more. And a BC TV stations. Did you see this accidentally aired election results of Kamala Harris winning Pennsylvania by five points with a hundred percent in? How'd that happen?


How'd that happen? Another reason I'm telling you to vote on election day. That way we make the numbers mathematically impossible for them to win. Folks. It was a huge day yesterday. They are freaking out so much. You have the Garbage people at AP absolute communist Pravda with this headline after we took non-citizens off the ballot in Virginia in a law that's been in effect since 2006 in Virginia and signed by a Democrat governor. Yes, A Democrat governor. Did you say a Democrat governor? I did. His name was Tim Kane. Wasn't that the guy who ran with Hillary Clinton? Yes, he signed this law. Yes. Here's the Pravda Communist Garbage at AP Supreme Court's conservative justices to Virginia to resume its purge of voter registration.


Notice how they leave out that the quote purge of voter registrations is for people who are illegally on the ballot, meaning against the law that non-citizens are on the voting rules. Notice how AP leaves that out. Another reason you should hate the media, they suck. How Have to include conservative justice. Conservative, right, conservative. It's not just justices, it's a conservative. Exactly. Notice you ever wonder, right? Exactly. The Supreme Courts. They should, he said it right. The headline. Should Supreme Courts shitty conservative justice allow Virginia's shitty Republican governor to resume its violent purge of lovely, peaceful people. I mean folks, this is propaganda.


This is not reporting. It's why nobody trusts ap. Seven outta 10 Americans give the double barrel middle finger to our shit media because they weren Garbage, They weren Garbage. So just a quick red news, blue news segment again to show you how kind of right-leaning news will frame a story in an accurate manner. And the left-leaning news. This is why. Do you ever wonder why liberals believe dumb shit? Because they read DAP. Here's just another quick example. I'll throw this out there fast 'cause I wanna get the kain. Jean Pierre just absolutely melting down you Sir It was glorious. Here's the Wall Street Journal. Certainly not a MAGA paper. Okay? At best, a little bit right leaning, but they tell the truth. The GDP numbers came out yesterday.


US economic growth extends solid streak. But they note that the growth quote was a slight slowdown from the second quarters, 3% rate and below economists expectations for a 3.1% pace. So in other words, if you're reading the data yesterday and you're not a hardcore violent partisan, okay, and you're reading it as an economist, the economy's slowing down. It's not speeding up. The last quarter was three, it's now 2.8 and they thought it would be 3.1. That's not growth. That's shrinking now it's growth in on some and net net, but it's shrinking compared to the last quarter. Now go read Communist Axios Axios making you believe like this is the greatest number we've ever seen despite the fact it's slowing down.


Here's the Axios headline for the show. Prep. eec EEC economic boom keeps booming. You notice it's on a hot streak. Two pre-election snapshots stole my thing. They talk about this 2.8% number. Notice how they leave out, how they leave out. The key part here that It was not really up to expectations. The folks, the Jolts number was terrible. The job openings the economy is not doing well and everybody knows it. Real wages are down. The economy is not expanding fast enough to keep up with the inflation. That's just a fact. Real wages are down under Biden.


Moving on. I don't wanna spend, I'm showing you these people some Axios by this is a, an Axios. They never put two and two together. Sarah Fisher Americans trust in media plummets to a historic low. Gee, I wonder why I give you the honest take. The economy expanded at 2.8%. It's shrinking from the last quarter, however, and it's not keeping up with inflation. What does say boom like? This is like the Reagan era again, they're full of shit folks. Garbage gate is exploding too and they don't know what to do with it. Trump is the master master. I, I mean there is no better sound bites in snapshots politician than Donald Trump.


No one knows how to grab a moment like this by the collar and run with it other than Donald Trump. Kareem Jean Pierre is on the run. She is totally incapable of running interference for the Biden Harris White House. She was asked a question about this yesterday and watch her try to verbal judo her way outta Garbage gate. They can't do it. Remember one of the other rules, if not one of the golden rules, but one of the rules of, of politics that most people throw out is one of these adages, when you are explaining your position over and over again, you're probably losing. Watch kain Jean Pierre just fall flat on her face. Check this out. Is He, does he have any regret for not being more, his language was not specific.


I came out, if you were listening to that video, I was in The room Amer, I was in the room with, I'm curious about if you were I just telling you I was in listen, but if you were any sort of normal person listening to that video or looking at the clips online, you could come to the conclusion that he was calling at minimum this one man Garbage or not, if not all Trump supporters. Garbage does he, should he be more, does he regret not being more precise with this language? And does he, does he also, I'm Waiting for the question to end, but Keep going. and I second, I apologize. Yeah, no ahead. The second part of that is, does does he have any regret for how this is shadowed Vice President Harris's campaign? So A couple of things there. 'cause there's, there's a lot that you laid out. So look, the president wanted to clarify because he understood that what he may have said was being, he understood that what he was saying was to being taken out of context.


So he wanted to be very, very clear about what he was trying to say. and I just read that out. Mul once over, you all have the, have the have the, the tweet or you know, the statement that's on X. If you wanna read it right now, feel free to do so. And he was talking about hateful rhetoric and we've called out hateful rhetoric from here. We have Folks, this woman is an idiot. She's got her boss and his vice president out there responsible for calling 74 million Americans Garbage on video. It's clear as day.


Everybody saw it, everybody heard it. Don't bullshit us and tell us it didn't happen. And instead of just saying, we messed up, man, we messed up. They can't do it. So what does she do? She goes on a ridiculous rant about how we're calling out hateful rhetoric, which only draws attention to the hateful rhetoric coming out of the Biden White House about the Garbage people. The woman is completely incompetent in her job. Let me tell you something, and I mean this. I don't think Biden drops out of the race if he had a competent press secretary, Kareem Jean Pierre has done so much damage to this White House. Republicans should send her a campaign donation if she ever decides to run, this woman is really, really bad at this and has destroyed the public face of the White House.


They have no ability to counter message because she's an idiot. All she says over and over is, we've been very clear, we've been very clear. We've called that hateful rape. She never answers a question. And you think you're gonna get any help from the media. Why do people believe stupid things? Why do liberals believe that? A joke by a comedian from an insult comic at a rally five hours before Donald Trump shows up. Why do people believe on the left that this is gonna cost Trump the campaign and yet the actual president calling 74 million Americans Garbage while his vice president is running on a joy campaign? Why do liberals believe that this isn't gonna damage Harris but damage Trump?


It's 'cause they listen to this, watch this side by side of Kamala Harris and the and of the media people talking about the Garbage joke versus the Garbage reality of Joe Biden. And then you'll see why liberals believe dumb shit. This is why nobody, nobody with a functioning brain trust the media. Check this out. They're Trying to make a, a firestorm out of something that, again, if you, you look at it, you look at what he said immediately afterward, which Donald Trump didn't say, he immediately afterwards said, no, that's not what he meant. I was talking about the comedian and, and people that supported that kind of talk. And you know it, Willie, he, Joe Biden obviously doesn't believe that You Know.


I'm of the mindset that if you say it, you might as well just embrace it. and I do think that that's a problem for, for realistically. Like I do think if he said, listen, yeah, I do mean all those racist supporters of Donald Trump. Yeah, I do think that they're terrible. By the Way, as someone who had a stutter growing up, it's very obvious to me that there's an apostrophe at the end of supporters there. He was referring to the Garbage spewed by supporters, not simply the supporters themselves. Basically calling Puerto Ricans trash The most repulsive racial jokes about Latinos, disgusting and, and hateful. So incredibly crude, Frankly, just too x-rated to play Here. Extremely vi.


So-called Joke Hat, tip, Colin, rug for that clip. They now, if you're a liberal again, So, we put actual numbers and receipts behind this, always be like the supermarket produce a receipt. Liberals believe that a comedian's maybe poorly timed joke at a political rally who nobody knows on at the, nobody even knew at the Trump rally. Nobody, I It was not a knock. I I I didn't know who that guy was. I he is very popular. I just, you know, he's done insult comedy before whatever you were told, right? That this is the end, this is the end. Puerto Rican voters are not gonna vote for Donald Trump. And oh my gosh, this is the end.


But Joe Biden calling you Garbage is no big deal. I mean, he's got like a stutter. You ever notice, they always go back to the stutter thing, even though you never hear Biden actually stutter anymore. It's the weirdest thing. Florida politics, by the way, it's not some big conservative outlet. Poll Donald. Wait, that's am I, did you guys edit that po this says, see folks, I was told by the liberal media, it's over with Puerto Rican voters. It's over. It's weird because Florida politics says Poll. Donald Trump leads Kamala Harris with Puerto Rican voters in, in, in Florida.


Stories from yesterday. I I thought we were told It was over. I thought, I thought that's what we were, we were told, and you wanna hear the truth Come here. You want a bunch of bullshit, go watch the liberal media. All I'm asking is that you show up, execute and bring 10 people. Do not get cocky. Run through the tape, bury the gas pedal. I want those RPMs at nine, 12, 15,000. I want the engine on overdrive. Okay? There is no time for dicking around folks. They're trying, this is why, if you understand the basic political analysis, I've laid out the skeleton for you.


I've given you a battle plan, how to win these things. Contrast, emphasize, contrast with the candidates. Always, always play up their weaknesses. Play up your strengths. Mitigate your weaknesses by leveraging opportunities. Always create contrast using a SWOT analysis. Strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, threats. Always emphasize snapshots and soundbites over white papers. I'm not telling you detailed policy analysis is important. I'm just telling you're not convincing anyone. Okay? Snapshots and soundbites. One of the other things IIII, I'm trying to emphasize as well is that destructive political narratives you are gonna have to deal with are those that change your preexisting notion of who a candidate is.


Why did a joke by a comedian not hurt Donald Trump at all? Because a Puerto Rican community knows Donald Trump loves him. And it wasn't Donald Trump who said it. And the Donald Trump team immediately was like, Hey, this, I don't, We had nothing to do with this. It's an, it's all comic act like It was a warmup act and of thing. It did not damage 'em at all. Why did the Garbage line from Biden hurt Kamala Harris and Joe Biden? Because they're running on a happy, happy joy, joy campaign. They're running on the Renin Stimpy campaign. Happy hippy joy and it's not working. Here's a side-by-side hat tip cc show cast a side-by-side of Kamala Harris pretending the campaign is about joy but not moving in the polls because she's created a contrast herself.


She says she's about joy. Why calling everyone Nazis and fascists. That's not joy. That's not joy. It's why the message isn't working and it's damaging. Check this out. Donald Trump has spent a decade trying to keep the American people divided and afraid of each other. People have rightly found similar to the language of Hitler, that is who he is. But America, I am here tonight to say that is not who we are. The only Garbage I see float out there as his supporters, That is not who we're, You were comparing that rally to a Nazi rally, So I know what I saw and I'll just leave it at that.


Yeah. Damaging political narratives, I can't say this enough, are only ones that change who you think a candidate is. If you thought she was incompetent and then she never addresses why she is competent, I'm gonna do X to change your misery, she's done. If you're gonna run a campaign on I'm so happy and joyous, you should vote for me and disregard the policy stuff, fine, then you can't go out the next day and call everyone a threat to democracy, a fascist or a Nazi, and then have your boss. You work in the White House, call 74 million Americans Garbage. That's why this isn't working for them.


You understand? I got a couple really good clips for you folks. Again, this show is highlighted the media a lot and how liberals and how and why liberals believe generally crazy things. The rich don't pay their fair share. School choice drains money from public schools. These are all bullshit fairy tales. Liberals tell them truth that tell themselves not backed up in reality, they're gonna be stunned If Donald Trump pulls this out, I promise you, on election night, they're gonna say, how did it happen? How did it happen? How did it happen? Why does nobody trust us? This is interesting. This is a Jamille Jackson at the University of Chicago. I want you to watch this. He's got Chuck Todd. They're at some kind of like symposium there. Chuck Todd.


Remember he used to be a silver medal winner in the, in the golden, the media talking dopey media, talking head Olympics. Chuck Todd's a moron. Chuck Todd is at the University of Chicago and they open the floor up to questions. Jamil Jackson just shreds this idiot on. Basically, how dare they create some misinformation crisis on the right when the real source of misinformation is them. And watch Chuck Todd try to explain this thing well, like It was only our opinion host bullshit. Check this out. My question is for you Chuck Todd, your network NBC is now covering Elon Musk more than it does Biden and the 10 other billionaires supporting Kamala Harris. 85% of your coverage is negative against Trump, whereas 78% is positive for Kamala Harris.


Your network publicly shamed Ronald McDaniel and fired her for being an election denier. Meanwhile, you guys spent hundreds of hours peddling the Russian disinformation. Collusion hooks your network, and this is, this is the most hard hitting one, refuses to cover the sexual assault allegations against Doug Emh. So how can Gen Z voters trust what your network says on either candidate given that discrepancy? Look, we just cover facts and if we're able to uncover facts, we cover it. As for the Russian collusion, I'm not gonna sit here and defend what opinion hosts do. That's, that is what it's, I, I, I, It was an opinion host, bro.


It was you, you pretend to be a journalist. That's why people laugh at you. You covered it. What facts were you covering? The dossier had no facts in it. There was one verified fact in the entire dossier. you know what It was? Carter Page had visited Russia. That was it. Everything else was made up. It was your job as a journalist to investigate it. You fake phony muskrats. Sniffling sniffling, little muskrat loser. Thank you to Jamil Jackson for calling this moron out. It's why nobody trusts you idiots. You did not cover facts. You covered in a, a ridiculous dossier with not a single fact in it of relevance, not one of the important facts, air quotes in the dossier ever panned out.


That's what journalists do. This is why I get pissed off when you get morons at the Washington Post with their decreased relevance and 60 minutes. The CER network, sir, The C Network. When the CER network runs reports on misinformation on X and elsewhere, it is stunning that they leave out the two single greatest pieces of misinformation in American political history was the Hunter Biden laptop 51 intelligence officials letter and the Russia collusion hoax that altered American history and stolen election.


That 60 Minutes dares cover misinformation, yet never mentions that it comes from them and their show, the SIR Network. It's stunning, but this is why liberals believe stupid shit. Watch this hilariously stupid 60 minute segment where by the way, they cite a tweet they didn't like that has a community note beneath it, correcting it. The total, total face plan, trying to blame misinformation on us and Leslie Stahl the serve, the the whole sir episode, her doing it is just like icing on the stupid kid. Check this out. After Elon Musk took over in 2022, most of its fact checkers were fired.


Now the site is rife with trash talk and lies. Little would you know that this said to be footage from Gaza is really from a video game. Eventually, ex users added a warning label in this post. Pictures of real babies killed in Israeli strikes are falsely dismissed as dolls. The toothpaste is out of the tube, and we have to figure out how to deal with the resulting mess. Darryl West, a senior fellow of technology innovation at the Brookings Institution says, the clash over what is true is fraying our institutions and threatening democracies around the world.


Half of the world is voting this year and the world could stick with democracy or move towards authoritarianism. The danger is disinformation could decide the elections in a number of different countries In the US he says the right wing has been flooding the internet with reams of misleading information in order to confuse the public. Holy Moses, ladies and gentlemen, did you catch it? Come on. Who in the chat caught it? Why did I play that clip? Two reasons. Number one, you've got sir doing it. Leslie Stall, who humiliated herself in front of the entire universe insisting Trump's campaign wasn't spied on.


We have the names of the spies. She also implied the Hunter Biden laptop story couldn't be verified even though we now know according to whistleblowers, the FBI verified the Hunter Biden laptop in 2019. So not only is the hapless buil, sir Leslie Stahl, not only is she conducting an interview on misinformation despite being the duchess of disinformation, did you catch what else of it? Some of you might catch it in the chat who were there? Yes, Anita, very good. She pinned it at the top. She's gonna, a guy from the Brookings Institute, they weren knee deep in the dossier and the Brookings guy without a shred, a shred of shame at all.


It's like, eh, those right wingers, man, they're, they're really screwing up this, the misinformation scene. they weren knee deep in this thing. This is why liberals believe stupid shit here. One last one on the media. you know John Stossel. I like John a lot. I interviewed him a couple times when I had a radio show on MAL on the weekends. Johns Staal's, great. I want you to watch another, this little clip from him. It's short, but it's worth your time. It's how the media not, doesn't only do things explicitly, but implicitly how they try to make Republicans look bad and Democrats look better. You gotta be careful with this stuff as election day closes in.


Watch this, it's important. Have You noticed how some of the media just suck up to some politicians? I'm struck just in your presence, Struck in her presence, Looking you in the eye with your passion that you are displaying. Republicans are treated differently. If I may finish this answer, well let, this is, this is, I'm, I'm gonna go ahead and interrupt you here. I'm the d are are you comfortable with that term? Let's just, I mean, we have seen, just On my question though, governor, excuse Me. Aggressive interviews are easy to notice, but some bias is more subtle. For example, what a great campaign. The media have always covered Iowa Caucus victory speeches. We're Gonna wanna listen in very, very closely.


Thank you Iowa. But this year when Trump won, thank you. We love you all. CNN cut away from his speech. Here he is right now under, under My voice. You hear him repeating his anti-immigrant rhetoric. Actually, no, Jake, you hear him? We don't. CNN wouldn't let us actually listen to Trump and decide for ourselves. Just remember, the only reason I'm ending today's show with these little exposes on media trips and tricks and shenanigans is we just have a few days left. One last time, please. Ladies and gentlemen, if early voting is still open in your state, please show up and do it today.


Do it tomorrow or do it Saturday. I'm begging you. I'm, I'm, I'm not shy. I'm begging you to do it. We have one shot to take our country back. It's not gonna save itself. Vote early and in person. Please, please, I'm asking you as a friend. We got one chance to save this thing. If you're gonna show up on election day, make your plans now. Take the day off. Take an extended lunch break. Do not show up at the polls at eight o'clock. If they close at eight 30 or something, don't. Please, don't please make your plans and bring 10 people. Go download a voter guide from your state, from your county. Go in there prepared, ready to go. Knock it out. Save everyone else some time, too. Thank you so much for tuning in. Who's joining us on election night? 7:30 PM Rumble dot com slash bonino.


You're here now. Give us a follow. Please get us to 3.4 million before election night followers. We're at 3, 3 9 now. Join us election night. It is free. You don't need cable news. I wanna see your face here. I'm gonna see you in the chat. Let's blow up the chat that night. I'll see you on a show of radio show here in Rumble in just a few minutes, and back here tomorrow, Friday, tomorrow 11:00 AM See you then. You just heard the Dan, Bongino, Show.