
Hey, welcome to VINCE. Always so good to have you with us. And today we've got a very, very big show for you. We have so many important things to get to, but I, I have to start with, I just have to start with President Trump absolutely destroying a, b, c news last night. I was talking about it yesterday, this idea that President Trump sits down with these adversarial reporters. And in, in one sense, you think, okay, he's kind of rewarding them with time to spend with him in the Oval Office, these extended interviews. But on the other hand, oh, I just love the beat downs. I was just talking to the guys. What do we call this episode? What do we call this episode when ABC's, Terry Moran has his butt handed to him over and over and over by the president of the United States.


One of them was President Trump for his 100 day celebration beats a, b, c, like a rented mule. Maybe that's it. Maybe President Trump for his 100 day celebration checks, a, b, c reporter right through the boards. I don't know if you've got great title ideas. I'm always taking them. Hello to the chat rumble.com/ VINCE. If you're listening to the podcast, you of course can be a part of the chat. Great to have you with us. And holy cow, just a a great, I I I'm loving it. I'm having a great time. This 100 day celebration, if we're gonna mark 100 days, we gotta do it in style. More of that in just a moment. Thanks as always for being with us.


Hey, you gotta, you gotta know about Jacked Up Fitness. I got the Jacked Up Fitness shirt on today, baby, You know, with the Make America Healthy, again, movement in full force. I've been very inspired to take care of my own health and fitness, and now I can do it with Jacked Up Fitness, which is an amazing company owned by a great guy, Don, with a great American company. Their commercial grade Power Rack Pro is right here in my house, and it's got everything that I need to get a full body workout from home. It's got a cable crossover system, an integrated 200 pound weight stacks, and a Smith machine, which allows you to do hundreds of exercises. Basically everything that you can do at the gym. In fact, I was just doing Smith Bench this week. I was doing the flat bench, I did the incline bench. I was doing all sorts of chest work on the cables. Loved it. You will too. If you've got a busy schedule, all the better it can be right there at your disposal at any given moment. So having that cool badass all in one Power Rack Pro right here in my home, it's been a total game changer for my family. It will be a game changer for you too. And also, they've got the great Get Jacked Up program. It's got full body video workouts led by celebrity trainers, Kim Lyons and Clark Bartram. You will love that. You just press play and you follow along. It's great, especially if you're just getting started. So, listen, I've been doing this. You should join me. Let's do it together. Go to get jacked up.com, sign up to access the program right now for free. And when you're ready to order your Power Rack Pro, save 10% by using my promo code. VINCE, no more excuses, it's epic. Go to get jacked up.com.


I am telling you, baby, I'm telling you, I love these Trump interviews every time, every time I think, why is he sitting down with this idiot? Then I'm rewarded with, with, I just, and I'm reminded I just gotta be a little more patient. Just wait for the video to come out. Just see what happens. Shall we, shall we dive into this? Let's do it. Let's break down. ABC's breakdown, which ended up being really great. So the president sits down with this guy, his name's Terry Moran. Moran, which is of course a la as a last name, as last names go. It's an unfortunate last name to have probably in grade school, especially, You know, running around people going, Hey, there's moron. Last night though, he didn't do a lot to assist his family name.


President Trump sits down with him in the Oval Office. And then they have this exchange over MS 13 gangster, Kmart, Abrego Garcia, who is in El Salvador. He wasn't a member of a gang. And then they looked, and on his knuckles, he had MS 13. There's, there's a dispute of that. Well, wait a minute, wait a minute. He had MS 13 on his knuckles. That too. Well, he, he had some tattoos that are interpreted that way. But let's move on. Wait a minute. A territory, Terry, he did not have the letter. MS 13, it says MS one, three. That was photoshopped. So let just, that was photoshopped Terry, you can do that. Hey, they're giving you the big break of a lifetime. You know, you're doing the interview. I picked you because frankly, I never heard of you, but that's okay.


But I picked you, Terry, but you're not being very nice. He had MS 13 tattoo. We'll, agree to disagree. I wanna move on to something else. Terry. Terry, do you want me to show you the picture? I saw the picture. We'll, and you think Photoshop. Here we go. Here we go. Don't Photoshop it. Go look at his hand. He, Mr. He did have tattoos that can be interpreted that way. I'm not an expert on it. Oh, well, wow. That was quite a, a walk back all of a sudden. Now he is not an expert. He started with, Hey, it's Photoshopped. And it ended up with, oh, I'm not an expert on this. I, oh my gosh, I can't, I can't get enough for this clip. There's a million little things to break down about it. One of them is President Trump, straight up saying, Hey, look, fellow, this is the big break of your career. You're blowing it here. This is your big opportunity and you're blowing the whole thing.


And frankly, I picked you because I I didn't even know who you were. In other words, I wanted to give this kid a chance. This, this cub reporter, a real opportunity, a big chance to join the big time. And here you are blowing it, man. This is your big opportunity. Shoot. You, you screwed it up. I, I had so much hope for you. I was, I was really trying to give you a chance here. And dammit, you screwed it up. Terry Marin. Hilarious. And then, and then this MS 13 dispute this. So the, the president shared a, shared a photo the other day of the tattoo. And I asked Secretary Christie Noma about this. I said, where'd that image come from? How did You know? How'd the president get that, that image? And did it come from your people?


And she was explaining, yeah, the government takes photos of these guys. And the president shared an image of the, of the picture. I wanna show it to you here just to remind people what this thing looks like. Look at this. So this is the tattoo that's in dispute here, in this clip. That's the tattoo. And it says MS 13 on it in the form of the tattoos that the symbols there, marijuana, smiley face across that's extended, looks like a one. And this skull that looks like a three. And so it's got labels above it. MS 13. So the media has turned this into some sort of distorted funhouse mirror scandal that, oh, Trump was trying to mislead you.


He said that these letters specifically were on there. And this is photoshopped. It's a scam. It's not a scam. These are labels. What do you think this portion is? Right at the top it says Kmar Abrego Garcia, MS 13 Tattoo. Where did that come from? Oh, that's a label. That's a label that they would affixed to the top of the image to tell you what we're looking at here. And so the, this is a ridiculous thing. And the president totally correct. Yeah. Look, he's got these tattoos that indicate MS 13 right on his knuckles. And Terry Moran, by the end of it, says, well, I'm not an expert. I'm not an expert here. I can't, I can't, I can't figure out what's going on. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I brought this up.


Mercy, let me bail out of this. Really amazing and totally shameless. And then they continued because this guy, Terry Moran wants to defend kil, Margo Garcia and all these other gangsters who are being deported and he's gonna, the president, what about due process? What about due process for these guys? And the president says, I'll tell you what process we have. The process is we deport them. Take a look. Cutex. Well, the law requires that every single person who is going to be deported gets a hearing first. Well, do you acknowledge that? I, I'll have to ask the lawyers about that. All I can say is this. If you are gonna have 21 million people, and if we have to get a lot of 'em out because they're criminals, we're gonna have to act fast.


We can't, do you think we can give 21 million trials, right? Let's say each trial takes two weeks. Is that what you want us to do? The law. The law is the law in your The law doesn't said anything about trials. No, not trials. Hearings. I said hearings. These people came in. They're not citizens. They came in illegally. They came into our country illegally. And we have to get 'em out. There's a legal process for that. I can't, sure. And we follow the legal process. I can't, I can't have a trial, a major trial for every person that came in illegally. We have thousands of murderers that came in. They're gonna murder people. They already have murdered people in our country, right? So we have to get 'em out. They're bad guys. And we have to get 'em out fast.


They're really bad guys. But in our country, even bad guys get due process, right? If people come into our country illegally, there's a different standard. These are illegal. They came in illegally, but they get due process. Well, they get a process where we have to get 'em out. Yeah. The process is we get rid of 'em. That's the, that's the process that they're due. So we've, yes, due process is being exercised here. And You know, these guys, there's, there's so much fearmongering. I told you earlier this week, there's this claim that, oh, American citizens, children are being deported. It's a lie. And as you see each successive democrat and member of the media, keep lying about it. Just remember, as you're sitting there with family members who may not be as dialed in as you are on this subject, just knock 'em a little bit and be like, yeah, they're lying again.


They're lying. Why are we even watching this? They're just lying to us here. They're lying. And, and, and Terry Moran also lying. Oh, these guys aren't being afforded due process. The Trump administration has given all of these illegals a window of time to try and file a rapid appeal if they'd like to, to try and say that there's some reason, some mitigating circumstance that should keep them here in the United States. They've got that, that's at their disposal. And they better act quickly if they want to take advantage of it. But right now, the due process is don't let us catch you. Get outta the country right now. If you're here illegally, file on the CBP home map that you're here. If you need help getting out of the country, we can help you with that.


But the due process is leave, as the president just said, the process that we're ha we're doing right now, we're getting rid of these people. That's the process. And Terry Marin, have you noticed how feverishly they're working to protect the rights of illegal alien gangsters And not of the families like Rachel Morin or Lake and Riley, or Jocelyn Nunga Ray, or any of the victims here, or the, would be victims of the United States that are being victimized here by these killers. So it's like they don't even, they don't even try. Where, where's the, where's the, You know, they pay barely any lip service to that subject. I think you heard Terry Moran say there. Oh yeah, look, oh, I agree. There's some very bad people here. Okay, but why are you mounting this absurd defense of them?


Disgusting. Totally disgusting. More for you from this crazy interview. You at, at one point, Terry Moran outright declares that, that DOGE is not sending criminal referrals to the FBI to the Justice Department. He says, yeah, that's not happening. And the president stops for a moment, goes, wait a second. How the hell would you even know that? What are you talking about? Watch this exchange, this amazing, another amazing exchange between President Trump and Terry Moran. A legal Note. Fraud is a crime. There have been no referrals to the Justice Department at any of this. Well, you don't know that, do you?


How do you know that? Have there been referrals to the, are there Why no referrals? How would You know that? That there were no referrals? I think there were referrals. There's, they generally. Alright, there's been no investigation from the department. How do You know that? I'm asking you, sir. No, you're not asking me. You made a statement. You're not asking me now. I'm asking you. There was a statement that you made. There have been, I'm asking you, have there been? Yes, there have. So there have been referrals for fraud from the working. Of course they have been. Take a look at some of these things that took place. Billions of dollars we given to people for no reason whatsoever. Okay? Of course they have been what? Bring Up. Isn't that amazing? So this is, this is the way the media operates. He, he, he invented fake news before your very eyes.


He just insisted he voiced of God at it. There's been no criminal referrals whatsoever from DOGE to the Justice Department. So, You know, so, so why not? Why haven't you had any criminal referrals? You keep saying fraud. Where are all the criminal referrals The President says, how do you even know that? Lemme break down what this means just for a moment, because I think the facts really matter here. A criminal referral. Anybody can make a criminal referral. Anybody can reach out to the Justice Department and say, Hey, I think I've seen a crime committed here. And so there are non-governmental organizations who will do this. There are private citizens who will do this, perhaps are people in our audience who've done that very thing. You reach out to the Justice Department and I say, Hey, I, I think I see some evidence of a crime here. Perhaps you wanna look into it, but it would be good for the American people.


The same is true of federal agencies. Federal agencies can make criminal referrals. They detect something that they think is criminal. They hand it off to the Justice Department so they can render a judgment on that subject. That's a criminal referral. That's all that is. It's a tip from these various agencies to the Justice Department. And so Terry Miranda is sitting there going, no federal agency has tipped off the Justice Department to fraud that's going on. No, none of them have sent these tips in. And the president rightly asked, well, how would you even be in a position to know that that's a, that's quite a statement. Not a single federal agency has sent a tip about fraud to the Justice Department. And also it's belied by the fact that we already have heard from the Attorney General that she is taking tips from these agencies.


So not only is Terry Moran talking out of his ass, he doesn't have, he's not even reflecting on the actual record on this subject. Pam Bondy announced during a cabinet meeting last month that they have stood up a task force specifically to work inside of the agencies to take these criminal referrals every day of the week. Take a look. Cut. Nine. Here's Pam Bondi at a cabinet meeting just last month. As Far as the, we are hearing a lot about fraud, waste, and abuse. A lot of waste and abuse. But there is a tremendous amount of fraud. And Elon, thank you for your partnership. Thank you for your team. You have uncovered so much fraud in our government. And we will prosecute you.


We have an internal task force now working with every agency sitting here at this table. And if you've committed fraud, we're coming after you. Thank you Elon for that. There you go. On the violent crime level, thanks to President Trump That she's gone on. But that's the key element there, that she says, look, Elon Musk has been providing us all this evidence at DOGE of fraud. And as a result, the Justice Department is looking at it. Now, what would that be? What would that be? Exactly? That it's a criminal referral. It's a criminal referral. So Terry Moran not only is just making it up, he's outright lying about the public record. And she says, not only do we have all this evidence, all these, all these tips that are coming into us from DOGE, we've set up a task force to work directly with the agencies to ingest all this information.


So again, just making it up. And I'm telling you right now, if, just as someone I have interviewed the President of the United States, and I will tell you the preparation for those interviews goes beyond preparation that I do for any other interview. And it's for one very obvious reason. You are talking to someone, and the stakes are very high. You wanna create news out of it. You wanna find out interesting information, you wanna be able to c to carry that information forward to the American people. That it's, it's such an important thing to do. And it's such a privilege to be able to do it. And so you sincerely prepare for it. You make sure that you, you don't, you're not delivering mistakes in the form of your questions.


That you don't screw up known information, that you don't step on a rake and hit yourself directly in the face with it. And Terry Moran was stomping on rakes in this interview, and the president had to keep calling him out. You have no idea what you're talking about. You silly reporter. I've never even heard of you. I'm giving you a massive break and all you're doing is screwing it up. All you're doing is screwing it up. There's been no criminal referrals. The Attorney General just a month ago said they're, they're overflowing with criminal referrals right now. Amazing. Amazing. Now let's go to cut seven here.


The president of the United States was asked whether or not he has 100% confidence in Pete. He do. You have Now, now let just think about the structure of this question. This is the way the media actually prepares for these interviews. They prepare these questions that are designed to force President Trump into an uncomfortable position, no matter the way he answers it. And the president's got this unique ability to navigate straight out of these uncomfortable questions, these impossible questions with ease. Take a watch here. It's all about Pete Hegseth the question. A very good defense, hopefully a great defense secretary, but he'll be a very good defense secretary. You have a hundred percent confidence in. I don't have count a hundred percent confidence in anything.


Okay, anything. Do I have? A hundred percent? It's a stupid question. Look, it's a pretty important position. I have. No, no, no. You don't have a hundred percent. Only a liar would say, I have a hundred percent confidence. I don't have a hundred percent confidence that we're gonna finish this interview. Only a liar, only a stupid person would say, you have a hundred percent confidence in anything. I don't have a hundred percent confidence. We're gonna end this interview. We're gonna finish this interview. Hilarious. I love that so much. There's an old adage in journalism, if your mother says she loves you, check it out. It's like, You know, doubt everything. Be skeptical of everything.


In other words, like If you're, If you're Terry Moran, the job calls on you to kick the tires on everything. Does Terry Moran have a hundred percent confidence in everything? Well, yeah. Anything that comes outta the mouths of Democrats, he's got a hundred percent confidence in. That's why he's confused by Trump's answer. Well, what, what's possible here? And the president's saying, no, I don't have a hundred percent confidence in anything. I don't have a hundred percent confidence that we're gonna get to the end of this interview. Just to be clear. Which is funny. I I I'm telling you this morning I was watching like all these clips, I'm laughing out loud in my kitchen. I'm drinking my blackout coffee and I'm just cracking. I'm practically spitting it out, watching these clips of Trump talking to Terry Moin.


Unbelievable. Hmm. Unbelievable how that all went down. I can't believe A BC screwed this up this badly. Let's see. We also have this, this, this question, president Trump asked by Terry Marin, a, b, c, whether America is respected again, whether like, basically what's happening to America's standing in the world. Cut 10, take a look. Another great exchange to close out the end. I Think the reputation in the United States has gone down under your presidency. I, no, I think it's gone way up, but I think we're a respected country again. We were left at all over the world. We had a president that couldn't walk up a flight of stairs, couldn't walk down a flight of stairs, couldn't walk across the stage without falling.


We had a president that was grossly incompetent. You knew it. I knew it and everybody knew it. But you guys didn't wanna write it because you're fake news. Alright, thank you. And by the way, ABC's one of the worst, I have to be honest with you. Okay? Thank you. So the president says, yeah, nobody, you didn't wanna report it 'cause you guys are fake news. And he goes, alright, thank you. That's the response. You just, you just got accused of your entire career being fraudulent and your response is, okay, thank you. And he goes, by the way, just to be super clear about what I'm talking about, a, b, c news, you in particular are among the worst.


Alright, thank you. He says, thank you sir. May I have another, is the response from Terry Moran. Really fantastic stuff. So there he goes. So President Trump, I, You know, every time, every time he's about to do one of these interviews, I think, why is he doing that? Why is he sitting with a, B, C? And then every time they conclude, I'm like, I'm really glad he sat with a, B, c. That was, that was fantastic. Really, really good stuff. The president had some rallies yesterday in Michigan. Loved that. We'll get to that coming up. We've also got, we've got some economic data today. The media going wild for it because they think it's bad news for President Trump. I'm here to tell you, I've, we've looked through the data already this morning.


The top economists on the planet staring at it. I'm talking to our, our in-house economist, EJ an Tony. This economic data is a very good sign of how these first a hundred days are already going. I'm gonna get into it. It's all ahead on VINCE, of course. And of course your, your many amazing comments pouring in on rumble.com/ VINCE. Thank you for that.


Before we get to that stuff though, I wanna thank the sponsors because without them we can't do this. And so I'm very grateful to Patriot Mobile. Patriot Mobile. You know, while we may have won that 2024 election, the fight to restore our great nation, You know, this, it's only just beginning. There is so much more to do. Now is the time to take a stand. Patriot Mobile has been leading the charge as America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way for you to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile's not just about providing exceptional cell phone service, which it does, it's a call to action to defend our rights and our freedoms. With Patreon Mobile, you're gonna get outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three major networks, which is pretty amazing. And If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patreon mobile with a coverage guarantee. But here's the huge difference. Every dollar that you spend supports a company that actually believes in the first and the second amendments. The sanctity of life and our veterans and first responders switching is so completely easy. You know, you can keep that number you love the one that all of your friends have in their contacts. Keep your number, keep your phone, or you can even upgrade their 100%. US-based customer support team will help you find the perfect plan right now. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot and you're gonna get a free month of service with the promo code. VINCE, switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend freedom with every call and text that you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot nine seven two Patriot.


Okay, how do we feel? Chad, let me ask this, this is the core question I'll, I'll, I'll put this to the live chat. Do we want President Trump to do more adversarial interviews or have we had enough interviews with places like a, B, C? So more or no more? That's what I wanna know. More interviews or no more interviews with the left wing adversarial press that's constantly attacking Trump. Oh, hell yes. Oh, people want more. More. Okay. Well, let's see. So the results are coming in the results of the most important straw poll in the country coming in.


It is, I I, I think the mores might have it. I do seem to see some enoughs and some nos in classic, in classic VINCE show fashion. We have an overwhelming array of responses that moves so quickly that you have to have incredible vision and perception to be able to detect the answer here. But seeing that as I have, that I have incredible vision and perception, I'm seeing overwhelming mores. So I think the president is gonna do that. So thank you to the live chat for this. Yeah, I look, I, again, I I I've just am thrilled by it every time it happens. So yeah, if I'm being honest, which I am, I'm always honest.


Sure, just keep doing them. That's fine. But in the meantime, I hope the president comes back to this audience too. I wanna talk to the president again. We, we always have a good chat with him and I know he should come back here. So, so thank you very much everybody. Thank you to the president for that. Okay, let's talk about what the president is doing. He had a, a Michigan rally yesterday, last night to mark 100 days. And there was, there was some funny moments. There was one moment where there was a, a woman who was disrupting the rally. And the president sees this woman who apparently is very unfortunate looking and he thinks that she's a man actually, he becomes convinced that she's a man and, and then realizes halfway through, oh, that's a woman who's causing all this chaos.


Cut 11, here's President Trump at that Michigan rally last night. What's the problem over there? What's the problem? Is that a radical left lunatic? He's just a child. All right, get him out. Yeah. Oh wait, I'm sorry. I'm sorry ma'am. I thought it was a guy. Thank you. And she now has to go home to a mother who's a big Trump fan. Her mother's watching. I'm sorry, I thought, I thought that was a guy. It turns out it's an unfortunate looking woman who's causing all that chaos.


And now she has to go home to her mother who's a Trump fan. Really funny. Love the love the interactions. Yeah, that's the, that's the really, the first big rally the president has had as president of the United States out out the country 100 days in a chance to, You know, get back to the good old days, talking to a bunch of Trump supporters right there in Michigan. Very cool. Also, president Trump was laughing off the, the impeachment announcement that was made yesterday by that ridiculous Indian American Congressman Ri which that guy came out you remember earlier this week and says he impeach President Trump.


Well, president Trump said, is that guy a real congressman? He laughed at this. Here he is. Cut 12 responding. He said, ladies and gentlemen, I am going to start the impeachment of Donald Trump. What the hell did I do? Here we go again. They wanna impeach me. This, this lunatic, this lunatic. He was up, actually, I had the television way down And I said to our great first lady, listen, did I just hear I was being impeached again? We are getting good at this though. No, they've gone totally crazy. These people. And You know what? They've totally lost their confidence too. They can't even tell a lunatic like this dumb guy that said it.


And then you have the other one that's always with the cane. He's always impeaching al he raises his cane. He always impeaches. But they have no control over those people. They have no control. And the reason is they've lost their confidence. Yeah, no, they have no control over the lunatics in their own party. The president pointing out is Congressman Riar announced yesterday, it's time to impeach Trump. It's time to impeach Trump. Of course he's got a, he's got a real problem on his hands. Apparently Democrats are looking to unseat him. So he's trying to come up with theatrical ways to stay in office, including, I've gotta impeach Trump. Okay, great. And it's hilarious. The reason he wants to impeach Trump is kil Mara Rego Garcia, the MS 13 gangster.


'cause he desperately wants him back in the country. That's how crazy these people are getting absolutely crazy. And on this MS 13 thing, let me tell you something. Every, at every passing day, we get more bad news for Kmar, more news that suggests that declares outright that he should not be back in our country. Have you seen what the New York Post is reporting today on this subject? Jenny Tear, a great New York Post reporter, she used to work with me at The Daily Caller. Here's what she's saying. The New York Post has obtained court documents. She just reported this, obtained court documents from 2018 showing that Kilmore Abrego Garcia was accused of gang membership by his wife's ex follow along here, his wife's ex, who is the father of two of her children.


So kil MA's wife has a baby daddy, father of two of her kids, and his name is Edwin Trejo Ramos. And in 2018, he filed an emergency petition to the Circuit Court in Prince George's County, Maryland, declaring that she's dating his, his ex is dating a gang member. And she was seeking an emergency. He was seeking an emergency court hearing for the custody of his two children to keep them away from the gang member. Right here, you see his name at the top of this document, Edwin Trejo Ramos versus the defendants.


Jennifer is her first name, Vasquez Sora. And here it says, the child or children are in serious danger at this time because she tried to kill herself and she left the kids with an 11-year-old to take care of them. And I'm afraid of my kids' lives are in danger because she is dating a gang member. Look at this document. So in addition, what, what is the evidence against this guy? Well, the nature of the, where they picked him up, he's standing with MS 13 gangsters. He's wearing MS 13 paraphernalia. He has MS 13 tattoos all over his knuckles. There's evidence filed by his wife that he's an abusive husband, he's been beating her.


She feared for her life and limb in that household. And now we have this additional, and of course the government, the government rendered the judgment over and over and over again that this guy's, MS 13. And now we have a brand new document, at least for the public that was filed in 2018 by a man who was very concerned about the wellbeing of his children, saying that Kilmore Abrego Garcia is quote a gang member. This is right here in these documents obtained by the New York Post Jenny Terry, great reporter. So again, Terry Moran asking earlier, what about due process? How much more due process do you need? How much more sworn evidence do you need?


This is an affidavit being filed to a court. This is sworn testimony under penalty of perjury. Let me just accentuate that detail. Look at the bottom of this. I hereby swear and affirm under the penalties of perjury and upon personal knowledge that the facts in the matter set forth in the foregoing motion attached are true and correct under penalty of perjury. So these are, these pages are, once again, yes, the chat is saying it right receipts, these are the receipts of this guy being in an MS 13 gangster. You sure you want to keep doing this? Chris Van Hoen? You sure you wanna keep doing this? You lunatic Democrats and these Democrats, they're doing it for a combo of reasons.


One of them has to be that they just hate you. They just, they're, they're just against, against Americans. Let's just bring back illegal aliens who do so much damage to the country. Here it is so abundantly clear what's going on. The other piece of this is that these guys wanted a luxury vacation. Chris Van Holland, these four Democrat congressmen went down to El Salvador. Remember what happened to El Salvador? That's a country that was the most dangerous country on the planet and has now become the safest country in the Western hemisphere, thanks to President Quele and Law and Order. It's as simple as that. And so El Salvador is a beautiful country.


You know, it's a beautiful country, it's a tropical country. It's the kind of place if it's safe that you wanna visit. And sure enough, these Democrats at your expense had a luxury vacation in El Salvador. And speaking of receipts, I have those in just a moment. We'll get to the receipts on that story because that's a big one. That's a talk about a scandal. Forget this crap they're inventing about Trump. How about the real scandals that these Democrats are guilty of? That's coming up.


First, I wanna thank our sponsors. You know, as you get older, you try and figure out ways to stay younger and healthier, but slowing down aging so you can live longer. How do you do that? Well, I'm excited to share with you C 15 from Fatty 15. It's the first essential fatty acid to be discovered in more than 90 years. Fatty 15 co-founder Dr. Stephanie Van Watson discovered the benefits of C 15 while working with the US Navy to help improve the health of aging dolphins. Isn't that cool? And based on studies, we know that when our cells don't have enough C 15, they age faster. Thankfully, fatty 15 can help repair age-related damage to cells, help protect them from future breakdown, and actually help activate the pathways in the body that can help regulate our sleep, our mood, and natural repair mechanisms that support our overall wellness. Fatty 15 is a science-backed award-winning vegan, 100% pure C 15 supplement. And you don't have to take my word for it. Look it up yourself. It's great stuff. Fatty 15 is on a mission to optimize your C 15 levels to help you live healthier and longer. You can get an additional 15% off their 90 day subscription starter kit by going to fatty fifteen.com/ VINCE and using the code VINCE at checkout. These statements have not been evaluated by the fda and this product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


Yes indeed. Our thanks to fatty 15 and fast-growing trees. Did you know the fast-growing trees is the biggest online nursery in the United States with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers. That includes yours Truly. They've got all the plants that your yard needs and my yard needs like fruit trees and privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs so much more. It's spring. Look, whatever plants you're interested in, fast growing trees has you covered. Order online, get your plants delivered directly to your door, nice and safe, perfectly delivered in just a few days. Their alive and thrive guarantee ensures that your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape. I'm telling you, it's a a total blast. Actually, just look at the website. You'll enjoy deciding which plants you should add to your property this spring. They've got the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals and viewers. Listeners to this show get 15% off their first purchase when using the code VINCE at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at fast-growing trees.com. Use the code VINCE at checkout. Now's the perfect time to plant. Offer is valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply. Go to fast-growing trees.com for details. Yes indeed. Fast-growing trees.


Hey, let's see here. No, it's not a bottle of fatty 15 on the table behind me. EEG Griff one 30. That is a, that's a bottle of bookers bourbon. Good old bookers today. I've been, yes. And for those Eagle Eye bourbon junkies among you. Yes, I've been rotating the bottles each day. I try to anyway. I know at some point I'm gonna get caught. Even the same bottle there or I'll just run out of bottles and we'll get duplicates when I start re recycling 'em back through. But working my way through, I got the, I got the bookers today. Hey, let me see here. I've got, like I said, I've got the receipts for these lunatic congressmen who have been vacationing in El Salvador. Here you go.


You ready for this? These guys have been living in the lap of five star luxury in El Salvador. That's where this is. Take a look at this. Here you go. Receipts, exclusive reporting from the daily caller. Just out Democrats Enjoyed Luxury resorts comforts while protesting deportation of an alleged MS 13 gang banger. Yeah. Four House Democrats who raced to El Salvador to stand up for a deported illegal with alleged criminal ties. Stayed in a luxury hotel with panoramic views of the country's greenery. The Daily Caller News Foundation has learned Democrat representatives, Maxwell Frost of Florida, Robert Garcia of California, Maxine Dexter of Oregon, and Yasin Ansari of Arizona.


They all traveled to San Salvador. That's the capital of El Salvador. And the claim was that they were there for their conjugal visits with Kmar Abrego Garcia. Let us see him. We want margaritas with him just like Chris Van Holland. They stayed at the Hilton San Salvador. The Hilton San Salvador. This is a luxury five star resort against the picturesque backdrop of the capital City's volcano. The San Salvador Hotel has rooms that include scenic views of the capital city's landscape and outdoor terrace where guests can enjoy margaritas. We've seen that and dine on local culinary treats and they have made to order papoosas.


I would love a made to order posa. The hotel is described as providing a tranquil retreat for those seeking comfort and convenience. And Google, of course rates the property as five stars. Let's take a look at this. Let's take a look at this hotel. What do We got? So there's a one goofy looking congresswoman that's a congresswoman Maxine Dexter filming. She's at the actual hotel filming with tropical scenery all around her. Here's the terrace that she filmed it on. That's the Hilton, San Salvador terrace area. A beautiful place to look to, to eat a OSA or have a nice cup of coffee. They're, they enjoyed it. There. Again, this is all a taxpayer expense.


There's Congressman Robert Garcia. He was warning of a constitutional crisis while he was in El Salvador. He was in a luxury hotel room right there, a five star hotel, the Hilton and San Salvador. Look at the views you can get in this hotel. How about that? There's a volcano in the window. Beautiful tropical scenery. That's, that's amazing. And not the kind of thing you and I should be wasting money on for congressman. There's the, the child congressman. That's the Congressman Maxwell Frost. And he posted Instagram reels from the Hilton San Salvador. There he is standing in the courtyard. He's got tropical scenery behind him. Look at that.


That's where he was. This beautiful little venue which can be converted. Would you like to have your wedding in a five star hotel in El Salvador? That's what it could look like. That's the backdrop. That's where Maxwell Frost was hanging out. Here he is doing a news conference at the luxury location alongside the other three congressmen who've been stealing from you. And so, yeah, there you go. So this is a, these are the guys, they stole your money for a luxury vacation and then they pretended there was a business purpose here. Oh, we have to, we have to free kmar. What? That's, that's what you were up to. Can you imagine If you took money from your business, If you expensed something that you really knew you shouldn't, and then you told your boss, your boss was like, Hey, what was that about?


You're like, oh, I, I had to go on this trip because I was advocating for the release of an MS 13 terrorist. What would happen, what would happen in that environment? Well, in a functioning business, you'd be fired. You'd, you'd be fired. Perhaps you'd be referred to the, to the government for some sort of criminal referral for trying to aid in ab bet terrorists. Yeah, the Hilton Sam Salvador. What a, what a beautiful place. Looks like they've got some good rates right now, but my guess is it's not for the volcano view If you're, if you're going there, but, but even so, You know, that's a lot of money. A lot of money to cough up. You stay there four nights, it's a thousand bucks.


They say two 50 a night at the Hilton San Salvador. You know, Justin just said, I'm not paying two 50 a night for a hotel room and I respect you for that Justin. But I I, I hate to tell you, you already did. You already paid for this. You already paid for this hotel room. This is, You know, because these guys stole it from Justin and, and, and from the rest of us. They stole our money to stay at a $250. That's the best available, right? 250 bucks a night to stay at the, the Hilton San Salvador. So yeah, that's the, that's the update there. Wanted to make sure You know how these guys are burning through your cash and stealing from you any pretext whatsoever to steal from you.


They're gonna jump all over it. Okay? So we have those idiots doing that. And then, and then I wanna go back to the president's remarks in Michigan because he was there and, and he brought up something really important. I know a lot of you have been asking, Hey, what's the progress on the big beautiful bill on that big beautiful bill? And the president offered an update on that subject last night. And I wanna get into it here and I promise in the, in the days and weeks ahead, we're gonna talk about this a lot more. But lemme just start with the president here for you. Here we go. Here's the president of the United States last night talking about that big beautiful bill in The coming weeks.


And we will pass the largest tax cuts in American history and that will include no tax on tips, no tax on social security, no tax on overtime. It's called the one big beautiful bill. And it will be the biggest bill ever passed in our country's history. It will include the biggest tax cuts, regulation, cuts, military supremacy in just about everything else. We will cut more than $1 trillion in wasteful and unnecessary spending. And in the next fiscal year, it'll all be done. We're gonna have something that you won't even believe We will end inflation slash prices. We've already ended inflation raise wages and give you the greatest economy in the history of the world.


Yeah, that's already happening with our tax bill. The average family's take home pay will be at least $5,000 more than it was Wow. Just a couple of months ago. All right, so the president saying, Hey, this big beautiful bill's being worked on right now. Who did I see? Oh, Coogan Jr in the chat called it the hot, sexy, beautiful bill. So beautiful, so sexy, which I, I think is great. The president should add that to the rotation. And so he's promising, like you look this thing's on the way and this is a massive deal. This is a massive deal because if it doesn't get done, what Democrats have in store for you and for me and for the whole country is a massive tax increase.


Democrats wanna raise your taxes dramatically, dramatically. So the President's tax reform, his tax cuts dating back to December of 2017. That's when it was finally signed into law. That has led to a massive tax cuts And it led to an explosion in the economy. The economy skyrocketed after the, the tax reform. In fact, the government took in more revenue in 2018 than it had the year prior with tax cuts in place. Now, the left will tell you this is a statistical impossibility because they're lying to you. And the reality is, as an effect of the tax reform with all these tax cuts, people were able to use their money.


The economy was supercharged. There was much more productivity going on. GDP skyrocketed and the government took in more tax revenue as a result of all of that activity. It's a simple economic principle. You've heard it before. It's been described as the Laffer Curve, popularized by a guy called Art Laffer who drew on a napkin, a really basic formula, which is, I don't have a napkin around me. I was gonna show you, which, which is essentially that. Okay, here you go. I'll, I'll show you. Essentially, let's do a little, a little sketch here. So we get taxes here. I'm writing it down. Taxes and revenues. That's the thing you're looking for, right?


And when taxes are at 100%, I'm writing all this down, then I'm gonna show you, you get zero revenues and when taxes are at 0%, you get zero revenues. And the reason for that, here you go. Ready? Let's see if I can can show you this. That's the Laffer Curve. I know that's really, that's a poorly delivered Laffer Curve. Taxes and revenues. But when taxes are at a hundred percent, there's no revenues because there's no productivity. Nobody's gonna make a product and then sell it in the United States if they're being taxed at a hundred percent. That's insanity. Why would you do any work If you get to keep none of your income? And then if taxes are at zero, the government gets no revenues. So in other words, there's a sweet spot, there's a sweet spot, there's a spot where you can tax people and get maximum productivity.


That's the Laffer Curve. Yes, I am an artist. Thank you. That's what that is. And so here you have the president saying, I've gotta sustain these tax cuts. I've gotta sustain these tax cuts because I need productivity to skyrocket in the United States and not just sustain the tax cuts. I have to add tax cuts, I have to add them. And so what, what kind of tax cuts does he wanna do? No tax on tips, no tax on overtime, no tax on social security. By the way, for those of you who've been watching the president closely remember during the campaign, he said no federal income taxes at all. Remember that that was something that he talked about, floated it out there.


I hope he goes back to that. He was, his, his view was, we don't, we shouldn't even have any internal revenue service. It should just be an external revenue service. Let's go back to the 18 hundreds where we're taking in, in the early 19 hundreds where we're taking in money via tariffs and external fees, not taxing American citizens here in the United States. So yeah, Bel has it, right. No tax at all. Let the tariffs fly. You're exactly right. So I just, just reminding people of the external revenue service, dog, dog, ear, that, You know, keep that in mind 'cause that would be a big deal. But the president now working on this big beautiful bill. So what's the progress here? What's actually happening? Well, let's start with some of the basics.


The house is working on it. The house is working on it. Steve Scalise out with this statement yesterday indicating that something is being done here. Take a listen. The budget reconciliation process formally starts today with the reconciliation Bill. Seven committees go to work this week. Next week, another four committees will continue doing that important work. And this has been about a year in the making. This is not something that happened overnight. All of our committees have been meeting both individually. We've been meeting with the president for about a year to get to this moment and start delivering on those things that we all ran on.


These are not just campaign promises that Donald Trump talked about on a campaign trail. This is also something that House Republicans said we would do. We said we would prevent a massive tax increase on American families. If Congress takes no action, there would be a four and a half trillion dollar tax hike On, yeah, four and a half trillion dollar tax hike is en route unless these guys can get control of it, okay? Which they have to do. And with haste, I'm telling you they've gotta do this fast. And here's why I'm telling you they have to do it fast. I wanna take you back in time. Remember when Trump's tax reform was passed originally, it didn't get passed and signed into law until the end of 2017.


Republicans controlled both houses in 2017 going into 2018. They controlled the House and the Senate. And so the President was able to get something through. But Republicans dragged their feet before they finally got that tax reform passed. By the time it did get passed, the effects that could be felt in the economy were slow to be delivered. It would be delivered later in the year 2018. And yes, we did see revenues increase. It was good to have that, but we didn't have certainty about tax reforms in place. So businesses couldn't make business decisions on the basis of something that wasn't yet passed into law. And so the, the effects of it were delayed, in other words.


And so by the 2018 midterms, does anybody remember what happened to the control of the United States House of Representatives? Republicans lost it. Republicans by 2018 midterms, they lost control of the house. So right now we are in a situation where republicans, if they move quickly, they can make sure the American people feel the long lasting ramifications and effects of actually delivering the Trump agenda, the agenda you voted for to them with haste. And businesses can have certainty about what the world looks like going forward so they can make capital investments right here in the United States. It's a very simple thing. And so the slower they go, the crappier it is for the rest of us.


So they have to move. Now, I'm not gonna sugarcoat this. They're moving a little slow yard. Steve Scalise a moment ago. Say, they're working okay, you're working, but what else is happening? Well, our friend Sean Farish noted this yesterday. He spotted this, this thing from, from speaker Mike Johnson. Take a look at this Sean ish saying, Mike Johnson now says they don't plan on having the big beautiful bill until July 4th. Remember, this was supposed to be Memorial Day, a full month earlier. Now it's been kicked back a month. July 4th, Congress is made up of some of the least productive people on the planet, says Sean ish. Not wrong. Take a look here.


Speaker Johnson. Two weeks is gonna be critical. We're working on the big beautiful bill, the reconciliation bill. A lot of work's gone in this already. You know, we've been working on it for over a year. And now is the, is is game time. It, the, the big developments are be coming together. We're excited about that. I think it's gonna be a great piece of legislation. It's gonna solve a lot of problems. It's gonna be turbo fuel, turbo boost for the economy and we're looking forward to getting that. You good? Florida comes in, right? So there you go. So we're, we're, we're now gonna do it by July. Well, as of yesterday morning it was supposed to be Memorial Day. Now it's, well boop, we're going right to July now. It'll be July 4th Independence Day before we see any action on this. And so here's, here's today's homework. I think here's today's effort to help our country become great.


Browbeat your lawmaker. Call him. Just tell him you need to move faster than that. It can't be Independence Day. I'm supposed to be celebrating by Independence Day. I'm not supposed to be sweating whether or not the government's actually gonna deliver what I voted for. Get it done, get it done, get the president's agenda passed, get that big beautiful bill through, and give the American economy the super fuel it needs in order to thrive. Because look, I'm just helping you out, Republicans, that's all I'm doing. I'm giving, I'm, I'm this it, obviously, I'm, I wanted this for the country. I want this for all the American people.


But I'm telling you right now, If you wanna make a case in the, in the 2026 midterms that you deserve to hold power still and you wanna make a good case to the American people, well deliver to them. Deliver to the, and do it quickly. Do You know how much it's gonna mean to seniors across the country if they no longer have to pay taxes on social security? Do You know how much it's gonna mean to service workers if they don't have to pay taxes on the tips that they're earning, their tipped wages? Do You know how much it's gonna mean for Americans who are busting their tail and working overtime that that overtime is no longer taxed? It's gonna mean incredible things. It for the bottom lines of American families. And when they look at their paychecks and they see, Hey, I'm getting more money now.


They're gonna directly give you credit for having worked for them. It's as straightforward as that. So do it, deliver and do it with haste so that way that message has time to really set in. And you get that credit in the form of American applause, in the form of American votes. It's as straightforward as that. Do it now. And so when you see these members of, of Congress, when you see these lawmakers, when you talk to them, ask them, Hey, what's the delay here? And the last thing I'll say about a delay in Congress that always, that You know, you can, you can smell it, can't you? I can smell it too. The longer it takes something to do like this, like a big bill like this, the more corruption is going on.


You know that the delay is about the kind of haggling that won't in the end benefit you, but instead take advantage of you. So the longer this thing stretches out, the more time it allows people to tactically meddle with it out of your sight. Enough of that, we've seen enough of that. No more, no more. Get this thing passed and do it quickly and so the president can sign it and that we can all celebrate Independence Day together. That's what I want. I don't wanna be sweating on Independence Day at all. Okay. Economic data real quick for you, I wanna share with you, we've got a new report this morning. Lemme see if I can pull up just some random, You know, GDP survey today that, that talks about this.


Here we go here Here's an example. This is the New York Times today. This is a perfect example. New York Times goes, US economy shrank in the first quarter in reading, clouded by messy trade data. US economy shrank in Q1, cloudy and messy trade data. This is where it is gonna be really important for us to, to tell you the truth, of course, as always about what's going on. The New York Times says that US gross domestic product adjusted for inflation declined at a 0.3% annual rate in the first three months of the year. The Commerce Department said Wednesday. It was on the surface a stunning reversal from the strong growth at the end of last year when the economy expanded at a 2.4% rate.


Okay? So they're saying, look, the, the, this, the, the implication here is look under Biden. That final quarter was like amazing. There was so much, there was so much good stuff going on and under Trump now in this first quarter to the extent that he's responsible for it. So it's like after January 20th, well, things went down. So Trump bad, Biden good. That's the, that's the, that's the vibe that New York Times is projecting here. Let tell you what, they're not telling you, what they're not telling you about this data. That's really important to know. EJ and Tony, our in-house economist has already jumped into this, this morning and has pointed out something really, really important. Yes, you saw a, a decline in GDP, but you understand how GDP is measured.


If your imports dramatically explode like they did in the first quarter of this year, that drags the gross domestic product down. So why are imports exploding? Earlier this year, they exploded 41.3% for the quarter. It's because all of these companies were trying to get out ahead of President Trump's tariff announcement. So they made a tactical decision to import more product into the United States before the tariffs finally set in. So we saw a rise in imports, and that is the reason. This is very simple. That is the reason that the GDP number looks like it went down. Now, what is actually happening in the United States?


That's the core question. And the answer to that is, really good investment has exploded by nearly 22% this quarter in the United States. That's domestic investment. As EJ points out, despite the headline number, this is a surprisingly good report. Further, EJ Tony has, has more information on this, saying that consumer spending has outpaced government purchases in order one by 3.2 percentage points. That is the best single number we've had since 2022, Q2, 2022, which was also the last time the government purchases declined.


This is fantastic. News says EJ and Tony, so government purchases are going down. You remember these jobs reports we've talked about. Government hiring is going down, private sector, hiring is going up, domestic investment is going up. We've seen somewhere between five to $7 trillion in new commitments while President Trump has been in office, consumer spending doing well, government purchases going down. This data is speaking really well of the Trump economic agenda. Really, really well. What we want is domestic investment. It makes sense that companies who were relying on imports would rush to bring a bunch in, in Q1, but what happens now?


Well, we get on track to fixing all of this and President Trump's tariffs are paying off. I, I'll continue to deliver more information to you on this 'cause I'm running up against the clock here, but just give you a sense of, of how well things are working at the moment. Trump's tariffs have already resulted in China's factory operations dropping to two year lows. CNBC just had this report. China's factory operations activity has now dropped to a near two year low in April as trade tariffs bite. In other words, China's manufacturing is now plummeting as President Trump takes it to them in order to restore the American economy, and that's just a piece of it.


AstraZeneca, the drug manufacturer, just announced that they're moving more drug production to the United States as a result of all of this. As President Trump is fighting back for us. So we've got good data, good data to close out the show today. A great report for you for the 100 day. Now we're going into 101 days of Trump and I'm looking forward to the next hundred baby. And also I'm looking forward to more interviews between President Trump and these crazy reporters who think they can get the best of them. It's not working. It's not working, but you are. God bless you. Always good to have you with us here on VINCE, the best audience in media. You have a fantastic Wednesday. I'll be back with you tomorrow.