
Welcome to VINCE. Great to have you with us. It's a Thursday. Nice to have you on the show. If you're watching live, that's at rumble.com/ VINCE, or you're listening on the podcast. Always appreciate you in this great country, man. We've got a lot of news to get to today. Did you see that the President of the United States has announced a full-blown presidentially authorized investigation into the last guy, president Autopen, who was actually running the country when that guy was clearly not signing those documents. The president of the United States now getting involved in this. I've got updates on that. We also have Tom Fitten from Judicial Watch. Tom taking a break from the gym to stop by. I'm just kidding. I love Tom to stop by and chat with us on the program.


Give us an update on what exactly is going on as we dig into the abuses of the last administration. Also, did you see FBI, deputy Director Dan Bonino, just did a big interview with Sean Hannity, which even before I get to the content of that, let me just say, it made me feel so much better about whatever technical errors we have from time to time here on this program, because I was watching last night as Hannity was interviewing Bonino, and the two of them were talking, and Dan couldn't hear Sean. Sean's asking questions. Dan couldn't even hear them. He is staring into the camera. There's a huge audio problem. Sean Hannity has to go to break, and I'm laughing to myself thinking, well, look, if a multi-billion dollar corporation can screw this up, we can make a few mistakes from time to time.


I think that counts. I think, I think that qualifies. So, Justin, we're in the clear. I think we're all right if Fox is screwing that up ahead. I've got all, all, all the big takeaways from the the Dan Bonino, Sean Hannity conversation, of course, the investigation into President Autopen and so much more on a Thursday. Good to have you with us today.


Hey, I gotta thank the sponsors of this program that keep this program going. You're going to think I'm describing weight loss injections here, but I'm not. You know, these remarkable weight loss testimonials actually come from a doctor formulated weight loss supplement that's called Lean by Brick House Nutrition. Patty s said this, I've found a weight loss product that works. I wanted to lose 20 pounds and lean really curbed my appetite. Lori m wrote this quote, I've struggled to get weight off and lean has been a lifesaver. I've been losing a couple pounds a week or more. And Kelly f said, amazing. I immediately noticed an energy boost and a healthy loss in weight. I would promote this product to anyone lean by brick as nutrition was created by a doctor and a university researcher to target the goals of GLP ones. But without any of those injections, the studied ingredients in lean have been shown to lower blood sugar, radically reduce appetite and burn fat by converting it into energy. If you're struggling to lose weight and healthy diet and exercise are not enough, lean is just for you. Let us get you started with 20% off. Just use the code VINCE twenty@takelean.com. That's code VINCE twenty@takelean.com. Again, take lean.com. Results vary. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease, and they're not a substitute for care from your healthcare provider. Okay?


Okay. So Dan shows up on national television again, and every time he does, I'm getting some breadcrumbs from this guy and some really big ones. In fact, actually, You know, let me just, I, I know there's, there's so much that you and I are looking backward at things that we need, You know, investigated and that subsequently prosecuted. Absolutely. But right now, in terms of the present threats to the country, just imagine being the FBI deputy director or the FBI director. I saw somebody on, on social media, all these people on social media attacking cash. And Dan, that's fine. You're allowed to do, it's for free country. But somebody said like, oh, anybody, anybody would kill to have that job. Anybody would kill to have that job.


I don't think so, especially after you hear Dan, describe the threat environment that you would be tasked with confronting to prevent Americans from being killed. Take a look here, Dan summarizing and, and really focusing in on what he says is a, an acute, an acute, his word, drone threat to the United States of America. Here's Mr. Bonino, And I know you all to be honorable people. My sources have repeatedly told me that they can barely sleep at night. That if the average American knew how bad it was, they would be, they'd be shocked to their inner core.


Is that true? The threat picture now for the United States is dramatic, and I really appreciate, we have a president, an attorney general, and FBI director who take those threats seriously. I mean, you name it, Sean, you, you ask me what's the biggest threat right now. People say, well, what keeps you up at night? Well, the answer is, it does. I, I'd never sleep if I thought about this stuff all the time, but it all keeps me up at night. The drone threat. This is a perilous acute threat. It's not here tomorrow. It's here today. Everybody saw what happened in Russia. It's only a matter of time if we don't take action, which I promise you, the attorney general and the director and I are taking action on this threat. It is here right now. You've got the threat of AI alignment there.


You've got the threat of China infiltration into our systems. It's been publicly reported. You've seen it when you get the President's daily brief every morning, like the director and I do for this, this half an hour block, we get, it's the first thing we do. You know, Sean, you walk outta there and you, you're like, somebody go get me a cup of coffee. I mean, this is really, I I need to, a coffee relaxes me a little bit because you go out of there, your blood pressure's through the roof. It's so many different things to action. And one last thing. When you combine that with the director and I, our priority, which is reform, without reform, we're not gonna have anything because the American people won't trust us. They will not trust us. And after what happened, I don't blame them for that mistrust.


You combine that and layer it on, yeah, We got a, We got a big job, but the director and I are are, are glad we're doing it. That's a big deal. That's a very big deal. The threat environment that he's describing as he goes down that list. Did you notice what he started with? Drones? He started with drones because they genuinely within the FBI must be seeing that the drone threat is present And it, as he points out, acute, very acute. It's a huge problem in terms of how to stop these time types of attacks. For those of us who followed Dan's public commentary prior to joining the FBI, and this is something I was reflecting on as well.


Do you remember what happened ahead of Trump's inauguration? You remember the, the drone threat that existed ahead of Trump's inauguration. There was a big change that was made by the leading commercial drone manufacturer in the world called D-J-I-D-J-I-D-J-I is a Chinese drone company, And it is the number one seller of drones all around the planet, including right here in the United States. People buy drones for their own, You know, use their hobbyist use. Many of them are of course, made by DJI, And it comes with sophisticated software that you can use to fly it. Now, it used to be up until just before President Trump's inauguration that DJI drones were forbidden by the software from flying into no fly zones.


So for instance, in and around the United States capitol, it is forbidden. It is against the law to fly drones in that region of the country. You're not allowed to do it. It's considered enough of a safety threat that drones are not permitted to be flown in that area. So it's a no fly zone. And so previously, DJI would on the, on the app would block it off completely, but just ahead of the inauguration, You know what they did? You know what they did? They, they shut off that prevention. They made it so that people could fly drones anywhere they wanted. Now the software was changed. The Chinese owned company, DJI, the CCP controlled company, DJI decided to get rid of those protections.


And instead, now it just gives you a warning that you're flying in a no-fly zone. But If you're a bad guy, what does it matter? If a warning pops up on your screen, If you have something nefarious in mind, the warning is not gonna stop you. So there is a pressing drone threat in the United States of America. You talk to anybody who's involved in national security and they say this is a big deal because this changes the dimensions of the threat environment that adds that extra third dimension coming from the air coming over the top of various security and barricades. And we can see in vivid detail, unfortunately, and I wouldn't go searching it out, but if you've seen social media at all, you've probably seen some of these videos.


You can see what those drones look like on the battlefield. I'm not talking about those, those big American drones that fly over a Middle Eastern target and drop some sort of bomb down. That's one thing I'm talking about these little drones with a couple of props on them that carry explosives and that are being used to attack soldiers on the battlefield in Ukraine and Russia. I'm talking about the Ukrainian drone attack. They just brought in fleets of semi semi-truck into Russia, a Trojan horse style attack, parked the trucks on the side of the road, opened them up, and then had a fleet of drones leave the vehicles and then attack these aircraft in Russia, which by the way, the president of the United States just had a conversation with Vladimir Putin yesterday, and Putin promised retaliation for that attack inside of his borders.


So that war is not really showing any meaningful signs of slowing down while we're on that subject. But the use of drones to kill people and strike targets, well, that's happening all around the planet. And here in the United States, you just heard from the deputy director of the FBI telling you, he's deeply concerned about that threat. And so in one sense, I got a, I got a message this morning from a relative who said to me, man, I'm really happy to hear Dan talking about the drone threat. I'm glad they're taking that seriously. Me too, me too. I'm very happy that they're taking it seriously. And Dan's taking it seriously for a while. But conversely, it's worrisome to hear them talk about this. When, when Dan says this and says, look, this is the big acute thing that's constantly hanging over us, literally and figuratively in the, in the, in, in the drone space.


When he says that, I'm like, oh my God, that means, that must mean that this is actually really over the top, the threat environment that they've gotta face. So I appreciate that. I, I prefer transparency. I don't wanna be kept in the dark on this. I appreciate the transparency on that as Dan's laying out the priorities. Here's what we're dealing with right now. It's a big job in addition to the fact that the FBI's being used to deport lots of people right now, a lot of illegal aliens being thrown out by people wearing FBI jackets right now. So this is not a do nothing FBI, this is a do a lot, FBI right. Now. Also, Dan mentioned last night, You know, there was a right after that terror attack at, at the beginning of the week in Boulder, Colorado, where you had that lunatic, illegal alien set.


A bunch of, You know, Jewish people, they set Jewish people, pro-Israeli people, people really just who wanted the, the Israeli hostages released by Hamas. Who doesn't want that except for the terrorists? They get set on fire by this lunatic terrorist. And so Cash and Dan leading the FBI, they right away they said, this is a terrorism investigation. Obviously, it's got all the, the markings of a terror investigation. The way that this attack was conducted is terrorism. The things that he was screaming amount to terrorism. This is terrorism, You know? So that's very straightforward. And meanwhile, the police chief in Boulder, Colorado, we heard him at the beginning of the week saying, well, we're withholding judgment just yet.


We're not ready to call this terrorism. When are you gonna be ready? How much more evidence do you possibly need? And so Dan kind of addressed this yesterday. He's like, look, we're not playing word games. We're just gonna tell it like it is from the moment we find out what happens. Here he is Cut three Dan talking about word games attack, Investigating terror attacks do happen. And I'm gonna add another thing, Sean, we're not the Federal Bureau of freaking word games anymore, okay? It's the Federal Bureau of Investigation. When some guy shows up at a scene, and I'm getting an intel stream from our information center that indicates he threw an incendiary device, okay? While screaming very specific words with multiple witnesses and video, we're damn well going to investigate it.


Listen to me investigate it as targeted violence and a terror attack. You don't like it, you don't have to follow my official Twitter, but I saw a whole bunch of people losing their minds. What the hell? You want us to investigate it? A freaking grand larceny Auto. Yeah, no, there's g So that last distinction, that, that investigation component to this really important, remember, everybody's innocent until they're proven guilty. It's why even in the face of overwhelming video evidence, we say that the guy's an alleged terrorist, but obviously you watch that and you go, this is a terrorism investigation. Because what took place to the common eye and common ear and to the experience of the people who went through that horror is terrorism.


So yes, it's being conducted as a terror investigation, an important, important distinction there. The way they're doing this thing. Also, You know, going after here's this is, this is the last one I'll leave you with. You know, I yes, I, I know. Look, the Jeffrey Epstein stuff. Everyone wants to talk about the Epstein stuff and keeps, keeps riding these guys. Dan tells us that the files that he sees suggests Epstein killed himself. I, I'm, I have the same request for him as I did before. I, I want them to release as much as they can. And Dan offered that update last night that they're gonna release this video that he said gives him a lot of confidence in that answer. Good. He's a big receipts guide. Me too. I'd like to see all the receipts on this subject because, You know, of course you and I have seen a lot of compelling evidence suggesting, how did that guy kill himself?


He broke his bones that many times doing it himself. It doesn't add up. So yes, receipts, please. I love receipts. Okay. Dan also talked about something super interesting here. I think he kind of tipped the hand of the Justice Department and, and not in a not subtle way. And in the question that, that Hannity asked him was about, Hey, what about these Democrat attorneys all across the country who abused their power and coordinated with the White House to destroy Donald Trump, big fat Fannie Willis? What about her? What about Big Tish James up in New York? What about Alvin Bragg Fat, Alvin Bragg, these guys are all fat and big Alvin Bragg in New York.


What's going on here? Any of these are, is the FBI looking into all of this and the abuse of power at their hands? I thought Dan gave the most interesting public answer on that question yet. And remember, this, this stuff is inside of the statute of limitations. There are fewer barriers to going after this right now and holding these people accountable for what appeared to have been crimes that were committed just over the course of the last year or so. Here's Dan Cut four going after corrupt politicians. Are you gonna be looking into when Cash and Pam, any potential collusion between the DOJ Leticia James, the novel Legal theory of Alvin Bragg or Nathan Wade or Fannie Willis and the DOJ?


Is that something, has anything come up? Is there any way to determine whether or not evidence was destroyed in any of these cases? Well, there's always a way to determine that. I don't want to comment on that specific case right now for a reason. I don't wanna get ahead of the Department of Justice on that. But I wanna say this, You know, the FBI obviously has the public corruption portfolio. And yes, If you are a corrupt politician out there, If you are engaged in behavior, you, You know what you're doing, we're gonna find you. That sounded to me like Dan was tipping his hand. I can't, I can't speak to that specifically. You asked a question about four different people, Letitia, James, Fannie Willis, Nathan Wade, Alvin Bragg, and the Justice Department is moving on.


Something related to all of that. So I'm not gonna talk anymore about that. That that means something. That means something. Now, obviously at this point, we do know that the Justice Department is looking into Letitia James for her mortgage fraud, for her mortgage fraud. They, they are going after her for that, that may be a component to that answer. But this is, these are the kinds of things, again, I tell you every so often, you should dog hear that. Save that. In fact, Dan himself, let me actually pull this up 'cause it seems worthwhile for you to, to take a look at this. Dan himself posted the, the following to Twitter adjust this morning. That same clip saying the same thing.


I'm saying, bookmark this, bookmark this. He says, and I'm telling you to dog ear that either way it means the same thing. It means save that somewhere, put that on a post-it note and stick it to a computer screen and figure out and just, and just wait till it comes to fruition. I promise you the glue is not gonna dry on that. It'll, it'll stay up there. It'll stay up there. So there's, there's Dan telling you bookmark this thing. So that'll be interesting that that's good. I like, I like getting progress reports here. I prefer progress reports. I don't like when I hear silence, I'm, that's a lack of progress report as far as I'm concerned. But when I, when I hear Dan step out and say stuff like this, that's a progress report. So that's good. That's, that's very good. Yeah. These guys are staying busy.


Alright, look ahead. I wanna talk about the way that, so that's, that's the bo that's the Dan side of, of looking into all of this. Also, we've got President Trump himself, who has issued a, a presidential memorandum instructing the United States Department of Justice to investigate President Autopen. That is all of the people who were controlling the Biden presidency. And at this point, it's pretty clear, without his knowledge, that is Biden's knowledge more on that in just a moment. I've gotta get into all those details. I said Tom Fitten is gonna be here in just moments. And so we have a lot to discuss. We have a lot to discuss.


Gotta thank the sponsors of this program that includes My Patriot Supply. You ever notice how the power always seems to go out right when you need it the most? Whether it's a heat wave, a summer storm, or just too many people running the AC all at once? Yeah, it's because our fragile grid may not be able to keep up. And this is why you should consider the grid doctor 3,300 solar generator from My Patriot Supply. This thing's an absolute beast. It's 3,300 watts of off grid power that keeps your fridge, freezer lights, even medical devices running whenever grid power fails. And man, that's happening a lot right now. My Patriot Supply has a crazy deal going on. When you buy the grid Doctor, 3,300, they'll throw in two waterproof 200 watts solar panels completely free. That's an $894 value. It's not cheap plastic panels either. These are super durable, they're waterproof, they're built to last through storms and heat and who, who knows what else? Shop My Patriot Supply dot com slash VINCE and you can claim your free panels today. Now, if there was ever a time to get serious about blackout protection, this is it. Go to My Patriot Supply dot com slash VINCE My Patriot Supply dot com slash VINCE and get yours today. Get yours today, man. Man. Oh man.


I, You know, I saw, I actually ran into, for a very brief moment, I ran into the FBI director Cash Patel earlier this week. Isn't is that wild? I was walking, I, I went and I, I had a, I had a a a drinks with a guy at the, the old Trump International Hotel. Now it's, they call it the Waldorf Astoria. And I was heading out and a black car pulls up and somebody opens the door. You know, you see an agent in a, You know, dressed in a suit, earpiece in, open the door to the SUV. And you never know, in Washington DC you have no idea who's about to step outta that car. It could be anybody. And sure enough, it's cash. I was like, cash. He's like, Hey man. I was like, Hey, it's great to see you buddy. And I was, and I shook his hand.


I was like, look, I just gotta say, I know you gotta run inside, but I'm just telling you, I'm rooting for you to get all this done, man. I'm rooting for you. And I know a lot of people, people who are too, especially the people that are in this audience. I said, there's a huge audience that is absolutely rooting for you and Dan to crush all of this. And he said, thanks, man. I know, I know. I've been watching. So that's, that was just, again, ran into him. I, I'd love to get 'em on the program. We're, we're, we're always knocking on the official channels to try and get 'em on either here on the podcast or on the radio show, just to talk to the FBI director, find out what's going on. But that was cool. And then I, I talked a, a, a friend of mine messaged me who said that he ran into Dan at the, at the White House event last night at the White House.


They had a big event where they had all the cabinet officials, agency officials, everybody who President Trump is appointed over to the White House for a summer event. And this, a friend of mine who's never met Dan before he met him last night, he said he was a nice experience. He goes, this is how he described Dan. He said, gruff, but lovable. Which was really funny. Gruff, but lovable. So I think that's a good description of, of Dan Bonino. So that's, that's very cool. Okay, so let me get into what is going on with the President of the United States and investigating President Autopen.


Last night, the president of the United States sent out a presidential memorandum ordering a full blown investigation into the Biden Autopen scandal, a full blown investigation. And in, in, in this memorandum, it says, the counsel to the president in consultation with the Attorney General, that's the Justice Department, and the head of any other relevant executive department or agency, shall investigate to the extent permitted by law, whether certain individuals conspired to deceive the public about Biden's mental state in unconstitutionally exercise the authorities and responsibilities of the President. You see that what they're saying is this is a constitutional crisis.


This is what the president, the, the current, our President of the United States duly elected says about the Biden presidency. Any activity coordinated or otherwise to purposefully shield the public from information regarding Biden's mental and physical health shall be investigated. Any agreements between biden's aids to cooperatively and falsely deem recorded videos of the President's cognitive inability as fake. This would go right to, by the way, corre John Pierre, who said that actual videos of Joe Biden losing his mind on a campaign stage were nothing more than cheap fakes. That's the Press Secretary paid for by the American people, unfortunately. Number three, any agreements between Biden's aide to require false public statements elevating the President's capabilities.


Number four, the purpose of these activities, including to assert authorities of the President of the United States and the Council to the President shall also investigate in consultation with the Attorney General and the head of any other relevant agency, the circumstances surrounding Biden's supposed execution of numerous executive actions during his final years in office. This investigation shall address the policy documents for which the auto pen was used. In other words, stuff that Biden didn't sign, including clemency grants, executive orders, presidential memorandum, or other presidential policy decisions. And whoever directed that, the President's signature be affixed.


Okay? All right, so that's the official memorandum from President Trump calling for a full blown investigation into President Autopen. This has to be done, this has to be done. He's not the first person in the administration to say this. The head of the DOJ task force on Weaponization is a guy called Ed Martin. Ed Martin is a great American, and he's been looking into this since the moment he became, for a short time, the Acting US Attorney for Washington dc. He said he's both sent and received back a bunch of correspondence from Biden officials about the circumstances of Biden's presidency. So that is going on here.


Now, additionally, worth knowing in the midst of all of this, the Oversight project, which has, was one of the organizations that straight up pulled, if, if I can show you this, this doesn't require any audio. This straight up poll. Look at, look at this on my screen. These are the signatures of Joe Biden that they did the comparison of. They tried to figure out what was autopen and what wasn't. And sure enough, look at this. I mean, just look at all of these signatures. They are down to the pixel, the same Autopen A and autopen B. They're the same exact signature. If you sat down and tried to scrawl your signature over and over and over and then did a layover of it, If you did it by hand, there's no chance that that matches down to the pixel.


No chance. It's impossible. It's only possible if this is Autopen. And you can see here on this video what they're showing you. Everything from anti-drug trafficking, executive orders, Sudan sanctions, Russia sanctions, Zimbabwe COVID, 19 rules for court martials. These are all the same signature. Now the, here's the, here's the thing that you have to look out for. The oversight project has this, this thing up on how many of these signatures were done while Joe Biden was in Washington? In Washington. Now, Biden being in Washington means that he is present to actually do the signature.


You should of course know that, that the, the Auto Pen is not only used for Biden, president Trump has used it on limited occasions. They do admit that they, they use it, not that they have anything to hide. It's a presidential practice. That's happens for sure, especially when the president is away from the White House. So if President Trump is say at Mar-a-Lago, but he wants to authorize something, he just, he'll straight up say, yes. I he, he'll tell his staff that he's authorizing the use of the auto pen for that, and then they sign it remotely. That's normal. That is a normal, normal practice. What's not normal is having the president of the United States in the White House, and yet the auto pen was being used. And so here's what we know now. The oversight project says that the Autopen was being used all the time.


66% of the pardons that were signed were done while Biden was in dc. 100% of the commutations that were signed were done with Autopen while Biden was in dc. Two thirds of all the Autopen pardons that includes members of the January 6th committee, president Biden's family members, Dr. Anthony Fauci, general Mark Millie, Iranian spies, that all occurred while President Biden was located physically at the White House. And yet they were using a robot to conduct the signatures. Now you tell me, you tell me what that would suggest to you. If you're an investigator looking into all of this for his own family, he can't take time to sign that document for his own family.


Just have the robot do it. No, this is a guy who wasn't even involved in the process, which means we had a full blown constitutional crisis on our hands because the only guy who's allowed to do that is the president of the United States. For more on this coming up in just a moment, we'll be talking to our next guest. That's Tom Fitton from Judicial Watch. He's got a lot of thoughts on this, on the Autopen presidency, what it means for the country and how Washington, if anybody's gonna be levelheaded here, if people are gonna follow the heat of the President should tackle this that's all ahead before we get to our great guest.


There's nothing like your kid graduating high school to make you take a step back and reevaluate your plans for the future and make you buy a few more insurance policies. Policy genius makes finding and buying life insurance very simple. It ensures that your loved ones have a financial safety net that they can use to cover debts and routine expenses. With PolicyGenius, you can find life insurance policies starting at just $276 a year. For $1 million in coverage is an easy way to protect the people you love and feel good about the future. Did You know that mortgage payments are a common cost that could be covered by life insurance? PolicyGenius combines digital tools with the expertise of real licensed agents. Compare quotes from America's top insurers side by side for free, and their licensed support team helps you get what you need fast. They answer questions, they handle paperwork, and they advocate for you throughout the process. Secure your family's future with PolicyGenius. Head to policygenius.com to compare free life insurance quotes from top companies and see how much you could actually save. That's policygenius.com PolicyGenius.


Alright fellas, do I have another? Yeah, then Bone charge. Bone charge is here too. Bone charge. Great sponsor of this program. I love Bone Charge. You know why I love it. Well, for me personally, it's because now I have a sauna at home in the form of the infrared sauna blanket. It is really cool. Not everybody has a sauna at the house. You do If you get the bone charge Infrared sauna blanket. And my wife uses the red light face mask every night. We love these products. They're great. The sauna blanket's awesome because it helps with muscle recovery. Relax, relaxation, detoxification, the total game changer, get the workout in and then do the sauna. It's pretty cool. Easy to use. Just wrap yourself up And it works great. The red light face mask. My wife loves it. It's been awesome. It helps improve skin's texture, reduces inflammation, and she's seeing great results. It's like having a mini spot treatment right at the house. So if you're thinking about trying these out, you want a sauna at home, you want a red light face mask, you're in luck. Head to bone charge.com. That's BON charge.com. Use that code VINCE at checkout to get 15% off. Both of these products have made such a huge positive impact on us. You're gonna love 'em too. Head over to bone charge.com. Save 15% with the promo code. VINCE. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


Alright? Alright. The investigation into President Autopen, getting to the bottom of that garbage, that seems very important. And my next guest, well, he specializes in getting to the bottom of garbage. He's the president over a judicial watch. You do it all the time, Tom Fitton. That Is true. That's true. Great to see here, man. That's true. That's what I always think. It's always nice to see you. Hey, this seems like a big deal. This seems like a way bigger deal, I think than people appreciate Certainly that the media appreciates I'm, I'm watching the New York Times this morning, just to give you a laugh. They, they're saying this is all a conspiracy theory. A a baseless conspiracy theory that Biden was non-comp meant this. Yeah. You know, we've got a book now by Alex Jay Tapper, and of course everyone witnessed it with their own eyes, right?


Yeah. So that's the problem the media has. Everyone knows there was something going on and he may not have been able to run the show. And you can't really have your KK to two, you can't have the Justice Department ratify a decision by the special counsel. We can't prosecute him because obviously he has failing memory. Right. And if that wasn't the position of the Justice Department, why didn't they prosecute Biden? Just reject the special counsel's recommendation. Yes. Based on the documents. So, and then you look at the pardons themselves, they're mighty strange. There've really been few similar pardons in American history. Maybe the Nixon, pardon was similarly broad but suspicious nevertheless, where you've had pardons for numerous people close to Biden, they didn't specify crimes.


And going back 10 years now, who came up with that solution? 11 in some cases. Yeah. Who came? They went back very specifically. And who came up with that solution? And when you look at, by the way, the pardon statement related to Hunter. Yeah. Clearly it was written by hunter's lawyers, so null and void to begin with, as far as I'm concerned. Then on top of that, who signed them? Right? Right. And our friends at Heritage Oversight, they highlighted the issue of the auto pens. Now auto pens can be used by a president. Yep. But there's gotta be a paper trail. There has to be authorization. And I would argue specific authorization for each usage. I don't think you can generally just give away. Right.


Those core presidential powers as, as Biden may have done in this regard. And it, to me, the paper trail ought to be pretty readily apparent. And if there is no paper trail, it lends further suspicion that these pardons are null and void. You know, one thing that, like I I, I mentioned the New York Times covers, they're saying, I'm already seeing kind of the how they're working up their talking points. Well, no pardons ever been overturned by a court. There's no, there's no, there's never been a process for that. They're basically saying, so it's so novel, the idea that you would overturn a pardon. Oh, I got It. I got a plan. Well, wait a second. Everything about this entire scheme was novel. Like this is the, the violations themselves were novel. So of course you have to take a novel approach to redress them.


You should proceed as if the pardons are null and void. Let the defendants raise it as a defense in court. Litigate it. A pardon about nothing to me is unenforceable. So what are, what are they even gonna be fighting over? And certainly the crimes associated with the pardon recipients can be investigated. They can be questioned. And you don't necessarily target someone who has been pardoned, but you don't let the pardon stop stop you from figuring out what crimes are associated with their conduct and then potentially prosecuting them. So If you have evidence that fauci committed a crime, start the prosecution. You, If you have evidence that, of course we had lots of evidence that Hunter Biden committed crimes, although in the Hunter's case that was hand signed by Joe, we know that po that that signature is different than the autopen signatures.


So in that sense, unfortunately, perhaps for those of us who wanna see justice there, that one seems to stand. But the rest of of, Well part, part of the pardon seems to stand it now. The Hunter Biden Pardon? Has elements that seem valid. Yeah. Specific violations of law for which he's being pardoned. Right. Then you have this section that, and anything else he may have done in the last 10 or 11 years as you point out. Yes. Well that's an unusual, that's like, that's never been done before. Not that expansive. No. And, and You know, Nixon had a kind of a broad pardon like that and people were questioning whether it was sufficient or not, given the broad nature or appropriate. Right. And, and You know, when you look at the history of pardons, one could argue, and there's been certain court findings to this effect, that the pardon doesn't stop you even from being put on trial, it just stops you from being punished.


So you can make arguably go through the entire process. And to the degree the pardon is valid, it just stops you from going to jail. But you're found guilty. Right? Yeah. So you could still, you think that it's possible they could still be subjected to the court process. Just I, for a fact finding mission In the, in the least I would test it with Millie. You know, I think there's questions of fraud related and perjury related to Fauci and the whole family, the Biden family. There's criminality that needs to be fully vetted as well. Yes. And it should be no bar to prosecutions. No. And in the lease no bar to investigations. And I, and I and I feel that there, You know, my concern is the administration's kinda walking around these core issues though.


Is there gonna be a serious investigation of any of these issues I'm talking about, This is what I wanted to ask you about next, because here's what we've seen. We've seen infamously on the right. We've seen a lot of, we've seen a lot of fact finding missions that don't result in accountability action. Right. So the big congressional investigations that give us a bunch of horrifying answers and then everyone is not charged because, well, it's outside of the statute of limitations that happened a long time ago. Somebody already caught a wrist slap or whatever. Kevin Kleinsmith gets to, to stomp stampede all over the law. And there's not no accountability for him. You know, so here's my worry about this, And it sounds to me like you're sharing it, that the president's asking for a full blown investigation into this, and then we're gonna get some sort of, You know, spiral bound report without the kind of accountability that you and I want.


I can do an investigation. You do this all the time. Right. You know, you don't have prosecuting ability. So You just, we don't, we don't need the government to do quote an investigation. Yeah. We need the government to do, as you say, a prosecution and, and what if I were the president, I would just have a separate investigative prosecutorial unit outside the FBI and Justice Department. I know Dan and Cash probably want to get into some of this as to what the FBI did in the past. Yeah. I don't think the FB I can investigate the FBI and the DOJ, especially on law. They're compromised and conflicted. And I would just, we, we kind of just need to get it done. It was last year they tried to destroy our republic by jailing our president. Yes. And I'm not seeing any urgency to figure out who should be held accountable for violating civil rights of Trump and anyone else at The top of this program.


I played, perhaps you've seen the, the clip of Dan on Hannity last night. One of which one. There was a, there was a clip, in fact the one that he said there, this is the one that he said bookmark this. Oh, I saw, I did see that one this morning. And, and the bookmark, this one was him being asked a question by Sean about the, about Letitia James, Alvin Bragg, Fannie Willis and Nathan Wade. And he said, I can't get ahead of what the Justice Department is doing right now on that issue. So I really can't give you more answers on this. But just again, Dan is emphasizing that area. So if you're looking at the people who actually did go after Trump and tried to rob him of his civil rights in that way, that's definitely the cabal that they're talking about.


Well, you would think, but I am not seeing, have any evidence that they're actually doing a criminal investigation of that cabal. And if they were, I think we'd see evidence they'd be, the cabal would be screaming about it. Yeah. You know, remember after January 6th what happened? The Biden people came in and they went to town. They went after all of these folks related to January 6th. Yes, they did. They made it clear there were ongoing criminal investigations. Who were the targets? There were arrests, subpoenas issued very public. And I'm sorry, I don't think all of this is being done in secret. I don't think it's being done. I think they're kind of circling around the issues. There may be some prosecutions, but I just don't see the comprehensive Well we know, we know that The, the comprehensive reform and oversight and, and prosecution.


We know that the mortgage fraud case against Letitia James is real and they're actually doing that. Right. So that's part of this, I mean, there's definitely some investigative action going on against her. But that broader, that broader theme of, are these guys lawyering up because the Justice Department is breathing down their necks, you're saying? Well, I just haven't seen the public evidence for that right now. Where's the grand jury? And I'm sorry. It has been, You know, they keep on saying it's only been three months or four months, actually. That's a long time. It's a long time. And To build a case, It's a long time to not do anything publicly. And I'm not seeing evidence as being done. And I don't trust the FBI and DOJ to be able to do it. 'cause they're gonna have to investigate themselves if they seriously want to get it done.


You know who, who in the FBI was involved in the raid on Trump's home. Right. Who, who's gonna investigate the FBI's involvement? Yes. Who in the DOJ was involved? Who's gonna be investigating the DOJ? So what would you recommend? What would be the approach? I would have a separate investigative unit set up by the prosecutor in chief. Our president appoint a special counsel who is answerable to him and he should manage the investigation and the prosecutions and have other agency or outside contractors detail to provide support Yes. To do to sort of comprehensive analysis and investigation. And if necessary, prosecution under our constitution, Donald Trump could go into the courtroom and prosecute a case if need be.


Is this something that you've recommended to him? I, I don't say what I say or don't say to Well, I'm asking you anybody in the, in the White House, I've been very public about. Well, You're publicly recommending. Right. So do So if Donald Trump is watching us Dear Mr. President, my favorite president, this is something he should do. Okay. So let me ask you, I'm officially recommending it on Vince's Broad podcast Today. Okay, good. So we have an official recommendation to the president here on, on the flip side of it. Do you anticipate that this is something he would do? I I would argue that if he doesn't do it, he's gonna be prosecuted as soon as he gets out of office. They really wanna hurt him. You know, they've done it. If the f in my view, the FBI has to be a husk of its former self and should be treated like U-S-A-I-D, we shouldn't be talking about trying to get people hired at the FBI and letting cops be cops.


The FBI has proven itself a menace to our First Amendment rights and a tool of any president who comes into town who has their sights on their opponents as opposed to the rule of law. And it's too much of a threat. They've proven themselves incapable of doing the job that Americans expect them to do and can't be trusted. Yeah. And also like it, one of the things we've discovered already through, You know, both Cash and Dan, who I, who I am sincerely grateful in that role. I mean, if there's anybody who's gonna be there, who I'd have any kind of confidence in is those two. I agree. And they say right up front, you've been hearing from Dan lately, he repeated it last night, that they're finding rooms full of information that was meant to be concealed.


So what that means is that they still have a huge act of problem inside of the bureau that they're tackling in the midst of trying to keep the country safe. This is why you need outsiders to come in and do the audits, do a forensics, a forensic analysis of the documents or the storage devices they have in there. Yeah. I I, You know, Dan can't do it all on his own. No. I mean, Dan highlights all the work he's doing on other law enforcement matters, and I think it kind of takes pressure off of them to, You know, focus on the kind of the current crises. And you have a separate agency or or office reporting to the president who's, who's doing the cleanup in aisle six. Yeah. Yeah. Ed Martin seems like he's really focused On, on this.


I, I do. And there are all sorts of people you could appoint as special counsel, move someone over from DOJ or bring in an outsider DOJ with all due respect to the leadership of the FBI in the Justice Department, we know how it works. They go in, the bureaucracy is quite adept at focusing them on where they want to focus and trying to last them and explaining why it is they can't do what they want to do and creating interesting issues for them to pursue that they know they're gonna be interested in. And meanwhile things just keep on going the way they've been going in large measure. I'm not seeing any doge going on at the FBI to any great extent. Have you any Do doge meaning the canning people, the, The approach do the Doge approach now they've been canning some people Yes.


Who've been affiliated with some of the prior abuses. Yes. But none of the traditional doge approach for waste, fraud and abuse. Same at the DOJ and You know, the FBI has what, 38,000 people working For it. Right. And they're recruiting more. They're trying to get more agents in. Look at the end of the day, the only remaining person at the FBI should be Cash Patel and a few assistants as they're basically shutting the lights off. That's, that's what my view is. And so, You know, I kind of want them to do investigations as best as they're able. Yeah. But I, You know, let's not be naive about the way things have been going. What, what's the best, best indication of future behavior by political and administrative agencies?


The Past performance. Yeah, that's Right. It's the exact opposite of for the stock market, right? Yes, that's right. No, that's true. Okay, let me, let me ask you about what would happen if Democrats get control of the house they've got right now. Jasmine Crockett, one of the leaders of the party is saying that it's time for impeachment again. And I'm seeing Axios has a report up this morning that, oh, Democrats disagree and this is given them agita and like they No, they don't, they, I, it's my view that the second they get a a hold on power again, they're once again impeaching President Trump for a third time. Oh yeah. In the lease you can be sure there'll be charges. You can see them circling around allegations of criminality associated with Trump and his family, fake allegations.


But they don't need much to start charging him. So I don't think it's gonna be limited to impeachment. And remember they wanted to get him killed last time around, You know, you had Benny Thompson put a bill forward that would've denied him secret service protection if he was sent to Rikers, which would've been a death sentence. Yes. These, these guys, You know, and who, who did they use to go after him was the FBI and DOJ. And I was joking with Bannon a few weeks ago. I said it was Trump's DOJ that tried to put him in jail effectively. So let's not think that we have to wait for Democrats to come in in order for us to be at risk. You could have a Republican president succeed President Trump. Yep.


Assuming, yep. Trump's term is limited to just two and we could have a DOJ. Oh, We got a, You know, do what Trump is now doing with Biden. Right, right. Right. Yeah. Leakers, deceivers, saboteurs. We saw all that in, in Trump won, and now we, You know, very much risk And we still don't have the documents. You know, we're in it for the documents initially. Right. And FBI is stalling documents to us. DOJ is stalling documents to us. They're still stalling to you now. Yeah. Yeah. So I know that one thing that the document of production is ramped up from the FBI is to Congress. I know that those guys who've been asking for documents have been getting it a pretty rapid clip relative to what it's been in the past.


A lot of the, You know, crossfire, hurricane, all that stuff is, is, is showing up in Congress, which is good news. But You're saying, well, we seen for the crossfire hurricane two years ago. Yeah. And we haven't gotten one document, well, I shouldn't say one document, but we haven't gotten the Documents, you haven't gotten what you wanted. Yeah, I'm not And so what's the answer for that? I think they should Use, I mean, what are they saying? What, I mean, obviously I would imagine that the relationship you have now must be a better one. That it is a better, more of a good faith relationship. But I mean, we've gotten, I've Giving you excuses, You know, like the d OJ has given us documents we typically wouldn't have gotten, for instance, on the hunt on the her tapes. Yes. They gave us documents showing the White House was trying to change the transcript, literally to make it seem like he didn't forget his son's death. Yes. The year of his son's death.


And, and that material typically would never be released under foia. So there was that positive step, but typically it's the same old, same old. I mean, we're, we're not getting any faster responses to our pending FOIA lawsuits and litigation. And, You know, and I would recommend they just file fo follow a FOIA process in releasing records. You know, the problem they had with Epstein and the JFK records, both of which we've sued on since then Right. Is that they kind of did it public leak. And the problem when you do a public leak, and I don't wanna say I'm against transparency, but people say, well, where did you look? What are you withholding? Right. And the only way to make sure You know, how that what's happening in that regard is through litigation Yes.


And fo a process. And so I would encourage them to follow the FOIA process. Don't make it the perfect, the enemy of the good in the sense of pretending that the FOIA process gets in the way of releasing records. Because the decisions that the, so when Dan gets on TV and says, You know, we're looking at the videos Yeah. Of the Epstein, The hallway. The corridor. Yeah. Right. And we wanna make them, we want to clean them up. We're like, well, you just give us the doc, You know, we asked for these documents two months ago. Right. So if you're gonna release them, release them, you clean them up later, do whatever you want with them later. But we want the records. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Where Are those records you keep on referencing records you're seeing or sending the Congress, the public isn't seeing these records.


Why is that? And maybe it's because they're, they're kind of running, You know, they're kind of in an emergency fa You know, maybe, maybe there's an emergency aspect to It and we won't know until we see that video what it is that they'd actually have to clean up. You know, because it sounds to me like typically video footage, especially if it's a security camera, you could release it, but there must be some underlying reason. Again, in Dan's case, I'm not distrusting, I I'm perfectly fine with him saying that, but I'm with you on the, on the transparency. Yeah. It's, it's not a question of whether I like Dan or not. It's like I just know the way the agencies work. Yes. And the FBI doing this in judicial watch for almost 30 years and, You know, don't piss down my leg and tell me it's raining.


For sure. Yes. You know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And You know, the FB I'm not seeing any evidence of a real systemic criminal prosecution or investigation of the law. I'm not seeing an understanding that they start, they need to really deal in an urgent basis on an urgent basis. Sure. With releasing and disclosing information about what went on, and frankly, the FBI should be treated like Japan at the end of World War ii. You know, we, I'm sorry. You, we, you're, you're not, you, we are not going to leave you ever able to do what you did to us Again. Yes. Your governance will never look the same again. No, that's true.


That happened in Japan. Okay. Last thing. I know that you're concerned about election integrity. Oh yeah. It's a big focus for you. That matters a great deal. You know, if this, if this whole system's gonna keep going, people have to have faith in our elections. What's the latest for you? Well, Supreme Court's gonna take up a big case of ours. We sued in Illinois for a, a congressman Mike Post and two electors in Illinois. They count ballots that arrive for up to two weeks after election day in Illinois. And we had a similar lawsuit in Mississippi. And the Fifth Circuit Court of appeals said, you should watch is right here. Yeah. You know, or our clients are right. Counting ballots arrive after election day is contrary to federal law, which sets an election day, non-election week, but in Illinois didn't even want to deal with the merits.


They said that congressman, the candidate had no standing the challenge, the illegal counting of ballots. So we appealed, we lost the appeal. It was a split appeal to one, which suggests that maybe we were on, You know, that was, that was Yeah, yeah. A bad decision. And the Supreme Court this week said they're gonna take up our, our case. So they're gonna consider whether essentially federal candidates can go into court and try to stop an election being from being stolen. Yes. Well, I mean, you would think they would be the injured party. You would think, You know, so I'm, I'm, You know, knock on wood, you never know with the Supreme Court. You never know. Of course it's an election related case. So things get always a little bit weirder with the courts and election cases.


I, You know, my suspicion is they didn't like the idea of Trump challenging elections. Yeah. And that kind of has kind of impacted their theory of standing in too many courts that candidates or frankly others who have the right to or should have the right to can't get the time of day in courts. And of course, what the left says, 60, 60 court decisions no, You know, a lot of those cases were thrown out for lack of standing Right. And things like that. Right. And I'm, I'm not sure, I'm not saying all of that would be impacted by this particular lawsuit or this particular Supreme Court case, but it's important for the court in our view, to affirm that certainly a federal candidate, a sitting member of Congress, should be able to challenge whether a state is complying with federal law in the way the election's being wrong.


What Could be more American than protecting the will of the people? What could possibly be more American than that is all you're saying is I wanna make sure that the people's voice is accurately represented. That, that it has to be the most common sense thing in the world. In California, they count ballots seven days after election day. That arrived seven days after election day. You know, when Trump had an EO kind of cementing the policy that Yes. And he made the good point in eo, he goes, it's like a voter showing up three days after the polls close and saying, open them up. I want to vote yes. And, but in California, two Democrats won. I quote marks, for those of you just listening, not watching and beat two, replace two Republicans based on ballots that were counted after that arrived after election day.


So late arriving ballots on our view under the law were counted and changed the election results. If I were in the house, I'd be doing a whole host of hearings. And I think there's a basis to change the, change those seats. Yeah. In order to, again, accurately reflect the will of the voters who play by the rules. That's right. Yeah. No, that's, that's worth digging into. All right. Well, look, judicial watch continues relentlessly to go after all of this. Doesn't matter who's in power, and that's why we like you. Thank you, man. Oh, thank you. Good to see you here, Tom, to see as Always to see You. Thank you. There's Tom Fitton from Judicial Watch. Thank you again to Tom plowing ahead here. And so we've got, we've got a lot going on here in the country, including, I've got some amazing stuff for you.


I've got, do You know that there are, are Democrats who still can't resist telling you that the reason we need illegal aliens in the country is to be their servants? This is a Vermont congresswoman, a Vermont congresswoman. She's a real Democrat congresswoman by the name of Becca Ballant. Becca Ballant, who actually said this week at a forum that You know, If you deport everybody, if all the illegals are gone, then who's going to wipe my ass? That's what she said that out loud. She said that out. Yes, she said that out loud. Take a look. Cut. One, a real Democrat congresswoman saying she needs servants to wipe her butt Labor.


And of course, we have to come to a place in Congress where it is no longer a political issue, but we see it as an existential issue for the country. If we don't have avenues for people to come here legally to work or to build a home here, I, I'm gonna be really crude right now. We're not gonna have anybody around to wipe our asses because we don't have enough people. What If we deport everyone who's gonna wipe my ass? Now, that tells you everything.


In case you were wondering, how did that woman become a Democrat? Because there's literally nothing that she can do for herself. That, that that particular act is something that from a young age, you should be capable of handling on your own. But no, no, not in the case of that Democrat. She needs servants to do that for her. That is, that is what she needs. And she's not the first Democrat. You know, Joe Biden, remember this. Joe Biden said something very similar at one point when he was standing outside the White House, My immigration needs to be in ation. My should be in ation. My bus be what My boss been wiped, said, Joe Biden.


And one would assume, based on what we're hearing, that it was an illegal alien who had the unenviable task of doing that. Yeah. Isn't that remarkable? These Democrats, you give 'em a microphone and you let them talk long enough, they're just gonna straight up say what they actually want, which is we would like a, an underpaid surf class to be imported into the United States so we can exploit them for our own advantages. Who's gonna do my gardening? Who's gonna clean my house? Who's gonna cook for me? Who's gonna wipe my ass? That is what Democrats think when they think, oh no, they're deporting illegals. They really think, oh, no, where am I going to underpay servants? How am I going to do that?


And maybe, maybe that is a job that Americans don't want. I can't think of a single one Who would want the job of wiping that crazy lady's ass. So there she is calling for, calling for that. They, they always tell on themselves. Always just let 'em talk long enough. They tell on themselves. We had a, another great moment yesterday, a Democrat who was asked to account for her own words. Check out. Cut six here. This is a woman, the Democrat witness at a, a congressional hearing on NGOs. Congressman Brandon Gill went back and looked at the history of her NGOs and said, well, wait a second. You say that all white people are racist, so are you racist?


Take a look. Are you a racist? With all due respect, sir, I'm here to talk about the essential work that nonprofit do Through it's, excuse me, throughout country. That's a very simple question. Country, yes or no question? Are you a racist? I am. I'm not a racist. You're not a racist. Particularly interesting, because according to one of your affiliate charities, under your nonprofit umbrella, denial of racism constitutes covert white supremacy. Are you a covert white supremacist? Sir, I'm here to talk about the essential work that nonprofits Do. Are you a covert white Supremacist? No. Can I talk about the work that nonprofits do? No. I'm asking you if you're a covert white supremacist, which according to oh, one of your own organization's, again, denial of racism constitutes covert white supremacy.


Would you like to answer the Question? I'm what? I, I, I don know what question is So you, so you refuse to answer whether you were a covert white supremacist. I am here to talk about the essential work that nonprofits do. I'm gonna take that as a a yes. Yes, she is. She's a covert white supremacist. Can you imagine in your, in your wildest years, can you imagine any moment somebody asked you, are you a racist? No. Are you a white supremacist? No. Are you a covert white supremacist? No. Next question. This is easy. Are these all the questions? I'm, I'm ready for this. I didn't even have to do homework for this. I can, I can hit these outta the park. These are softballs big fat softballs right across the plate. Are you a covert white supremacist?


I don't wanna talk about them. What? I'm sorry. You have an organization that's straight up declared that, in fact, denial of your white supremacy means you're a white supremacist. Tell us more that Brandon Gil is a superpower and his superpower is reading Democrat's own words back to them until they self emulate, which you just saw. That was amazing, and you're amazing, the best damn audience in media. Thank you for doing this again today. We'll be back tomorrow for another episode of VINCE rumble.com/ VINCE. You can find it there. You also can get the national radio show rumble.com/ VINCE. We do it 12 to three each day. You can watch me hang out with us on the radio show. Great to have you with us today.


We're back tomorrow with another big one.