
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With, your host, Dan. Bonino Folks, and the hits just keep on coming. The borders are Kamala Harris has officially been replaced as of January. I thought she wasn't the boarder. No, of course we know she's de boarder, but not anymore. As of January. Once Donald Trump swears in, we're in charge. Now, reminds me of that scene in Batman with ba. Do you feel like you are in charge? Because they're not anymore. A friend of ours, you know a friend of mine, friend of ours, you get it. Friend of ours, I'm a Italian kid from Queens.


A friend of our of ours texted me this morning. He's like, how do you feel things are going? I said, now with Tom Holman and the announcement, by the way, just minutes ago of Stephen Miller as Deputy chief of staff for policy, that border's gonna be sealed shut. What do they say down the south, right Quick, right quick. Oh yeah, I'd like to see Rick Scott, get in there. Listen. No choices. Perfect folks. Every politician is the downside. I get it. Of all the choices we have, that's all we've got. There are three people running. I think he's the best one for us in the MAGA agenda. I got a big show today. A lot to talk about. Most importantly of all though, what do we celebrate today?


Folks? Forget everything else. Forget everything else for a second. We celebrate our veterans to you, men and women, you heroes out there that put your asses on the line. You didn't get paid a lot of money. You get almost no recognition for what you did, but you were willing to die and bleed for this place we call home. God bless you today. you know we love you and you will always have a home here. We love you. Listen to me. We love you. We don't like you. We love you. Thank you so much. Chat. Fill it up big thanks for our veterans today. If you are a veteran today, put your hand up in the chat because you deserve it. God bless you.


Hey Beam cyber sales here. Bonino Listeners. Enjoy up to 50% off at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code Bonino. Don't miss Beam's Biggest sale of the year.


I got that. I'm gonna open the show with something funny today. Outta playbook. We, there may be self deportation going on of illegal immigrants. No of legal liberals. I don't know what's better.


Hey, the Feds dropped interest rates, so you need to give my friends a call at American Financing today. Now's the perfect time to consolidate debt and reduce your monthly expenses. A lot of us have been forced to use credit cards 'cause of the ridiculous prices at the grocery store, power and even childcare. The debt's really expensive with credit card rates being insanely high. But with mortgage rates dropping, now's the time to wipe that debt out. American financing is helping homeowners just like you save over $800 a month on average, you're even closing summit as fast as 10 days. And if you start today, you may delay two mortgage payments. There's no upfront fees to find out how much you can save. Give American financing a call today. The number's eight eight eight nine nine four seventy six sixty eight eight eight nine nine four seventy six sixty. The website is a.net, not a.com. I met the, the owner of this company's really great guy, eager to help you. Go to American financing.net american financing.net. Save yourself some money. N MLS 1 8 2 3 3 4 NMLS consumer access.org.


Alright, fellas, on this Veteran's Day will be celebrate our glorious heroes. I've got some great news for you right out of the shoot. Ladies and gentlemen, the self deportation may have begun of illegal immigrants. No, not just of illegal immigrants of legal liberals who were driving the country crazy and opening the door in an open border to illegal immigrants. Politico, this morning paragraph of the day, Trump critics worry he'll target them for Retributions. Leave this up. This is hilarious. Does this not make you guys laugh? Donald Trump is the only person who has been targeted for retribution and just about every single liberal lunatic in the country who's an ag or a prosecutor has either threatened to or filed fake charges against Donald Trump and Trump.


Critics were he w Next, a private attorney, mark Za, who's a crazy person, has said he consulted with clients about how they can best protect themselves from this Trump administration. Zaid has advised some to leave the country before Trump is sworn in and live abroad until they have a clear sense of whether he is bent on retaliation. Ladies and gentlemen in the chat, I'm looking at you folks. Do you not support this plan? What has two thumbs and supports this? This guy, mark Za, you are my new hero. Please tell. What are you laughing at? This is a great plan. Are you on? Justin's not on board. I'm on board. Gee, are you on board? I can say, Michael, are we?


We're all up this, it's four. There's four people here have even left our show is done kicked ass today. There's four. We all agree four and oh, we are with you Mark Z Liberals who feel like Trump is gonna like what? Do what you did to Trump. Yes. Please go. A member motley crew girl, don't go away mad. Just go away. Just do us a favor. Don't come back live abroad. You say you love the EU and all this other the you love this the Democratic socialist lifestyle. Go ahead. Matter of fact, I'm gonna suggest Tom Holman, the new borders are Tom, if you're listening, we love you Tom. Maybe we can finance their travel.


Maybe first class, can we get a give set and go going one? Yes. That's the thing. Justin's correct. These will not be round trippers. These will be one way. And by the way, leave your passport with us. After you leave, after you check in, just leave your ba. We will follow you over to the country's mi, the migration checkpoint at the border. The border checkpoint. Once you check in, we take your passport. Are you cool with that? We'll find it. We will finance your, I may hire a private jet and charter one to get you guys outta there. So there you go. I saw this this morning in a late addition to the show. And I thought, yes, this thing is turning out even better than I thought. Folks, the Trump effect is real, bro. It is real.


It is already happening. He's not even sworn in yet. Till January, we don't even have the new Congress, new Senate sworn in. We have nothing but the Trump effect is real. Byron Donalds is a congressman from Florida. Great guy. He says here, this is just 72 hours after winning the election. Throw that up on the screen. First female chief of staff appointed New York City stopped giving debit cards to illegals. Companies bringing production home already. Stock market peaking out. Bitcoin peaking out. Migrant caravans are breaking up. Qatar kicks out Hamas. Hamas wants an immediate end to the war. The Talibans sit in their pants and say they want a new chapter. China wants now peaceful coexistence.


All of a sudden, Russia's ready to speak with the us. The EU wants to buy gas from us and not Russia and Ukrainian leaders are in talks with Trump and Elon. The guy isn't even the president. He's not, he's only been the president-elect for, for not even a week. Not even close to a week. Didn't even happen. A race wasn't even called till Wednesday. We're not even there yet. And all of a sudden the world is changing, folks, do you still feel good? Are you still riding the high from last week like I am? Because I don't know about you, but you know, work is, I love my job. Don't get me wrong. It's not a day. I don't like coming to work. But there are days you like it more. Like Wednesday when I knew we were winning this thing, I woke up on a Monday and usually Mondays are hard for me shaking off the cobwebs.


I had a lot of tequila this weekend with Paula. Man, we were like having a good time on Saturday. Way too good with time, you know what I mean? And man, I'll tell you, I was like Monday just chomping at the, even I didn't here early, did I? Now Michael, I usually get here at 10. It was like nine, 13 when I got here. 'cause I'm just like ready to go folks. The Trump effect is real. But my humble opinion here is the most important announcement we've seen yet. You're gonna see a lot of things in the coming days. Elise Nik, you got Tom Holman, the appoint, you got Steven Miller, Susie Wiles, who's great's gonna be the chief of staff. I think it's a great selection. Listen, I have my opinions about people. I know a little, some of these people a little bit differently, haven't interacted with them.


They've always been kind to me and kind to the MAGA agenda I put forward for President Trump. But this is the most important announcement yet, president Trump jumped in front of the camera immediately. He's been putting out these short videos. This is critical. He is about to take back the First Amendment. This is about a four minute video. I I'm only gonna play about a minute of it. You'll get the point. But the first amendment, ladies and gentlemen, if we can't talk, we can't run for office. If our candidates and our MAGA crowd and our influencers, whatever you wanna call 'em, cannot speak out on platforms like everyone else. We don't have anything. Here's President Trump taking it to the deep state censorship regime. This is the best thing I've heard all week. Check this out. Today I'm announcing my plan to shatter the left wing censorship regime and to reclaim the right to free speech for all Americans.


And reclaim is a very important word in this case because they've taken it away In recent weeks, bombshell reports have confirmed that a sinister group of deep state bureaucrats, Silicon Valley tyrants, left wing activists and depraved corporate news media, have been conspiring to manipulate and silence the American people. They have collaborated to suppress vital information on everything from elections to public health. The censorship cartel must be dismantled and destroyed and it must happen immediately. And here's my plan.


First, within hours of my inauguration, I will sign an executive order banning any federal department or agency from colluding with any organization, business, or person to censor, limit, categorize or impede the lawful speech of American citizens. Folks, it gets me a little emotional man. I, you know, there's a lot of things. Can I just talk to you into the camera here candidly for a second? you know, our show's obviously live. It's not scripted. There's, you know, teleprompter content other than the clips and stuff. No one tells me what to say. you know, I've been through a lot with the free speech thing You have too.


I'm not meaning to minimize anyone else's role. I hope you understand that. But I've really been through a lot, both ideologically, it's obviously my passion, the First Amendment, but I put a lot of skin in the game with a lot of investments early on. It was involved with parlor, that story. Believe me, you don't I promise you. Whatever you think you know, you have no idea. I'm telling you, I don't care what anyone's told you about that. That is a very, very complicated case that 99% of people who comment about have no idea. The bottom line is it hurt. It hurt bad. I, I poured my heart and soul into giving you an alternative platform out there to speak the big tech companies and the deep state just wiped it off the face of the earth in a very long, complicated story that parlayed into rumble.


'cause I wasn't gonna give up. It parlayed into parallel economy.com. If if you have stripe and you don't like it, parallel economy.com is a processor rumble. I got involved with them. I don't wanna belabor the point, but I'm telling you, my skin has been in the game a long time. My time, my money, my heart, my passion, my soul, my brain, everything. And to see this thing finally turning around, we're not there yet. The censorship regime, I don't make any mistake. It's still very powerful. Elon can tell you, Chris from Rumble can tell you, Devin Nunes, a true social can tell you it's still powerful. But every day it's getting weaker and weaker and they're losing the institutional levers of power they need as an enforcement mechanism. And once Donald Trump gets into office and institutes this executive order, folks, I'm telling you, we have about two or three years to crush this thing.


And we are gonna be so back. Companies are gonna be begging to speak to this MAGA audience that is now the majority of the country begging. And you'll be back too. These platforms are gonna realize there's no future in censorship. Folks. The Trump effect is real. Not just for, not just for censorship. The wins, the Ws, go call 'em the dubs. The Ws just keep on coming. Here's what happened this weekend. Here's about 15 seconds of one of the EU commissioners talking about how, oh my gosh, look now I think we should buy a lot of liquid natural gas from the United States. Gee, what changed since last week? Oh, I don't know, maybe the election of Donald Trump is President-elect.


Watch this. We Still get a lot of LNG via Russia from Russia, and why not replace it by American LNG, which is cheaper for us and brings down our energy prices. How do you think that happened? How do you think that happened? None of this is by mistake, folks. We could be looking at the greatest two year run we've had in modern American history. Why do you not say four? Because we got a midterm then I don't wanna get ahead of myself. Let's deal with chunks of time that are digestible, manageable. And we could put together a two year plan while we have what is 99% sure to be a house majority. A hundred percent sure to be a Senate majority and a hundred percent sure we're gonna have a White House staff with loyalists.


If we're starting with Holman and Steve Miller. Okay? I'm very, very comfortable that we are gonna have a rock solid White House. Unlike last time where we had a lot of traders on the inside. Folks, there's more coming too. The good news, this is gonna, this is probably the finest Monday show I've ever done. I'm bringing you so much good news. Enjoy every minute smile man. Like the joker without the serial homicide. Smile, kids, everything is come. Everything's coming together. Everything. Look at this one, Donald Trump. The Bonino army strikes again. No one gives us credit, but that's okay. I kind of love the fact. What about you in the chat, you guys dig the fact that the mainstream media constantly ignores us and we just creep up ninja style and we change everything.


Don't you love that? That we we out there, the Bonino army. Boom, we move. When I move, you move you ever. When I move, when we move, you did it again. Bonino army. But lemme tell you something, I wanna give the Trump team credit because they listen. Lot of asshole politicians don't listen. The Trump team, they have their ear to the base like no one I've ever seen before. True social pose by real Donald Trump. I will not be inviting former ambassador Nikki Haley or Secretary of State. Mike Pompeo will not be inviting. Does that say not? Oh, it does. I will not be inviting to join the Trump administration currently in formation.


I enjoyed working with them. Like to thank them for their service. Make America great again. Again. Listen, I'm gonna just put this out there. And I. Hope you guys understand this is not personal for me, okay? I I'm not the guy who gets invited to cocktail parties. Ask me, which Justin, you over there? Yep. How much time? Ask me how much time I spent at Mar-a-Lago this weekend. I spent zero. I spent zero. You will not see me in political playbook. They have that spotted section spotted. You'll not see that. I'm not saying I won't go to my, I'm just saying I did not spend time glad handing this weekend cutting deals.


Can I get this And I? I did not do that again. What is two thumbs in the cut deals? This guy, I'm not looking for shit. I'm looking for one thing. you know what I'm looking for? The same thing you're looking for. Protect Donald Trump at all costs. Protect him at all costs. We weren't powerful enough eight years ago, my show was probably a quarter of the size. We had some JU ice, but not enough. We're in charge now. We're the number one live stream in the world, folks. Gee, I showed you those numbers correct us compared to that entire platform. You remember what I'm talking about? Yeah. Gee's.


Like whatever. I'm just gonna tell you something. I'm gonna let you in on a little secret. I don't want to give up the numbers. I'm telling you this though, and the data backs it up. You have no idea how big you are out there. This show on Rumble is bigger than entire platforms out there. you know, one of these days, maybe I'll get to show you that. You'll be stunned. We're not gonna waste any time cutting deals and mixing in mingling. We are gonna protect Donald Trump and people like Mike Pompeo. No good. And the hits just keep on coming. Donald Trump on true social. He's now planning on, he goes after Gavin Newsom, which is a great idea because Donald Trump is closing the gap significantly in places like California being ruined by liberal Democrats.


The beautiful, unbelievably prosperous state of California. It is Silicon Valley. You've got a, what is California? The third largest economy in the world. It is now. It's prosperous despite liberals destroying it. I wish these liberals would self deport too. And there he is. If you go to the end of this talking about how we're gonna move towards national voter id, let me tell you something, if they can hear it. I will be demanding voter ID and proof of citizenship as a necessary part and component of the voting process. You implement voter id. Don't laugh. We got a chance in the next couple decades to actually flip New York, possibly California. Oh, look at this shocking map, courtesy of newsmax.


You all are gonna be stunned. Meaning you're not gonna be stunned states Harris won versus the ID requirement. So if you're listening on Apple and Spotify, it's a simple map of the United States states. And you'll notice that pretty much every single state Kamala Harris won almost that there is no photo ID required. Is that weird? Is that of the coincidence? That's surely, surely, surely. He said. Surely it's a coincidence. And if you ever seen the movie Airplane, don't call me Shirley. Surely, surely. That's just one big winky Dig folks, if Donald Trump can get this stuff pushed through, I I need a favor from you though.


I need a favor from you. We have what is going to be a probably historically slim house majority on the house side, the Senate. We've got a buffer. Murkowski and Collins are gonna sabotage everything. It doesn't matter. We'll, still, even with them, we'll still have actually two because we'll have 51. And even if we lose another JD Vance will be the tiebreaker. I'm, I'm not too worried about the Senate side. You are going to have rhinos in the house and I promise you we're gonna try to sabotage us. The Bino army in the next two years. We're not done. It's Monday. It's get back to work. Everybody's smiling today. Things are going great. We're happy warriors.


Love it. But make no mistake, we gotta get back to work now because these house members are gonna need a push, especially on things like voter id. 'cause what do you think folks in the chat, let's see the first one. Who gets it? Folks in the chat. What do you think is gonna happen the first time? A national voter ID for federal elections? Bill gets pushed out there. What are the Democrats are gonna say? Who gets it first in the chat? Let's see. Danny Botts is watching. Who's first dj? Come on. Someone. Yes. Who is it? Super Novocaine. You are a racist in all caps. Yes sir.


Super Novocaine. You get to, oh, they get it now. Everybody's chiming in now. We all think alike, man. We're sympatico. you know it's gonna happen. Jim Crow 7.2 is all Jim Crow. You're all race. They don't want black people to vote. And what are we gonna do? We're gonna go back and go. Really? So you're suggesting black men and women don't know how to get a driver's license? That sounds, that sounds kind of racist. D to me, a little bit racist. D look at I look at a chat. You guys are unbelievable you guys. Man, you're so ahead of it. I love that I ask a question and everybody's like, bam, right away we blow that chat right up.


Yes, it's gonna happen. So weak need rhinos are gonna be like, oh my gosh, I don't wanna be accused of being a fake racist instead of realizing nobody actually believes this. Donald Trump cleaned up with the black vote and the Hispanic vote. We need it voter Id get it done. Alright, quick break. Here's what I got coming up. Donald Trump released another video this weekend. I'll play about a minute of it. This is almost as important as the first one. He is going to war with the deep state right now and believe me, he ain't hiding it.


Hey, you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Listen, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. It's about the toll poor sleep takes on your life. But guess what? There's hope on the horizon. Beams dream powder. They sent me them some to try a long time ago. I've been using it ever since. Seeing we're sleeping well, we're sharper more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws away. I took some last night 'cause I was on kinda the weekend schedule. Took some Beam. It has in it a powerful all natural blend. Doesn't cause the next day grogginess either. It's REI Magnesium, l-theanine, epigene And I. Really love the epigenic and melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. It's never been a better time to finally try Dream Shop their cyber sale. Get up to 50% off when you visit shop Beam dot com slash bonino. You've heard me talk about this product all year. It's your chance to give it a shot at the lowest price of the year. So head on over to shop Beam dot com slash bonino for up to 50% off. That's shop Beam dot com slash bonino for up to 50% off. Check it out. Get yourself a good night's sleep.


Folks, the deep state has been put on alert. This is one of the best Monday shows we have ever done. I'm not talking about the content, I'm talking about the feeling of joy. What can we, you guys agree with me out there listening? You guys agree with me that the first 2016 election, which was unexpected, nobody expected him to win outside of the diehards like us. It was unexpected. There was staffing, chaos. It wasn't his fault. He just wasn't a politician. This doesn't feel this way at all this time. It feels clean. It feels surgical. It feels like they know exactly what they're doing. It feels message oriented and it feels like we finally have an opportunity to get this thing done.


Whereas the deep state, there's this state of confusion and they really, while the confusion is there, is when we gotta move, take advantage of the fog of war. And that's what's happening right now. Here's Donald Trump putting the deep state folks on. Notice that you're done. You're fired, you're out. Especially the ones in the intel community that screwed this place up. Check this out. My plan to dismantle the deep state and reclaim our democracy from Washington corruption once and for all and corruption. It is first. I will immediately reissue my 2020 executive order, restoring the president's authority to remove rogue bureaucrats. And I will wield that power very aggressively.


Second, we will clean out all of the corrupt actors in our national security and intelligence apparatus. And there are plenty of them. The departments and agencies that have been weaponized will be completely overhauled. So that faceless bureaucrats will never again be able to target and persecute conservatives, Christians or the left's political enemies, which they're doing now at a level that nobody can believe even possible. What's the time now for folks having said it in a few days? More. More Kylo Re style. More kids. More, more, more. Just keep piling it on.


Just keep, when you're piling on, you think that pile's high enough, pile on more and then you're like, that pile's high enough. No it isn't. Pile on more. Well, I think we've reached the peak. No, you haven't. More, more, more. While the fog of war and the chaos on the left and the circular firing squad and the self deportations and the recriminations and the Biden did it. Kabbala did it. Kabbala sucks. Biden sucks. Now is the time to move. What did I tell you about a year ago? Come on folks in the chat. P ones. you know what I'm talking about. What did I say to you? Here's how you handle the first a hundred days. Do you remember this conversation? If you do chime in, I said, you hit him with a Steven Miller.


Steven Miller. Oh my gosh. Deport this guy. And then you hit him with a Tom Holman. Tom Holman. Oh my gosh. And then you hit him with the Susie Wildes and then you hit him with hopefully Rick Scott. And then you hit him. They won't know what to do. They're still freaking out over the Trump going to war with censorship. And then you hit him with the deep state memo. They don't know. Remember we having this conversation? This is how you do. You notice the media doesn't know what to do right now. They're sitting there like, holy shit, let's all leave the country. Yes. More, more, more of you leave by the way, the shirt is done if you want it up to you. We do a lot of charitable donations 'cause of these shirts. More, more, more. Four more years.


Pick one up if you want. Store up on gino.com. Totally up to you. Paula does it for you guys. But check it out. This is the sample they just rushed over. More kids, more every day. More folks. When you think you've had enough, what comes next? That's right More. But then you've really had enough. What comes next? The answer is more Mos mos? Yes. In foreign languages. The answer is MAs my. Maybe we'll put a Spanish language edition out. Thank the Hispanic community for their historic support of Donald Trump. That's actually not a bad idea. Paula would love that more. Moss ma. Roberto Duran. Not nomas Moss. More mocho MAs bring it, kids bring it.


Then never enough. We are piling on even more. And just when you think, just when you think it's enough, like we've done enough over the, let's take a break and go and pop some Shiley or whatever. Let's not, I don't even know what that is. I saw it in a show last night, how it's probably, is it a wine or something like that? Whatever. Not my bag of donuts. I drink tequila. Just would you think you've hit more? This happens. Trump appoints Tom Holman to replace current border czar Kamala Harris, who is claiming she's not the border czar, but now is gonna have to relinquish the border czar. Is there a little crown for that? Is there like a little trophy they got like border here you go to is gonna be replaced by Tom Holman. Some of you will remember this amazing hit Tom Holman did on TV with 61 minutes.


Remember they were called 60 minutes. They added a minute for Kamala Harris. They're now 61 minutes. Here was a great hit. Our new borders are replacing Kamala Harris talking about deportations. One of the greatest sound bites you're gonna see this year on the border. Check this out. We have seen one estimate that says it would cost $88 billion to deport a million people a year. I don't know if that's accurate or not. Is that what American taxpayers should expect? What price do you put on national security? Is that worth it? Is there a way to carry out mass deportation without separating families? Of course there is. Families can be deported together.


See, here's the thing. When you break the law, when you break the law, I, I, unfortunately, I've, I've known people in my life who've been arrested. I, I was a New York City cop myself and an agent. I've arrested people. You don't take the kids to jail. See, that's not how that works. So if you are a person in the United States citizen or not, and you get arrested for felonious moery in the umpteenth degree, don't do felonious. Moery big trouble. And you go to jail. They don't take the kids in the wife too. That's not, it's not like that movie, the Chris Hemsworth movie, the where you got a D where he is gotta go extract people to second one where a bad guy takes his whole wife, his wife and kids to prison.


That's not the way it works. When you break the law, you go to prison, you are separated. Why we would make a separate category of incarceration for people who aren't even American citizens who have broken the law and entered illegally outside of a point of entry. I don't understand how any sane person can argue that And I would make the case to you. It's one of the reasons they got their asses kicked by Hispanic voters on the Texas border in droves, the Democrats. That is because they want special rules for people who aren't even citizens. Aren't even citizens. I'm gonna tell you something right now. I don't know if I've ever told you a story.


My wife may not like 'em. I'm gonna tell you anyway. My wife's a legal citizen to this country. We had some serious problems with immigration when we got here. It I promise you it was obviously all bullshit. My wife was like a high salary VP for a huge lobby firm. She was an internet and database developer, okay? My wife was not some criminal, you know, crazy person in this country. We snuck in like trafficking drugs or something. All right? We had a lot of problems. It was ridiculous what she went through. They accused her of all kinds of crap. We had to write letters and stuff. It was, if I told you the story, you'd be like, no way. This is a long time ago, 20 years ago or something like that.


They threatened her. Oh, if you don't write this letter like we could deport you. Do you think there was any concern about a family separation? We had kids, nobody cared. Meanwhile, she was here legally with all the proper paperwork. So, I'm sorry, I don't have any sympathy for people who broke the law, entered illegally, and now wanna stay. You can go back whatever you, whoever you came with, you gotta go back and you can try it the right way later on after some penalty period. That's it. There's no special rules for you. Sorry. And if that hurts to hear, you should have done it the right way. And I know you feel the same way folks, you can always gauge the success of a tactic you're taking politically by what The reaction of your enemy.


You watch it. Remember, please remember, this is one of my golden rules of this show for political strategery remeasure. If your enemy's ignoring a tactic, I'm telling you it's not successful. It's not whatever you're doing, they want you to continue doing. I've always used the example of Obama and the birth certificate thing, how I was behind the scenes with that whole thing in the White House. And their conversations were bizarre. They want you to do certain stuff. When they ignore it, when they freak out about something, you know what you're doing. You need to double down and hit the gas pedal. I'm gonna show you this Fox news clip. Now. The Biden team is panicked about the first three, four days of Donald Trump being the president-elect. They don't know how to respond.


Alright, last break and then we'll get back to that. Hey, nothing delivers comfort and joy. Like the unrivaled quality and taste of Omaha Steaks. Skip the holiday hustle and bustle. Save 50% off gourmet gifts sitewide at Omaha Steaks dot com. Get a $30 reward card when you shop early. Score an extra $30 of promo code Bungee know it's a huge discount. We just stocked up with Omaha Steaks in our house. We're ready for the busy election season. There were a lot of late nights and Omaha helped us get through it. We're obviously pretty hungry. We got home with five generations of experience. They deliver the world's best steak experience and the gifting experts at Omaha Steaks made it easy to deliver the perfect gift with thoughtfully curated gift packages starting at 89 point 99. From legendary steaks to mouthwatering desserts and more, say 50% off sitewide at Omaha Steaks dot com. Plus our listeners, get an extra $30 off with promo code bonino and a $30 reward card when you shop early. That's 50% off at Omaha O-M-A-H-A Omaha Steaks dot com. And an extra $30 off with promo code BONINO minimum purchase may apply. Visit Omaha Steaks dot com for details and our last sponsor today.


Folks, check this company out. I just got a bunch of samples. And I gotta tell you I'm really impressed. You gotta sleep in comfort, right? Cozy Earth. The ultimate Christmas gift is luxurious sleep. You hear me talk about it all the time. With sheets and jammies from Cozy Earth, you and everyone will sleep in luxury in your household. Cozy Earth uses only the best fabrics and textiles to enhance that cozy earth's bamboo sheet set. Absolutely love it. With their bamboo pajama set. Cozy Earth's goal is to help you create a sanctuary in your house. With cozy Earth, you could transform your space into an elevated haven where serenity and renewal intertwined effortlessly. Cozy Earth sheets are so breathable. You'll sleep several degrees cooler, which is important for me and are made with durable weave fabric that won't pill guaranteed for 10 years. Cozy Earth prides itself on the responsible production of its products. Cozy earth bedding and Bed bath products. Have a 10 year warranty. Cozy Earth believes in them. Wrap the ones you love in luxury with Cozy Earth. Visit cozy earth.com/bonino. Use my exclusive 40% off code bonino to give the gift of luxury this holiday season. You're gonna love it. Super comfortable. That's cozy earth.com/bonino. If you get a post-purchase survey, just say you heard about Cozy Earth from the Dan Bongino Show podcast, check 'em out. The sheets are just ridiculously comfortable. Thank you, cozy Earth.


Alright, back to the show. Always gauge your success by the reaction of your political opponents. I want you to listen to this Fox News report. The Ducey one, right? Yeah. This is the Ducey one. Where they are freaking out is Peter Ducey, who I, I I saw on Twitter. I, I gotta tell I didn't, I didn't get this from insiders or anything. I heard maybe in the running for press secretary. I don't know that to be true or not. I saw it on Twitter. I'm just throwing that out there. 'cause you may have seen it too. I have no inside sources on that. I'm just being straight with you. But Peter's a pretty good go-getter. But here he is reporting on how they're trying to trump proof the right, the White House right now. They're freaking out. Check this out. It's Gonna be really interesting to hear how President Biden threads the needle today about what comes next with this peaceful transfer of power. Because that's not gonna happen until January.


And it's not like Joe Biden is just gonna stop trying to implement his agenda. You've got General O'Malley Dillon from the campaign that just lost talking about how the work is about to begin to Trump proof the administration. Joe Biden next week is gonna head to South America. He's gonna try to put his fingerprints on as many different things as possible before a president with a completely different worldview comes in and tries to undo it. Now, I don't even wanna call it a good news, bad news kind of thing because it really isn't, hasn't thankfully since Tuesday night. It is gen. It's just been a litany of really good news. I'd really like to see Rick Scott take this thing in the Wednesday Senate Majority Leader vote.


I I would. So, you know, we may have to balance some good news and some not so great news. I didn't wanna call it bad news, but I do wanna be candid with you here in the kind of a not so good news thing. We have a lot to clean up folks. The Biden White House has created a mess. Everything from energy policy to a war on, you know how they, they allocate resources in Medicare to tax policy to massive distortions in the tax code with the inflation production Act. There's a big mess to clean up. And. I don't want anyone under any illusions that this is gonna be easy. It has started out amazing. We were on a great track, but I'm telling you, we've got a massive mess to clean up. Here's a perfect example. We can't even do emergency management, right?


Remember this New York Times story when a bunch of you out there were on social media were like, Hey man, is the Biden administration making partisan decisions with this hurricane response with FEMA money? In other words, targeting Trump people And the New York Times was like, this is a misinformation. Our batting average Justin on conspiracy theories is 1000. And ladies and gentlemen, when I say our, I mean the Bino Army. I'm not talking about me personally. You guys said, no, Dan, something's wrong with this FEMA response. And the New York Times said you guys were crazy. They said, Trump's false claims about the federal response to Hurricane Helene. They note that they falsely accused of spending disaster funds on migrants that wasn't false and neglected areas that had voted for Republicans.


They said that was false. That that was false. Some of you know where I'm going with this. Daily wire, exclusive internal messages obtained by the Daily Wire show, a FEMA official order relief workers in Florida to help houses with Trump sides to are not help houses with Trump sides. Excuse me. Big difference. There's the message right there. Avoid Holmes advertising Donald Trump. Ladies and gentlemen, karate Man strikes again. Wait, sidekick two Roundhouse, The karate man strikes again.


The batting average is a thousand. I wish I could swing this thing. I'm a righty, but because my shoulder, look At it. Sweet. Watch this sweet like Will Clark look at this. Oh, oh yeah, That right down cut right down through the ball again. Again, remember when Biden came out and said, that's all bullshit partisan response to the North Carolina, Tennessee, Florida, Georgia, South Carolina hurricane. You guys are all disinformation. I'm gonna sick Michael Turnoff and all of these insiders on you to censor You remember that?


Here's Biden himself saying it was all disinformation except for the fact that yeah, it wasn't. Check this out. These lies are also harmful to those who most need help. Lives are on the line. People are in desperate situations. Have the decency to tell 'em the truth. So let me say this to all the people impacted by Hurricane Helene and Hurricane Milton, despite that misinformation and lies, the truth is we're providing the resources needed to rescue, recover and rebuild. It's all disinformation folks until it isn't. Your batting average is a freaking thousand. You guys are amazing out there. You're never wrong. Your instincts on these people are always correct, every single time.


You were never wrong. Now I've been getting a lot of questions, been getting a lot of people reaching out, DMing us. We leave the message thing open on, on pretty much all of our social media platforms. I'm gonna be candid with you, we don't read 'em all. 'cause we just can't. It's just a large volume. But I try to take a nice sample once in a while I'll send a message back when I never contact you and ask you for anything. However, just one quick thing. If anyone's ever contacting you, asking you go to a different site and talk to me, that's not, I promise, that's not me. We've had way too many people get scammed. Okay? However, I will respond back with a thanks sometimes with some of the messages. A lot of people are asking me this question a ton. Like, Dan, you think there's gonna be a wake up call on the left?


And I've said to you, it's a complicated answer. And I hate when people say that. 'cause it sounds like they're avoiding it and I'm not. I'm gonna bring the receipts. Yes. The answer is, there are some people on the left who are sensing there's a problem. I know that's shocking because we so associate these people with being immune to facts and being dense. But you gotta remember, they wanna win and they got their asses kicked so bad. They folks, you do you understand the scope of this victory in this divided country? This isn't the Reagan era. Donald Trump won every single swing state. And by the way, it wasn't even close. He won a popular vote. We won the Senate, we held the house, we won state houses back.


Liberal referenda went down across the country. Almost nothing worked. Even the abortion thing in Florida died a a, a death for the left. This thing was a freaking mess. A total disaster for them. Is there a wake up call? Some people who are more tactic tactic oriented, Clinton like mercenary, they're interested in winning. They, there's a little bit of a wake up call there. However, the far left I promise you the a OC crowd is not only not experiencing a wake up call is actually getting crazier. I want you to watch this just psycho on CNN Flip out when this commentator starts talking about boys in girl sports.


Yes, boys in girl sports. He just doesn't wanna acknowledge it's even happening. He loses mind that there's no wake up call with this guy. Check this out. I think there are a Lot of families out there who don't believe boys should play girls Sports. They're not boys. I'm not gonna listen to transphobia at this table. I am not gonna, you call a trans girl a boy. That Explanation When you use a word just slur, I'm interrupt. This. isn. Not how it is. Jay. Not, not boys. They're not boys. Second, they're not playing girls. Softball. Let's let reset for one. I'm not gonna sit there and listen Reset for a second because I look, this is a really heated issue, right? And shemic, I know you, I know that you understand that people have different views on this.


I think out of respect for Jay, like let's try to talk about this in a way that is respectful. Okay? So let, let me rephrase this. Since I'm being targeted here, I, I don't, you're not, no, it's you are not being, but I am. But it's okay. I I'm specifically saying that I know that you are not intending to be transphobic. He should know that I'm not in here. But he wants to Say I'm not. I want you to Folks, your best hope tactically, And I. Don't say this lightly 'cause it's ba it really is bad for the country. But there's nothing we can do to get through to that lunatic nothing. They are boys and they are men. They are not women. You can call them trans women.


You can call them whatever you want. They were born boys and they are now men. Many of them you claiming they're something other than they are. Change is absolutely nothing. And you attacking this gentleman as transphobic for bringing up what his biological reality is. The reason you politically got your asses handed to you, you wanna win? Put this guy on TV more. He, this guy on CNN, this clown turns off so many Americans. I swear the Republican party should finance his travel to TV stations and put him on TV every day.


I'm talking that night. I'm not gonna shut up. Stop. Shut your belt. Notice the other guy's completely calm. Not this lunatic. You wanna keep winning elections, get a give, send, go and send that guy around the country. Put him on local TV stations everywhere. Imagine you're a parent whose kid just got a volleyball spiked in their face by a fully grown man. It broke your kid's nose. You go to speak up And this guy says, I don't Want, you're talking about it. That is not a boy. Really. It's not a boy. That's it's not. But what, what, what, what are you talking about? Do you understand how genetics works? It looks the hard Too.


Oh my gosh. Please put that guy on TV everywhere. You wanna call yourself a girl. You do whatever you want. I believe in the constitutional Republican freedom. I'm serious. Call yourself whatever you want. You wanna call yourself by a different name. You wanna tell everyone you're a girl. You do use nothing illegal about it. But this guy's screaming at people demanding that I acknowledge this unal fake reality. Keep it up. Keep it up. And you'll lose in the midterms too. America doesn't want this. Did you miss the election bro?


What do you think just happened? But I'm always gonna give you both sides. There are some people, And I use these people specifically because I have some experience with some of 'em personally. The first one's this guy, Felipe Rinus, who's a pretty kind of mercenary dude. This guy will do anything to win. He's not a nice guy, but he understand, he's a, by the way, absolute Clinton Isa, like the king of the Clinton East. Does this guy kisses the Clinton's ass like you wouldn't believe There is some introspection occurring. I mean, it's happening publicly. Is it gonna change the direction of the party? I don't know. The a OC far left and that guy, they're powerful.


They may be shrinking, but they become a concentrated powerful interest in the Democrat party. Here's Philippe ness on CNN saying, man, hey I, I, I think we need to wake up if we wanna win again, this battle's gonna go on for a little while. And while this fog of war is happening, this is when we move. This is when we move. Watch this. I'm not Concerned right now with the right thinks about the Democratic party. I'm concerned about what I think about the Democratic party. I don't like to echo the Congressmen, all three of them. I don't like the fact that a small portion of our party is pretty much dictating where we are. That they are pretty much, we are being branded as the most extreme of us.


It is not only politically problematic as we just saw 'cause none of this stuff helped the other day. Without a doubt it's a problem. But we need to take stock of why we are being held hostage to the far left. No one should be and wants to be kowtowing to the extremes of their own parties. This guy does not speak without the permission of the Clintons. Okay? Like little puppets, you know And I got this guy This isn. This guy doesn't open his mouth without the not so subtle IMP Prada, the Clinton crew, the Bill Clinton wing of the party. I I folks. I'm just telling you straight, okay, receive both man receipts matter.


Okay? The Bill Clinton wing of the party that was responsible for the Democrat Leadership Council after getting wiped out. Reagan, Reagan Bush. And then they came back with Bill Clinton and won with this fake moderate act realizes they're not moderate. The Democrat party will never be moderate again. They're gonna try to fake being moderate And. I want you to be very savvy to this going forward. Keep your eyes out. Keep your eyes out Like you, you know, like you got magnifying glasses on. Here's another one. Here's Van Jones realizing they got themselves a serious problem and one of their biggest problems. In addition to telling people, girls or boys, they are not, in addition to telling people they should defund the police, in addition to telling people public safety.


Doesn't matter that Walgreens can lock up everything in addition to telling people inflation doesn't matter. They, it's not working. I'll tell you who else doesn't matter. The media. We are in charge now. Bino Army. We are in charge now. I've had mainstream media people reaching out left and right asking me what we're doing. How did we build this thing? Here's the short answer. It's none of your business. I don't give a shit if you know or not. I know what you guys are up to. We snuck up on you. The Bino Army's full of little ninjas. We're not the Samurai out there on the field with the big decorative costumes. We come up and we're like little creepers man. We get out there and then we just boom boom. We do our thing. That's what we do. We sneak up on you.


We've been really good at it. A lot of people are catching on, including Van Jones who realizes that the mainstream media is full of shit. They have no power anymore. We're in charge now. You don't believe me. Listen to him. We were making fun of Donald Trump for having thrown away his ground game and doing some weird stuff online. We thought that they were, were idiots. It turned out we were the idiots. We woke up in a body bag because while we were knocking on doors, they were making these phones into 24 hour a day political weapons for themselves. And so we got out flanked, outplayed, outbeat by people who told us the whole time that they knew what they were doing. Yes Folks, these phones. These phones you're looking at right here.


Here's my phone. Okay? You ever see me looking over? That's my phone right now. You notice I have Rumble Premium. I actually subscriber myself and no, it's not free for me. I pay but Rumble premium 'cause I don't like to eat Midroll ads in my show. So I put the, I put the Rumble premium on. There you go. There's a chat right there. These phones, these phones have become little messaging weapons for us because you can watch my show on your tablet, on your computer. You don't need a cable box. You can sling it on. You got a smart tv. Just go to the apps thing. Download the Rumble apps. you know you can do that. you know my wife watches the show and we have a Samsung Smart TV in the house. All you do is download the app, you can watch it.


Van Jones is starting to figure out, while the Democrats are focused on old school lit drops, you know what lit drops are when you drop a little pamphlet at the door. Vote for me. I'm Kabbala Harris. I suck that. While they were doing that, what were we doing? The Bonino Army. What were we doing? Anybody remember? What was the word we were executing while you guys were out there dropping literature that probably got thrown in the garbage? What was my crew doing? My little army out there of people. We were out there recruiting 10, 20, 30, 50 people to go and actually like vote and stuff. 'cause we're in charge now how does it feel? No, we're in charge.


My social media pages are bigger than yours. My reach is bigger than yours. The show's bigger than yours. How does that feel? We're in charge now and it's thanks to you. I can only watch it once you guys have spread the word. We've got a ridiculous 188,700 people here right now. Blowing up my chat. You think the Washington Post can do that? The New York Times? You think CNN can do that? M-S-N-B-C. If they could do it, they would. But they can't. They can't. We do it. Here's Axios, which is a far left radical like communist reg, like Hammer and sickle left. They really hate us too. Here's Axios, one of the founders. This guy Van der High or Van der High, whatever he's on M-S-N-B-C.


Listen to this segment. This is the best one of all. This guy's actually starting to get it. I told you there was gonna be a little bit of a reckoning. We'll see how far it goes. He's on M-S-N-B-C telling Willie Geist, Hey man, listen, I'm really sorry, but we just don't really matter anymore. Yeah, you don't. You're correct. But we do watch this. How do Democrats and frankly, how does legacy media need to change the way it thinks about getting information? I mean, a lot of the voters who went out and voted for Donald Trump that so many people are wondering what happened here. They're not watching, frankly, this show. They're not reading the New York Times. They're not consuming media that way and the Trump campaign found those voters where they live. So how do Democrats need to change the way they communicate to voters?


If you think that's part of the problem, For sure. I mean, I think all of us have to come to grips with legacy Media is just not as important as it thinks it is. No, you're not. You are not. You are not important at all. Matter of fact, you got your asses handed to you in this selection. If you were important, you wouldn't have gotten your asses handed to you in this selection ass right in the hand. See the ass? Here's the ass. Woo here, dad. Right in there. Handed. Handed on the ass. You see, Justin's like, did we really need the visuals? We did. We did. Ass is handed. We got a hundred. Yes, we broke 190. 190,000 again. Can they do that? No, they can't.


If they could do that, what would happen? They would've done it. Have they done it? No. Do we do it? Yes, we do it pretty much every day, folks. The red pill's happening everywhere too. you know, Charlemagne very popular guy. He has this show called The Breakfast Club. Very popular outta Reach. No disrespect on the business side. Guy knows what he's doing business wise. However, he's been very wishy washy on his politics. He seems to go back and forth. Sometimes you think the guy gets red pilled sometimes. Not whatevs you do you? I do me. But here's Charlemagne after the election, like, Hey man, listen, what's going on here? Like, did we miss something here? We got a little bit of a blind spot. Yes. We've been trying to tell you there's a huge blind spot. You guys have missed the whole Trump thing the entire time, especially with minority audiences.


If you'd wake up and open your eyes, you'd see, they don't think any other, they have the same exact concerns as every other American. You just completely missed it. Watch this. I will say this. I'm glad everybody's having a sense of optimism because the reality is we have no choice because we're here now. Donald J. Trump is gonna be the 47th president of the United States of America, like it or not, and we all hope for the best for this country. That's all we can do. But don't y'all find it strange that now that he's won, they not calling him a threat to democracy. They're not calling him a fascist. I mean, damn, on Monday they, they not calling him anything. They they in on Monday. They was just calling him that. I would think that, you know, if you really believe that, then somebody's speech would be about how America effed up and how, how things are about to be really bad.


Charlie leaving that man alone, Charlie, he's the most powerful man in the world now. It just makes you wonder how much of it did they really believe or how much of it was just politics. So now, now Morgan also, I know folks, the red pilling on this question is happening everywhere. If the, how do I explain this better? Hold on, let me take a little t not time out. I just wanna, I don't wanna screw this up 'cause this is really critical. If you were a leftist and you genuinely believe, genuinely, but put your try for a second and revert to like Neanderthal thinking. Correct, like a lot of the far left does. And in your head you really believe this guy is a Nazi and a fascist. In other words, he's going to get into office imprison, kill people, and do all this horrible, awful stuff.


Then I don't, I don't understand why you're so muted in your response after getting your ass handed to you on Tuesday. I don't say, it's almost like you were faking it. And the answer is because you were. Folks ask. So ask any of your friends who live in liberal cities, I've got a lot of friends who are up in New York, I'm from New York. They cannot believe how quiet it is. There's no occupy Wall Street. There's no pink hats. you know what I mean? The screamers aren't in the street. Ah, sir is an industry, none of this is happening. I'm not telling you the left is nice and calm and put your swords down 'cause they're gonna disarm.


Politically speaking, politically speaking, that's not what I'm telling you at all. The left is nuts. I'm simply telling you that they've done it before. BLM Antifa 2016. Why isn't it happening now? Because of what Charlemagne just said. They never believed this bullshit in the first place. It was all made up, folks. The whole thing was bullshit the entire time. And why was it bullshit? Because there was a body of work in a prior four year Trump presidency where all of the fascist Nazi stuff you said was going to happen if he got elected didn't actually happen last time.


He's not an unknown. You, you, you're not like painting a face on a blank slate. There's already a face there. You gotta paint over it. Everybody's like, Hey, there's already a face. The left would've understood this. They wouldn't have gotten smoked. Folks, there's a big scandal brewing. And I left this story for last 'cause. I want this one to really be tattooed on your brain. This is a, this is not a left right scandal. This is a real scandal because I think, let me just bottom line it up front here. Here's what I'm afraid of, folks. I believe a lot of politicians out there may be subject to blackmail by a foreign government.


Why? I want you to listen to this clip of Senator Marco Rubio on a weekend show about a massive, massive China based attack on our cell phone system. Where the rumor out there I'm hearing from people is that they got a lot of stuff including people's voice calls. And trust me, the people they were talking, they were, they were intercepting. Were definitely some hitters. Listen to Rubio and you tell me what you think after listening to this is bad news. Check this out. This massive and pervasive hacking by China of US telecom companies is significant. Your colleague, Mark Warner, said it's most significant breach he has ever seen in his entire time on the committee.


Do you know if China has been able to access the audio of American's phone calls? Well, I'm not gonna comment on what they access, but I agree with Mark Warner's statement. It is an egregious, outrageous, and dangerous breach of our telecommunication systems across multiple companies. I'll leave it at that. I think as time goes on we're gonna learn more about it. Some of it'll be made public. I think there's more that's still being gathered. It's a very serious situation that we face and And I think one that is quite threatening, maybe not directly to the election per se, but certainly to the national security of our country moving forward. It's a vulnerability that no one imagined or anticipated, but here it is. Okay folks, if Rubio is not commenting on, if they intercepted China, that is the audio content of selected people, they were targeting his phone calls, the answer is yes.


Now the question is, what the hell was China doing with it? You see a lot of suspicious activity in the coming months. Better start asking a lot of questions. You notice the media has been awfully quiet about this. Outside of a few stories on the periphery and things thrown, you haven't heard more, pretty much anything about it. Have you? Really? Strange, huh? A massive infiltration of our network with the potential interception of audio for political leaders and others. I'm gonna be keeping my eyeballs on that story. I promise you and folks, thanks for all your support with stuff. I just want to emphasize again a very important point before we leave today. I'm not asking for anything. I only care about Donald Trump and protecting him and his interests. That's it.


And the Mara, I just want to be clear. I'm not asking for anything. I'm not a deal cutter, I'm not any of that. I'm just here for you and for him and that's it. I wanna make sure we all understand that. But I appreciate all the nice messages I got. You guys are amazing. I I, I've got most of 'em, so thank you very much. If you want the shirt more, more four more years. Pilot on Kids Pilot on store.bonino.com


and please do me a favor, download the Rumble app. It is free. We have had an amazing couple of weeks with users. The platform is exploding. Download the Rumble app. Join us every single day. rumble.com/bonino or on the Rumble app. We're live at 11:00 AM You can watch on demand anytime and please go give us a follow The Dan. Bongino Show on Apple Podcasts and Spotify as well helps us enormously. I deeply appreciate it. Please go do that today. Click that follow button.


See you on the radio show here on Rumble in a few minutes. And back here, live tomorrow at 11:00 AM Thanks for tuning in. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.