
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino folks, You ever, you ever collect comic books when you were a kid? I did. Man, listen, I'm not trying to be Danny Downer or anything like that, but we grew up a little tough above a bar in a rough kind of neighborhood. I mean it wasn't like there were gangs roaming the streets. It wasn't freaking escaped from New York or anything, but it was kind of a rough and tumble place. And the way I used to like escape from it is I would go and hang out in this corner above the bar and it was a Christmas tree, an old Christmas tree. One of those fake ones I had lay on the Christmas tree and I'd read some comic books I bought from the TMO tobacco store.


Now remember the old, old one, the cover Avengers assemble, this guy is putting together like the Avengers Justice League. When it comes to the Trump I mean, obviously I'm talking about Donald Trump folks, the appointments have been ringers. I told you yesterday, you're not gonna agree with every single one. You're not. There's just too many positions to appoint. There's no possible way. By probability alone, you're gonna be like every single one is the guy I'd pick. 'cause somebody always wants someone else, right? But come on yesterday, the freaking media absolutely lost it. With the announcement of Ratcliffe and Pete Hegseth, Pete Hegseth at CIA and SecDef respectively.


Yesterday was a huge day. We're watching everything right now. Donald Trump en route to the White House. We'll see what we can do it getting that to you. Don't go anywhere. Spread the word. Today's a big show. I also wanna address some things going around about this guy, Dave. Dude, gee says I should address it. Should I address it? Gee, producer Jim, who is the senior, well not the senior podcast, Gabby has been around, says I should. Should I address it? You folks in the chat, you're in charge. I love these guys. But you're in charge. Yes. I should address rumors about me or no, I shouldn't. If you guys say yes, I'll address it. Bot Gino on the case.


Today's show is brought to you by Medi-Share the reliable, affordable healthcare alternative. Find out more at Medi-Share dot com slash bonino.


I'll get to the Avengers list coming up here in a second. And some of the media meltdowns I, I even even gotten a Doge. If you don't know what Doge is, stay tuned. Hey, let me ask you a question. You think the country's going in the right direction or does it feel like sometimes everything's falling apart?


If you're feeling alarmed, you should get prepared because you're not alone. In fact, Americans from all walks of life have taken action to prepare for it's coming next, have insurance for your food folks have a food supply. If you don't have an emergency food supply and an emergency happens, you're gonna starve because the government's not coming to save you. Storing food is the right thing to do 'cause we're living in crazy times. Explains why so many people are preparing right now. Get ready to with a three month emergency food kit from my Patriot Supply comes with delicious foods like creamy stroganoff, honey, wheat bread and mushroom rice peel off the entire. My Patriot Supply kit offers over 2000 calories every day. The food kit lasts up to 25 years. Who knows what our country will look like, but when that day comes, you'll be ready. Go to my patriot supply.com now order your three month emergency food kit from my Patriot Supply. Go to my patriot supply.com. That's my patriot supply.com.


Fellas, yes, ring that bell. Kids Avengers assemble. Let's just rock and roll through these things. Donald Trump sending out some bombshell announcements last night. As I said to you, if I don't hear it from Donald Trump, it didn't happen. This came out from his official office last night. The great Elon Musk and Veh Ramis Swami. Two guys I really like will be leading Doge. I love the Doge thing. If you guys are crypto people, you know what that is. But here it stands for the Department of Government Efficiency. This set the liberals into a tizzy standby as they used to say in the Police Academy of New York and the mustard deck share.


I will get to the media response to that in a second. I just wanna get to a few more appointments. First, I just wanna make one quick point on this. This is probably not gonna be some formal government department with any legis legislative powers obviously at states in the Congress. However, it's gonna be an advisory board. And let me tell you something, Elon Musk, Vivek and Donald Trump have a really big microphone. So if the Department of Government efficiency recommends a bunch of things and a bunch of swampy Republicans are like, screw that, we ain't doing that stuff, then good. You're gonna have to deal with a massive PR machine running against you. So. I would take what these people do really seriously. They're two serious businessmen. They know what they're talking about.


This could be one of the most important announcements yet, even though they're not formal cabinet positions. Okay this, forget it. Set the internet on fire. Long story short, last night, I'm trying to escape the politics just a little bit. I was a little tired yesterday at the end of the radio show. Had a long week. Boo-hoo. Who gives a shit? Who cares? But I'm home. I'm sitting upstairs. We got this little like down room. I hang out at super dark in air. I'm ready to go visit Lily White's party. Who's Lily White? don Don't know. My mother used to say that when I was a kid and she wanted me to go to sleep. So I'm like And. I got, I pop on Laura Ingram's show and she's got a guest on the guy's like mid-sentence.


Usually I didn't let them finish the sentence. Right? Key used to do the Fox show with me. You let him finish the sentence and you go, hold on. Breaking news. Mid-sentence. She cuts him right off and she's like breaking news folks. I had no idea it was Pete Hegseth. I know I said I do it. Invert. But put, draw that one up if you would. Gee, Pete Hegseth is now gonna be nominated to be the Secretary of Defense. If you wanna sound cool about it. Like I say, sec, Jeff, whatever, secretary of Defense, Pete Heg. Pete Heg, ECEF. Dang, that's pretty good GA Folks. I've known Pete a long time. A really long time.


Like in Dan Bon Gino's life. I've only been alive 50 years in a few weeks. I've known Pete for about one fifth of it. Pete is an amazing guy. I wanna tell you, I 100% support this. Pete is a door kicker. Pete understands what needs to be done. Pete understands the tactical component. He understands the foreign policy component. He understands the PR component. He's selling America and he, he's selling the military to new recruits as well. He is absolutely committed to ripping wokeness outta the military. Wrote a whole book about it. I probably recommend you pick it up. He's a good man and a decent man. I support him a hundred percent. And what do I always tell you guys? Michael And. I didn't talk about this yesterday.


Always gauge the effectiveness of a pick or a political tactic by what the response of your political opponents and folks diapers were being changed everywhere. People were crapping all over the place in their diapers. They all had to be cleaned up by mama. It was a total mess yesterday on the left. They don't know what to do. And just so you know, 'cause I'm never going to fake it or anything. Dan did you know I had absolutely no idea. None. Matter of fact, I talked to Rachel often. I mean her daughter Avita works here. I mean her son-in-Laws writes in right there. Rachel and Sean are very close friends of mine. I don't wanna speak for them, but I'm reasonably confident they didn't know either.


I was talking to Rachel probably a few hours before that happened. I was actually talking to a producer at Fox. Who knows Pete well from Fox and friends about Pete going somewhere she didn't know either. So they had a close hold on this one also yesterday. John ratcliffe it, I think a fantastic, fantastic pick. I got some video of him coming up in a second at CIA. I have one request from hopefully soon to be CIA Director John Radcliffe. I hope that appointment comes really quick and really fast. Or confirmation I should say. We've gotta open all the books. All the books on Spygate folks, I promise you that full story has not been told The angle you should ask about first And I know director Radcliffe.


If he's confirmed, we'll get on this. What were we doing with UK Intelligence to spy to spy on American political candidates in 2016? And afterwards you tell that story, it's gonna shake up the deep state forever. That's the story that needs to be told. People have been feeding me information about that for a long time. And you know you're watching me. I got that whistleblower who reached out. I get it. I don't care. Watch me all you want. Doesn't matter. Do I look like I care? I don't care one bit. You watch whatever you want. Folks, the media lost it yesterday. Gage the effectiveness by how the left wing media responds if they don't care about a pick.


Do you notice they were very muted about Elise Stefanik and others. 'cause they don't see any political hay to be made about it. If they're melting down, they know they've got a serious problem. The Doge, the Department of Government efficiency led by Elon and Vivek. Do you understand this could break up the entire liberal governing model. The liberal governing model is this. Don't go to work. Sit on your ass, put your ass in the seat. Do nothing. Right. Collect money from the government and wealthy taxpayers. That's it. That's the liberal governing model. If liberals don't have their government funded NGOs and everything else, they don't have jobs in lives. They're realizing now they may have to actually go to work and produce shit and they're freaking out because Elon's gonna be in charge.


Here is Joy Reed and this clown show of a congressman David Jolly, who once pretended to be a tea party guy. This guy is an absolute fraud and a total life loser with no human dignity at all. Ripping apart the Department of Government efficiency with Elon that has even started yet because they don't want efficiency. They wanna grift like losers. Check this out. Elon Musk and Vivek Ramas Swami. Great. We're gonna get to hear his voice again for many years until he gets fired, they're gonna lead something called the Department of Government Efficiency. They're supposed to now be in charge of cutting the budget, which is normally the job of the House of Representatives. You served in the house. Doesn't the house have to be involved some way in creating a new government agency?


Or can Trump just whip one up on Twitter? Ex Twitter? No Joy. Joy. That's right. I think Donald Trump's just handing out candy right now to his, to his friends and family. Congress is required to establish federal departments to, to define the jurisdiction, to decide how it's appointed. Presidents can, can certainly appoint AIDS and and non congressional positions, but there will not be a Department of Government efficiency without Congress. Which actually raises the question. Does Congress now just rubber stamp that? Yes. In one of its next appropriations Bill? Yes. And here's what it's gonna be. This is your project 2025 Department. Yes, the Department of Government Efficiency by Ramos Swami and Elon. That's your project 2025 department. Correct. Without the the bad impressions that heritage created during the campaign trail.


David Jolly, that guy you heard next who ran as a fake Republican is a life loser. Like I'm one one of the worst guys to ever enter the Congress at any point. An absolute zero with not a shred of human dignity whatsoever. Do you hear him at the end? This is Project 2025. Project 2025 was a heritage think tank product that is put out every single year by conservative think tanks. Elon Musk and Vivek have absolutely nothing to do with it at all. So why would David Jolly say it? Because David Jolly is a loser. He is a life loser. He lies for a living. He lies on a show that loves lying.


It's why nobody watches that crap network. And it's why their ratings have absolutely collapsed because people are tired of people like David Jolly lying personally. Folks, project 2025, look at it. It has some great ideas in it. Am I gonna agree with all of them? No. Are you? No. It's a think tank product. They had nothing to do with it. That's what these people do. Gauge the reaction by how successful gauge is success of your thing by the reaction. Their freak out tells me, double down on Vivek and Elon and to the swampy Republicans out there. If they find these efficiencies, you better think twice before you even get the idea of voting this stuff down. Now John Radcliffe at CIA folks, I think this is probably so far, maybe his second most important pick Secretary of Defense, I think is number one.


We don't have a defense department and a military. We don't have a freaking country Daddy. O you don't have anything. If it wasn't for our door kickers, if it wasn't for our warriors, our Marines, our Navy, air Force Army, our folks in the Coast Guard, our people in the National Guard. If it wasn't for these people, you wouldn't have a country man. You'd have an idea. We would've been conquered a long time ago for all of our resources and we'd all be s speaking German or Russian or Japanese after World War ii. However, CIA director is gonna be an important spot. We have got to clean the deep state out. And the CIA under John Brennan and others under Burns and under hasell, have been a total absolute disaster at the leadership spot.


They have let Russia and other countries walk all over us while they focused on spying on Donald Trump. And that bullshit's gonna stop Ratcliffe. Why do you like Ratcliffe? You ask me in the chat. Dan, why do you like Ratcliffe? I'll give you guys an answer in the chat 'cause that's what you're there for to keep me in check. Back it up. Show some receipts folks. I wrote three don Don't know I'm, who cares. A few books on the whole Spygate disaster. They were very well researched products. I had help with it. It wasn't just me. I, I we, I wrote three books on this and I'm telling you, there were only about five, maybe 10 members of Congress that were fully on board with getting to the bottom of this scandal.


Ratcliffe was one of them. Ratcliffe was knee deep in this thing from day one trying to figure it out. Here he is absolutely eviscerating deep state. FBI Goon Peter Stroke who led the whole spying operation into Donald Trump when stroke insists like, oh, he's not partisan or anything like that. I mean he didn't send any of this stuff out or anything like that. Watch him just destroy this guy. He knows where the bodies are buried. Ratcliffe, check this out. The Approximately 50,000 text messages that I've seen with your personal beliefs like F Trump Stop. Trump Impeach Trump. Go ahead and confirm on the record that none of that occurred on an official FBI device or on official FBI time.


Go ahead and do that, Sir. No, they did. Many of them did it. Oh, they did the 50,000 sir. So really, no, I'll give you a chance at the end. So what you really meant to say was that when you said you never crossed that bright inviable line, what you meant to say was, except for 50,000 times, except for hundreds of times of day where I went back and forth expressing my personal opinions about effing Trump and stopping Trump and impeaching Trump on official FBI phones on official FBI time. Other than that, you never crossed that line. I'm sure there are 13,000 FBI agents out there that are beaming with pride at how clearly you've drawn that line.


Agent Strucker. You're starting to understand why some folks out there don't believe a word. You say, Folks, this is the Avengers Dream team. Think of this now. Right? And I'll address, I promise you this, I get it. I'm not ignoring that. I just imagine at a table you have some national security crisis. We hope doesn't happen, but they do wars, terror attacks. Sadly, tragically, they do happen. Okay, imagine at that table. You have Donald Trump, you have JD Vance, his national security team, right? You have an FBI director. I'm, I'm hoping it's Cash Patel.


Let's keep our fingers crossed for cash. You've got John Ratcliffe who shouldn't have any problem getting confirmed to ccia a director. You've got Pete Hegseth SecDef, you've got potentially say his Attorney general and a Bailey who is awesome, a fantastic warrior. You got Andrew Bailey. This could be an a just a magic dream team. Some of you say, well, wouldn't you wanna seat that table folks? I don't ask for things. I told you that I'm not a deal cutter, okay? I'm just a servant in this whole operation for you guys and for the cause. I don't mean that to be like obsequious or anything like that.


I just, it's true. So let me address one more. you know what, let me just get to Pete first because Pete's super important. Pete Seth is a good man. Pete And. I have been very close for a long time. I love Pete. Pete, the only thing I'm worried about now is are you gonna make it to my 50th birthday party? This was gonna be the greatest, greatest party ever. And everybody keeps getting appointed to positions. Oh, my guest list is dropping off dramatically if you can't make it. This is gi le. This is really, this is on my mind. I'm like, Pete, are we gonna lose Pete now? He's more important to the country. If you can't make it, I understand it's gonna be a good party. Don't miss it. That is gonna be some morning. Morning, a Monday morning update.


Here is the great Scott Jennings on CNN. A guy I am really starting to like, who absolutely tore it up on the network. Yesterday when they started melting down about Pete, he, he's like, yeah, yeah, I got unqualified. Like what's he gonna do? Like let a spy balloon come into the country, evacuate Afghanistan and get our members killed and lose the country hurly and give up Ri Oh, that already happened. That already it already happened. Check this out. You anyone have confidence in the current leadership of the Pentagon and the way the defense sit situation's been operating for the last several years? I mean from the Afghanistan pullout, which was a extreme debacle for which no one was held accountable. We've had spy balloons flying over the United States. We built a $300 million pier as a public relations stunt, which wound up killing an American service member.


I'd say I've had just about enough of the, so-called insiders running the defense department. I think we ought to give Pete Hicks up the chance because he's got you asked about, he's got insiders. I, I'm all the criticism of him is that he's not the expected Washington pick And. I'm just saying to you that the American people just voted against the expected Washington pick. So, I. He's got 20 years in service. Afghanistan, Iraq, two bronze stars. Princeton, Harvard. Yeah, he's on tv. But so are the rest of us. by The way That And I gave, I think, I think he offered gave that, Listen, you just gave is really interesting because you highlighted a bunch of things that the civilian leadership of the country decided on in the military. Their job was just to execute.


They, they executed. How did it go? I'm just saying m Just how did it go in terms Jennings? Great question. How did it go? Don't tell me what you thought was gonna happen. Tell me what happened. Reminds me of Rocky three. Don't tell me what you think. Just tell me what happened. Your judgment sucked so bad. You got people killed. You got people killed. Maybe we need a bit of an outsider here who has some inside experience but isn't a company man. He's a freedom and liberty man. I'll take that.


Alright, let me take a quick break and I'll address some stuff that popped up about, about, about your boy here, Danny. Boom. Bots. Okay. I, it was a busy day last night. My phone was blowing up last night. I mean really blowing up. I had to put it on do not disturb because even I need to sleep sometimes. And it was crazy.


Hey, you have a Perfect timing. I did not plan this. You having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? You won't be if you take Beams Dream powder. I had to take some last night. Trust me, it works. They sent me something to try a long time ago. Stuff is fantastic. It really works. Seeing we're sleeping well, we're sharper, we're focused and ready to tackle whatever life throw that way other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of REI Magnesium, Athenian Apogen and and Melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. There's never been a better time to finally try Dream Shop their cyber sale. Get up to 50% off when you visit shop Beam dot com slash bino. You've been hear me rave about Dream all year. It's your chance to finally try it for the lowest price of the year. Head on over to shop Beam dot com slash bonino for up to 50% off. That's shop b eam.com/bonino for up to 50% off. Check it out. Stuff works.


Hey, by the way, if any of you are gonna be at the Hard Rock in Fort Lauderdale tomorrow, Paul and I are having a date night on Thursday night, which is a rarity, believe me, we never do that. But my buddy Nate Smith, who was the most amazing country singer out there right now, folks, Bonino Army, download his tunes, Bulletproof, incredible California Gold, his new album. And he's like the nicest guy you have ever met. I mean seriously, the most genuine, nice pro, pro-America guy you have ever met. He's blowing up the charts. We'll be there at the concert with Bailey Zimmerman, who we love too. So they're doing a concert. I think it's acoustic, but if you're at the Hard Rock, come and say hello. We'd be happy to see you and buy some tickets if you're there.


So he's a great guy. Okay, so did Bino, did we run a poll? What did Bino say was a result that I should address this or not? Yes, it was. Okay. Was it unanimous? Shocker. Yeah, shocker. Not a single, not a wow. Okay. Yeah. So I heard yesterday on, I'm sitting home on, on on X and I'm, I'm reading through the news doing some show prep and my phone starts blowing up and very close friends of mine were like, Hey man, congratulations. And I'm like, on what? Or the podcast or something like that. So, oh, do we have audio on that? Can can we dip into that? You got it. Turn it up.


Can I hear it? Talk About Ukraine today, Mr. President. Okay. This is Biden and Trump in the white. What Do you hope to accomplish today? Mr. President? President-elect Trump. Do you agree with Pete it up a little bit? Said, do you think women should not serve in combat roles? What's top of your list? The next time you're in this office, Mr. President-elect, they're not Answering. Thank you. I, How does it feel to be back? Pretty cool visual here. Trump back in the White House. That is a, you see, they're all, they're not, obviously not okay.


So they're not answering Any questions and then like pointed to Trump and was like, or point Biden. Alright, so let's come back to me so they're not answering any questions. But folks a pretty cool visual, which right is Donald, he doing anything there? Now Donald Trump is, is back. He is back in the White House. That is, that was like, thanks guys. That was pretty cool how you did that. That was a cool shot. Yeah, they're not really, Trump tells Biden politics is tough. Basically they're trying to smooth things over. you know, listen, it's, we're taking over. It's this kind of stuff happens. So that's what they do. You shake hands, Hey good, whatever. So, and then we move on and then we go back to investigating them tomorrow. 'cause that's what needs to happen. Getting back to me. So my phone starts blowing up and friends of mine are congratulating me.


And I honestly was worried about, I was, did something happen? I thought like the podcast has been great. And I and they, they cited some tweet that was going around X that I had been picked or was under consideration for secret service director folks. Not, I have not had any conversations formally about that position. I have. I'm not asking for anything. When you start asking for stuff and, and, and folks, I'm sorry I'm stumbling over my words 'cause I'm not comfortable talking about myself. Can you guys just gimme a little leeway? 'cause I real, I know I sound like an asshole right now. I do. I'm usually clearer and more precise and I'm stumbling all over. 'cause I'm so uncomfortable with the topic of the show being me. I mean it.


I love this president like a lot. President, president-elect soon to be president again. My problem with DC for a long time and that whole bureaucracy and is, whenever you start asking for something, it corrupts you. And I. Don't ask for anything. I don't want anything. I've called him maybe five or six times over the last four or five years and it's always been about ideological things I thought were great for the movement. And I thought my input would matter. I don't bug him about stuff. I don't bug his people about stuff. So I'm a little uncomfortable addressing it because if the president calls you and asks you something, you obviously have to take it seriously.


You do. If you love your country and your president calls you and asks you something, you have to take it seriously. But I'm telling you right now, whatever you're hearing about rumors are just rumors, okay? I'm not no one, no one has called me formally about anything. Alright? Enough said. 'cause I'm not, I'm screwing this thing up 'cause don don't like talking about myself. but I just leave it at, there're just rumors Now, And I know you guys really love the show. And I love doing the show. I love it. I, the president matters to me a lot. And the Secret Service is a position that's you don't keep this guy alive. You're not gonna have a president. Okay?


It is probably the worst explanation I've ever done any segment. I'm really sorry. I just don't talk about myself. Well, it's okay. Okay. Thank you. All right, moving on. I just wanna congratulate one more guy too. Dan Scavino folks is gonna be deputy chief of staff. I'm telling you. Dan s Scavino, what did I say this morning? Justin? I am not like hip with the young kid lingo, but I see online all the time. That dude's an absolute G and I'm like, that must be a good thing. Like the og OG original guy. So Dan Scavino is a GI love him. He's gonna be deputy chief of staff, the nicest guy in the Trump orbit. A guy who has been with me and a friend to me. Day one.


We love you Dan Scavino. Congratulations on being deputy chief of staff. You got him. You got Miller, you got Taylor, you got James. He surrounded himself with a great team. Folks, the Democrats, this can't get any better either. They, and not only are we surrounding ourselves with the dream team, the Avengers, the Justice League getting together. I told you, can you imagine this National security table, what it's gonna look like. It's gonna be amazing. I mean, once we round this thing out, you're gonna have ringers in there every day. And it's all happening because of my Rockham sock Robots theory. The president hits you with something, John Radcliffe at CIA.


The left is like, holy shit, what are we gonna do? They're pulling their hair out, they're gaveling their own heads. They're like, I can't take it. This is crazy with John Radcliffe. Oh my gosh, you're gonna expose C And what does he do? A couple hours later he launched his Pete Hesset at, and then they're like, well Pete Hesset, what are we gonna do? This is the way to do it. Rock 'em, sock em robots. My elbow is killing me. I wish I could do it. I've been lifting way too heavy. Well relative, my elbows killing rock 'em sock em robots. This is the only way and the perfect thing about Rock em sock em Robots is a strategy where you hit 'em and you just keep hitting 'em over and over again is you gotta space it, right? You can't, you can't let a day go by between one controversial announcement and the other.


You can, but you can't make it too short that you don't get the political credit from your base for a good pick either. Does this, does that make sense? So Ratcliffe people are like, yes, awesome. You let that brew, but the left is obviously brewing up their opposition. You get enough political momentum out of it and then you move a on to Pete to where it doesn't give the left enough time to respond to any one pick. It's been beautiful. And now my cannibalism theory is coming true. They are eating themselves alive. Did you see this epic rant by James Carville, the Raging Cajun? This guy's an old school Bill Clinton Democrat. He doesn't like this. Woke defund the police shit, right?


Sometimes he's crazy, sometimes he's not. He went on this one minute rant about just how crazy the Democrat party is. How they warned him off this stuff. Folks keep the infighting going. We're just gonna keep the Avengers team going. Keep the infighting on that side. It keeps him occupied, it keeps him busy. Watch this. Have no legislative power. We have no executive power, we have no judicial power. So when you out of power, you are an opposition party. And go and tell all the people that are ascending you and asking you for money, justify what you did, justify what you did wrong. And tell us what you're going to do different. 'cause what you've done ain't worth a shit.


Get your head around that. In all of the Washington based Democrats farting around, going to wine and cheese parties and talking about how misogynistic. So you get your ass outta Washington and go work on a 2026 campaign and due penance to make up for your goddamn arrogance and stupidity. Well, we're gonna say, we told you so. We told you this identity shit was disaster. We told you to get out in front of public safety issues. You didn't. We told you to have an open process and demonstrate the magnificent and staggering and deep talent that exists in the modern Democrat party. You didn't, we told you to differentiate yourself for Biden.


You didn't. I hate to be some fucking know-it-all. But all of these things are part of the record. I love you guys in the chat. You guys are great man. Oh, you loving this as much as I am right here. Look at it. I got Moleys in there. Look at this Subways. This is great. I love you more. More. Who put more, more M Borman. Oh, four more. More. And then he writes and then some more. Yes. M Borman. More, more, more, more. Every day. Opportunity cost. Every opportunity Democrats take to beat the political crap out of each other is an opportunity.


They're not taking to turn their stuff on it. They still have weapons, folks, political media weapons against us. Let them do it. And Borman, you are a hundred percent correct. More, more, more what? Then Dan. And then some more. What happens after? Then some more. Then some more, more. What happens after? More, more, more is and then more moist. And then more and more of moist. It never stops. The more we're bringing, the more you want. More, more, more, more layers of more that never end. It's like the ASM tote. You never really get to the top. You just keep having the distance of more, more and then some more.


I'm having too much fun today on the show. I had a good night. I'm honestly, I'm pretty honored. All you guys like reached out about stuff. It's been really cool. I'm still kinda on a, on a bit of a cloud from last week. don don't know about you, but I'm just still feeling like our country's so back. We're so back and it just feels really good, man. I'm gonna show you the left. Just eating themselves alive. Next, the view, which has been probably one of the single greatest sources of material over the last few days. Watch them meltdown. And, I. Keep. Keep this going. Keep this stuff going. It's absolutely great.


Hey, you wanna get lean and take a product called Lean? A lot of people ask me, Dan, how how'd you lose all that weight? I did. I was 238 pounds. I would show you the picture. I was getting a little gooey, but it's kind of nasty. So. I. Can't do that. I'd show you the picture now where I'm a little bit more sliced and diced. but I don't wanna be like Geraldo, you know? So take a lean. Some people are trying those weight loss injections 'cause the results are dramatic. They lower your blood sugar, they reduce appetite. But what are the long-term effects? They're really expensive and a lot of people don't like injections. I got a solution for you from breakout nutrition. Lean, LEAN. You wanna get lean? Try lean the studied ingredients, lower your blood sugar, help burn fat by converting it into energy and help curb your appetite and cravings. Lean isn't for the dieter with only a few pounds to lose. That's not that hard. The doctors at Brickhouse created Lean for Frustrated Dieters at me. At me actually at one point with 10 pounds or more to lose, I had to lose about 20. Wound up losing 30. You see it? Go look at the old videos. I'm not faking it, huh? Let's get you started with 15% off in free rest shipping. Add Lean to your wellness and exercise plan. Here's the website, write this down. Visit take lean.com. Take LEA n.com. I'll give you a promo code. It's Dan 15 for your discount. That's promo code dan15@takeleann.com. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA. They're not attend to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease. They're not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider. Thank you. Lean check it out.


And Medi-Share. You heard 'em in the beginning of the show. Today's show sponsored by a friend at Medi-Share. Regular listeners know how passionate I am about encouraging you to support companies that share your values and stop giving money those at own. It's been my life's mission. This is a huge issue in healthcare. You bet it is. You might be surprised what some are making you pay for. It's a huge reason why Medi-Share is so attractive for people who don't want to use their own healthcare dollars for procedures that may be harmful. Medi-Share is the reliable, affordable healthcare alternative. They're a nonprofit ministry. It's a community of like-minded Christians, hundreds of thousands of members, and they help people save money saving families. Many families save about $500 a month and members surveys consistently show they like it. Why? Because it works and they believe in it. It's time to join today. Go to Medi-Share dot com slash bino. Find out how you can access affordable, reliable healthcare and become part of a community you can count on. That's Medi-Share dot com slash bino. M-E-D-I-S-H-A-R-E, Medi-Share dot com slash bonino. Check it out. You're really gonna like it. Thanks Medi-Share.


Okay, back to the show folks. The view, what was it, Justin yesterday? He said The view has just been like show when you were like having a tough day with show prep, which wasn't yesterday, by the way. 'cause we were like two from the View. If you're having a tough day with show prep, just go to the view and you can watch the left Meltdown in real time because they've got a panel of everything wrong with the left. You've got Alyssa Farah, the sellout Republican. You've got the, the Morons and Joy and Whoopee who don't know anything about anything. You, you've got Sonny Hostin who pretends to know things and then just hits when focus group left the tested talking points. Here's Sonny Hostin suggesting that the bubbles should stay. Definitely don't hang out with your, your, your, your Trump voting family members and don't try to understand them at all.


Just keep doubling down on what you're doing. I'm all for this, by the way. You guys are, you keep that up. You keep insulate yourself in that bubble that works so well check this out. Whatever your reason is, I would never let my politics be the reason I don't show up to see my family because they won't always be there. I'm gonna disagree. I I completely understand her point because I, I really do feel that this candidate, you know, president-elect Trump is, is just a different type of candidate from the things he said and the things he's done and the things he will do. It's more of a moral issue for me. and I think it's more of a moral issue for other people. We're just, you know, I I would say it was different when, let's say Bush got elected.


you know, you may not have agreed with his policies, but you didn't feel like he was a deeply flawed person. Keep it up. We love this Liberals. Yes. Make no effort whatsoever to understand why those around you may have a political viewpoint different from your own. It is what led you to believe defund the police. Was it a good idea? It's what led you to believe that cutting young children's nuts off in school and advocating for it was just a wonderful idea. It's what led you to believe prosecuting Donald Trump for made up crimes and in front of fake phony judges on fraudulent charges was a great idea too. You guys keep this up.


It served you so wonderfully, folks. The Trump effect is real. I'm telling you right now. Processes, processes, tattoo it on your brain. Your guy here is never wrong on this stuff. There is a significant schism developing on the left. I set the show up for a reason. You saw Carville Carville makes money and his, it's not just about money to him, but prestigious. Well, if you're a political prognosticator and you're wrong, nobody's gonna pay attention to you. He wants to have juice like anyone else. If I told you a bunch of stuff that never happened and never came true, you wouldn't listen to the show either. There is a schism developing.


You got the Sonny Hostin crowd, which is doubling down on crazy, and then you got the Carville. This is the Trump effect. It is real. The greatest irony of Donald Trump is he may have a bigger impact on the Democrat party than he has on the Republican party at some point from having them do some, a sense of self-reflection. Here's Eric Adams, the far left governor of New York. I mean, excuse me, mayor of New York City, but I don't trust as far as I can throw 'em. But here's Eric Adams on the potential deportation of illegals in New York. And for a second, you're listening to this. You're like, this guy sounds like a squishy Republican, not a Democrat. This is the Trump effect at work and your election at work. Listen to this. How can migrant New Yorkers be sure that they won't happen here, given that ice can make arrests in New York City without police cooperation?


And then the second question is, you know, why should New Yorkers, including migrant New Yorkers trust that you will advocate for them with the new Trump administration, given that you have a personal stake in, in, you know, winning the President's favor? Okay, a couple of things. Do you think every New Yorker believes there should not or should be mass depo deportation? Do you believe every New Yorker believes that? No, but you have said you don't think there should Be. Yeah, but but, but you said, how can I advocate for New Yorkers? So I should only advocate for one type of New Yorker or New Yorkers. Well, that's tough. I don't think you can advocate for all New Yorkers. Oh, Really? Okay. So which New Yorker I shouldn't advocate for the ones that agree with you or disagree with you?


Well, If you believe there should be no mass deportations, how can people believe that you'll advocate for that with, with the Trump incoming Trump Administration? You, but you, you set up a question. This is very interesting in the question you set up. So there's certain New Yorkers I shouldn't advocate for Folks. You are watching the Trump effect in real time. He's going to have a significant effect on the politics of this country. On the Democrat side is the Republican side. He has almost single handedly shifted the Republican party from a party focused exclusively on tax cuts and elite business interest into the working man's party. This is a racial depolarization election.


If any political prognosticator or talking head work, their salt knows it. Donald Trump has broken racial barriers. No. And I mean no Republican has managed to do in a hundred years. That's his lasting gift to the Republican party. Donald Trump, ironically, may save Democrats from themselves too, and that may not be the kind of thing you wanna hear. But folks, I'm here to give you analysis. Not bullshit. I'm not saying it's gonna happen overnight because the Democrat Party is populated by power centers like a OC, the squad, the Sonny Hostin types, the Rachel Maddows. They still hold a lot of sway. It's gonna be a long time before the Democrats even think about repairing themselves.


But a few political victories in if Donald Trump can get tax cuts passed and some good solid conservative national reciprocity and things like that. Deregulation, doge works on cutting some departments get rid of the Department of Education. A few wins in, I think you're gonna see some, some Democrats who years ago would've been called Blue Dogs, say, Hey man, I gotta get with the winning team. Why? I just showed it to you. Oh, bring receipts. I just did. There's Eric Adams giving a speech. The liberal mayor of New York. A guy who only cares about pr, giving a speech about, Hey man, you know, I'm not necessarily gonna be defending illegal immigrants in the city from law enforcement.


They, they just showed it to you and folks, the hits and the winning just keep on happening. The where's, where's that Boardman More, more. And when you hit the more, more on top of more and then more, and then more is, and then more. You're on top of that. More, more, more. Daily Mail CNN will acts. Its top stars and layoffs. See hundreds fired as ratings continue to tank. I can't get enough of these stories. M-S-N-B-C is supposedly for sale folks. I'm not really sure any, a couple people were saying maybe Elon should buy M-S-N-B-C folks. That station is, is such a dog. I don't know. I mean it would take a lot of, who knows?


Maybe Elon, maybe an Elon, David Sachs, Chamath Pahata, Chris from Rumble Deal would be a good one. I, you know, I, I'm not speaking for anyone there, but I, I'm not sure it's even, it's even worth it at this point. The station's a dog. It's a dog. This is what happens when you lie to people. Eventually they say, don don't wanna be lied to anymore. You lied to me. You said we had a shot of winning this on these issues and you lost. Here's a little bit of comic relief. by the way, the Oval Office meeting happened a little while ago between Donald Trump and Joe Biden.


If you're listening on Apple and Spotify on demand, you can watch the show on Rumble. You'll see they weren't answering a lot of questions. The only real news break that came out of it is there was a handshake. Biden said, congratulations to Trump. So obviously it's gonna take a lot of wind out of the sails. Trump said, politics a dirty business. So there's a little like romma going on here that the ceremonial handshake, Trump said the transition will be smooth. That's the only real news break that came out of it. But Peter Ducey asked the best question yesterday, did you? This is just folks, you know, edutainment is my theory here, right? Hat tip, boogie down, productions educational entertainment. You're gonna love this has no educational value whatsoever.


It is just freaking entertaining to watch. Kare Jumpier asked one of the best questions, Hey, is this meeting today that happened? Gonna be awkward. Watch, reach out. Pierre, check this out. We know that today, a week after the election, president Biden and Vice President Harris had a private lunch. How awkward was that? I don't even understand. Why would it, why would it be awkward? Because Why would it be President got squeezed out for her would, and then she kept him at arm's length and then she lost and now she's Back. Why would you characterize it as awkward? They have regular lunches. They meet and talk regularly. Why would you call it Awkward? So there's no weirdness about the way that things have unfolded.


So I, did You see them? Did you see them together yesterday as well? When they honored our veterans and were together. Sorry. It was a Kamala Harris means it doesn't matter. The point's the same. It he understands that the Democrat parties have war with each other right now. Biden hates Harris. Harris hates Biden. They both hate Trump. Everybody's pretending they like each other. It's all an act. It's all an act. don don't do acts. you know it. They did the ceremonial handshake folks. It's all a, it's it. The White House right now is a total train wreck. I'm hearing the, the morale and the White House is the worst it's ever been. And I've been through a couple transitions. They're usually, they're usually pretty bad when you lose the election. Hey, get us to 200,000. We've been at a hundred ninety, a hundred ninety one.


Share the link with your friends. We're at 188,477. We got about 15 minutes left. Get to 200 folks. I wanna blow up 200. We haven't, we're at 200 on Monday. The show is the number one political live stream right now in the world. We love you guys so much. Get us to 200,000 streamers. We really appreciate it. And the Rockham socom robots theory of governing in the transition period. 'cause it is a form of governing I mean soon you're gonna be in charge, is working. Just when Donald Trump is getting all this heat for breaking up the education cartel, for talking about dumping the Department of Education for closing the border, breaking up the censorship regime, he rockham soum robots again.


And he goes back and gives another one of these video deliveries on true social. Here he is talking about illegals being housed in these high price hotels. And you know what? That money ain't going there no more. It's gonna go to our veterans. And of course, they didn't have enough time to meltdown because then he started doing more announcements. Rockham, sock and robot style. But this is genius. Check this out. On day one, I will sign an executive order to cut off Joe Biden's massive spigot of funding for shelter and transport of illegal aliens and redirect a portion of those savings, a very large portion I might add to provide shelter and treatment for homeless American veterans.


I will make it a personal mission to totally eradicate veterans homelessness in America. By the end of next term, you'll see a big difference, just like you did at the va, just like you did with, frankly, everything we touched. The border was the best border we've ever had. We were energy independent. We were soon going to be energy dominant. Our country was doing great. We had no inflation. We had the best economy in history. We're gonna take care of our veterans. If you have served this nation in uniform, the Trump administration will never betray you as Joe Biden and the radical left Democrats have done. They have truly betrayed you.


Folks understand open borders is their only political path to any kind of sustained political power. They talk about it all the time. Demographic, destiny, switching the demographic of the country, which ironically is now working in their favor. Now that racial depolarization is underway and Trump is the first, the first post racial polarized election, presidential election in modern American history. That's backfiring on him. But they see it as their only path to sustain power. It's why they keep fighting and fighting, fighting against Stephen Miller and Holman because they don't, they, they understand once the border's shut down, they have no sustained tactical path towards winning political power.


Their only path is illegal immigration and giving away goodies. Now you've got Elon and Vive that are gonna shut that down. And you've got Holman and Miller. And I know who, I don't know who's gonna be CBP secretary, maybe Rodney Scott or someone else. But these guys are gonna shut the border down. You have actually cut off this spigot of their political power. Here's Andrea Mitchell yesterday. You see watch, they're really upset about this. Claiming ridiculously yet again that Tom Holman, who is now replacing Kamala Harris as the borders are, that the borders are position is new. I'll debunk this for you in a second, but the reason she's doing this is she wants to act like what's happening right now with Holman being appointed Border Czar, the guy to run the border.


That this is some new and new and uniquely painful Republican thing. Republican politicians like Trump are trying to impart on the American people. It's not new. There have been border Czars before. Notably Kamala Harris who failed at it. Watch this. She has no significant decision, experience at all in Homeland Security, which is one of the biggest agencies. It's not just immigration. And there is an immigration czar. This is a new position that, as you know, has been created supposedly by the new, the new the President-elect for the new administration. There's, this is the, this is a new position. I, I hate to ask you guys to do this again, but can you queue up?


This is about a minute of the media people like Andrea Mitchell and left wingers talking about the border czar position under Joe Biden. It was filled by who? Yes, Kamala Harris. Do you see how these people lie? Wait, put the end wokeness tweet up again. You see why MSNBC's ratings have collapsed? How many times are you gonna be lied to Andrea Mitchell? Down 40%. Why? Because she's bullshitting you. She just told you there's no such thing as the borders are. It's a new position. Tom Holman's, the first one, fellas, cue up the border. Our montage. Play this for the audience. How many times are you gonna be lied to by these buil? Check this out. Meantime, vice President and Border Czar Kamala Harris facing some backlash, And this will be her first visit to the US Mexico border Regents, since she was appointed as the border czar by President Biden, president Biden tapped Kamala Harris, vice President Kamala Harris to be the border czar.


They were very critical of Kamala Harris, especially in her role as Border Czar, Kamala Harris, who was appointed as the border czar. There Has been so much criticism against Kamala Harris. you know, she was, the borders are That. What else do you need to see? What else do you need to see? You want? Why is this show such a success? And Rumble been such a success while cable news with billion dollar budgets keeps losing their audience because of bullshit. It's not hard. Andrea Mitchell, there's no such thing as the partners. Ah, this is the first one we just played for you. A minute of left wing media people telling you about the Borders arm.


Kamala Harris. What? What else could you possibly want Do? This. isn a, this wasn't even hard. What did I say on the voicemail? I leave these guys a voicemail at night. But a show rundown. So I don't have to stop what they're doing or anything. What? What'd I say in a voicemail? Just do me a favor. Pull me to Montage or the border. So that's how easy this show was to put together this actual component last night. We have it in the Evergreen file. We don't even need to do anything. Hey, can I give you a big thank you? you know, like, where's that? What you was that about? No. I mean a real big thank you.


And you know, rumble, where I'm an equity holder in Rumble, I love Rumble. I am exclusively on Rumble for video. We are not on Screw Tube or anywhere else. Rumble did their 'cause it's a public company. They did their earnings call last night and folks, it was a ringer of a report. And, I, just want to thank you so much for supporting the company. As you can see from their, their public disclosure last night, breaking Rumble reports, third quarter, 2024 results their monthly active users. That's what MAU means grew to. 67 million up 26% quarter over quarter. That's a whole lot of users on a platform. Folks, this doesn't even count the election season, right? This, isn an e. Yeah, I'm pretty sure this doesn't even count most of the election coverage record revenues of 25.1 million, up 39% year over year. I've never been prouder to be part of this company. I just want to thank you all folks, this is where it's at. Download the Rumble app please. If you wanna become a Rumble Premium member, we appreciate it. The platform's free, regardless. rumble.com/bonino to follow the show.


Alright, back to stuff. Thank you very much. I really appreciate it. Folks. We have to start a fund, really a give, send, go to fund the Marie Hears and Sonny Hoons of the world, because I'm telling you, the longer we can keep this schism going on the left with the radical communist lunatics attacking the Jim Carville's and others trying to straighten a party out the Van Jones's and the Philippe brightness, it's better for us. It distracts them. It keeps them occupying their own little playpen and sandbox. I hate to run two clips of the view, but this was priceless. It shows you how they will never, ever look in the mirror. When you go and ask voters what this election was about, they're going to tell you illegal immigration and inflation.


Those were two of the biggest issues everywhere across the country. Play the clip by Sonny Hostage. Here's Sonny Hostage. Say, oh no, this wasn't about prices, about eggs or anything. Keep it up. Keep it up. We want you guys in the blind, in your dopey bubble because we've popped it and we got the formula. Now watch this. I, I still don't believe that this was about the price of eggs because if it were about the price of eggs and the price of gas. I mean Trump didn't address those during his rally. He did address those during his campaign. He, he did address a microphone in a sexually explicit way, but he didn't do any, any of these things. And So I, I, I, I don't know that Democrats need to do a postmortem.


Please, Sonny, don't, don't do a postmortem. Why? All you gotta do it took me about five minutes to pull this article up. Maybe last Forbes Biden Mistakes on the Economy help explain the 2024 election according to exit polls. In other words, what people said after they voted, voters decided the election based on perceptions of the US economy. This is how stupid the bubble living left dwellers are. I'm telling you, we need to get a charity pack going to keep these people on the air. This is the best thing that can happen to us. And tactically speaking, jokes aside, sarcasm aside, this is gonna stop soon. We have about a hundred or 150 days of a window where we can get big huge things done.


Breaking news, by the way, Senate GOP leadership now down to Thune and Corn. And that's a bit of a disappointment. I wanted Rick Scott, but you know these guys with the secret ballots, they'll never tell you who they voted for. Anyway, so that just happened. Thune and corn and it's probably gonna wind up being Thune at this point, but we'll see what happens. Folks, you want this to happen. There is a genuine opportunity cost, but it's going to wrap up after about 150 days of this infighting and ankle biting with each other, they're going to get pissed off and some big donor's gonna come in or group of donors and shut it down. We have to take advantage and we have to move. Now here's another one you wanna talk about a cult-like mentality. Here's a former member of our dopey media talking Head Olympics medal stand, Brian Stelter I mean an absolute moron and another life loser.


Again, no sense of self-reflection whatsoever. They just haven't figured it out yet. Stelter is dumb though, I promise you some big donor or tactical guy politics wise gonna come in and clean that party up just like Donald Trump did in 2016. So we gotta move now. But you still got this to hope for. Here's Stelter, listen to this. But I wanna recognize that for all the flaws of the, the mainstream media, and we have a lot of them, it's not just the media's fault. That trust has been declining for decades. It's also I mean decades of attacks by politicians. That is the main issue. Is that like I mean? Yeah, it could be that the Washington Post is endorsing candidates or it could be that there are millions of voters who believe lying politicians who tell them lies.


Knowing, knowing that they are I mean that could be the problem too. They'll never get it, folks. The media is not, these guys are incapable of digesting their own role in the misinformation ecosystem they created. We have a unique opportunity of about 150 days or so. We got two years till the midterms, but the political capital is on our side for about the next 150 days. We've gotta move and move fast. Rock 'em sock robot style. It is the only way. Please listen to me and make sure your representatives know that they are gonna try to stop him though. And one of the most disgraceful things I've ever seen in our legal system, which is collapsing, is what's happening up in New York right now with fake Judge Mead.


He has the opportunity right now to put to bed this disastrous abomination of justice in that civil fraud case. Twinkies brought up in New York, okay, there's civil criminal. He can, the criminal, he can get rid of this crap. He won't watch what he's doing. Here's a Fox News report. He's delaying sentencing on this case instead of scrapping the case. Why? Because Justice delayed. His justice denied. And this guy hates the idea justice. He wants to sort itally over Donald Trump's head 'cause he wants to look like the guy. Watch this Fox News report on that. It is 10:00 AM in New York City and we've got a ruling based on the Associate press saying this a moment ago. The judge has delayed a ruling on whether or not to dismiss President-elect Donald Trump's criminal conviction.


These are 34 counts that came in at the end of May, May 30th, and the former president's been fighting it ever since. And the judge is gonna sentence him prior to the election, then delayed it, given the election itself. And so this is the ruling here, Folks. Judge Marchon, this guy is not a serious person. He's a hardcore liberal activist with family connections, making money off the attacks on Trump. That's why I'm telling you, once they get their sea legs under 'em again, the left, they're, they're gonna marshal their forces again. We've got about 150 days to make big moves.


I am all over these personnel decisions. Again, just a news break. Rick Scott did not win that Senate Majority Leader race. It's down to Thune and Corny. We'll see who wins. you know who cares about predictions? We'll know in a little bit. Follow us on the radio here on Rumble in just a few minutes. We've been setting records over there too. Live streaming all day. We love it. We love with you're with us. And please support Rumble. We had an amazing day. The future is bright. Go to rumble.com/bonino, click that subscribe button. It's free. It means a ton to us. Download the Rumble app. Also give us a follow on Apple Podcast and Spotify, two big podcast platforms. The Dan, Bongino Show. We really appreciate it. I'll see you back here tomorrow in the radio here in a little bit.


Thanks for tuning in. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.