(0s):
Hey there. Good to have you back with us. It's VINCE, another episode. It's always so nice to chat with you chatting, especially with you live on rumble rumble.com/ VINCE. An amazing chat already piling in as it does each day. Thank you for that, everybody. It is, it is wild. You just saw it happen again and I've, what have I been saying? What have I been saying? Everyone just needs to settle the hell down. It's gonna go great. And sure enough, it went great. A massive announcement from the president of the United States yesterday stock market flying up into a complete record day yesterday, and we've imposed 125% tariffs on China. Tell me exactly how this could have gone better. We'll have more on that in a moment. Also, I've got new economic data just out this morning.

(42s):
Speaking of the economy and what's gonna happen with spending in the United States of America, the Congress right now debating some big tax cuts and big spending cuts right now, they could be on the verge of passing one big beautiful Bill and Tim Murtaugh, you know him from the Trump campaign. He's gonna be joining us, coming up. We're gonna talk to him about the president's strategy, what he sees in all of it, and also a very important story about Rumble as it fights back against the Canadian government. That's right, Canada's hassling Rumble. Obviously under, under Fidel Castro's son's regime. Things have gotten really dicey. It's all ahead on VINCE,

(1m 22s):
before we get to all of the great content today and your conversation with me, this episode is brought to you by ammo squared. Do you remember the great ammo shortage of 2020 shelves were completely bare and even online options were just wiped out. Well, there's a company in Idaho helping to make sure that that never happens again. It's called ammo squared. And they've been helping over 80,000 members stockpile ammo automatically since 2015. You sign up, you pick your ammo from over 70 different calibers, set an auto buy budget and then choose a shipping trigger. Over time your ammo, it piles up, it accumulates, And it is stored for free in ammo, squared's, climate controlled warehouse. Until you are ready to ship. No minimums, no extra fees. It's perfect for small budgets or anybody who wants to build up a stockpile without spending thousands or hundreds of dollars upfront. Ammo squared is the smarter way to stockpile ammo. You can set it and you can forget it, and then you ship it when you need it. It's the easiest way to stay prepared without the hassle. Head to ammo square.com. Take the work out of buying ammo. 80,000 members and thousands of five star ratings. Cannot be wrong. That's ammo squared.com. Check them out today. Must be 18 or older and not prohibited from possessing ammo. Must be 21 for handgun ammunition.

(2m 49s):
All right, we've got very good news today. Very good news indeed about the state of the economy. Things are, are now roaring thanks to the President of the United States and the moves that he has taken this week. Before I dive into some of the data, some of you have been watching the Rumble Stream during the radio show from 12 to three each day. And typically I have a, these days I have a special guest, my dog, my dog major stops by and I decided, everyone keeps saying, where's he during the podcast? Well, he's here now. Major. Come here, here, everybody. Lemme see. Lemme see if I can show you major. There's, can you, okay, let's get another camera here. How about this? How about this? We'll get another camera for major. We've got a camera. I can, I can pull it up right now. Let's see. There's major, major here, buddy here.

(3m 31s):
Come here. There's major. That's my dog. And everybody has been talking about him in the, the radio chat. So I figured why am I keeping major from the podcast? And so this is my boy. He's my off leash boy. He follows me around everywhere he is my shadow. And he's a great dog. He's a great dog. Anyway, so that's me just showing off the dog. But I figured bring him to the, bring him to the show. And people were asking about his breed. He's a mutt. We got him as a rescue. Somebody abandoned him somewhere in Central Virginia and he walked up to a, a work truck. A guy was working on a radio tower and he worked, he walked up to a work truck and he just hung out by the truck.

(4m 12s):
And so the guy's name is Larry. Larry's a great American. Larry takes major into the truck. At the time, he had no name yet. We didn't name him until We got him and brought him to, you know, the local officials and kind of what you have to do to see if anybody's gonna claim him. Nobody did after a week. So Larry took him and then, and then Larry posted online that they needed a home for this guy. And so we brought major in and he's been the absolute best. It's been fun. I love, honestly, love training dogs, love training dogs. Dog training is dog training's. Pretty cool. I I taught him how to catch Frisbees, which I didn't know that you could do. I thought you had to be a one of like those really smart breeds to catch frisbees.

(4m 55s):
And it turns out you can train a lot of dogs to catch Frisbees. You just have to, you have to spin around with them. They like biting at the Frisbee. You just spin in a circle with them and then they keep biting at the Frisbee, and then you gently start releasing the Frisbee each time. And then the dog gets accustomed to catching it in the air. And now I can whip that Frisbee across the yard. He'll chase it and catch it. So kind of cool, actually. It's really, these dogs are amazing. So there you go. That's, that's major. He'll pop up every so often in the podcast. And for those of you listening, check out the, the Rumble stream if you can sometime to, to check that out. That's rumble.com/ VINCE. Okay. Economic data, who's a good boy, who's a good economy. The American economy is doing really well.

(5m 37s):
We have some breaking news this morning that the American economy has improved dramatically. Inflation is way down. Our economist here on the program is EJ Anoni. And he writes today that core inflation year over year has fallen to its lowest rate in almost four years, hitting 2.8%. That's the best number since May of 2021. May of 2021. Of course, the last time, as you see here on e j's chart, the, it was headed in an upward tra trajectory because you have Biden coming in January of 21 and then inflation skyrockets during that timeframe.

(6m 19s):
So core inflation now is back, is falling way down thanks to the president of the United States, his administration. And, and, And it stopped all of that outta control spending. Remember when Biden came into office, the first thing they did was pass a $2 trillion spending package. And they said it was for so-called covid relief. All it did was print a lot of money and make the economy so much worse. When you print money and you have too many dollars chasing too few goods, well, that's exactly how you get inflation. And that's what Biden did over the course of his four awful years in office. So the economic numbers that we're seeing today, a dramatic improvement there.

(6m 59s):
Also, in terms of e j's assessment of, of everything that's going on. I have one more for you because this, this strikes me as really important too. Take a look at this one. This is, he said, this is truly remarkable. The average annual inflation rate from 2009 until 2021, it was at 1.8%, 1.8% here. And then Biden drove it up to 8.6% for a year and a half, and then it rose steadily at 3.1% for the rest of his entire term. Trump is averaging a mere 1% right now for his average annual inflation rate.

(7m 39s):
That's huge. So the, so these, so in terms of prices, in terms of prices and, and this idea that President Trump was elected in order to lower them, to slow down these rapid price increases, he's doing it because of oil has gone down dramatically. A barrel of oil has gone down very dramatically. That is super important. You're looking at Congress right now, contemplating a big package that'll include American energy spending, American energy focus in terms of getting rid of all the barriers to American energy. So these numbers are only set to improve going forward. And the private sector we talked about earlier this week, the private sector two months in a row has been growing.

(8m 20s):
The government sector is shrinking. It's going down all things that you want. So the president delivering on those promises right now. And then yesterday We got the big announcement from the president of the United States that he is dropping all of the tariffs that he was set to impose on every country on the planet. And instead they're just gonna impose 10% flat on every country, all across the planet, except for China, which is gonna be getting 125% tariffs because China just keeps retaliating. China just keeps attacking the United States. So President Trump says, okay, perfect. We will isolate China 125% tariff.

(9m 0s):
We're gonna reroute all of this industry all around the planet. We're gonna, we'll import from other countries, we will work out trade deals. As of this morning, the president's advisor, Kevin Hassett, was on television saying that they have some, I wanna say 15 or so countries that they're working with right now, that specifically who have offers on the table, who are ready to go. They've been talking to 75 countries, they say, who all wanna make these big offers? At the moment, those tariffs are frozen. They're not fully suspended, they're not fully going away. They're frozen for 90 days according to the President. And the idea here is that looming tariff threat continues to hang over these countries until they make deals that benefit the United States of America.

(9m 46s):
In the meantime, the Chinese having a 125% tariff, this is a huge deal. Now China is digging its heels, and I saw all across x they're posting these ridiculous videos saying, we're gonna fight to the end, we're gonna fight to the end. We will not yield. Okay, fine, don't yield because you are entirely dependent on the American market. You're not diversified enough. You can't handle this. You have, we have all of the leverage here. And so China, if they want to take this to the bloody end, that's totally fine because that means in that timeframe, we will be able to reestablish business here in the United States of America, get all these companies out of China. You know, companies like Apple, which has been producing iPhones, that was it, Foxconn, where they had to put up the, the suicide nets to catch people who were jumping out of the factory crazy.

(10m 35s):
And so you're watching as a lot of that manufacturing is already starting to leave China, just the uncertainty of the trade war is enough for these companies to say, we've gotta pick up, we've gotta move. So China with a losing hand here and the President fighting right now for us. So that's great. And I I, I said this from the get go and I'll, and I'll repeat it every time we get one of these Trump panics that are going on from his, what the President refers to as the panics, it is, isn't it the most predictable thing ever? Isn't it the most predictable thing ever? The president does something, the left wing media and a bunch of weak need rhinos come out and they start freaking out over what the President did saying this is gonna end in calamity and then it ends in the best possible way.

(11m 25s):
And people look back on it and they say, wow, that was actually worth it. I, yesterday morning each, each day, I can tell you each day throughout all of this, I've put a, a little bit, no, a couple of bucks. I put a little bit of money into the stock market each day because I said, why not? I know how this ends. I know how this ends. I know that the president is gonna wanna have everything firing on all cylinders by the time the midterms come, come around and perhaps sooner. And so yesterday morning I bought a little of s and p 500, just bought a little index fund. I was like, you know what, maybe I'll do this. And the president even said on truth social yesterday, he said, this is a good time to buy stocks. And so people started listening, some people did.

(12m 7s):
They started buying stocks. And by the time the president made his announcement, that was during our 12 to three Eastern National Radio show yesterday, he makes his announcement on truth social that he's suspending all of these tariffs for 90 days and he's imposing 125% tariffs on China. Holy crap. What a day it was yesterday. And I, yeah, Patriot dances. I did too. Invest what you can. I planted my feet. I just put a couple of bucks in the market And it paid off yesterday. So that's, again, that's because I'm not freaking out. I'm not panicking over this. Donald Trump has been president of the United States before And it's gone pretty damn well.

(12m 50s):
Now he's president again And it is going pretty damn well. I'm not gonna freak out here. That's crazy. So I didn't, And it paid off luckily. So here's as predicted, although I do see there, there's some people online today accusing Trump, people of insider trading. I guess there were some, some people were buying call options or something on the market yesterday ahead of the president's public announcement. But even if that's the case, the president had tweeted in the morning, or sorry, posted the truth socially and truth in the morning, that now's a good time to buy stocks, maybe kind of an indicator if Trump's telling people, Hey, now's time, now's the right time to buy stocks. People listened yesterday.

(13m 31s):
Amazing. Alright, let's see. I've got the president talking about China. This is what I want you to hear. This is the President Kawan saying that the reason we are in this position where we have to fight back against China. Now, given all of its unfair practices, is not just because of China, which of course it is, it's because of the prior occupants of the Oval Office who have sold this country out. Take a look at the President. I blame the people sitting right at this desk, right behind this desk or another desk. You get, you get your choice of seven. I happen to pick the resolute, but I blame the people sitting behind in this chair, behind this desk for being stupid and competent or not having courage.

(14m 11s):
This should have been done years ago. This should have been done before Obama. In all fairness, not only Biden Obama, this should have been done many years ago. This started with the World Trade Organization, which was yep, owned by China. It was owned and paid for by China. They didn't even have to do things. They considered them a nation that was undeveloped. They said they were a developing nation. Well, we're a developing nation too. If you think about it, look at our inner cities. Look at what's happened. Yeah, so lemme pause here. The developing nation component, just to be clear, means that China gets preferential treatment on the global stage.

(14m 51s):
They get, they get unique carve-outs by the World Trade Organization because they're considered a developing nation. What an absurd arrangement at the rest of our expense. So it's not free trade, it's not fair trade at all. It's rigged trade with China. And also it was Washington who sold us out. It was people like then Senator Joe Biden, who sold us out through the admission of China to the World Trade Organization. And it is not in any way achieved the, the claims that those people in Congress were saying at the time. They claim that China would become more western, China would become more like us. China would ingest our values. None of that happened. Instead, they exported their communism to the United States of America and stole our productivity, stole our intellectual property, stole our, our, our manufacturing base, stole it.

(15m 44s):
It wasn't a free trade arrangement, it wasn't that they were doing things better in an ethical way. It was that they straight up stole it and Washington's allowed it to happen forever. And every prior occupant of the Oval Office, at least in this century, has allowed that to get even worse. So Trump says, I'm the corrective, hate to say it, but these guys are either morons or they're corrupt. Continue with President Trump here From ground zero there, right? So we're a developing nation too. No, I don't, I don't, I know it's a lot of people take heat for say that, but I blame the people sitting at this desk more than I blame China. If China can get away with, they got away with, with taking hundreds of billions and trillions of dollars right out of our pocket because our people here were stupid.

(16m 31s):
They were stupid people. Maybe corrupt. I don't know. I don't know how you could be that stupid. How do you get to be president and you're stupid? But they certainly weren't courageous and they allowed this to happen. And with Japan and with many other countries that took advantage of us, well, we, we had deficits with almost every country. I used to read these things the first term I'd read 'em, I'd actually read the agreements. I'd say, how could anybody agree to this stuff? So certainly they were rough and they were tough and they were smart. And you can blame 'em. But I really blame the people that allowed them to do it because, you know, you, if you could read first grade and you could read these agreements, you'd say, these are terrible deals.

(17m 15s):
I actually used to say, who would allow deals like this to be made for our country? I love that. I love that. He says, how can you be a stupid person and become president of the United States? Well, in fairness, Joe Biden became president of the United States, and he was, he wasn't even at the level of stupid. He didn't, he didn't reach that high. And, and so, and then the other piece of this, he said, well, maybe they're corrupt. Well, he's being generous. Biden is corrupt. Biden's very corrupt. The Biden family has taken millions from China. The Biden family has taken millions from the wife of the mayor of Moscow. The the Biden family has taken millions from Ukraine.

(17m 56s):
The Biden family, deeply corrupt in the midst of all of this. No wonder they're rolling over in the face of China. That was four years guaranteed that China was going to continue to, to fleece us, to take advantage of us because they owned the guy in the Oval Office. So I would say President Trump, who is, who was very good in that audio, you just heard, you know, he's being almost generous to Biden, who was bought and paid for by so many countries. And that's, and so we we're left holding the bag here and President Trump's trying to fix all that. Right now, Republicans in the Senate, members of Congress, for the most part, there were a lot of members of Congress who were with the President.

(18m 36s):
Some of them just kept their mouths shut during this trade battle. And then others were downright trying to take away the President's power to conduct this, this effort to, to manage these tariffs and those people. Just insane that, you know, the Susan Collins of the world, the Tom Tillis of the world, saying, we have to rest control of tariffs away from the President of the United States. How, how awful that they would get up there and they would represent the globalist status quo rather than fighting for the American worker in places like Maine and North Carolina where Collins and Tillis are from respectively. But there is a sigh of relief going on on Capitol Hill that at least this, this bout this round is over here, is a Senator John Kennedy in delivering the message in only the way that he can Pause a 90 day pause except China.

(19m 31s):
Well, I don't consider it to be a pause. I consider it to be a declaration victory. Putting a China aside for a second. You have to treat China differently from everybody else. No person with an IQ that's greater than his age or her age can think that half of the world's countries would have come to America, the American people, and say, we want to lower our trade barriers. Had President Trump not done what he did.

(20m 12s):
Right? Now, that's just a fact. Trump haters will not like that. Trump lovers will, will, will, will, will love it. But that's just a natural fact. Yeah. So he says, this isn't a pause, it's a declaration of victory. The truth is, it is a pause. It is a pause. So those countries continue to remain on notice. But Senator Kennedy is right that this has been a, this is a big deal that the president could only achieve through a muscular start to this negotiation by coming out and just throwing it all on the table. This is the pain that you're gonna suffer. Bam. Throwing the binder down and having everybody stare at him from across the table and going, whoa, whoa, whoa.

(20m 54s):
Wait a second. That's where you're starting. We, we wanna make a deal. Let's make a deal. We don't want any, we don't want any heat. We don't want any of that. Let's get away from that. That doesn't happen if President Trump just starts limping into the negotiation. He just comes in, he says, look, I want you to make a deal. We'd hate for anything to get worse for you. We'd hate to eventually impose tariffs on you. Instead, he starts right away with, we're putting massive tariffs on your country. What do you have to say about this? And so the president And it announcement yesterday indicated that the, the fact that all of these countries around the planet are collaborating with him is what earned them at least this 90 day reprieve. So Senator Kennedy Wright, that that's, that's a uniquely Trump equality, that so many others who would wanna represent the United States in the Oval Office, they would do well to learn some lessons from how the president just handled all of that.

(21m 45s):
Alright, coming up more in a moment, I've got more reactions to all of this, including from the top officials in the Trump administration. And we'll be speaking with Tim Murtaugh coming up in a moment. He's seen the president up close. He knows how he operates and he'll give us his thoughts. And the president's negotiating tactics here.

(22m 1s):
You know, you've seen it before. When disaster strikes grocery store shelves can go completely empty overnight. The worst time to prepare is during the aftermath. By then, it might already be too late. Smart Americans trust My Patriot Supply to help them prepare before crisis comes. And right now they're making it so much easier than ever. You can order their four week emergency food supply today and get 4 72 hour food kits completely free. That's almost two weeks of bonus meals at no cost. Each of these, My Patriot Supply kits offers over 2000 calories per day of delicious, easy to prepare meals that last up to 25 years. Now that's real peace of mind. 25 years shelf life, amazing. No last minute panic, no empty shelves. Just knowing you're covered, stock up today before this deal disappears because when an emergency hits well, food could be the first thing to go. Go to prepare with VINCE dot com to claim your kit. Plus get an extra 12 days of food for free, almost two weeks of bonus meals at no cost. Once again, that's prepare with VINCE dot com to claim your kit plus an extra 12 days of food for free. Prepare with VINCE dot com.

(23m 13s):
Alright, we've, we do have, one thing I wanted to share with you is that China has been making all sorts of attempts to, to stop all of this. They're like, please, please don't do this to us. We're gonna keep fighting back against you. And one of the ways I told you yesterday that China is threatening here to, to retaliate, is to block Hollywood movies from appearing in China. I won't go back and listen to yesterday's podcast if you want more detail on that, but at its core, I hope China blocks Hollywood movies from appearing in China. It'd be good for us. It means that China does less sucking up, excuse me, Hollywood does less sucking up to China, less censoring of American movies in order to fit the Chinese demands.

(23m 58s):
I'd be very in favor of that. But here's one that I, I didn't dwell on yesterday, but I need you to dwell on in part, take a look at this. China is floating the possibility of killing more Americans in response to these tariffs. And what does that mean? Well, China right now is the source of fentanyl is the source of fentanyl world widens, especially in the United States. All of those ingredients, all the fentanyl stuff comes from China. And two of the bloggers who are linked to the Chinese government who came out with this list of retaliatory ideas, meaning they did this at the behest of the, of the commies of the ch comms who run the country, they suggested that they would stop collaborating on fentanyl.

(24m 52s):
They would suspend cooperation on fentanyl. Lemme put that a little differently for you. They will look the other way as their people, their country continues to kill Americans. That's their plan. And so, look, it's already kind of a joke to suggest that they're doing much collaboration to begin with. But the Chinese government knows as it floats this concept that the whole point is, we want you to realize more Americans will die if we have our way. You keep this going, we will kill more Americans. I don't think that that component of this should be underappreciated.

(25m 33s):
I think we should really keep an eye on that because the Chinese government, as you likely know, Peter Schweitzer's written a great book on the subject. The Chinese government controls the supply chain of fentanyl in the united into the United States all the way through Mexico. They're controlling the port access, they're controlling the pill presses, they're, they're working with the cartels. They, they're using Chinese encrypted apps to get the drugs into the country. And fentanyl has been killing more Americans every year than we lost in the entirety of the Vietnam War. More Americans, every single year than we lost in the entirety of the Vietnam War. Over a hundred thousand Americans a year died due to drug overdoses here in the United States.

(26m 15s):
Many of them who are taking drug things that they are think are other drugs, and they don't realize that there are fentanyl inside of them. And that's the cartels, that's the Chinese government killing Americans. So the Chinese government today, this week saying, that'll continue. So, you know, one huge piece here is remembering this is not merely an economic war. This is in some some ways you would assess it to be a hot war, wouldn't you? If, if the Chinese government and the cartels are involved in killing over a hundred thousand Americans a year, we're kind of at war, aren't we, with this country? The President responding with 125% tariffs now on China.

(26m 57s):
We'll see what comes of it and whether or not China's gonna come to the table at all. But it is a really, really big deal in terms of what led to all of this yesterday. There is some speculation right now that they're not speculation. There's a, there's a, a left wing media narrative. I love this. They, they hated Trump for launching the tariffs to begin with. And then when he changes course and he says, we're gonna drop the tariffs down to 10%, we're gonna leave him up for China. 125%. The media cope. Yesterday was, oh, he blinked. He walked away. He, he gave up. He surrendered. He capitulated. That's their explanation for this. The treasury secretary Scott Besson immediately addressed this yesterday and said, don't be stupid.

(27m 40s):
This was part of the plan. Take a look at Scott Bessam, Just secretary. How much of this decision was driven by the bond market cratering overnight? What is happening by China selling their bonds? Yeah, I, I have nothing that says that. And we actually had quite a good tenure auction today. And all this was, again, this was driven by the president's strategy. He and I had a long talk on Sunday and this was his strategy all along. And that, you know, you might even say that he goaded China into a bad position. They, they responded, they have shown themselves to the world to be the bad actors and, and we're willing to cooperate with our allies and with our trading partners who did not retaliate.

(28m 27s):
It. It wasn't a hard message. Don't retaliate. Things will turn out well, Don't retaliate, things will turn out. Well. That was the message. China retaliated things turned out poorly. Everybody else is now working with the United States, which is a, a very big deal. And think about what this means for alliances. That means that we'll have more countries who are dedicated to their business relationships with the United States than with China. China's sphere of influence drops as a result of all of this. Ours grows. And you cannot underestimate the value of those 10% tariffs, 10% tariffs on the rest of the planet. That's a lot of money flowing into the United States Treasury. And yet the market's loving it yesterday, an improvement over what they thought was coming.

(29m 10s):
Alright, in just a moment, we'll bring our guest in. We'll talk to Tim Murtaugh about what he thinks that all was and and what he makes of the president's psychology here, how he handles these deals. But first, I wanna thank our sponsors for keeping all of this free for us. Thank you for that.

(29m 23s):
Are you a yo-yo dieter? Do you diet? Do you lose weight? But then you gain it all back plus a few extra pounds? This is dangerous. You know, studies show that it can actually increase your risk of heart attack, stroke type two diabetes and other health problems breaking free of your yo-yo diet pattern. It's the main reason the doctors created Lean. Lean is a supplement. It's not an injection and you don't need a prescription. The science behind Lean is very impressive. It's studied natural ingredients, target weight loss in three powerful ways. Lean helps maintain healthy blood sugar, helps control appetite and cravings And it helps burn fat by converting fat into energy. Listen, if you're tired of losing weight and then gaining it back, lean was created for you, lemme get you started with 20% off, just enter the code VINCE twenty@takelean.com. That's VINCE twenty@takelean.com. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the F fda. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. And it's not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider.

(30m 25s):
Also, this, you, you guys know I don't just slap my name on anything, these sponsors. I really believe in them. And that includes Blackout Coffee. I love Blackout Coffee. I'm drinking it this morning as I do each day. One second. Lemme drink some. Hmm. Oh, fired up. Ready to go. Hey, John is the owner of Blackout Coffee. He's the real deal. He built blackout coffee from the ground up, refusing to compromise on quality or values. This is America First Coffee Roasted Fresh, right here in the United States. No woke nonsense. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as you know, blackout Coffee has been the official coffee for all of us right here at Silver Lock. So, you know, this is a brand that stands for the right values. And not only does it stand for the right values, it's delicious. I drink black coffee and now I drink blackout coffee because it's that good. You should too. Here's the deal. John is hooking you up. Head over to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE, that's VINCE for 20% off your first order. Whether you like whole bean ground or even instant coffee that doesn't suck. Blackout coffee as you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE, use the code VINCE for 20% off your first order.

(31m 41s):
Blackout Coffee, lemme see is major. How's major doing Major? Come here buddy. We we'll get a quick, quick break from Major here. Let's see. Come here buddy. Come on. Come on, Come on. There he is. There's major, major, there he is. Good boy. He's hanging out with us today. All right. That's, that's enough for the major break for now. He'll be, I'll just be lying there. All right, let's see. Let's bring in another, another great guy Tim Murtaugh is standing by Tim Murtaugh is, was at one time the communications director for the Trump campaign and is with us now.

(32m 23s):
Tim, good to see you again, sir. Good to see you, VINCE. And congrats to you being able to work there with Major. That's fantastic. I I feel like I'm, you know, second fiddle there to major. Of course. Right. So, you know, and congrats on all your success. Thank you very much. And I, I, some, some of the, the people who follow a lot of these politics will, will realize, and this was just a mistake on my part, I had no idea. I forgot about it, but Major is also the name of Joe Biden's out of Control dog. Oh Yeah. These Dogs, yeah. Major. That's the dog. I think one of the dogs major and commander, these dogs were biting all the Secret Service agents. So I guess what I, what I've proved is, is it is possible to raise a dog named Major without it being a psychopath.

(33m 4s):
Yeah, well I think as I recall, major Biden was uninvited from living at the White House. Isn't that, isn't that accurate? I think that's right. They deported him. Yeah. It's the only deportation they ever did. The only one, The only deportation that Biden managed was his maniac dog. That's right. Hey Tim, Tim, lemme get your reaction to what happened with the, these tariffs this week and, and how the president started all of this and how it ended up yesterday. What'd you think? You know, my favorite thing of all of this is how the media and the Democrats act like this is a surprise of some kind. You know, Donald Trump has only been talking about the power and use of tariffs for about four decades. And it as though he was not already president once.

(33m 44s):
'cause we remember that. I remember. Anyway, I don't know how, how far back the Democrats or the media's memory go. Apparently not very far. But he used them to great effect the first time he was president. And when he was running this time around in 2024, he talked about how he was going to defend America's economy, defend American jobs, manufacturing and all of that by using tariffs because he said it over and over again. America's been getting ripped off for decades. And when I get back into the White House, we're gonna attack it again. It's going to stop. That's what he has talked about for eons. Yeah. And that's what he's doing. And for there to be this general freakout is, to me the most humorous thing of all.

(34m 24s):
And the end result is we are right back to where the president always wanted to be, which is that China is isolated, as you've been talking about, the 125% tariffs now on, on China. They are isolated as compared to the rest of the world. Everyone can see that they are the true bad actors and all these other countries, the EU and dozens of other countries are now at the negotiating table with the United States. Yeah. Were they not, would not have been had he not taken the action that he has taken over the, over the past week or so. So I, I look at a guy like Chris Murphy, the Democrat from, from Connecticut, who's a senator, probably the most embarrassing member of the US Senate if you ask me. Right. He's, he's angry when the stock market goes down, he's angry when the stock market goes up, Trump posts on X for the entire world to see, hey, now would be a good time to buy stocks.

(35m 14s):
And Chris Murphy says, oh, that's insider trading. That's not insider trade that he posted it on X Yes. Or on, so truth social as you just said. So, I mean, I think it's well played by the president. We'll see where it goes from here. But at at this point, it's exactly where he wanted it to end up, I would think. And it was another reminder that he has a unique stomach for this type of action that so much of Washington doesn't. I saw a lot of Republicans were squeamish over all of this. Oh no, what's gonna happen? I mean, to the point that, as I mentioned, there were a number of, of senators who straight up came up with a piece of legislation to try and strip the president's power to administer these tariffs. People like Tom Tillis in North Carolina and Susan Collins in Maine, and others who are like, who are, who are acting as if we need to take this away from the president at this moment, what are you doing?

(36m 2s):
You are trying to diminish the hand that he's playing right now. Yeah. And it, this is, you know, it's a symptom maybe of the, the internet age and, and the, the the, you know, we don't have a 24, what is a 24 hour news cycle. But, you know, the Newsday never ends really. And you know, these, the, the panics as you've recalled that the president has called them. They, they can't withstand the pressures of a single news cycle and not even the entire news cycle. But they can't, you know, when the media's calling and say, what are you gonna do about this? And everybody's freaking out, oh my gosh, the stock market is falling. What are you gonna, they can't survive even an afternoon without having to freak out. I mean, my goodness, how you have to, this is the long game.

(36m 44s):
President Trump is looking at this as the long game. He is resetting America's place in the global marketplace. It has taken decades to get where we're at. And you're not gonna solve it in the course of a week. I mean, my goodness, he has told everybody for months that this is what he's going to do. Yeah. And senators freak out through the course of an afternoon. I mean, get a grip. There were people inside of Trump's orbit who were also disagreeing with each other publicly. I saw Peter Navarro and Elon Musk were kind of ba batting going back and forth, sort of attacking each other in public. And I loved, I don Dunno if you loved this too, as a communications guys worked in the Trump world, but I loved Caroline Levitt's explanation for all of that.

(37m 24s):
Yeah. So what they disagree, we're the most transparent administration in history. And these guys are allowed to disagree in public. It's perfectly fine. Yeah. As, as though that's new in, in Trump world where people disagree with each other in public. And that's, I think that's a a a way that he does achieve the most desirable outcomes a lot of times is that he absolutely listen. People the left loves to call him, oh, he is a dictator, he is an autocrat, blah, blah, blah. No, this guy listens to every possible opinion. He will ask every single person in the room, what do you think about this? Yeah. What do you think about this? He he takes all opinions and he wants people to, to have conflict. That's the way that you boil things down into what is probably going to end up being the best possible outcome.

(38m 7s):
So public disagreements are nothing new. And this is another the media, again, they know what drives clicks and all that. And so that, that's all this is about. And, and it's, it's all about getting to the right place at the end of the, of the, of the process. And that's where President Trump has said it. So right now we have 125% tariffs on China. What is, as, as a guy who's seen the president operate up close, what is your advice to Xi Jinping right now? I see, I see all of the Chinese messaging vehicles are saying we will not yield, we will fight this to the end. What's your advice to Xi if you could offer him any Pick up the phone. That's what, that's what I would say.

(38m 47s):
Get on the phone with Donald Trump and make a deal because Donald Trump is not gonna bend. He's not, he, he has had this in his sights for a long time. He has gotten through this far. He got through this, you know, this last week of everybody freaking out, blah, blah, blah. He's not, the end goal was to get America a straight deal and to be treated fairly on the world stage. And really that begins with China. China really is the, the main soar point here. And so the president is not, he's got this in, in his teeth now and he is not gonna let it go. And I think President Xi recognizes that he's having, I know that there's an issue of honor and saving face and all that stuff. And there, and when it comes to when there will be a deal there will this, this is not like some sort of unsolvable problem.

(39m 30s):
There will be a deal. And when that deal comes, there will be an off ramp for President Xi to have a face saving moment and everything's gonna work out fine. So just get on the phone. Yeah, that's right. President Trump will build something to make Xi ba basically to go back to his people to make it seem like he did something very strong. That's the, that'll be the president's move here. I wanna ask you about a different country now because Tim, I know one of the things that you represent and that you've been focused on is you, you do communications work for Rumble. Yeah. Which of course we're broadcasting on live right now. And Rumble is locking horns, not, it's not a fight that Rumble asked for, but Canada has been creating problems for Rumble.

(40m 11s):
Tell us what Canada has done to Rumble and what, what the current fight is. Yeah, well, rumble and, and now and now news outlet called Rebel News filed suit in Canadian court on Monday. And what, what it all stems from a couple of live events that Rumble and Rebel News were planning and actually held in Toronto in May of last year. And it involved a member of Canadian parliament and a bunch of officials from the Canadian government. And what they tried to do is that the landlord of the venue where these two events were being held is was, is a Canadian government office. Right. And so what they tried to do is they didn't want Rumble and all these nasty conservatives coming in there.

(40m 53s):
And Donald, Donald Trump Jr. Was a featured guest at these two different live events, by the way. And they, and they, they, we have internal communications of the government officials talking about what are they going to do to try to block these events from happening in advance. They talked about, oh, this is going to draw an an undesirable crowd. They didn't like the people. Then they went to the police and said, is there any way that we can present this as going to be a security threat and that there might be violence or an uprising of some kind? And the local police said, no, no, we have no reports of that. None. There's, there's nothing we can, we can tell you about that. And so what they did was they artificially drove up the costs of security because they hoped that Rumble and Rebel News would just say, oh, that's too expensive.

(41m 34s):
So they charged them these exorbitant security costs in order to, they said to provide security for the thing in an attempt to scuttle the whole deal. When in fact this, the member of Parliament, her name is Yara Sacks, she posted on X in public that she didn't like Rebel News because Rebel News had been in communication with her opponent in the upcoming election. So it was clearly viewpoint discrimination, it was clearly discriminating against people because of their political views. She didn't want her political opponent being involved in this public thing. They tried to shut it down by hiking security fees. Well, the joke was on them. They paid the security fees, the events went off without a hitch.

(42m 14s):
Guess what? There was no violence, nothing happened. Everything was fine. But now they find themselves in court and they're facing, being accused of attempts to violate the freedom of expression, freedom of speech, which Canadian citizens have the right to express. And that's what, and Rumble, this is not the only time and it's not the only venue. Yeah. In which Rumble is once again on the front lines of fighting for free speech. You know, they're added in Brazil fighting against the Supreme Court judge there. They've taken on China, speaking of China again, Russia, and even countries that you wouldn't expect, Australia, New Zealand, France, all of them coming saying, censor these channels. We don't like what these people are saying. They could come after you next VINCE, maybe they already have and Rumble every single time stares them down and says, we will not.

(42m 57s):
We will not. Well God bless Rumble for that. And But you know, what you're describing is all the, all these countries, you know, some of them in South America. But what I've detected, and maybe you could speak more on, is that it seems like a lot of countries that we think of as Western countries are very much fighting now against civil liberties. That they're very much cracking down on free speech. They're imprisoning their political opponents. These countries are becoming hyper restrictive and and don't like people exercising their voices in venues like Rumble. Yeah, that's exactly right. I mean, yes, in South America, in Brazil, there's this one Supreme Court Justice Alexandre Demares who wants to shut down one particular America based channel because he doesn't like what it says about Brazil politics.

(43m 41s):
And so he wants to censor stop people from being able to hear it in Brazil by censoring it worldwide and reach into the America and, and override our first amendment. But it, it comes from westernized country. It got, Europe is a really prime offender. I think everybody, a lot of people are familiar with the 60 Minutes piece that ran a couple of months ago, I guess when, when they had a, a camera accompanying German police breaking down people's doors because they had posted memes that people found offensive. It's illegal in Germany to insult someone. Yeah. And if you do it online, it's a worse punishment. That's insane. That is, that's insane. The, the EU with this digital services act that they've passed, they are trying to say that if somebody in America on Rumble or on X or on Facebook anywhere, if somebody posts something on the internet, which of course doesn't have any borders, And it offends the sensitivities, the sensibilities of people in Europe, that they will enact punishment against American based speech.

(44m 43s):
They cannot reach into American based companies and override our first amendment. They just can't do it. And so yeah, it is, there is a worldwide area. It's a very authoritarian effort. You know, I think it really, it began during Covid And it has really just picked up steam and, and maybe it wasn't the real beginning of it, but that's when it became visible when governments actually attempting to stifle speech. And you know, it's the 21st century. I thought we were well beyond this. But No, that's why, that's why something like Rumble is so important because if Rumble doesn't fight the fight, who's gonna fight it? Yeah. No. And we, and we see it all over the place, whether it is in the eu, in Brussels, or in like the World Economic Forum. These are all of these anti-democratic impulses.

(45m 25s):
They're trying to crush free expression for global control. And this goes right back to what we started talking about, which is the president of the United States, president Trump in both of his presidencies, he's been a forceful advocate for nationalism and standing up for the rights of your people. And by extension, JD Vance, the vice president, he went to Europe and he, he dressed them down for their attacks on civil liberties. So the United States has a real opportunity here, and I think it's happening to lead a restoration of civil liberties under the, under the, the leadership of President Trump and Vice President Vance. Yeah, absolutely. And JD Vance was dead on when he gave that speech in Europe about the Europeans. And you can tell he was right by how mad they got about it.

(46m 7s):
Yeah. I mean, when you point out this ludicrous that you wouldn't even really believe that these things are true. But people being arrested in England of all places, if you want to think about the Western culture, the know the United Kingdom, England, London, England of all places, somebody getting arrested for praying silently on the street that is truly being praying silently to himself to herself. It was a, it was a, a middle-aged woman that that is truly a thought crime. There's no other way to describe it. We do not like what's going through your mind. Yeah. And therefore we're going to arrest you. I I in England of all things I know. And then when you pointed it out to them, the Europeans go, how dare you.

(46m 50s):
Well maybe stop acting like au author authoritarian autocrats The country that gave us the Magna Cargo. Yes, yes. Yeah. I mean, Georgia Orwell could scarcely think of things more scary than this. Yes. Yeah, for sure. Okay, before we let you go, Tim Murtaugh, I know there's one other thing that you're very focused on And it has to do with Joe Biden and, and the threat that he poses that he did pose as president, and now we have the long tails of it to medication in the United States. Can you tell me what, what the Biden pill penalty is? What is this? Yeah, it's called the Biden pill penalty. And it was, it was something that Biden and the Democrats inserted into the Inflation Reduction Act. And what it does is it punishes the development of new pill form medicine.

(47m 35s):
You know, like, and, and they did this with zero Republican votes, by the way. Not a single Republican voted for this. And you know what Democrats love to do? They love to pick winners and losers and they like to use legislation to try to coerce people to behave certain ways or they try to discourage certain behavior. So they, they, they chose to favor one class of medicines over another class. They liked what are called the large molecule medicines were called biologics, which are basically IV drugs, mostly things that you have to go to the hospital to get, to get through through an injection of some sort. They favored those and, and the government price controls don't set in for them for a while, but they made the price controls sooner for pill form medicine, what are called small molecule drugs.

(48m 18s):
And they're called small molecules because they can cross the blood brain barrier, which means that they can be used to treat mental health issues or Alzheimer's. And also, of course we're talking about cancer drugs as well. So that, what that means is they favored the large molecule over pills. That means all of the research and development dollars are flooding away from pill medicines. 70% of the research dollars since this was introduced in 2021, have vanished from pill form medicine and they've gone somewhere else, either to the large molecule ones the biologic or Yeah. Even out of the medicinal field, like to AI or, or, or to oil or something like that. And the University of Chicago, not some fly by night school here did a study.

(49m 2s):
And what this has resulted in, in just the last four years since this came about is that 188 different, either new drugs and cures or applications of existing drugs went undiscovered because of the Biden pill penalty. And that translates into 116 million life years lost off the life expectancies of Americans who are alive today. That like are they talking about have you lost years off of your life or me or my family or your family? It's because things are not being discovered. There are new breakthroughs. Pills are the most affordable, most comfortable thing people can get them. Conveniently, instead of what they're doing is forcing people not to get the drugs they need, not to have the drugs discovered that they need and force them into much more expensive things.

(49m 48s):
It's bad for the entire healthcare system and makes everything more expensive. Yeah. All with zero zero Republican votes, the Biden Congress can fix this in budget reconciliation. They can. Okay. So this would be the critical moment for them to consider it. And, but here's the thing, it's like the government, every time it's put, its its big fat hands into the medical system. It's gotten more expensive and less healthy. That's just been, that's been the trend. You know, people are, are suffering from these chronic diseases. This is why RFK junior's in now this is why the president hired him to, to take care of this because things have not improved yet. We spend more money on it than anything else. Yeah, that's exactly right. And and it's the way that they do it, like, like the Green New Deal, it's kind of a parallel to that. They force everything. They, they use the power of government to try to force everything towards a certain direction.

(50m 32s):
And their, their purported purpose is, oh, we're going to do this to help the energy industry. When of course all it does is wreck it. Yeah. And you know what this, it has also, it, this also affects costs in medicines too, because there's no motivation for companies to get in early with generic forms of medicine. And so it doesn't drive down the cost of pills that way. You, I mean, if you remember Lipitor with the car cholesterol drug now with generics in there, you can get your cholesterol drugs for, for pennies really because of generics. This discourages generics from entering the market. Yeah. So it, it, it, it raises costs for consumers. It hurts the entire industry And it puts off people treating things that could be treated with pills until they need something major down the road, which is massively expensive.

(51m 14s):
And, and you know what? We actually need the medicine fix. We actually need, we need pharmaceuticals made in the United States. Again, no more buying from China. 90% of the generics that you just referenced either come from China or India. Enough, enough. Bring it back to America. So A lot of, well, Biden Biden is hindering all of that. Yeah. Big time. And still we're still living with the consequences, unfortunately. Yeah. He's, he's still, he's reaching back from his political grave from The grave or his real grave, who knows. Well, Tim Murtaugh, thank you very much. Really nice to talk to you today. Thank you for all of your wisdom on this subject, subject. So much else And well done for you. You're doing a great job. Thank you Tim. Great to talk to you. Thanks. This is a great Tim Murtaugh former comms director for the, for the Trump campaign.

(51m 54s):
Nice to chat with him today. The chat appreciative of Tim's contributions here. The guy's versatile. He, he's covered everything for us today. Hey, let me, let me share some great stuff with you. I, I really, before we close today, I do have to share some hilarious moments from the news cycle in the last 24 hours. Lemme start with cut five. This is Chris Matthews. Chris Matthews was on Morning Joe yesterday talking about Trump's tariffs. And he said, this is crazy what's happening. We We were just talking with Tim Murtaugh about Canada. Matthews is saying, Hey, this is crazy that Trump is imposing tariffs on places like Canada. What's gonna happen if we can't get Canadian love lumber?

(52m 34s):
What is America? Just gonna make wood. Listen to Chris Matthews, who's apparently unfamiliar with something called trees. But there's other thing I watched on the evening news last night, one of the other networks, and I watched the issue of lumber. Now you see, we get so much of our lumber, our two by fours from ch from Canada. What's where we get it from? Canada. We got our newsprint from up there for newspapers. The fact is, we get it. What are we gonna do? Have more lumber made in the United States? Now? What is our plan now? Oh, we're not gonna import wood, so we're gonna make more wood. We're gonna create more wood. Is that it? I don't think we're in a position to simply re replicate the imports coming into this country with our own products.

(53m 15s):
They can't always be done. And I think if a wood's example of that wood, are we gonna make more wood in this country because of our trade deal? I don't think so. Where does he think wood comes from? Where does Chris Matthews think that wood comes from? Does he, what does he, does he think that there are like, you know, like Elvin creatures, fairies or something who are just conjuring wood up in Canada? What, what does he think this is wood comes from, I, I hate to break it to you, Chris. It comes from trees. We have entire states that are covered in trees. And by the way, in the United States, we have had a flourishing lumber industry.

(53m 55s):
And the president has been saying, we need to bring that back. We need to bring that back for sure. And we need American jobs to thrive. Why are we importing everything from Canada? So that's a very reasonable concern. And Chris Matthews seems to be shocked. He doesn't even, he's not even aware where wood comes from. He thinks that we need to make wood. The the wood is God takes care of that. That's the, those are the trees. Chris Matthews, Chris Matthews. Wasn't he fired by M-S-N-B-C? Why are they still having him on? What is going on over there? Okay, here's another one for you. This is from the, the rival left-wing net network. CNN. They had a town hall last night.

(54m 35s):
Not with anybody important No, with, with Bernie flipping Sanders. And it included this really hilarious moment. Watch this Back with Senator Bernie Sanders. I want to introduce Grace Thomas. She's a local civil rights attorney. She's a democrat, grace, It's they and pronouns, actually. Thank you. Oh, the evening. Senator Sanders polling and turnout data indicate that men of all racial demographics are turning away from the Democratic party. But of course, Anderson Cooper says, what does he say? She's a civil rights attorney or whatever. And a, a person is clearly, a woman says, it's they them pronouns.

(55m 17s):
Actually, you see Bernie's face after that. Bernie leaned in. He is like, like he was observing her. Like, that's a woman. I'm pretty sure that's a woman. That's Bernie's reaction. That is hilarious. I love that. The pronouns. I wonder why they, these, this, they do this, this town hall. And you get this woman on there who's just one of these like typical left wing, middle aged white lady le lefty scolds, who's like, oh, it's they them pronouns. Now you're a woman. It's, you can't compel your language on anybody else. And Anderson Cooper and Bernie Sanders sat there and they took it.

(55m 58s):
They took it. They were just like, oh, okay. Whatever you want. Oh, how pathetic. How pathetic is that? The White House isn't taking it. You see the White House, how they're handling pronouns. This is great. The White House has made an announcement that if any reporter includes pronouns in their signature, when they email in the request for comment, take a look at this. Do Not Respond. Trump Press Secretary confirms they ignore reporters with pronouns in their email signatures. How fun is that? President Trump's press secretary Caroline Levitt, confirmed to a New York Times reporter that it is administration policy for officials to Not Respond to any individuals, any reporters who have pronouns in their email.

(56m 48s):
According to the Times, Trump administration officials have repeatedly ignored their reporters' requests for comment because they have pronouns in their email signatures alongside Levitt. Katie Miller, a senior advisor at the Department of Government Efficiency, declined to answer another New York time reporter's email after they reportedly included their pronouns in their signature quote. As a matter of policy, I don't respond to people who use pronouns in their signatures as it shows they ignore scientific realities and therefore ignore facts. Miller responded According to the New York Times, this, this applies to all reporters who have pronouns in their signature. Miller continued in a separate email, so wonderful and well earned the New York Times, putting pronouns in their signatures, and now not getting responses from the Trump administration.

(57m 37s):
But if you admit in an email that you are not a fact-based per person, why should I treat you as a reporter who's looking to get to the truth? If your signature includes lies, in what world would I believe that you are going to accurately purvey whatever it is that I'm about to share with you if I respond to you? So of course, if you declare that you're a liar in an email when you request comment, well then I have no incentive to respond to you. You're not gonna tell the truth. You lied to me in this email. Amazing. So that's the Caroline Levitt's response. And, and, and it's a great policy. I love that the White House reminding everybody that facts matter.

(58m 18s):
Facts really matter. Finally, I wanna end with this. I asked you earlier this week whether or not there would be an enterprising reporter who would chase down Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and ask her, do you still own your Tesla? Cut 11 a OC chase down by a great reporter called Nicholas Ballas, who asks her straight up, do you still own the Tesla? Listen to her answer. I Wanna ask you real quick, do you see a connection at all between the rhetoric we're hearing from Democrats on Musk and Tesla connection to the violence at all? What's happening on the streets to Tesla dealerships? Yeah, I mean, again, like I've, I've seen Republicans call me communists and I hate this country.

(59m 0s):
I mean, It's like, it's, Well, those things are true. Congresswoman, do you still have your Tesla? Pardon? I was just wondering if you still have your Tesla slip for security Visa? I'm not. I'm not For security reasons. I'm not commenting. She says for security. So what is that chat? What is that answer? Is that a yes or a no? For security reasons, I'm not commenting on whether I own the Tesla. Is that a yes or a no? That's a yes. That's a yes. She still has it. Yes, she definitely does. You know, for security reasons, she can't answer that. You know, she's scared of, she doesn't want her neighbors to poop on it.

(59m 43s):
She's got the Tesla. We have to vandalize it. Great to have you with us today. We'll keep tracking A OC and her ridiculousness and everything else going on in the world. Another great episode of VINCE Steven Crowder. Up next. I.