
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host. Dan. Bonino. Oh my gosh. I have begged people over and over. Not you because you're smart. Your P one listeners, you guys have read in on the program campaign. Okay, I'm, let's gonna throw it out to the chat right away. Let's just get this outta the way right from the start. What are political campaigns measured by? There are two things, or only two things. You think there's a third thing You need to go find a different show. What are they? Yep. Snapshots and soundbites. That's it.


I cannot believe how many suckers, again, are willingly falling into the media trap. It was sounding victory for a ka. Yeah, sure, sure it was. She was awesome. If it was such a resounding victory. Let me just ask you, why are the betting markets where people's money is at stake their actual money? Why are the betting markets not changed at all? Why is the overnight polling not moved much at all? I, I thought she, she won. I thought you, you said she won a, B, C News told you she won.


Where are all the terrific snapshots and why aren't there any sound bites? Why isn't the left wing media sitting out there pumping out this one big Russia? They want their policy back. Well, why aren't they doing that? Well, your boy, Danny B is here to clean up the mess for them and show you what really happened. Bottom line up front. Was it a resounding victory for President Trump measuring a win by if we're moving the polls, I'd say no. Was it a push? Absolutely not. Do I sincerely, objectively believe as objectively as I can, that Donald Trump comes out tonight on top?


Because at best it was a push. I do, and I've always got receipts to back it up. Please don't fall in the left wing messaging trap.


Hey, you heard me talk about Beam every week. Get it now, man. Did I need this last night? Stop delaying the stuff changed my life. They're offering their largest discount at shop Beam b eam.com/ Bonino. Use code Bonino.


Big show for you today. Got some highlights, some low lights, and I'm gonna give you the skinny on why the snapshots and soundbites theory of politics, which is absolutely the only way to view this through that lens. Trust me, Trump did just fine.


Hey, going online without ExpressVPN is like using your smartphone without a protective case. Most of the time, you're probably okay, but all it takes is one accidental drop onto a solid concrete service and you wish you'd protected your phone, right? Every time you connect to an unencrypted network, your online data's not secured. Any hacker on that same network can gain access to and steal your personal data. Doesn't even take a lot of technical knowledge to hack someone your data's valuable. Express VPN creates a secure encrypted tunnel between your device and the internet. So hackers can't steal your sensitive data. It take a hacker with a supercomputer over a billion years to get past express VPN's encryption. It's easy to use. You just fire up the app and you click one button to get protected. And it works on all devices. You can stay secure on the GOP. folks, it matters to me. I don't want anyone watching what I'm up to 'cause it's none of their business, especially the government. Use ExpressVPN. Secure your privacy and online data today. Go to ExpressVPN dot com slash Bonino. That's ExpressVPN dot com slash Bonino. You can get an extra three months free ExpressVPN dot com slash Bonino.


All right, fellas, let's get this party start. Oh, okay. I'm gonna repeat this again. I can already see some of it in the chat too, so I I can, I can already predict it. Someone's gonna be like, oh, come on then. We, we, we lost this. How, how, how, how do you measure that? No. How do you measure that? If, if you, and if you sincerely believe that in my chat, I'm right here looking at it anyway, Elizabeth, we got, oh, big Suzanne, cash Jack, all you got. We love all you guys. And I know you guys are home team, but if anyone in the chat believes me lost produce a receipt, show me your evidence. What do you mean no, no. CBS said he lost in CNN. Oh, okay.


Disregarding political communist propaganda prop specialists. Who do you trust that actually told you no. My uncle Tony called and he's a Trump supporter and said he could have done better. Did your Uncle Tony change his vote? No, he didn't. Okay, so how did we lose Uncle Tony? We didn't. He's just upset at how the debate turned out. Okay. I'm upset about a lot of things. The fact that Trump had a debate, three people really pissed me off. It doesn't change my vote. You measure a win in a political race. By what? By freaking votes. Did someone change a vote? Do you know anyone last night who watched the debate? Anyone who's a Trump supporter who changed their mind?


Well, Dan, what about all the independents who haven't yet decided on Donald Trump? Folks, you really believe Kamala Harris changed their mind last night. Where are the snapshots and soundbites? Now I can tell you an email I got from a friend who got this from another friend who was really annoyed at all the Kamala Harris faces and the a kamala's brat looks and the, let me pretend. I'm a deep thinker where she looks so phony and fake. I can tell you I've seen some of those. When I tell you campaigns are about pictures and sound bites, snapshots and sound bites. Everybody always forgets the snapshots part.


Do not fall in the trap. I just took this one screenshot. I was working out this morning, quick one. Did some back and some chest stuff this morning. Had to get up, jumped in the cold plunge, got ready to rock and roll. It took me all of 30 seconds to pull this picture up. All I did was take a screenshot. If you go to your phone, play any video of Kamala Harris and just keep hitting the screenshot button the buttons and looking through them. This is all you're gonna get. Folks. Do you realize she came off so obnoxious?


And think about it. Put yourself in America's shoes. This is why the betting markets didn't change today. Show me your evidence. Trump won. Oh, the betting markets flip. Pollsters are freaking out. Even left wing pollsters are like, ah, she didn't really do much to move the needle. Well, if Trump's ahead and she does nothing to move the needle, then please freaking tell me how she won to the bait. This is such a sucker's trap, man. I can't believe people are falling for this. She looked obnoxious the entire night. Imagine you are an American out there. You're getting ready to eat cat food because you can't afford a meal because of the Biden Harris economic regime that has put you under the story that came out yesterday.


An economic story. Real wages are down dramatically. They were higher in the Trump years. Usually, as time goes on, people get richer, not poor. I'll cover the article on Friday. There's no podcast tomorrow. Radio show Avita will cover. 'cause I gotta travel back. I'm going to Tulsa today to do this show. Okay folks, real wages are down. It's four years later and you are poorer. You are sitting there getting ready to eat a bowl of cat food 'cause you can't afford food. And you got Kamala Harris going. You really believe the snapshots portion, man, I'll bet she's begging.


She can take that split screen back, do the test, go on there and just hit the screenshot button. You can delete the pictures later. Every millisecond. She's got some smug look on her face like she's done. You right. And you're too stupid to know it. She won. You know how many suckers fell for this? By the way, Trump lost. I say he debated three liberals, three liberals. When the topic of conversation the next day is how the Republican candidate for president had to debate three liberals who bullshitted the entire time. Here's a hint, folks, you didn't win Kamala.


Harris won nothing last night at at best. At best. It was a push. And that's bullshit. It wasn't a push. I'm telling you, Trump won. Now I addressed the snapshots. They were terrible. They were absolutely terrible. But ladies and gentlemen, didn't you notice something today? Sorry, need some blackout? Didn't you notice the media doesn't have that Obama, MIT, Romney, Russia call? They want their policy back moment. Why? Why is that? I thought she won. Where's the big soundbite? You'll see them occasionally throw in a few things around and peppering it.


But all the moments the left wing media is telling you she quote won. You don't find it odd that these things haven't gone viral. Slay, queen, go brat. Why anyone in the chat know? Because the media's afraid to put the clips out there because she lied about every single one. She bullshitted people on every one of 'em, man. So the media is afraid to put 'em out there 'cause they don't wanna get community noted on X and they don't wanna get fact checked by conservatives and they don't want people to go look it up. Come on man. I don't mean to sound like a dick here.


I'm just telling you the people out there convinced I'm even seeing it with some conservatives. Oh my gosh, drew Kamala last night saved their campaign. How? Based on what everything she told you was a lie. I want you to watch this clip from Fox and Friends this morning. Donald Trump calls in Fox and Friends. Here's exactly what I'm talking about. And let me say in advance, no serious Republican, I'm not talking about the National Review crowd and the dispatch. Those guys are, you know, communists and stuff. I'm not talking about them. I'm talking about serious Republicans who wanna save the country. No serious Republican should ever go on A, B, C.


Again, you shouldn't After what they pulled last night, it should be an absolute boycott of A, B, C. They wanna do communist stuff. Let them do communist stuff on the, here's Trump and Fox and friends addressing how Trump was debating essentially three people yesterday. Three, check this out. 100% of the stories covered on A, B, c about Kamala 100% of the time was positive. 93% of the time when they covered you, it was negative So. it was infuriating to watch them fact check you and not her. When she brought up IVF when she brought up project 2025 several times, and when she brought up Charlottesville, here are some of the lies that she said about you.


Listen, A detailed and dangerous plan called Project 2025 that the former president intends on implementing couples who pray and, and, and, and dream of having a family are being denied IVF treatments. If Donald Trump were to be reelected, he will sign a national abortion ban. And what did the president then at the time say? There were fine people on each side on that day, 140 law enforcement officers were injured and some died. Donald Trump, the candidate has said in this election there will be a bloodbath if this and the outcome of this election is not to his liking.


And the blood bath, you were talking about the economy. It's a term that's used a lot when people are talking about a bad economy. That's what's your reaction to That's right. That's why didn't the moderators correct her? Because they're dishonest and because I think a b, C took a big hit last night. I mean, to be honest, they're a news organization. They have to be licensed to do it. Hey, I'm sorry I forgot something and it's shame on me of all things. It is September 11th folks, shame on me. Really? When I make a mistake, I gotta tell you, all this stuff is important, but it's not as important as acknowledging all the lives lost that day.


The civilians lost the firefighters police officers, EMS people who died later on from nine 11 related injuries. I I I'm just, I was fired up and that's on me. I just thought of that. I'm like, what are you, what are you doing? September 11th in the holidays, the one day I don't tweet out my worst vice president and president of the United States. So that's on me. So I just want to take a moment to let you know that I was having been an agent that day and watching it from what happened outside of New York and then getting in there that night. It was, I can't believe that that's, so, I'm really sorry about that.


But getting back to the show, okay, this content, folks, please do not buy this narrative that he won, that she won, she did not win. He was debating three liberals. Everything she said was a lie. I want you to understand campaigns are two things. I promise you, if you don't understand it, you are gonna lose. There is a reason the media in 2016 put headlines up. There's a Washington Post headline Trump's chances of winning or approaching zero. They did the same thing when Hillary debated Trump cleaned his clock. Man, this guy's finished.


He has no chance. And I asked the same question back then. Go back and listen. How in fact do you measure a win? How do you measure a win? It's clear in sports you finish with more points than the other guy. Correct? Nobody cares about moral victories. Did you win the freaking game or not? If she won and scored more points, then why isn't it showing up in the w column in the betting markets for anywhere else? The answer is she didn't. If you are undecided and leaning either way and you watch last night's debate, you're either still undecided or you're thinking to myself, wow, I really can't stand her. And my gosh, those two moderators, they were going after him like they were debating him.


Nothing she said was true, folks, the sound bites were all bullshit. The fine people hoax the bloodbath hoax Kamala, him, implying she was at the capitol on January 6th. She was not at the capitol on January 6th. She left at 1120 in the morning, the breach of the Capitol capital two o'clock. She wasn't there. Why didn't they fact check any of that snapshots and soundbites, please, in the name of everything, that's good. Stop believing bullshit. I warned you about this yesterday.


Kamala Harris, all she had to do was show up, breathe and lie. And the communists at a b, C are gonna do everything they can to make sure Trump's running uphill while she's rolling a boulder downhill. And that's what happened. Why would anybody fall in this trap? You should be celebrating today. Everything we've heard from all the people who told us in the past Trump's finish. Trump's finish has been wrong. Who's been right? Your boy Danny B. And by the way, thank you for a massive, massive, massive audience last night, 349,000 people.


My I, we were blown away. Our biggest audience ever with flames came out last night. But that's because you knew we were gonna give you honest coverage. I wanna play this clip as Senator Ted Cruz because he nails it too. The reason the media is not giving you the soundbite we get in every debate, every single debate KO, for the policy back because you'd be in jail. I'm not gonna comment on my opponent's age. Every debate has one. George W. George HW looking at his watch, every debate has the moment. Why haven't you seen it from Kamala Harris if she won so convincingly, Cruz nails it right here because every time she was given a question about her flip flops, are you better off than you were four years ago?


Every time she was asked a question about fracking, she never answered. She did one of two things, she lied about it or two she just didn't answer. So nobody, these liberals who are claiming she kicked ass don't have a single moment they can point to of an actual ass kicking 'cause they're afraid people are gonna go Look it up. Here's Cruz on this, check this out. Listen, I gotta say tonight what what Kamala demonstrated is, number one, she cannot defend her disastrous record. Her record is an absolute train wreck. So instead what she did, what we saw tonight in this quote debate was her repeating memorized set pieces from her stump speech and from her convention speech.


The very opening question, the most important question in any election, are you better off now than you were four years ago? She refused to answer that because she couldn't answer that because nobody, unless you are a Mexican drug, Lord, nobody else is better off than they were four years ago. That is probably the best analysis of, oh, look at that. Thank you Ken. Look at damn bunch. You don't show five. Look at it. We beat the Wall Street Journal, Fox News, CNN. It's insane. M-S-N-B-C barely, barely eed out a win with billions of dollars in money in budget. We filmed this thing out of a tiny studio. I can't even tell you where it is. You'd be disappointed folks. That's the best analysis of what happened.


I've heard yet outside of this show, present company, excluded. Kidding. I'm not that much of an egomaniac. It's a joke. She either lied or didn't answer the question. Actually, I'm not kidding. I'm making up. I that's what she did. Have you not asked yourself that? I'm, I'm still, I've been scrolling through the chat going backwards in the chat. I'm reading. I love reading your comments and I'm still stunned how many people are here really believe no matter what I say, are somehow convinced that the C-B-S-A-B-C-C and and M-S-N-B-C narrative that Kamala performed so well last night is real. Why would you think that? Do you understand? These are the same people just three weeks ago, guys, am I wrong?


Who told you Kamala was Obama part two? It was gonna be a blowout. The phenomenon was real. And then you realize the push poll stopped and that she didn't move a single bit. And people still think she sucks. I Why would you not trust me? I promise you, if I thought last night was a net negative, I would tell you I'm not here to kiss anybody's ass. You'll remember this. Show it at best. At best. It was a push, which is a win for Trump. This is why she wouldn't answer the questions. By the way, when asked simple questions about inflation, are you better off?


What about fracking? She knows she's a communist leftist on the economy. She knows it. She knows her. And Biden wrecked your wallet, wrecked the gas budget you have every month. She knows it. You think last night was a big win for her lefties. Explain this. Here's an undecided voter on CNN. I did this on purpose, not a Fox News panel. So if CNN's doing it, you could be sure it's probably an undecided voter leaning in the left direction. Listen to what this undecided voter have to say. Had to say and tell me again. This wasn't a win for Trump because it was, take a look.


We're actually going to make our country better and we're in an incredibly unique situation where we've had both of the candidates in office before and we've gotten to see what they would do and when facts come to facts, my life was better when Trump was in office. The economy was higher, inflation was lower, things were better overall. And now with Kamala's administration, things haven't been so fantastic. And she's saying she can fix the problems that her administration has caused, but I just don't know if I can afford to take that risk. And you really believe someone who is terrified of more inflation, potential starvation, losing their job.


You really believe Kamala Harris changed their mind last night because she had a kamala's brat moment like this. You really believe that? It's almost hilarious that people would fall for that trap. I'm not here to be cute, man. I'm here to tell you the truth. And in case you think that's just one single panel, it happened on another liberal network too. If it was such a huge win, how come the undecided voters on their network are like, eh, I'm not so sure. You are strongly discounting the fact that American voters are not stupid. They know the ones that are gonna show up and are politically active. That Kamala Harris is the vice president.


Now while they're suffering, they know that. What do you think? They're dumb. You think her doing this and this changed anyone and then lying about the fine people hoax. I'll show you another one in a second. Let me take a quick break here. And again, seriously, thanks again for last night. I really appreciate it. You guys and ladies are the best audience in the business.


Hey, many Americans are tired and frustrated by a stalling economy, inflation, endless wars, and the relentless assault on our values. Thankfully there's companies like Patriot Mobile that still believe in America and our rights. I'm proud to partner with Patriot Mobile 'cause we're on the front lines fighting for our rights, the sanctity of life and our military and first responder heroes take a stand for conservative causes. Put America first. By switching to Patriot Mobile today you get the same nationwide coverage as the big providers. Because Patriot Mobile operates across all three major networks. Plus they back their service with a coverage guarantee. How about that? The 100% US based customer service team will find the best plan for your needs. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. Go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Do it now and you'll get a free month when you sign up and use the offer code. Dan, don't be fooled by other providers pretending to share your values of the same coverage. They don't and they can't join me. Switch to America's only Christian conservative mobile provider, Patriot Mobile. Go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month of service today. Thanks Patriot Mobile.


Here's another panel on CBS to put everyone out there strongly at ease that the soundbites and snapshots did not favor Kamala Harris and will not, I assure you. Here's a CBS panel with another undecided voter asking the same question. She's been in charge in the Biden Harris regime for three and a half years. All the stuff she said she was gonna do about an opportunity economy. How come there's no opportunity? Check this out. She just basically repeated everything that Biden has said in the past. What were your thoughts she made?


Donald Trump made a strong closing statement by saying why didn't they do all the things that she's proposing during the three and a half years that they've been in the office? Ladies and gentlemen, you read a good book, right? What do you remember most about the book? If it's really great, you remember the ending Donald Trump's closing statement was his best portion of the night. Listen, I'm not here to tell you he couldn't have answered questions. Better anyone who's ever been in a debate, me included, although not on that kind of a stage, but a lot of debates between my Senate and congressional, a lot congressional races.


You always walk out of a debate going, darn it, I forgot about that. One thing about the water and that other, the water's a big issue in Florida. And there was one where I was like, damnit, I should have just been more specific. There is zero debt. Kamala Harris team, by the way, is doing the same thing. It's your, if you, your critique is Trump should have done X better. Let me just get this out of advance. You are correct. Everybody. Kamala Harris's team is doing the same thing. That's not the point. The point is, how do you measure the W if people are gonna change their mind? These are liberal shows when undecided voters going, eh, I don't know. I've been living under Kamala Harris' crap economy for three and a half years.


And Donald Trump reminded me of that at the end. His closing statement was fantastic. His closing statement that, listen, you've been in charge and everything sucks. And matter of fact, you've adopted some of my policy so much. So I'll give you a MAGA hat is what everyone's gonna remember. That's the line of the debate, snapshots and soundbites. Here's another reason. This thing broke very badly for Kamala Harris last night. It confirmed what the overwhelming majority of Americans know. Look at any poll, the liberal media are communist hacks. They are not journalists. They should never be taken seriously.


The assumption should be everything they tell you is a lie. You will be right the majority of the time. They are nothing more than every day average bullshit artist hoaxster in, you know, 1980s times square, selling you a fake Rolex. That's all they are. These people are losers, zeroes and canoes. They've always been. I want you to watch the moderator slash debater last night from a, b, c with a fake fact check on abortion. She's what she says here is absolutely wrong. so that she almost has to Trump now has to decide, do I debate this freaking idiot who just said something absolutely factually inaccurate?


Or do I abate, do I debate the other idiot To my left? He was debating three people last night. Watch this fact check on abortion. That is 100% false. Check this out. The Supreme Court had great courage in doing it. And I give tremendous credit to those six justices. There is no state in this country where it is legal to kill a baby after it's born. Madam Vice president wanna get your response to President Trump? Okay, that lady's that dipshit who could have done five seconds of research and found out that not only is there a state where this happens, but it's actually Kamala Harris's running made state tampon. Tim Walls daily signal under Governor Tim Walls, babies born alive and botched.


Abortions were left to die. Then he removed the reporting requirements. You see this is A, B, C Oh yeah, Kamala Harris wood, who such a, such a, such a resounding victory. Yeah, there, sorry, everything's backwards. There he is. Tampon Tim to the rescue again. She just made that up. So Donald Trump has to debate three class a morons, two fake news journalists who lied their way through the whole debate, running interference for Kamala Harris and Kamala Harris too. She lies about every answer and refuses to provide an answer or lies about an answer.


Never gives one concrete answer the whole night. And you're gonna sit here and tell me that she, she somehow comes out of this on top. If you're an undecided voter, please a hard pass brother. Now, if you watched the show last night, our coverage, again, thank you for being there. I wanna show you who the Democrats really are. I'm gonna show this to, what's her name, Lindsay something at a BC. Remember, I don't even know her. She's such an irrelevant, I only know David Muer, Muer Muer, whatever the hell his name is, because he's another fake news loser dipshit I've seen around forever who should have never ever been. He's not, he's an opinion guy. He's not a serious guy.


He's a conspiracy theorist. So this other lady is a complete wackadoodle, okay? I said last night as she was running cover for the Democrats that not only want abortion up until birth, but are protecting, protecting the right to kill babies after birth. You just saw the headline in the, in the Daily Signal. Here is a Virginia delegate. This is actual video I played in the show. This is from years ago. This was around that whole Ralph Northam Let the baby comfortably die on the table. And remember that here's a Virginia delegate arguing for exactly what this dip shit at a b, C said is never happening.


Here's video and audio. Take a listen. So how late in the third trimester would you be able to do to do that? You know, I, it's very unfortunate that the, our physicians witnesses were not able to attend today. To speak specifically. No, I'm talking about your bill. How, how, how late, how late in the third trimester could a physician perform an abortion if he indicated it would impair the mental health of the, of the woman Or physical health. Okay. Okay. I'm I'm talking about the mental health. So I mean, through the third trimester. The third trimester goes all the way up to 40 weeks. Okay, but to the end of the third trimester. Yep. I Don't think we have a limit in the bill. So where it's obvious that a woman is about to give birth, she has physical signs of that, she's about to give a birth.


Would that still be a point at which she could request an abortion if she was so certified? She's dilating Mr. Chairman, that would be a, you know, a decision that the doctor, the physician, and the woman would make. I understand that. I'm asking if your bill allows that My bill would allow that. Yes. Thought. I, I I thought that's not what the, what the what the Democrats are are for dilating, like birthing, like born, like outside of the birth canal.


Can you kill the baby? Yes, my bill would allow that. That's not my words. That's hers. The Democrats gonna play that. Media matters. The liberals is the A, B, C, what's her name, Lindsay Goofball or whatever her name is. Whoever was the is is Lindsay gonna play that where it is To kill a baby after it's born. Madam vice president don't wanna give You response to go. That's really, are she gonna play that them Virginia Democrats arguing for that. What about Tim Walls and the eight babies who died left to die? What is she gonna play that? Is she gonna fact check herself here? Abortion laws by state. So we, because unfortunately you have to have real fact checks here. 'cause if those two morons last night were even pseudo journalists here, they would've known this here, there were eight states.


No defined limit on abortions at all. You can see the map at Axios right there. Oh, Dan Axios. Isn't that a right wing outlet? No, they're practically communists. There's the map. Does she not know this? The a, b, C debater, I mean moderator, I mean Debater. There you go. No defined limit. That's from Axios, the left wingers. Now let's get to some of the good news because the real sound bites in the debate, which is all that matters. All that matters. The sound bites in the snapshots belong to Trump, not Kamala. There's a reason you haven't seen them on the Kamala Harris side.


It's because she lied. And the media's afraid of getting community noted. That's why I'll get to those in a second. There were two moments that are gonna stand out. These are the only moments anyone's gonna remember. Last night was a win. Do not sweat it. Do not lose an ounce of sleep over this thing. If I, I'm telling you, if I was worried about it, I'd pass it on to you. Have I not done it before? And I'll do it again.


Hey, you're having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Listen, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. It's about the toll. Poor sleep can take on every aspect of your life, but there is hope on the horizon. It comes in the form of Beams Dream powder. It's been a game changer for me. See, when we're sleeping well we can be sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throws our way. And today my listeners get a special discount on Beams Dream Powder. Their science backed taco cocoa for sleep with no added sugar, better sleep has never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. But Dream Cont Dream contains a powerful all-natural blend of Reishi magnesium, L-theanine, apogen and melatonin to help you fall asleep, stay asleep and wake up Refresh. You wanna try Beam's Bestselling Dream Powder Beam is now offering Bonino listeners an exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash Bonino and use code Bonino at checkout. That's shop b eam.com/ Bonino. Use code Bonino for up to 45% off. Check it out. Get a good night's sleep.


And our last sponsor today is BrickHouse Nutrition. One of my favorite products folks, you listen. Short story, but I have really bad arthritis. So Doctor told me a while ago, I liked being bigger and stronger, but I'm gonna be 50 in December. He said, you gotta take some weight off. There is a huge amount of pressure on the joints you just can't handle anymore. So I talked to Miles over at Brickhouse, I said you guys got something in the pipeline. And about a year ago they sent me lean. I lost about 25, almost 30 pounds. LEAN Lean. The results are remarkable. Can personally vouch for 'em. The studied ingredients in lean have been shown to help lower your blood sugar, burn fat by converting it into energy and curb your appetite and cravings. Lean's not for the dieter with only a few pounds to lose. The doctors at BrickHouse. Nutrition created Lean for Frustrated Dieters with 10 or more pounds to lose. That was me. Let's get you started with 15% off in free rush shipping so you can add lean to your wellness and exercise plan. Visit take lean.com and enter code Dan 15. Dan one five for your discount. That's promo code Dan 15 at take LEA n.com. Take leann.com your statements of products not put evaluated by the FDA. Not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease. It's not a substitute or alternative to or or for or care for any healthcare provider. Thank you. Lean check it out. BrickHouse Nutrition.


Okay, back to the show. There were sound bites that are gonna stick last night. I promise you. Once the dust settles and the bullshit media narratives brush off, nobody takes media narratives seriously except people for looking. If you're looking for a reason to hate Trump, you'll take media narrative. Seriously. If you're looking to pick a candidate in the next election, you gaff 'em off. This one was one of his best moments, which is interesting 'cause I saw a bunch of anti-Trump lunatics. Again, like the national review type crowd, man, he should have hit this Afghanistan one out of the park. That's what happens when you write white papers and op-eds all the time. And you're not the plumber, the union worker out there, the HVAC guy, the administrative assistant.


You're not the airline attendant who's actually suffering, who's looking for a candidate with some strength. That's how the white paper people see it. That that was a, this was his, I think one of his best answers of the night. Here he is asked about the Doha agreement in Afghanistan and basically asked the critique, the Biden Harris dreadful deadly pullout from Afghanistan. Check this out. If you take a look at that period of time, the Taliban was killing our soldiers. A lot of 'em with snipers. And I got involved with the Taliban because the Taliban was doing the killing. That's the fighting force within Afghanistan.


They don't bother doing that because you know they deal with the wrong people all the time. But I got involved and Abdul is the head of the Taliban. He's still the head of the Taliban. And. I told Abdul, don't do it anymore. You do it anymore, you're gonna have problems. And he said, why do you send me a picture of my house? I said, you're gonna have to figure that out Abdul. And for 18 months we had nobody killed. Again. If you write white papers for a living and you don't actually live in the real world and use your fingers and your hands and your brain to manipulate objects to add value, fixing someone's toilet bowl, their circuit breaker, fixing their refrigerator, flying a plane, you g that off because that's now not how you would write it in your briefing book in your white paper for your other establishment swampy friends.


This is why these people always get Trump wrong every single time, every time. It's amazing. It is like, it it, it's like Lucy with the damn football from the peanuts. How many times before you can pull yourself outta your bubble and say, my gosh, there's something there I'm missing. Yes, obviously he was another great Trump soundbite last night talking about Kamala Harris, how he should get her a MAGA hat because her economy has been a disaster. The Biden Harris economy, his wasn't. And then everything she's trying to do to, so-called change from her is his idea.


Check this out. Have and policies like they have. I don't say her because she has no policy. Everything that she believed three years ago and four years ago is out the window. She's going To my philosophy now. In fact, I was gonna send her a MAGA hat. She's gone To my philosophy. But if she ever got elected, she'd change it and it will be the end of our country. She's a Marxist. Everybody knows she's a Marxist. Her father's a Marxist professor in economics and he taught her well. But when you look at what she's done to our country, and when you look at these millions and millions of people that are pouring into our country monthly where it's I believe 21 million people, not the 15 that people say And I think it's a lot higher than the 21 Folks.


Can you get a screenshot of that at the end? Why do you think I let that play again? The snapshots, do not disregard the photos people take in their minds. You know, we are visual creatures, okay, look at, yeah, thank you. Keep that there for a second. Keep that there. He's talking about how her policies have destroyed your life. You know it, you can see the prices going up in the grocery store, in the gas station And Policies. It's not the kind of thing you, oh gosh, if you're listening, you gotta watch this. They put a bag of hat on her folks, you know it. It's not like they're talking about a corporate tax hike.


You only feel through secondary economic effects. Everything Kamala Harris has done has kicked you in the freaking balls. Everything. And he's talking about it, how she's stealing his ideas and she's sitting there with this snobby, snooty look on like, how dare you question me. Who told her to do that? Mental imagery matters We're visual creatures. We're not dogs, we we're not bats that use echo location. Dogs can see obviously, but generally sniff the world. The world is different to them. We see the world, our optic nerve.


You don't think people notice that Have and policies like they have. I don't say her. This, this think there, there, there you go. You guys are killing it today. This is Kamala Harris last night. Imagine you are telling someone this passionate story. I gotta eat cat food, man, I'm outta money. My dog is dying. I need braces. I can't pay my mortgage. There's no job. And stone guy on the left, the thinkers that famous thinking said, and then Kamala, how does it, you think this was a win? Are you me bro? What planet do you live on? This was an epic l on the snapshots front. The only reason she barely saved her, sorry, campaign barely is because the snapshots were terrible.


But the soundbites, the media provided for her, that's it. This is an honorary mention Of course. You guys got this one. I forgot to throw this one in there too. He was another epic Trump soundbite last night that I'm telling you this is the only thing people are gonna remember are the Trump soundbites because they gotta hide Kamala check This one out. She doesn't have a plan. She copied Biden's plan and it's like four sentences, like run spot run four sentences that are just, oh, we'll try and lower taxes. She doesn't have a plan. Take a look at her plan. She doesn't have a plan. Again, did you notice they didn't fact check Kamala Harris on what Trump just said?


Now I, I don't know how read in on, I know you guys are pretty read in on politics, but there's levels of wonker. I don't know if you understand what he was saying. What he's saying there is factually literally true. They sourced the code from Kamala Harris's new issues page that she just decided to put up and they found out she just copied and pasted it from Biden. So if you are happy with the Biden inflation riddled real wages down economy with shit jobs for Americans and a lot of illegal immigrants taking the jobs you're supposed to have. If you're happy with that, she, again, I hate literally, but I it's appropriate here.


She literally copied and pasted the issues page. It's interesting how they didn't fact check Kamala Harris on any of that. What Trump said is correct here for you swampy out there who don't believe anything unless you hear it on like Fox or in the Wall Street Journal or something like that. Here's Bill Hammer on Outnumbered talking about an actual journalist by the way, and a nice guy here he is on Outnumbered saying exactly what I just told you. They copied and pasted the whole thing. You want more of Biden vote for Harris take a look like what Did you do during that time? And she's trying to get that separation from Biden. I don't know how you can do it.


I mean Michael Tyler said this is her vision. Well, how different is her vision from his, when you're cutting and pasting for the website, it's, it's a great, If you like what's happening. Yes, Kamala won last night. I, I'm not gonna lie to you, if you are the 40% of America Democrats, liberals, crazies, progressives, communists, whatever euphemism for collectivism you wanna use, if you are part of that, 40% of lunatics who think the country's in a great place right now, then yes, Kamala won last night. I'm not gonna argue with you. She did. What communists do lie to stay in power and in abuse power to take away your assets, your kids' education and your healthcare.


There's about 40% of America including the media that wants the place to be destroyed. So for them, yeah, Kamala Harris won. If you want more of Joe Biden then vote. Kamala Harris. They copied and pasted the freaking issues. What more do you need to hear folks? Why did Trump keep bringing up the border last night? He kept bringing up the border last night because he was smart and he was very tactical in his answers. Could he have been tighter? Could he have had better zingers And one-liners? We can argue about this all day. It's silly. You can always do that.


I've actually been in debates, a ton of 'em. I can't say this enough. Not a single candidate walks out of a debate. Even Trump out of the Biden debate where every, everybody acknowledges he won. I guarantee you he goes, yeah, I probably could have said that better. Fine. It's not the point. What he did last night was very tactical and his debating skills are frequently underestimated. His negatives are highlighted, but his positives are ignored by the swampy. I'm not talking about the libs. They hate 'em. Anyway, he did something smart last night. He brought every single answer, brought it right back to immigration because he knows Americans in cities around the country cannot take it anymore. They are bursting at the seams with people here breaking the law.


And folks, let me tell you something, this isn't gonna help them one bit. It was a hearing on Capitol Hill. Did you see it? Democrat representative and just disgrace the humankind. Veronica Escobars talking to the parents of people who lost their kids to a legal immigrant crime, lost their kids. And instead of saying, thank you for being here, we're gonna do everything we can to stop this. She attacks them for being political pawns. Folks, this clips a little long. It's about a minute 20, but man, is it worth your time? 'cause let me tell you something. You wanna talk about a clip that went viral yesterday? This is the Democrats versus sane people in America right now on the immigration issue.


Trump highlighted last night, check this Out. It's happening today at this committee hearing where we have colleagues who are you exploiting people's pain for political purposes. And unfortunately that's what's happening today. I don't feel exploited in any way. As a matter of fact, I find it very interesting that all five minutes for both of your testimonies on the left have not had any questions for us up here. But instead of speech, And I will tell you, I'm getting tired of hearing about the most comprehensive border bill, which did nothing for immigration. I mean for American citizens. It's insulting that you would say that to these families that you would make an assumption that they're being used or exploited.


Anyway, you know what I will do is I'll give you my number. It's (281) 673-0736 And. I'd like a phone call from you to see what you can do to help these families. Because every single week I get bombarded with calls from victims all over the United States. But I'm just a small person with a small foundation that helps people here locally in Houston and Harris County. Not one time when her daughter was murdered, And I was helping her navigate the criminal justice. And that one Democrat call me to offer their assistance. It was only Republicans. And, I am an independent. I both, I vote both ways. Call you So. It's insulting. Call you. No, please don't speak over me 'cause I'm still talking. Okay, respond.


I'm done. I have the mic, I have the floor chair has I have the floor If you wanna answer me. You ask here has the Time and the witness is allowed to respond. No, I'm I'm asking, you said some very broad statements. It's insulting these people lost loved ones, they lost children. And we wanna see a difference. We may not understand everything that's going on, but I assure you that we're not being used in any way. And if two days somebody calls that number that wants to help from any side of the aisle, we want solutions Still think Trump bringing every answer back to immigration was somehow, somehow a loser. Did you watch the same debate folks?


These people lost their kids to a illegal immigrant crime. And the Democrats only response, make no mistake across the board, absent maybe one or two defectors at best up on Capitol Hill, across the board, is to attack the parents who lost their kids for actually speaking out about losing their kids to illegal immigrants. And to suggest that Americans commit crimes at a greater rate than illegals. That's their actual response. Man, you wanna vote Democrat? That is their actual response, please, in the name of all that's holy. Look it up. And don't take my word for it. You lost your kid to an illegal immigrant who broke the law coming to the United States and chose not to do it the right way like my wife did.


Their response is, kiss our ass. You political pawns sucker. And by the way, you dirty, filthy Americans commit more crimes than they do. That's their response. Imagine being Veronica Escobar today. You humiliating train wreck of a human being. How do you live with yourself, man? How do you live with yourself? Wanna play these one last series of cuts. This is the entire Kamala Harris campaign by the way. Summed up through her surrogates. You know, our commerce secretary, the absolutely hapless Gina Raimondo. what I gotta tell you, what do you wanna talk about? A stupid smart person.


She's a Rhode Scholar, she's an idiot. She is an idiot. Here she is yesterday in a cable news appearance. They're about to enact Kamala Harris if she wins the most destructive, unrealized capital gains tax hike, which will decimate the stock market and the housing market overnight over the metals market. Everything. And Gina Raimondo, the commerce secretary, who's a surrogate for Harris, is out there telling people, yeah, nobody really cares how they're gonna do it. They just want you to do it. No, okay, don't listen to me. Listen to her. That's What I think is most important. Like at the end of the day, I think Kamala Harris is being incredibly honest.


She knows she has to work with Congress. You know, Trump can throw out whatever he says about this tax policy, that tax policy. You actually have to get in there and work with Congress. You know, the minutiae, I don't think the American public are really interested in the minutiae of, you know, the mechanism of how she'll increase taxes on billionaires. You get it? You all are too stupid to figure out how an unrealized capital gain will work. Now keep in mind, this is Biden's Commerce Secretary. She's supposed to be some kind of genius who's basically saying, I'm so smart, I don't even need to explain to you how I'm gonna tax things You haven't even sold.


Imagine walking in the store and going, I want that Hershey bar. And you go, you know what? I changed my mind. I'm on a diet And. I go, ah, that'll be 8 cents for what? The tax. Yeah, but I didn't buy it. Well, you could've. That's what an unrealized sales capital gains tax is going to look like. But she says, don't worry, I am too smart for you idiots. Well, here's this genius again, Gina Raimondo and a clip just a couple weeks ago when they tell her about the Bureau of Labor and Statistics, a government entity called the BLS, which everyone knows about. They're telling her about the jobs numbers. This is the Commerce Secretary. She's like, I, I don't know what the BBL S is.


I don't know anything about it. Who's the real moron? Watch this. When You hear that, do you potentially think that this new numbers could be a liability for this campaign? No. When I hear that, first of all, I don't believe it because I have never heard Donald Trump say anything truthful. It is though from the Bureau of Labor. I don't, I don't not familiar with that. She's not familiar with the Bureau and Labor statistics. She's the freaking commerce secretary, bro. She's too smart though, to have to explain to you how they're gonna destroy the economy with an unrealized capital gains tax that'll bury the stock market. You're too stupid to figure it out. At least you know what the BBL S is. That sums up the entire Biden Harris regime.


I'm gonna sum this show up folks. I'm gonna be on the radio show today for the first hour. I have to travel. I have a commitment in Tulsa, an event with Tucker, and then I will be off here tomorrow. I will be back on Friday. Anita Groins, Bonino Army, spread the word. I will be back for the podcast on Friday at 11:00 AM and the radio. However, I had a commitment. I always stick To my word. I know it wasn't that time that great after the debate, but I say I'm gonna do something, I do it. So I will be heading out, but I'll be doing the first hour radio. So you're welcome to stay here on Rumble, but let me just leave you with this again. Last night was at best, at best, a push for Kamala Harris. And a push is a win for Donald Trump because he's ahead.


So if I'm ahead in a race and nobody gains ground and the rate of change doesn't change, I still win. Don't fall in the media trap. The sound bites were absolutely awful because she lied or didn't answer and that's why you haven't seen them. The snapshots were even worse. She came off arrogant. She came off like she doesn't care. And she came off completely obstinate that everything's going great and you should shut your mouth. Trust your brother, Dan. I'll never steer you wrong. You got me. See you on the radio show here in a little bit. And back here Friday at 11:00 AM Eastern Time for another banger of a live show. See you then. You Just heard the Dan Bongino Show.