
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. So lemme let you in on a dirty little secret about politicians who we're generally some of the worst people among us. I say generally because I hate to over generalize like liberals do. But if I were a bettman and I had a gun to my head and they said, listen man, you better make a decision on this. Politicians suck or don't suck. I'd have to say suck and I'd probably be right and I may live because I don't wanna get dead. That's the number one rule of the show. And as we know as well, cutesy time is way over. So we're not gonna, you know, we're not gonna sugarcoat any of this.


Some of these guys are just really, really, and women are really bad people. And I think we're seeing it right now with the Pete Hegseth thing. What's happening, this is a bigger story than Pete Heg said. The, if you, if you've been out of the loop for a while, the nominee by Donald Trump to be the Defense secretary. And the sabotage is coming from inside our own tent in the Republican party, notably from Joni Ernst, I'm gonna let you in on a secret if you follow me on ex Associated. We already know it. They absolutely hate you. Most politicians, and they definitely hate social media. But why? But why kids? Why do they hate social media?


They hate social media because they've been doing this stuff for a hundred years now, screwing over the people who vote them in. But there was almost no way for you to fight back. I mean, what were you gonna do? Call into Walter Cronkite if he didn't cover it. It didn't happen on the evening news. Now you got me Insurrection Barbie cat turd. You got Sarah. You got a bunch of people out there with big followings on Twitter who could say, look at this shit. And all of a sudden the heat comes on. You know, wrestling. WE with the heat. I was watching a thing about Vince McMahon, how people couldn't stand a Mr.


McMahon character 'cause he brought the heat. Well you bring the heat too and they hate it. Big show for you today on Monday, quick weekend update. Not too much.


For over 10 years, Patriot Mobile Hass been America's only Christian conservative wireless provider standing behind their service and their values as a company. They're an example of putting the cause ahead of profits. That's why I'm proud to partner with them right now. You can get their Every Friday matters special today. Patriot Mobile's given away a brand new smartphone when you make the switch. Patriot Mobile offers exceptional nationwide coverage, giving you access to all three major networks without, without your dollars funding the left. When you switch to Patriot Mobile, you're supporting a company believes in free speech, religious freedom, the sanctity of life, the Second Amendment and mortgage stuff. Their 100% US-based customer service team makes switching easy. Keep your number and for a limited time, get a free smartphone. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot and use promo code Friday. Again, that's a free smartphone offer is eligible only with the promo code Friday. It's a limited time offer until supplies run out terms and conditions supply. So join me and make the switch today. Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan. That's Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan. Or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


We're back on Monday. Hit that bell. I needed to hear that. Thank you for tuning into my Friday's Producer's picks. You guys are the best. You guys are loyal to the content no matter what. I so deeply appreciate it, man, guy, the Bonino Army. You guys are awesome out there. So a quick weekend update. I went out Thursday night. It was birthday week. Today's the, about this week. Excuse me's the big party though. The big 50th birthday party gonna be the bash to end all bashes. So if you miss next Monday, seven days from Now's update, you may miss the the mother load of all weekend updates. I will have witnesses on the production team who figured out a little secret today, which I'm freaking annoyed.


Justin's gotta go being like a freaking MacGyver over there figuring stuff out. But the party's gonna be bananas. Went out, played a little blackjack. Thank you. Hard Rock Fort Lauderdale. You guys are awesome. It's always such a great place. It's right. And I had a really good blackjack. I was getting crushed The whole night. Of course Paula wins 'cause she never loses. It's the most amazing thing, the odds of gambling. Like what? What's Blackjack? Like 49.9%. Not Paula. It's a hundred percent she never loses. I'm losing like The whole night. I leave at the end of the night. So what do I do? I do what I always do. I just start throwing in big chunks of change and I win it all back. And then some, this happens every time Paula disappeared for like an hour. She didn't like the wine offering. So she went to a different bar, grabbed some different wine.


She gone for like an hour Was it Took her a while. The minute she leaves, I'm losing. She comes back, I start crushing it again. It's weird. Is it some feng shui stuff? I have no idea. But if we're living in a simulation, Paula is hacked a code. So good for you folks. They hate social media, okay? Politicians hate it that you can stay on top of them and tell the world what they're doing. Joni Ernst, the senator from Iowa, who is really, I've, who Was it? Was it Benny Johnson or so I think It was Benny who said this weekend, and I true words have never been spoken. That he's never seen a politician completely atomize their entire career in seven days. Like Joni Erz. Joni Erz has always been a squishy Republican, ironically out of Iowa, where Trump won by like 7,000 points, right?


Remember that poll? Trump's gonna lose Iowa by 13. Didn't happen. I think he won by what? Seven. So it's pretty much like a landslide in today's electoral politics. Joni Ernst is in a MAGA state, make no mistake. And she has decided for some reason to nuclear explode her entire freaking career because she's got a bug up her ass for Pete Hegseth, who is universally loved in the Mago audience because he gets it. He doesn't want woke him in the military. He wants to focus on lethality. And he wants to ask the question that previous leaders of the Pentagon have not asked in the past when it came to every single foreign war. The question's, what folks? Folks in the chat.


Why? Why are we doing this? They don't want that. The defense industry lobbyists. I'm knocking 'em. I'm just saying this is what they do. They want us overseas everywhere. I don't wanna be overseas everywhere. I don't want our kids coming back in body bags for shit we don't understand and can't figure out this chaos in the Middle East. This weekend is a perfect example. So Syria, everybody's celebrating Bashar Alad who is a tier one scumbag. No doubt. The problem we don't understand is which asshole is a bigger asshole? Beshar Alad or the terrorist scumbags who have taken over Syria.


So the reason I don't wanna send our own people over there getting killed in these people in these wars to pick a better asshole is because we typically don't know who the better asshole is. Trump gets it. Here's Trump of a fox. He responds after Rebels overtake Syria, ousting, longtime dictator. He's like, Assad is gone. He's fled his country. But in another post later on, he says, listen, this isn't our fight. Now you wanna send some guys over there secure some chemical weapons, blow 'em up so they don't wind up in Times Square, fine. Getting involved in supporting, you know, the CIA cutouts overseas to get another asshole in there, as Mike Ben says, to push some woke agenda in Syria. Folks, this stuff never works out.


Who the hell is in charge of our government right now? Is anybody asking these questions? Joe Biden folks is completely checked out. Did you see Playbook this Morning? Political playbook? You know what's playbook, folks in the chat? You know it Playbook is the Bible of the left. It is the political Bible of the left. They read it every morning and they all repeat the talking points every single day. Right? Playbook this morning is reporting that Democrats are increasingly frustrated because Joe Biden has completely tapped out and has apparently ceded the presidency at this point to Donald Trump, which make no mistake, I'm a Trump supporter, is a really good thing for us. However, if something happens, folks, let's be straight.


Donald Trump has no executive powers, He has political power. In other words, he can move the political wind by saying something right? We all get that. But he has no executive power at all. He, he doesn't. That's just a fact. Joe Biden sadly, is still sitting in the White House. So as an American citizen, you should be like, Hey man, we stole, are stuck with this guy for another month. What if something really bad happens? Who the hell's in charge again? I think it's a good, oh, look at it. Pulled it up. Thank you. I didn't even put that in the rundown, but, but here's a quote. Biden, these are from Democrats, by the way, not from me. This is not a Dan Bonino club. Joe Biden has effectively disappeared from the radar in the wake of the Democrats bruising, electoral laws.


He's gone. He's gone. I am a Trump supporter. I don't want Joe Biden doing anything. However, I at least want a president, folks who appears to be mentally there in case, God forbid there's a huge emergency. This guy's completely tapped out. Who's in charge right now? Well, I gotta tell you, if, if, if you were an alien from outer space watching from a distance what's going on on Planet Earth, this is France. I've been there a couple times actually. I did a, a Secret Service mission over there. I've been exactly in that spot. It was the transportation guy.


So doing a motorcade and oh look, Joe Biden getting outta the car. That's not Joe Biden that's said. Who is that guys? I can't really see. Well, he say Donald. Oh, Trump. Oh, that's Trump. That Trump. We can see the hair. We can see the hair. That is Donald Trump with the handshake. I love the handshake. The alpha handshake dominates the handshake every time. Poor MCC Crohn's got a cast on today. It's Donald Trump walking up the stairs at the, the palace there. Check him out. Topos him for pictures. Folks, who's the president right now? Who's the president? Here's Donald Trump greeting our Marines. 'cause he's a patriot and he always makes sure, tell our servicemen and women we love you. Look at these guys, man, Check it out.


This is how it's done. Who, who's the commander in chief right now? Who is in charge of the country? Who is in charge? Folks, listen, there's change coming and there's a lot of people really freaked out about it. That's why the Dems are panicking about Biden seeding any political power because they understand one thing. Executive power right now lies with Joe Biden. Correct? He's sitting in the Oval Office. We're not political power lies where the answer is Donald J. Trump. The verdict is in Donald Trump is dictating international politics, period. And that's why the Democrats are pissed. But who else is pissed?


The old guards, swampy Republicans who've had millions of dollars of defense industry money thrown at them. This, they don't wanna give it up. They wanna fight. And every single foreign war you see, John Bolton, captain Mustache is all pissed off this weekend that Tulsi Gabbard is up on Capitol Hill. Who is the DNI nominee? Joni Ernst Republican Center from Iowa is still trying to sabotage. Pete Hegg said they're meeting at two o'clock today when I'm on the radio. So if she does not come out today and pledge her support for Pete, he said, after the two o'clock Eastern Time meeting folks, I'm telling you, there's gonna be political, political, political, political held to pay.


Everybody understand that. Be respect, Stewart. Thank you Michael. Smart Stewart Thompson, the New York Times. Because these, these SOB losers are always mischaracterizing what I'm saying. Be respectful when you reach out to 'em. I I don't need to lecture anyone. You're all adults. However, they're dying to pigeonhole you into the leftist model of political violence. And we're not gonna do it. Joni Ernst needs to politically suffer for that. Politically, it's no money, no more donors, no more volunteers, no more anything. And I'm telling you, let her know. We will never forget because we didn't. We still have a list of Congress people who did not support Jim Jordan when he was running for office and screwed this.


So when he was, excuse me, when he was in the speaker's bid, we are never gonna forget it. You can pretend we're gonna forget it, but we're not. And we're the largest digital live stream. So you get on our bad side at your own peril. I don't need anything from you, Joni, Joni Arch. You need it from us. You need our support. You volunteered your name to run for office. Correct? Now you're screwing over our people. She puts out this bullshit tweet. December 6th, Pete, Seth and I will continue our constructive conversations as we move forward together in the process. We plan to meet again next week. That's today. At a minimum, we agreed, deserves the opportunity, lay out's vision for our war fighters at a fair hearing. Yeah, you're damn right and we better see an upvote from you at this fair hearing.


I'm telling you right now, we are taking political names in this and we are not gonna forget. They don't want Pete. 'cause they don't want the old guard and they don't want questions being asked folks. That's why they wanna go bomb every country on earth. Send your young men and women over to every country where there's a conflict because there's cash in it. Just follow the money. You don't think it's odd that this symbiotic venom like creature media, people, lobbyists, defense, industry lobbyists, this, this military complex. It's never asked questions. Left-wing goons and commies all hate Pete Eth folks.


It's not about Pete. It's about the old guard getting tossed out and they're still not ready for what's coming. If we fold on this, we are gonna lose everything. Here's a tweet by Politico. Now apparently Pete's a problem because he's a Christian. Trump's picked to run the Pentagon has embraced an aggressive form of Christianity. What's an aggressive form of Christianity? I I'm a, I'm a Christian. I go to church. Michael, I've seen you in church. Is there an aggressive church and an honor? Did I miss something? I, last time I went to church. It's the same Bible. There's not like the, if you is there, the aggressive Bible and the non aggressive 'cause. I must have missed that.


I don't know where that, I must have missed that violently Forgiving your enemies. Yes. Yes. Justin said it right? Not only forgiving your enemies violently, aggressively forgiving your enemies, that's a violent form of Christianity. Jesus on the cross that with the thief next to him, I'll see you in heaven. Hey, I don't know man. That sounds really horrible. This is what Politico thinks of you. This is all a freaking scam, folks. Here's NBC trying to sabotage Tulsi Gabbard along with Captain Mustache, John Bolton. I thought they told us John Bolton was the antichrist. Remember when they told us that John Bolton was a, was a Nazi, was a fascist, a warmonger just like Kamala Harris who jumped right in bed with the Cheneys.


Here's NBC attacking, taking the same position as John Bolton. A hundred former national security officials alarmed at Tulsi Gabbard leading the Intel community. Really? I wonder if any one of those are the 51 intelligence officials who signed that ridiculous Hunter Biden laptop letter. Any of the same names. There's some crossover over there. Some cross pollination. I'll bet there is. Folks, these people are screwing you over and they don't want you asking questions. Here's this Congressman Mike Quigley. Watch this. Douche Trump's cabinet picks are deeply unserious people. We need experts running this government. Not syco. Its okay.


So I pulled some clips for you. Mike Quigley, who is again, one of these inside swamp toolbox losers. Go total life loser with no human dignity at all. He wants experts. 'cause experts have really nailed it. I mean, they got the Afghanistan. Nah, they got the ar. They got the s Oh, COVID Covid. Nah, the me definitely the shot. The The in public shit man. We're running outta stump transportation. Definitely China.


No. They at least know there's two genders. What's that? They at Least know there's two genders. That's a good point. They at least figured out the basics of biology. That there's two J Shit. The experts, folks, we definitely need more experts. Justin found someone though. He's like, at least this guy got it right. This guy's an expert. He even looks like when he looks like the, who's the guy? Folks in the chat. Who's the guy from The Simpsons? Mr. The, the, the boss. Big burns. Mr. Burns. This guy looks like Mr. Burns. Here is Jake Sullivan. This guy is a quote expert. Super smart folks. This is a definitely, this is a, this guy's a genius.


He is Biden's National Security advisor. Here is Jake Sullivan who absolutely nails it. They predicted totally that the Middle East was gonna blow up a few years ago and they were gonna have to pay a lot of attention to what was going on. Thank God for experts. Here's that clip right here. The Middle East region is quieter today than it has been in two decades now. Challenges remain Iran's nuclear weapons program. The tensions between Israelis and Palestinians. But the amount of time that I have to spend on crisis and conflict in the Middle East today compared to any of my predecessors going back to nine 11 is significantly reduced. Come on guys, get your shit together. That's not the clip. I'm talking about the clip where he called it.


October 7th, Syria, Hezbollah, Hamas, Gaza, Egypt, all that stuff. Oh, that's that. Damn, damn, that is the clip. That's the only one I can find. That's the only one you could, it's the only one you can find at Jake Sullivan. He really, thank you Mike. Put up Mike Quigley again. Mike, you were so right. We definitely lead more quote experts running this government, I mean an Ivy League grad with two bronze stars and combat experience. But who wants a guy like that running a defense depart. We definitely want Dart Vader with the Covid mask. Lloyd Austin, who Biden calls the black guy or, or definitely Mr. Burns. But I'd actually rather Mr. Burns than Jake Sullivan. Dan, Mr.


Burns is, no, there's a voice for Mr. Burns. But do they not look the same? Do they not? Look Jake, Mr. Burns Sullivan, do they not look the same? It's the same guy. Have you ever here question. Have you ever seen Mr. Burns and Jake Sullivan in the same room? You have not. So you can't prove they're not the same person. This is the tyranny. The tyranny of quote experts. Folks, I'm gonna show you a clip of Trump coming up in a minute. A guy undoubtedly Mike Quigley would define as not an expert, define him as a cretin, a neanderthal, a moron. He's really stupid. Really? Then if we're so stupid, how is it that we keep beating you the expert class on everything?


And I'm gonna explain to you why, just quickly folks. I've always used the example of a baseball card. Friedrich Hayak and others have talked about the tyranny of experts for a long time. I'll get to that in a second. You guys I'll, yeah, I'll get to it in a second. I'm gonna show you this example of a baseball card and you're understand what I mean.


Hey, you feeling the stress about your giving your family a memorable holiday? You are not alone. Prices remain higher than ever. A lot of us are maxing out credit cards. Now's the perfect time to take control of your finances. Pay off that debt. If you're a homeowner, American financing can help you unlock the equity in your home and start saving their customers are save saving $800 a month on average. Just imagine what they could do for your family. 800 a month plus, if you act now, you could even delay two mortgage payments giving you extra cash for the season. Wouldn't it be nice to start off the new year without that debt? And those monthly minimum payments cost you nothing to find out how much you could save. The holidays will be here before you know it. So call one of their salary based mortgage consultants today, American financing. Call now. (888) 994-7660. That's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. Or visit american financing.net. It's a.net address NMLS 1 2 3 3 4 N mls consumer access.org. Thank you American Financing


and our next sponsor. You having trouble sleeping or staying sleepless? I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. Poor sleep takes a really, really horrible toll on your life. Go research yourself. There is hope on the horizon. It comes in the form of Beams Dream powder. They sent me something to try changed my life. See, when we're sleeping well, when we're sharper, we're focused and ready to tackle whatever life there is. I weigh other sleep aids cause that next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of Reishi Magnesium, Athenian Agen, and melatonin to help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed Beam. Cyber Monday sales been extended exclusively for Bonino listeners, get up to 45% off when you visit shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino. It's your chance to finally try this game changing product. Head on over to shop b eam.com/bonino and use code bonino for up to 45% off that shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off. Get a good night's sleep. Shop Beam dot com slash bonino.


Folks, I don't wanna bore you to death, okay? And if you hate this, just tell me in the chat. Chat. STFU. We hate it. It sounds stupid, okay? This is why experts like Jake Sullivan suck and really should diffuse responsibility other people. Did you ever notice how you go on and you watch these fantasy football shows and other things? These guys, all they do all day is study football to be analysts. That's all they do. They go in locker rooms, they talk to people, they study books, stats. And did you ever notice that the weekend shows when they make predictions that they're no better than just the average? Joe, did you ever notice that? I'll give you another example. I was just reading a report the other day. Billionaire hedge funds people, right? Experts, right? Just like the NFL analyst and the college football analyst, right?


Their money's on the line. Billion dollar hedge funds that make billions of dollars billion dollar hedge funds off of beating the market that they still can't beat. Regular exchange traded ETFs where just the crowd buys in. How is that? How is it that experts can never seem to figure shit out? The answer is 'cause expertise is an illusion. Okay? It's an illusion. Nobody can predict the future. And the mistake of experts is they're typically cockier than you and believe they can. So they make dumb decisions like Jake Sullivan. You can have the greatest neurosurgeon in the world. Folks, there is a damn good chance he has no idea how to change your oil.


Why? He's really smart. He's an expert. 'cause he's never changed oil and he has no idea. You ask a thousand people, baseball experts to price a baseball card in 10 years. I guarantee you they're no better than the crowd because they don't know shit. A baseball guy could fall into a drug habit tomorrow. They are never experts or always. It's the fatal conceit. It's the conceit of knowledge. I'm not telling you knowledge is a bad thing. I'm just telling you that these people screw shit up constantly. And when you're a person like Pete Hegseth, who knows the limits of your own knowledge and doesn't try to change your role, he's not gonna break your car.


Okay? You hated that. I get the point. I'm just, I I, it's really important you understand it or you're never gonna understand why a guy like Donald Trump continues to beat the experts. You saw Jake Sullivan, right? The Middle East is so quiet. This was right before the Middle East blew up. Here's Donald Trump in a weekend interview talking about what he did with nato. Donald Trump doesn't pretend he doesn't know anything. Everybody's telling him, Donald, Mr. President NATO's so valuable. It's done X and Y and Z and all this stuff. Donald Trump doesn't care. Donald Trump looks at the spreadsheet and goes, why are we paying over 2% of our GDP? The NATO agreement is they're supposed to pay over 2% of their GDP to defend themselves and we're defending them and they don't wanna pay up.


He doesn't care about this other shit. He doesn't wanna change your oil 'cause he knows he'll break your car. He just wants to know who out there can change oil because it needs an oil change. Here's Donald Trump on nato. Donald Trump, the non-expert who actually got the NATO problem, right? Check this out. NATO's taken advantage of us because we would go look, two things. Number one, they take advantage of us on trade, meaning the European nations, okay, like terrible. They don't take our cars, they don't take our food product, they don't take anything. They think it's a disgrace. And on top of that, we defend them. So it's a double whammy. So let me just tell you, I was able to get hundreds of billions of dollars put into NATO just by a tough attitude.


I said to the countries, I'm not gonna protect you unless you pay. And they started paying and that amounted to more than $600 billion. That's a big thing. Otherwise, they wouldn't even be fighting. They wouldn't have any money to fight if they're paying their bills. And if I think they're doing a fair, they're treating us fairly, the answer is absolutely I'd stay with NATO Folks, you understand the difference. By the way, do we have a hiccup with, with with Rumble? We tell us in the chat. Was there a little issue with Rumble before in the reload? I just wanna check, and you guys in the chat are invaluable for instant feedback. I just wanna let Rumble know if there were, that's the only reason. 'cause our counters a little low today. We're typically way, way ahead, especially on a Monday with a show like this.


Folks, I hope I explained that well before. This is the difference between Donald Trump and the expert class. He doesn't care about your historically wrong opinions because you have an Ivy League degree and you say, well, NATO is valuable. He asks a simple question. It's the same question Pete's gonna ask about why we should go and intervene in Syria and elsewhere. What's the question again? Why? Why? Okay, that was an issue. Okay, thank you. Now I know why, why? Why are we doing it? Donald Trump is saying, why the hell are we paying for the world's defense if the world doesn't wanna pay for its own defense? Nobody else is asking that question here.


Here are so-called experts, right? The media wants you to believe they're experts. That's what they tell you, right? We're gonna give you the facts. We're experts. We're gonna analyze it and trust our opinion. Here is the scumbag Washington Post, one of the shittiest outlets in the media. The most biased, disgusting stuff you're ever gonna read. So of course they're trying to attack Pete Hegg, Seth again, they're the experts. So John Assan points us out. This is great. He says, when Joe Biden awarded the Bronze Star to win intelligence analyst, the Washington Post called the Bronze Star quote, one of the Army's most prestigious awards. But when Pete Hegseth earns two of them, the Washington Post says actually Bronze Star.


They're pretty common. It's just different for some people he knows here. You could see it yourself here. Here's Joe Biden. They give one of their own. They give one of the, well they give not one of one of our own. I, I don't know the case there. I just wanna be clear. When, when the Washington Post thinks it's a Biden award on someone who's very heroic or, but it's a prestigious award and then you flip over to Pete, totally different. It's pretty common. People hand them out all the time. Folks, these people are full of shit. They are the enemies of truth. Stewart, I know you're watching again, Stewart Thompson from the New York Times who marvels at the fact that we spend so much time condemning left wing bullshit.


The reason it's important is because people like Stewart, the New York Times and the Washington Post are freaking liars. And we pointed out every single time and they just can't accept that what we're saying is true. Take the sandwich we gave you and eat it. It's your own words from your own left wingers. I want you to watch this. This is a, this is what I'm talking about by how the left has completely gaslit America and got them to believe things with their media. Little surrogate and bullhorn people. This is how they've gotten America to believe things that just aren't true. That the experts should dictate the economy, national security policy, all this stuff when the experts continually get stuff wrong.


I want you to watch the C NNN segment. It's a Scott Jennings segment on CNN, but I think it's Abby Phillips. She seems genuinely stunned that Cash Patel is going to go out and call out corruption in the FBI despite the corruption being documented. Everybody knows the FBI made up the collusion hoax in conjunction with the Hillary Clinton campaign. Everyone with a functioning brain, you don't have to be an expert. Everybody knows the FBI was spying on American citizens. They admitted to it. Everybody knows what the FBI scandal with the MAGA hats, the Moms for Liberty, the pro-lifers. And here's CNN acting. Just completely stunned that you know, you guys only believe FBI the FBI's corrupt because people talk about FBI corruption.


What kind of stupid ass logic is that? Watch this. We'll just point out two things. One, politically, Patel to me right now has a lot of support in the Senate. I think a lot of these nominees, you know, some are in trouble. I don't think he is right now. I mean he's gonna obviously have to go to the table and answer questions just like everybody else. But there is enthusiasm for him. 10 years ago, the FBI had a 59% approval rating. Today it's like 41%. Folks, you cut that off too soon. They're stunned. You gotta get the Abby Phillips response in there. Jim cut that for the radio. The Abby Phillips response. I may have sent the wrong time Mark there It was. I mean she's like, oh my gosh, this is just like election denying. You guys are suggesting that the FBI is corrupt. So the public believes the FBI is corrupt.


No, the public believes the FB is corrupt because of how I opened up the show. Because you people with influence and followings on social media have shown everyone that the FBI and the upper levels of it is in fact corrupt. I'm really sorry you in the media. Can't take it. I mean you're supposed to be on the side of facts. Let me play this one more before the break. I wanna play this one too 'cause it's important. The Rachel Maddow one to show you how left wingers are full of shit. We don't have this problem. You tell me. National debt, the national debt's an issue. I tell you I agree, but Republicans do it too. I don't care. It's still wrong. The left has no ability to do this at all. Here's a side by side hat tip.


The Great Maize Moore of Rachel Maddow, one of the biggest bullshitter liar, frauds. She's a road scholar folks, she's an expert. She's a dumb ass and a liar and a phony and a fraud. Here she is on her show talking about Donald Trump potentially pardoning people in his family. And she's like apoplectic about how horrible. It's so much so she's like ready to cry. She needs to go to a break. And then you're going to hear after that Rachel Maddow feeling slightly differently about Joe Biden actually pardoning his own son for crimes. I believe Joe Biden was involved in Watch this.


President Trump, as he winds down his last few weeks in office, is considering preemptive pardons for all his adult adult children, including his son-in-law. Jared, what a mess. More as we know q, all the hand wringing and gnashing of teeth today about a president using his power, his Pardon power, his powers as president. Hmm? To do something for a family member. Tell me more about how outraged we all are about President Biden's. Pardon for his son. You know folks, you would think these people would seriously have some shred of human dignity and integrity.


She doesn't care. She doesn't care that she looks like an asshole. It doesn't matter. No, she legit doesn't care. She's a commie. They abuse power. They are in into, they're into hierarchy and they don't care about hypocrisy. We're in charge. You are not. We're gonna abuse power and when you're in charge, we're gonna attack you to abuse power. I just want you to know these people are disgusting and this is why Stewart and these other people out there are so intimidated that this is the number one live stream in the world right now for politics. And they're not. 'cause they can't continue to lie to you because they're not a source of information anymore.


I got another one coming up. Kain Jean Pierre totally nailed on the Pardon thing you told us over and over conclusively. There will be no Pardon, period. I've already addressed it Don. It's ever gonna happen. Now What happened? Watch your response like nothing happened. Hierarchy Commies believe in hierarchy. They don't care about looking like hypocrites at all.


Folks, the world's on edge right now. We gotta train the media's stoking all kinds of animosity. You're seeing the weaponization of the legal system and political instability. You have no idea what's coming next. So you gotta train, train with I iTarget Pro like I do. It uses a laser round and an app so you can practice safely with your actual weapon in the privacy and convenience of your own house. I iTarget Pro comes in most calibers from nine millimeter. 2, 2, 3. So you can train with almost any firearm's why competitive shooters, military and police rely on dry fire drills as part of their training. Folks, I use it 'cause I like to practice my site alignment, my site picture and my grip and I don't have a lot of time to get to the range. I iTarget Pro will save you a ton of money on ammo and range fees, allowing you to practice anytime you want and more efficiently. Go to train with bonino.com, save 10% plus get free shipping on your I iTarget Pro system. Don't get fool by knockoffs. Get the original dry fire training system@trainwithbonino.com. Train safe, train smart train with I targett. That's train with bonino.com. Train with bonino.com.


Highly recommend that system at our last sponsor day. Omaha Steaks, nothing delivers comfort and joy, quite like the unrivaled quality and taste of Omaha Steaks. It's guaranteed perfection every single bite. Right now you can save on unforgettable gifts with 50% off Sitewide at Omaha Steaks dot com plus score an extra $30 off of promo code Bonino with five generations of experience. They consistently deliver the world's best steak experience and the gifting experts at Omaha Steaks and made it easy to deliver the perfect gift with thoughtfully curated gift packages featuring gourmet favorites. Paul and I are planning to send some Omaha Steaks to our family for the holidays. We're stocking up ourselves for all the entertaining we have planned between my birthday and the new year. Be a lot of food consumed at the Bonino house and we're ready from their legendary steaks to their perfectly sized desserts. Save 50% off Sitewide for a limited time at Omaha Steaks dot com. Plus our listeners get an extra $30 off with promo code bonino. That's 50% off at Omaha Steaks dot com O-M-A-H-A and an extra $30 off with promo code Bonino minimum purchase may apply.


Thanks. So my thanks. We appreciate it here. Watch this. This is more additional proof that you need to understand your political opponents. The show is entertainment right at Tip Boogie Dam Productions educational entertainment. If you don't understand their tactics, that hierarchy matters to them that the only way to beat the left is to take them off the political power pedestal. That's it. They don't care about being exposed. The reason we expose the hypocrisies for the third party listening, the independents who are coming over to our side, it's not for them. It commies can only be defeated by removing them from power period. Corin Jean Pierre is a perfect example right here. Ed O'Keefe, who's a left-leaning guy, I have no doubt, but he asked a pretty simple question. Hey man, basically why'd you lie to us about the Hunter Biden thing?


I just want you to watch the spin and I want you to see here, see if you sense a second of embarrassment at all. 'cause I don't check this out. When you're standing there at the lecture and you are White House press secretary speaking on behalf of the president conveying his thoughts and views of the administration and it's for that reason that you said on his behalf all those times that he had no plans to do what he did on Sunday. Has he expressed any regret to you directly, personally, for having put you in this position? Yeah, and now having to go back. I, I look, I understand this question and you started off, I think the way you started off the question is basically how I feel, right?


And I think all of us who work in this administration, I work for the president, I speak for the president, I, I comment on behalf of what he feels and thinks. And that's my job. That's my job is the press secretary, the White House press secretary, the person who speaks on behalf of the President of the United States. And that's how I feel, Folks. There's not a shred of embarrassment there at all. Hey, we have Breaking news. This is a live podcast as you know, 1136 Eastern Time folks, this is huge. So Daniel Penny, the subway hero, not guilty.


Excellent folks, this is a victory for justice. Luckily I had a segment prepared. I did not think we were gonna, you guys are getting ready to, I thought you were getting ready to put like the fire thing going behind this or something like that. This is a huge moment. Now the left wing media will go crazy. Why? Does anybody know why the left wing media will go crazy? Because the left wing media wants the stoke animosity and racial division and doesn't give a shit if violence breaks out at all. Because they like to use violence to stoke animosity, to build political capital, to get power so that they can be on top in their hierarchy.


Alex Berenson pointed this out this weekend. Here's the New Yorker, a communist shithole rag referring to the Daniel Penny case that the, it happened, the, the subway dancer was strangled by the ex-Marine subway dancer as if he was out there, you know, doing some kind of flamenco dancer, whatever. Folks, the facts are clear. He was threatening people on the actual train. Did you actually pay attention to the case? Now there are people out there who are gonna stoke violence left and right. Folks, I'm more than you right now. Be very careful. There are people out there who wanna stoke violence or at a minimum stoke, animosity and division.


One of these division agents is this guy who is one of the biggest grifter losers I've ever seen. This guy Hawk, he was an old BLM activist. These people do nothing but stoke division. They wanna make this a racial thing. It has nothing to do with race. If you don't threaten people's lives on the subway, they won't have to defend themselves against you threatening their lives. This isn't really hard. Hat Tippa lives at TikTok. I pulled this off her account. Here's this guy Hawk, you've probably seen him before. I'm very familiar with him. I'll show you why in a minute. But he's this guy outside of the courtroom last week. Notice the division.


This is all they do. They grift off division. Watch this. Racism is still alive in kicking in America. There's no other way to view this. Everyone has looked at the case and those among you who say that Daniel Penny is innocent, have racism and bias in your heart. If you look at the facts of this case, then you understand that Daniel Penney is guilty. But today, white supremacy got another victory today. The KKK, the Klansmen, the evil in America got another victory.


So Hawk, I remember you well, I just want you to want you to listen to me here, okay? You're disgusting filth, you can go fuck yourself. You're a and a chump and a coward. And yes, I'm calling you that to your face because I know you're a chump and a coward because I know people who know you and I know you are a chump and a loser and a coward. Me. I'm calling you that right to your face 'cause that's who you are. Matter of fact, you're such a chump and a coward out of the kindness in my soul. I invited you on my Fox News show once unfiltered to explain you being a a an agent of hate and division and animosity and then kinda like starting a fire and running away with it and being such a chump and a coward 'cause you are, you're a chump and a loser.


That's who you are. That's who you've always been. I invited him on my show and he was such a wuss and a loser and a zero. I asked him a simple question on my show and I said, Hey Hawk, this is about two, three years ago. I said, man, you know, you condemn street violence. Will you just say that violence is wrong, that you can object to this verdict? I mean it's the constitutional republic. You don't like the verdict. Fine. But I said to him back then, do you object to street violence? I want you to watch his answer as this wuss punk loser zero walks off the set because he couldn't answer the question. 'cause he's also a moron. Check this out. Do you condemn riots and burning down buildings after a police use of force incident you don't like?


No. I I can I what I'll say is I understand when a police officer unjustifiably kills someone, why people lash out. I understand that completely. I didn't ask. I'm why can't you answer the question? I'm not, I'm going to, I'm not going to condemn. You can't answer the question, nor am I going to condone it Now. Now see here's the thing. Os bent Osama bin la I'm not those terror, not condo attack the United States of America. Can you let me talk? You have a show you talk as much as You want, talk a lot junk. And, and when I put you on the spot, you won't answer a damn question. You condone violence. I'm answering the question or you violence all I'm answering the question all Over the place, Answering the question. Violence and burning a buildings down.


How hard is this? Okay, so when Osama Bin Laden attacked the World Trade Center, did you say America should deal with it peacefully? I'm answering the question, man. I'm posing questions to you. Don't, that is nothing to answer Your question with people burning down businesses in New York City, you're not going to answer the question hawk, but listen, I appreciate, wait, I'll give this it a shot. I'll give you this, I'll give you this. Not there's nothing else to asked you the question three times. I don't promote it, but I will not condemn it. Yeah, that's just cowardly man. That's just cowardly. No, you're a coward. You just stand for something. You know what you see, you're trying to, I'm a coward to beat me. God bless you, man. I'm outta here. God bless. Yeah, Yeah, you are outta here. You're right. Yeah, you were outta there loser. Fucking zero.


But you know, folks, I, I've seen guys like this my whole life. I'm not gonna get into wire how his internet story look, be a karate, whatever. It's all bullshit. Who cares? I'm telling you something for a fact. I've seen these people my entire life. These fake tough guys. These, you know, wannabe like I'm down losers. This guy is a tier one level chump and a coward who would back down from a one-on-one fight in a second if he didn't have 20 guys behind him. Guaranteed. He goes out there and grifts in front of the camera and starts talking about you being a white supremacist and all that stuff. 'cause he knows left wing media losers will eat it up.


Meanwhile, Hawk Newsom be the first guy on that train car. If the Kneely guy was threatening people to do nothing, to protect the women and kids in the car, he'd be the first guy backing outta the car. And then if you called him out, he'd be the first guy to probably sue you later on. Losers Daniel Penny not guilty. And by the way, Hawk learned the legal system. If you think he said, I don't think anybody's innocent of anything. There's no innocent legal standard. Wake up dumb ass. It's guilty or not guilty. Nobody's innocent of anything. He's not innocent that it happened, the guy died.


He is not guilty. Meaning there is no legal consequence for him for engaging in an act of self-protection. Wake up dumb ass. Read a book once in a while, you freaking moron. Stop being stupid every single day. And let me give you a little lesson here and for Stewart as well. This is really easy. Stewart Hawk, you should ask me, do you condemn violence? If Daniel Penny was declared guilty, would you recommend violence? Hell to the no, we wouldn't. We condemn it in each and every circumstance, unless it's self-defense or some legally protected class where you're allowed to defend yourself.


This is not hard. It's only hard for morons in the media. And people like Hawk who lie to you all the time, the guys that chump and so are all these other zeroes in the media trying to paint for you a gaslit reality of a world that doesn't exist. This is why we have all these problems as a country. Why you believe police are hunting down black men in the streets because of people like Hawk and others. Why you believe the rich don't pay their fair share why you believe the border's secure. Why you believe things like school choice steals money from public schools. Why you believe things like crime is down? None of that shit is true, none of it.


You believe it because the media morons tell you it and you're too dumb on the left to do your own homework. There's this great video clip by Mike Shellenberger, an actual journalist. I don't know his politics, I don't care. There's only about a minute of it. The, the first 30 seconds or so, he goes into The whole collusion hoax. And we, we already know about that, how the media believes stuff. But here's about another minute on all of the bs. The media told you that only morons on the left ate up and, and and basically at digested this stuff. And they believe it's total bullshit. You could go do a modicum of homework and figure it out yourself. They just don't want to check this out. Media Actively created the Russiagate hoax alongside the Democratic Party and the United States intelligence community.


Hillary Clinton's campaign and CIA director John Brennan, created the Russiagate hoax in 2016 claiming falsely that the Russians favored Trump over Clinton. That the Russians got Trump elected, and that the Russians controlled Trump through a sex blackmail operation. The media spread covid vaccine disinformation with the financing of the pharmaceutical companies and the help of democratic operatives in the White House and other executive branch agencies together. They claimed that the vaccine would prevent infection and transmission had no side effects to worry about. And that anybody who said differently should be censored. The media participated in the Democrat's big lie that Joe Biden was in perfect mental and cognitive health.


Folks, I need you to be really cautious in these coming days, man, we do not need another series of George Floyd like riots because the media environment shellenberger just accurately and appropriately describes a bunch of lying Scumbags is now gonna go out there today and say Vigilantism is back. None of that happened. A guy on the subway threatened a bunch of people and another guy who is now legally not guilty. Daniel Penney injected himself at his own peril into a situation where he could have gotten hurt really badly and defended other people. That's What happened.


You have to understand that the media, the left wing media, people like Hawk and these other losers that have lied to you about this, if you follow the money, you will figure out. They did it for a very simple reason. Left wing agitators need media megaphones out there to stir shit up in the street because they use this political violence in the street for my chaos theory. You ever hear my chaos Walking Dead theory? You ever see the show The Walking Dead about the zombies? Officer Rick and the human survivors, they go and they live in a prison because they're safe from the zombies on the outside who walks into a prison voluntarily. You want the answer? People who are afraid of what's on the outside, they left need you terrified.


They need you always suckling on the tet of government. Government's gonna come and save you. And one of the ways they do that is by making it appear that when the Republicans, conservatives, the MAGA people and the Libertarians are in charge, that there's such chaos that you should forfeit away your liberty to them and that they'll protect you against the evil people on the right. But you've gotta believe the evil people on the right are evil. And the only reason you'll believe that is if the left wing narrative persists those righties, they support the cops. The cops are hunting black men in the streets, shooting them down randomly. They profit off this stuff and they isolate you from the truth. They don't let you see the truth. When that Harvard study, we said Roland Friar came out about police interactions that completely debunked this ridiculous hunting black men in the street narrative, now that I promise they're gonna use with this Jordan Neeley case.


Now that Penny's not guilty, you think that got a bunch of mainstream media coverage? You probably never heard about it till now. It's a lie, man. They isolate you from the truth. Here is conclusive evidence again, of exactly how the media cordons off the truth. So if you are a left wing moron, you never get the other side of the story. Here's the great Catherine Heritage. She's on News Nation, she's an actual reporter. Don't know our politics, don't give a damn. Here she is on News Nation talking about how she scored this huge interview with Elon Musk Musk when the Twitter files came out talking about all this censorship on Twitter. Remember when the files dropped? I was in those so sensitive topic to me.


She scores a huge interview. You would think CBS would be all over this. Oh no. She says here, CBS turned it down because they were unsure what Elon Musk was gonna say. Oh no. Oh no, no, no, no, no. That's not it. I get what she's doing there. But that's not it at all. They were afraid Elon Musk would tell the truth. And if you're gonna gaslight people into believing bullshit, then you can't ever have the truth. Get out there. Check this out. Yeah. So just to set the stage, It was the fall of 2023. I had tried to enterprise a story that would bring the Twitter files to CBS news. It didn't get as far as I had hoped, but an interview opportunity developed with Elon Musk and the offer was to do a live interview with him on X.


So I took that opportunity to the CBS news executives and they said, you know, we just can't do it live. And I was like, what do you mean we can't do it live? And they said, well, we don't know what he's gonna say. And I was like, wait a second. Isn't that what journalism is, is all about? They don't care that you will never be exposed to the new alternate truth because the lie works for them. Follow the money. What do you mean follow the money? These media entities now at the New York Times and Washington Post, M-S-N-B-C and CNN, they're telling people a story, not this story. Why? Because US story appeals to them. Republicans are evil fascist Nazis. That's it.


They can't accept that they're the bad guy. They can't, that they supported left wing Twitter before Elon bought it and that it actively engaged in fascist style censorship. They can't accept it. So they just don't wanna know the truth. They can't accept it. The black men are being hunted by cops narrative. They, there is money in telling people it's not the Democrats running these cities into the ground and destroying the lives of black men and women in these cities run by Democrats. It's the evil white man who supports the cop that none of that's true. Doesn't matter. They don't want the truth at all. And either do the swampy Republicans here, this clip of Tim Walls is a perfect example.


Remember Tampon, Tim, you'll be, he'll be forgotten about in a year. No one will even remember this guy, just like Tim Kane who ran with Hillary Clinton as a vice presidential nominee. You probably don't even remember that, right? Here's Tim Walls ran mcc, Kamala Harris, easily the worst vice presidential selection on a ticket we've seen in modern times wants tampons in the boys room. I mean, what the hell are they gonna do? I mean, what the hell is the tampon gonna do? But tampon, Tims MCs have an answer here he is in one of his first interviews here talking about why they lost. And this is a perfect example of a man who is living in this Truman show like Bubble, who is so gaslit himself, I promise you he actually believes this. Here he is talking about how Donald Trump, Donald Trump, one of the first Republicans in decades, to go to the Bronx, to go to Madison Square Garden in the heart of liberal New York City, to go out to liberal areas and say, Hey man, I'm here for you.


A guy who you wanna talk about, real inclusion, Donald Trump, who got a record number for a Republican, a black male voters. You think Tim also say, Hey, we did something wrong. Nope. In his version of it, you did. Because he knows better than you do. And you guys just don't want inclusion or any of that stuff because you did it. Oh yeah, this happened. Check this Out. I think we're going to have to understand what type of leadership do they want. We were, we were pledging to be inclusive. We were pledging to bring people in. Donald Trump has said that that isn't what he wants. And so if that's what America's leading towards, I guess for me it's to understand and learn more about America. 'cause I thought that they were going to probably move towards a more positive message.


He doesn't wanna learn about America folks. He doesn't care. He cares about hierarchy. He now doesn't have power and he doesn't know where to find the copio. To find opium to drink. He's outta Copio. He can't find it. King of the tampon. Put it up in the chat. Put it up in the chat. Hey, by the way, just address. And I know with the Rumble issue folks, it is not us. I just reached out to Chris, CEO Rumble and he sent me a message that it is an internet backbone issue. It is not us, but I, again, it's manifesting itself to rumble.


But I promise it's not a, so I apologize either way, even though it's not our pro 'cause it's our show. But if you're not, it's only certain areas of the country. So some of you who are watching this live with no problems. You have no idea what I'm talking about. But if you're in the area, it's been a bit of an issue. But either way, sorry about the interruption. Make sure if you missed anything, you Check it out on VOD. I wanna play this one last one to show you what I mean by what it looks like when stupid smart people, Jake Sullivan, Tim Walls, and others who cannot accept the limits of their own knowledge, start getting into spaces. They have no idea, and they have the pretense of knowledge. Oh, look at me, I'm an astrophysicist. I wanna play this clip of Neil deGrasse Tyson.


He's on Pi Morgan show. Again, the guy's a brilliant, was he an astrophysicist or something? Listen to this guy, contort himself into knots trying to explain away how men and women should be able to compete in the same sports. Because biologically, it's really no different than weight classes. You realize what kind of a dipshit you have to be to believe in this. Or you could be a liberal who's been gaslit. Check this out. What I See is sports is on the frontier of how to handle this frontier of of, of people who are trans. It's on the frontier of how to resolve that. And I, I'm making this up now. Imagine the future of sports does not distinguish sex.


It distinguishes and sorts people by hormone ratios. I, I'm making this up, but imagine that if that were the case, that would be interesting. You get a hormone test, you're in this range, and then you compete against other people with the same range of hormone. That's ridiculous that, that's Neil. That is ridiculous. No, it's not. I'll tell you why. It's not ridiculous. I wouldn't give every single person I used to wrestle a whole bone test. Hold on, hold on. I used to wrestle and wrestling. There are people who weigh, sorry, Mike, using pounds here, 125 pounds, right on up to 240 pounds. They don't wrestle each other. The entire sport separates people so that the contest is interesting.


I'm done. I, I can't, I can't with this guy. Hormone test, we're all gonna do a hormone blood. If you're estradiol levels of 52.5, you're gonna compete against you. Believe this. Is the hormone test gonna be by day? Is it gonna be by week? Does this guy have any idea how androgens work? And you have any idea at all? Of course he doesn't because he's a stupid, smart person who has the pretense of knowledge but not actual knowledge. What a moron. Oh folks, thanks again for tuning in. Sorry about the technical hiccup, but we got through it. If you wanna Check it out, video on demand. We really appreciate it.


Please tune in every single day through our Rumble Show at 11:00 AM Eastern Time. Download the Rumble app. Go to rumble.com/bonino. If you just wanna watch it on your computer, please give us a follow. We really appreciate it. Hit that subscribe button. It is absolutely free, trying to get to 4 million followers. Also, if you wouldn't mind giving us a follow on Apple Podcasts and Spotify, I would really appreciate it. I'll see you here on the radio show on Rumble in a few minutes, and back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM See you then. You just Heard The Dan Bongino Show.