
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With, your host, Dan Bonino Folks, keeping you weeks ahead of the news cycle. This initial findings report, why is everything running again? The initial findings report came out from the Joint committee looking into the assassination attempts. I have it right here. Not so hot off the presses. And as usual, you were six months ahead of the news cycle. Six weeks, maybe two months. Who knows? Everything in here I told you about. There are a couple of new details I'm gonna get into. Stay tuned.


Big show for you today.


You heard me rave about Beams Dream Powder every week. Go get it now. They're offering the largest discount@shopbeam.com slash bonino. Use code bonino.


I've got that and I've got a couple of markers. The Kamala Harris campaign is in a lot of trouble right now. Folks, no need to celebrate. We're not cracking the champagne bottles yet. But get ready for a rocky road ahead. They're starting to panic right now. That's why she's agreeing to doing a quote interview with Stephanie. Rule ha. Stephanie rule for an interview. She might as well do the interview with Snoop Dugie dug instead.


Hey, many Americans are tired and frustrated by stalling economy, inflation, endless wars, and the relentless assault in our values. Thankfully, as companies like Patriot Mobile, I still believe in America and our rights. I'm proud to partner with Patriot Mobile 'cause they're on the front lines, fighting for our rights, the sanctity of life, and our military and first responder heroes take a stand for conservative causes. Put America first. By switching to Patriot Mobile today, you get the same nationwide coverage as the big providers. 'cause Patriot Mobile operates across all three major networks. Plus say back their service with a coverage guarantee. Their 100% US based customer service team will make finding the best plan for your needs. Easy. Keep your number, keep your phone upgrade. Go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot right now. You'll get a free month when you sign up and use the offer code. Dan, don't be fooled by other providers pretending to share our values or have the same coverage. They don't and they can't switch to America's only Christian conservative, mobile provider, Patriot Mobile. Go to Patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month of service today. Thanks Patriot Mobile.


Alright fellas, let's go. So Donald Trump put out this post on true social and Twitter last night talking about how he has been briefed by the disastrous Iranian threat. Folks, I'm telling you, the threat is real. I, I was chatting with Vet about this this morning, and I have zero doubt that there are a number of people in groups with aligned interest. And that aligned interest is what anybody know that aligned interest is. Make Donald Trump, go bye-Bye. I have absolutely zero doubt between the Deep staters, the swampy, a group of left wing NGOs, intelligence agencies that know he's gonna come in and open the books on them.


There are groups of people that unquestionably want Donald Trump gone. All I'm telling you, and you can do what you want with it. I'm telling you with certainty, you wanna believe me, it's okay, you don't. That's okay too. I would think, given my history on Spygate collusion, the intelligence letter a hundred by laptop and my background in the Secret service that you would err on the side of, he's probably right on this, but it's okay. You do you. I'm telling you, this threat is real. It is absolutely real. Donald Trump does not trust the deep state at all.


There's a reason he put this out. Big threats on my life by Iran. The entire US military's watching and waiting moves are already made by Iran. It didn't work out, but they'll try again. Not a good situation for anyone. I'm surrounded by men, guns and weapons more than I've seen before. Thank you to Congress for approving more money for the Secret Service. I'll take a hard pass on that one. They don't need more money, they need better leadership. However, folks, the threat is very real. The threat is not just from Iran, but that particular threat is real. you know, when you're working protective intelligence in the Secret Service, because some crazy person threatens, say a member of the Trump family and a number one another person threatens him. It doesn't mean that it's a zero sum game.


Like there's like a, there's an unlimited amount of people who can threaten people. So what I'm trying to get at here, this is real. So the report came out, I have it right here. The initial findings, you're probably just seeing a white piece of paper. There it is up on the screen right there, folks. Some of the stuff in here is just devastating. I, I'm not going to spend the entire show on the report folks, because most of it you've already heard. However, there are some things I want to re-litigate because I told you them a couple months ago when this happened. Number one, it is extremely important. You get the titles right of the people responsible for the security plan because the Secret Service is playing games right now.


And if you read the report, you'll find the top line most important takeaway the judges ruled is that the people involved at the site and the security plan, we're all saying that guy did it. I mean this guy did it. No, that guy, but never this guy. Remember when I told you, you gotta get the titles right and too many people are going on tv effing it up. Well, we need the lead site agent. Wait, what do you mean? Do you mean the lead agent or the site agent? Because they're not the same thing. And this is not a stupid euphemisms game. Exactly what I told you was gonna happen is happening. Folks in the chat.


I don't wanna waste your time. Did I not tell you this? If people would've just listened to me and would've let me ask the damn questions, we wouldn't have this problem. I would've gone right to the lead agent. The lead agent was from the DTD, the Donald Trump detail. And I would've said, you are responsible for the security of the president. You are the DTD agent, the liaison to the site. What happened? This is the person in charge. The site agent from the Pittsburgh field office is a different person.


And when you don't understand the difference, this is what you read the report. It talks about how nobody wanted to blame anyone. Everyone said it wasn't their fault. It's because they don't understand what these people are supposed to do. If I had a gauge, a blob job, always skeptic 22 folks, if I had a gauge responsibility, because there were a number of people here who screwed things up. Number one is the lead agent from the DTD, the Donald Trump detail. He, they know that she knows the detail was at the site. Absolutely no excuse. Okay? But I take that back, scratch that.


First is headquarters, Ron Rowe, protective operations, the ad, PO, the deputy director and the DAD appeal deputy assistant director because they're the ones that would not give them the assets. Okay? But second is the site agent, excuse me, the lead agent. Third is the site agent from the Pittsburgh Field office. Someone should have checked on that roof line. The no accountability thing is amazing. And this is the problem when you get people up there and it's not their fault, folks, if you asked me to go up on Capitol Hill and question a bunch of Senate staffers about how they write bills, I don't freaking know the questions to ask. I lost my race for the US Senate.


I don't have Senate staffers. But you didn't have experts asking the questions and this is what happened. A bunch of people went, well, that's not my job. I would've been, but no, no, actually that is your job. you know full well as a lead agent from the DTD that your job was to oversee the entire security plan. You know damn well it was your job. I would've had the director in there on day one. What assets were asked for? What assets did you deny? What assets did you deny historically? Give me the records. I wanna see the money allocations to the security plan. I wanna read the emails. None of this stuff you, you gotta know the right questions to ask here. Shocking from the report.


The counter sniper team lead never even went to the A GR property prior to the shooting, including the roof or inside the building where the cs, where the local counters, sniper teams were positioned. Now, I know that the instinct is gonna be to jump down the throat of the counter Sniper team. However, who is the one that ultimately approves the counters Sniper team being able to go out there weak in advance and do a proper advance of the site? The answer is headquarters. So headquarters says no. So the cs, I'm not telling you that this is okay. I'm just telling you that when we're gonna pin blame, we better pin it on the right people or you're gonna get the same shit. That guy did it, that guy did it, that guy did it.


That guy did it. I would've said to headquarters right away. Why the hell wasn't the counter sniper team out there? We in advance who signed off on them going out there same day or the day before? Who? That's why no one in headquarters is telling the truth. Here's another one. Counter Sniper says that they didn't even look around really independently at the threat areas. Well, that's kind of weird quote. It was more to make sure the roof was secure. Secure for us to stand on. Folks, this is inexcusable. It's inexcusable. But again, you have to understand, if they would've had a week to do a proper CS advance work with local agencies, grid out what they were looking at, this wouldn't have been an issue.


Why is headquarters? Why did everybody get promoted out of this? Here's another one. It's like three or four of these I picked out leading up to Trump's rally in Butler, the Secret Service denied requests from the DTD. Sounds like something I told you folks. Remember me bringing up the CSU counter surveillance unit. What is their job? Their job is to go undercover and look for suspicious characters. Why didn't they find a suspicious character walking around the site that day who later went and shot Trump in the head and murdered Corey comparator? Anybody have any idea why they didn't see him? Because they weren't there? Oh, lookie here.


This is crazy. While a countersurveillance unit was deployed for Dr. Jill prominent neurosurgeon, her her threat level is like close to zero. They had a CSU team for Dr. Jill Countersurveillance. Basically undercovers a unit was not requested for President Trump. Secret Service agents raised concerns about not having CSU at the rally, which would've identified suspicious behavior outside the event perimeter. Folks in the chat, why didn't CSU detect a guy outside of the perimeter? That's right, Jack, because they weren't there, which is what I told you a couple months ago.


The CSU agents I worked with were badass. you know why they found themselves in CSU? Let me tell you something. CSU, this is a little informal stuff I'm gonna tell you about the Secret Service. You have to go to a satellite detail. When you go to a protection detail. There's sub details, right? You have to go to either the first lady's detail, transportation, it used to be cat, but they moved them out, or CSU. Some of the best agents I work with, they had mouths on 'em. They would stick up for themselves. They tell management, go yourself, right? So they'd stick, stick 'em in CSU because they're not around the inner circle and they're out of the outer perimeter. They were some of the best agents we had in the detail. Really, some of the best guys around.


I'm telling you with certainty, they would've detected this guy on the outside. Forget about the guy getting on the roof. The guy wouldn't have been anywhere near the site. They would've, they would've stopped him. They would've had someone talk to him and they would've found that the guy had a range finder in a long range rifle in his backpack. Why didn't they find them? Again, folks in the chat? Because they weren't there. Like I says, like I says, here it is. Here it is. Justin, is this boring? No. Are you sure? Yes. Okay. My I like it. Okay. While there was a CAT team at the site counter assault team, that's the secret service SWAT team. This is from the report. There was no cat liaison.


LNO. That's kind of important, right? You're gonna have other guys with heavy weapons at the site, may be a good idea to have a liaison so you understand how they're gonna deploy in an emergency. don don't know. Sounds kind of crazy. Secret Service headquarters said on that sna, we're not doing that. SNA there wasn't one. So we had no CSU team first counter surveillance. We had no CAT team. Although Dr. Jill had CSU, that's really important. I wonder what they've been doing. Dr. Jill, the prominent neurosurgeon, she had it. They had no counter sniper teams prior to this rally. The counter sniper team they got, I think, showed up the day before some and didn't even get to scope out the site, pun intended, believe me.


And now we find out that the counter unmanned aerial systems assets, in other words, drones were requested by DTD as early as July 10th, but were denied by Secret Service Headquarters. This is, this is insane. This is crazy. Secret Service headquarters. Yeah. I'm gonna skip to page two and I'm gonna, and this is the crazy thing. So all the people in the management chain at Secret Service Headquarters who denied the drone assets, the CAD assets, the CS assets and the CSU assets, right? The people that they, you understand, they all got promoted here. You doubt me from the report.


Point three, the July 13th Butler event was the first time former President Trump had counters snipers at an event. The U-S-S-U-S-S-S, assistant Director of Protective Operations told the committee sometime prior to July 5th, a decision was made that Secret Service would send counters sniper to outdoor events going forward based on intelligence and threat information. All but one of the witnesses, the committees interviewed were to wear this decision. In other words, the entire management chain of the Secret Service had decided to not give Trump counter sniper assets despite knowing about the intelligence. What's the intelligence? Go back to the Trump tweet fellas. Put it up on the screen. That's the intelligence right there.


Now, I feel free to tell you, there was a long range viable, credible threat. This was not by Jason Bourne operators in Iran. It was by a bunch of Chuckleheads. The Iranians were trying to recruit to kill Donald Trump. They were morons, luckily sitting in the woods with, you know, totally undisguised walking up on a roof line. Folks, this shit is for real, man. You're not gonna have a president to vote for on election day, a presidential candidate if the secret service management is not purged at the top and told to retire or fired.


I'm really sorry. This is crazy. The counter sniper advance lead witnessed law enforcement running towards the A GR building, but the thought didn't cross his mind to inform the president's protective detail. Folks, they're running with their weapons drawn. Now you're probably asking yourself, I now have an answer to the question. Why was Trump still on the X and not brought off the stage? We're not brought off, off the stage. It was an unfathomable, unfathomable series of grotesquely stupid decisions.


And I've told you before, Layered Incompetence is intent, but the people responsible for pulling them off stage. Now, you know, we're not told about the threat. They were told that something was being worked. Now, I'm telling you as a secret service agent, again, let me listen. Listen to what I just said. Layered Incompetence is intent, but the people responsible for pulling them off the stage were only told. And now, you know, according to the report that something was being worked. That's a real problem because if you've been in the Secret Service like I have, it is not even remotely uncommon at outdoor rallies to hear that particular language.


And the problem is, the people who did this did not relay the specific threat, which is an such an unbelievably stupid incompetent decision combined with everything else. People are starting to ask some really serious questions. You're working as potential shooter. That's what you put out on the radio. You're taught that in training 1 0 1. You don't just put out some generic, Hey, there's a something's happening. That's not what you do. Is it a medical, is it a tactical? Is it a chem bio? Is it an IED? Is it an airborne threat? Is there a fire you got? All of these responses are different.


You don't just throw out there something's happening. The lead advance agent was told that credible intelligence existed of a threat, but still wrote in a security planning document that there was no adverse intelligence. Oh my gosh, I Layered incompetence folks is intent. Here. I'm gonna explain this one to you and then we'll move on. I got a couple other things to get to. On July 10th, the US PI USSS Pittsburgh Field Office sent a letter to the FBI requesting any intelligence related to Trump in a rally.


The FBI didn't respond to the letter or share intelligence, invest in information with the Secret Service in response. Oh my gosh, let me tell you what happened here. If anyone in the chat, by the way, is even remotely confused about how I feel about this, you're not listening to what I'm telling you. Layered Incompetence is intent. Is intent. Do you understand what I'm telling you? Let me explain this letter though. These letters go out every time there's a trip every time the Secret Service has been sending 'em out since I was an agent back in 1999, the letter is sent to the FBI.


It is nothing more. You ready? It's nothing more than a CYA thing. They are not taken seriously. It is a, it goes in the protection file. The supervisors in these districts, or the Secret Service field officers only sending out, they're only sending these out as a CYA thing. The FBI gets 'em all the time, every time there's a protectee in it, it don don't even know how to. It's like you get in a receipt in a restaurant for dinner sometimes. Most of you barely look at the receipt. You just give 'em the credit card one day you're gonna get ripped off. Listen to what I'm telling you. They've been sending these things out since 1999, but earlier than that, way before I got on, they go in a protection file.


That's the only reason it's done is to CYA. Oh, we asked the FBI if there's anything going on, nobody takes these things seriously. Well, Dan, that sounds like it could create a dangerous situation. Okay? Yes, You knew all this. Man, you listening to my show, you already knew all this. I had a couple more of it just, I mean, this is just, this threat is real. Folks, how many times do I gotta be right on this? Who, who's, who steered you wrong here? I told you in August of last year from a whistleblower Look at the show.


It's episode, what? 2071. Go watch the show today and listen to the language. Sounds oddly familiar to stuff in this report, right? I'm I'm telling you, this threat is real. Trump knows it's real. And if we don't clean out the top of the Secret Service, he ain't gonna make it to Inauguration Day. Take a quick break. I've got a few other points on this, including an it's more shocking information coming out about the pre-op level of surveillance here.


Hey, it's time for tailgating season and of course, cookouts with lots more grilling left in the season. The experts at Omaha Steaks are inviting you to Savor Summer with 50% off sitewide during their Labor Day sale. Plus, you're get an extra $20 off we'll buying promo code bonino for five generations. Omaha Steaks has brought you endless flavor, endless variety and endless value with premium proteins that are sure to satisfy. And it doesn't stop there. You'll enjoy big savings on premium pork and chicken scrumptious sides, and of course, decadent desserts to sweeten a deal. I've been a fan of Oma steaks for a long time. The steaks, the chicken, the burgers are absolutely spectacular. You put 'em on a toasted bun. Mm, whether you're having a cookout or getting fired up for Tailgating Saver summer with 50% off Sitewide during the Omaha Steaks Labor Day Sale. Shop today at Omaha Steaks dot com and get an extra $20 off when you use promo code Bunge, you know, at checkout. Plus every purchase is backed by their unconditional money back guarantee. Minimum purchase may apply. Visit Omaha Steaks dot com for details. Thank you. Omaha Steaks.


Folks, I want you to watch this. This is a, a quick hit. It's only about 20 seconds. This is a Laura Ingram show. Matt Whitaker was on there last night. They were talking about Laura Ingram brings up, she's a lawyer, she's not stupid. The level of pre-operational surveillance involved here. If in the second assassination attempt with the pink shirt wearing guy, this guy had been out there for months. Folks, this was not just watch this clip. I'll tell you what I think on the other side. Check this out. He Was at these locations on multiple times, surveilling or casing the joints, as they would say, and nobody notices. That's also just very odd, especially since he should have been on everybody's radar, given his past.


This is what I was discussing with Avita this morning. The guy had already tripped five or six different alarms, apparently from various entities based on his overseas activities, activities in Ukraine and elsewhere. And magically, this guy wasn't on anyone's watch list. He wasn't on some bolo. Be on the lookout for folks. This doesn't make any sense, okay? When I was an agent, when you were doing a site advance in whatever Omaha, Nebraska, you would get a portfolio of people and it would say like, this guy threatened the president.


This guy threatened this guy's kids. This guy's a lookout. And you would've a bolo be on the lookout not to arrest him because they didn't do anything now, but to make sure they didn't come into the site. How the, how was this guy engaged in pre-op surveillance, had a freaking GoPro camera and all these foreign contacts and nobody seemed to know bullshit. Don't think the Iranian threat is the exclusive. This is not a zero sum threat game. Am am I getting, is this making sense guys? 'cause I have a feeling like I'm, there are people who don't understand what I'm saying and I'm really gonna, I'm, I'm gonna be disappointed in myself. The threat game is not zero sum.


If me, Avita and Michael were bad guys from like a Batman comic and we all have an interest in making Robin go away, we may never talk to each other at all. But someone on top who's like the crime lord of the city may get wind that all of us wanna get rid of Robin and may facilitate it. So all three of us get rid of Robin without any of us snowing. It's actually better off, as a matter of fact, that we don't know each other's plans. Why? Why? Because if one gets caught, then he doesn't give up the other two. This is not a zero sum threat matrix. I am extremely suspicious here that there may be some significant swamp activity going on here.


There is no way this guy did all this stuff and evaded detection the entire time and didn't pop on anyone's radar. There's just no way. Here's quick. Here's Ron Johnson on with Benny Johnson. He was on his show. And Ron Johnson, who's getting briefed on this, by the way, hints at the end at exactly what I'm telling you, that it sounds like there may be something more nefarious going on here than just a couple chuckleheads who tried to kill Donald Trump. 'cause they were loners folks. The freaking story does not make any sense. I'm sorry, check this out. Well, and you know, CIA has to have a file on him when he is in the, in Ukraine.


CBP was tipped off. I mean, they questioned him. Homeland Security Investigations didn't follow up on that. So again, that's why the federal government, you know, let some guy like that slip through their fingers. If, if not, if there's not even potentially something more nefarious, so they're not turning over the records, we may never get them Folks, why are they not turning over the records? Does that make any sense to you? If nobody had anything to hide and there wasn't a more sophisticated plot, remember deep staters, intelligence assets, foreign governments, people who hate Donald Trump, they all may have the same interests in line, but they may not know about each other's separate plots.


Why? Why are they not? Why, why are they not being open and honest about information? Alright, I'm gonna take my last break and I'm gonna get into the campaign stuff because folks, I'm obviously worried that if Donald Trump wins, we may not get to January with this continued elevated threat level. And I can't express to you enough. I'm not telling you everything I know because I have sources here. I have to protect. I give someone my word and they say, don't say anything. You're not gonna act like an asshole and then go on air and go, oh, screw you. I'm not going to, there's, I promise you, I'm not steering you wrong. He is in real trouble with these clowns in charge.


Now. They're all too busy covering their own asses and bit of good news. Kamala Harris campaign is in a world of trouble, A world of trouble.


Hey, you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Listen, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. It's about the toll. Poor sleep can take on every aspect of your life. But guess what? There's hope on the horizon. It comes in the form of Beams Dream powder. It's been a game changer for me. Seeing we're sleeping well, we're sharper, more focused and ready to tackle whatever life throw our way. And today my listeners get a special discount on Beams Dream Powder. There's science backed hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. Better sleep is never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause the next day grogginess. But Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of REI Magnesium, Athenian Apigenin and Melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. You wanna try Beam's bestselling dream powder beams now offering Buno Show listeners an exclusive discount. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you go to shop beam.com/bonino and use code bonino at checkout. Check it out. Get a good night's sleep. Shop BE m.com/bonino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off.


And our last sponsor today, Mike Lindell and My Pillow. They've have a pa they have a passion to help everyone get the best sleep of their life. But he didn't stop by simply creating the best pillow. Mike created the best bedsheets ever. They look and feel great, which means an even better night's sleep for me, which is crucial with my busy schedule. Mike's offering the best deal on his MyPillow Giza Dream bedsheets. You can get a set of Giza sheets for as low as 29 99. First night you sleep on these sheets. You'll never wanna sleep on anything else. Mike's making a special offer for my listeners. You can get a set of Giza sheets for as low as twenty nine ninety nine. Call 806 3 7 4 9 8 2. Use promo code Dan or go to mypillow.com. Make sure you use the promo code. Dan. Don't miss the best deal on my pillows, dream bedsheets. The number again is 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2. Use promo code Dan.


Guys, it is hot as hell in here after a Vita show. You gotta turn the air it's down now. I'm dying. I'm seriously, I'm, it's, I turned it down. You gotta turn the thing down. It's like a freaking, I'm not cutting folks and I am not cutting weight for a UFC match. I, if I'm look like I'm, it's, it is hot as fucking here. Pardon my line. Wait, I, I can't work like this. I need, you gotta, I'm serious. You gotta turn the ac I'm dying in here. I got a fan going freaking AC on my head. I'm sweat my, I I'm, I got sweat coming outta everywhere. Holy Moose. Get me some Lumi or something. Holy shit. My gosh. It is, but it's like a hundred degrees in here.


Shit is like, is it bad enough yet? Are we talking about like the climate control and I'm not even talking about the election anymore. You guys are killing me Here. You turn it down. Okay, I'm in trouble. But three markers. Kamala Harris's campaign is in bigger trouble. Number one, she's doing something so obviously counterintuitive right now. you know, it's being done out of a sense of panic. She's talking about a trip to the border. Why the hell would Kamala Harris wanna take a trip to the border when she's the border czar with an open border? That is the number one or number two issue concerning every American. The answer is the internal polls and the Harris campaign folks must be a thousand times worse than the polls you're seeing publicly.


So she's, this is, this is nothing more than a Hail Mary that this even, who is it? Mark Penn, who's a democrat. Pollster was like, what is she doing? Like why bring attention to this issue? Second, she's releasing another economic plan. Of course there aren't gonna be any specifics. The thing's gonna be all bullshit. But she's releasing this plan because again, the internals on our campaign must be a thousand times worse than what you're seeing publicly. Third, another sign. She's in deep, deep shit. She now wants to CNN debate. She won't debate on Fox, but she's desperate for another debate. Her campaign, the fake AstroTurf gaslighting ladies and gentlemen is over when New York Times Sienna and Quinnipiac, which have all been pretty friendly to Democrats over the last few election cycles, are sounding the alarm about Kamala Harris.


you know, you're in trouble. I want you to listen to this Fi a Fox Martha McCallum clip on a New York Times Sienna poll. She's in real trouble. Folks, check this Out. The crucial battleground states. He now leads Vice President Harris by five in Arizona. Remember Arizona was just down to, you know, tens of thousands of votes, very slim margin in 2020, he trailed by five last month in Arizona. So that's a move in the New York Times Sienna College poll to his benefit, he is up two points in North Carolina right now after trailing there by two in August. And he is hanging onto his four point lead in the state of Georgia.


I can't say this enough, man. The guy runs between nine and five points ahead, or five and nine points ahead of every national poll. Is it silent Trump voters? I got a clip I'm hopefully gonna get to tomorrow on the show about that. How a number of voters now are saying don don't like Trump, but I liked his policies. Those are the people in polls who I guarantee are either hanging up the phone when they're asked the question 'cause they can't reconcile not liking him with having to vote for him 'cause they know he is better. Do you get what I'm saying? They, they can't tell anyone they're not ready. But I'm telling you, when they go into voting Booth cha-ching, they're gonna vote for Trump.


He is gonna outperform his polls by probably four to six points. I have zero doubt. Remember also, the national polling means nothing. If national polling from New York Times Sienna and Quinnipiac has Kamala Harris tied or even ahead by one, and Trump runs three, four points ahead. There is absolutely zero math for her to win. No red wave bullshit. I don't wanna hear it. I'm just telling you she is in panic mode, folks. I I, I'm always candid with you, I don't have the deep sourcing I did on other campaigns, especially Obama's. You probably figured that out. I don't have as deep a sourcing on Harris as I did on Biden either, where I got I can always get kind of the inside take from people who know people.


But the sources I have are not terrible. Panic is breaking out. They are in legit trouble. Here's Chris Coons, who's one of, I guess our surrogates, a senator from Delaware. Just a goofball. Here he is on CNBC and he doesn't have an answer again for the Kamala Harris economic plan. And folks, listen to me. This is the most important takeaway from this segment. Why Kamala's in trouble? Voters hate a vacuum. They hate it. Voters. They don't like a vacuum. They need something to vote for anything undecided Communists are gonna vote. Comm hardcore Democrats are gonna vote Harris, I get that.


Undecided voters, you, you have to give them something. Kamala Harris will not answer anything on the death penalty on guns, nothing on the economy. So here's Chris Coons and what does he do? Tries to blame Trump. But here's the problem they're having. Trump isn't a vacuum. Everybody remembers what the Trump presidency was like, and he's out in front of the cameras every day. Nobody likes a vacuum. She can't possibly win like this. And this is why she's making those three changes. Check this out these Days. Do you believe that they deserve to know specific details about her economic plan? Should you know what your tax rate is going to be?


Or at least what she believes your tax rate should be before you go to the polls? Should you know what the regulatory sort of regime in her perfected world would look like? I, I think these are sort of singular important questions. And you could say maybe you're not supposed to know these things, but I think that's what people wanna understand. She's laid out a broad vision for what are her priorities. And I think your average American voters gotta look at the chaos, the unpredictability, the sort of careening around the field of the former president Folks. What he's describing is a vacuum.


Let me give you the glossary to Democrat euphemisms. She's laid out a broad vision. She is a broad vision, meaning she said absolutely nothing specifically on any issue that actually matters. So what happens? Voters fill in the blanks. Trump is not a vacuum. You don't have to like him. But a lot of people remember times being a lot better in the Trump administration. That's why she is in a world of electoral pain right now. If we execute and you go out and bring 10 people with you, I see very little chance, very little chance. She pulls through.


How bad does it have to be? Do you see this clip on CBS? This doesn't open your eyes, don don't know what will, don't tell me. Signs don't matter. I ran for office. If you go back and listen to my election, pre-election episode in 2016, I think it's only on SoundCloud or maybe Apple or something. I don't even know if it's still there. I predicted Donald Trump winning. It's not because I'm some genius or the Stig in witches folks. I was in Florida, I was running for office. There were Trump signs everywhere, folks, everywhere. This stuff matters. It shows a level of grassroots support. Here's a CBS commentator having to acknowledge they drove through this area.


It was all Trump signs. Check this out. When we drove Through those cornfields, just about every line had a Trump sign. Yeah. Flags everywhere. Billboards everywhere. Trump campaign offices almost on every other block, Folks. It's a CBS mornings, man. You see how all this other stuff is AstroTurf. Look at his favorability thing you see with Kamala Harris. This was an M-S-N-B-C thing. Kamala Harris's favorability, 28% on January of 2024, the lowest number ever recorded for a vice presidential candidate. Absolutely nothing has changed. She's the same radical, failed, incompetent, no leadership skills, having losers.


She's always been, and all of a sudden, what her approval rate for 48%. One, I don't believe it, don don't believe that number at all. But second, it shows you as this is starting to collapse now, which it is, as the polls are starting to reflected that, that was all media AstroTurf. Sooner or later, Harris has to give them something. you know, they, they put out a skeleton out there. Kamala Harris is great. She's not the shitty candidate we told you about. She has to go put skin and muscle on it. And she couldn't do it. She totally failed. First. Her favorability rating when she ran the first, Yeah, her favorability rating. Even the, yeah, the first time is it was lower than it is now. 2% or so, folks, people can feel the, when, when you are in a vacuum and you don't put skin and muscle on the bone, okay?


People feel it. They will fill the vacuum. They can feel the economy, they can see the crime crisis. They can see the immigration crisis. I'm playing. You left wingers to show you how awful this thing is for her. Here was Jamie Diamond. Remember when he said this? Here, here's Jamie Diamond. This guy is no conservative. Big bank, CEO Kat, right? He's talking on CNBC. And he brings up the point that his liberal friends in New York City are starting to really get pissed off about the immigration crisis. These are the people who, I promise you may not vote for Trump, but I don't think they're gonna vote for heresy. They may sit this one out.


And I'm gonna explain to you my negative one zero plus one plus two theory of voting in a second. Because if you don't understand this, you don't understand voting. Check this out. If you Do not control the borders, you are going to destroy our country. And so I think the people who think that somehow this is okay, so now that, you know, they're sending the imi, the migrants into New York and stuff like that. So all of my super liberal friends, now, they realize what a problem is. Did it, did it have to be that? you know, that we realize that. So we want to be, have a big heart for the, for the world. But we have to con I get a lot of this. This is here. I'm getting this. I'm I I, I read you guys on Twitter too. Why is Dan saying the lie of Trump, of Iran wanting to kill Trump?


I'm telling you right now this, I get tons of these folks. I wouldn't read you the feedback on the air if it wasn't important. I'm telling you right now, you are being played so badly by people with an agenda. I don't even wanna say what it is. You figure it out. You're being played for suckers. You think Trump is. If if you think Donald Trump is stupid and he put that tweet out yesterday and the team around him is stupid, then don't vote for him and, and you'll let him get killed. I want you to read this again. So the former secret service guy who's been right about everything, collusion, Spygate, the Ukraine scandal, read my book about Ukraine, who is called out the Ukrainian role and election interference is telling you with direct knowledge, the fucking Iran threat is real.


Trump is telling you, and you are telling me it's a lie. I I know what's coming next. The Jews made it up or something. You, you stick with that. And I promise you, when something else happens, you're gonna be like, maybe we should have listened to Bonino. I wouldn't bring it up if I didn't get y whatever. Moving on, I I, I can only I, can I I can only lead you to what? You don't wanna drink it. You wanna piss in it? Instead, go right ahead. What, what, what, what could I po What skin could I possibly have in this game to make that up?


You realize the people telling me this could potentially be killed themselves by this, that they may ha whatever. I, I'm just pissed off. Shit annoys that doing it. I love doing my show, but I I can't help, I I can't fix, I can't fix some of this stuff. There are people who are just convinced that they know better. And I say 'em, okay, what, what evidence do you have? What? Show me a shred of evidence that this Iranian thing is, is it fake? It's made up. Show me, show me your evidence, your actual evidence. Not what you think. All right. Getting back to what I was talking about.


I'm sorry, but I care about this guy folks personally, and I care about the people around him and his family. And I know a lot of these people personally, someone is gonna die. It's not time to fuck around and play stupid fucking games and say dumb ass shit. Because I'm telling you, the guy is gonna get fucking killed. How many times do I have to call it? These are our own people. These are our own people out there.


Get stuff, stuff gets me distracted, man. I'm got the dog here. That's the good news. Lucy came over. Lucy, come say hello. Say hello to everyone. Lucy's just chilling over here. Maybe we'll do Lucy mom, bring Lucy over. Have Lucy say hello. So I can calm down here. 'cause I just can't do. Look at it. Say hello, Lucy, say hello. There we go. Look at it there. Take a geba. He's not here. He is over at the news studio. What do you think folks in the chat? You like Lucy there, Lucy? Yeah. Well, Lucy's waving to the camera.


All right. I did wanna explain this to 'cause this, this is why I think the Kamala Harris team is in a world of trouble. If I ever explained to you my minus one zero plus one plus two voting strategy, folks, voting is not a strict plus one minus one game. That's not the way you like that, that people put motley's up, it said like the new dog emoji. The reason Donald Trump's campaign is doing really well right now and Kamala Harris isn't, is because unlike the prior campaigns, there are constituencies that have voted for Democrats in 2016 or 2020 Hispanic voters, black voters.


I hate demographic breakdowns, but the Democrats fall in love with this stuff. So we gotta play the game too. They have voted for the other side. They are not reluctant voters. Voters who didn't do anything. They're not as, when I say a zero, I'm not talking about obviously measuring their characteristics. I'm talking about a strict math equation. When you get a voter who had voted Democrat in the past, and you flip them folks, they're a plus two because they take away a vote from someone in the past on the Democrat side and give you one. It's a move of two spots. It's a move from negative one to zero to positive one.


The Trump team is not only doing that by recruiting a bunch of black and Hispanic voters. The Trump team is also taking a bunch of zeros. I mean, zeros vote wise, vote count. Again, don't take, don't use that as some kind of character analysis. People who've never voted in the past, who now for the first time are like, you know what I really like Donald Trump would, would never consider voting Republican. And they're voting too. It's a huge deal, man. The plus two is the greatest thing you can do because you move someone away from the Democrats and into your column. I wanna jump ahead. Can you put the Sandra Smith thing on with Kelly Hyman instead?


I wanna get to that one. 'cause I'm, I wanna get some good stuff here. I want you to watch what happens here. This is why a lot of people, Hispanic voters, black male voters, black female voters are moving away from Kamala Harris and are moving towards Donald Trump. This is a plus two move. It's not just a plus one. It's huge. It's why it's causing her a lot of problems in Pennsylvania, especially with the Philadelphia vote and elsewhere. Here's this woman, Kelly Hyman on Fox and probably one of the most disastrous appearances you'll ever hear. Sandra Smith is not some big MAGA person. She's not looking to make any, I've known Sandra Smith for a while, trust me. She, she, she think considers herself more of a journalist. She's not so much an opinion person.


She doesn't really have any dog in the fight with making you look stupid on the show or you'll never come back. She has this Harris, Sega Kelly Hyman on the show, right? I have never seen an appearance go worse than this in my life. This is what happens when you create a vacuum on policy and you're asked to go on the air and defend it. Folks, people see this stuff. This is why the woman's campaign is falling apart. Check this out Paris' Plan. Well wait, okay? There's there, there's a lot of aspects to it in regards to looking at it online. So let's talk about lowering the grocery costs, because that's something that's brought, brought up. You, the viewers can look at this online. She talks about certain things in regards to advancing the first federal ban on price gouging on food and groceries to set clear rules to the road to make it clear that big corporations can't unfairly exploit consumers as well.


Is that happening? It's secure new. Is that happening? Could, it's not at this moment, no. This is her plan that's laid out for the first a hundred days when she becomes president of the United States of America. Is that currently happening In regards to the, I don't know exactly if that's currently happening or not, because I'm not privy to that type of information. Okay. But there are, people are costing, costing a lot of money in regards to, to groceries, Okay. It seems like, And that potentially You're having a hard time articulating or plan. I'm not, IM honestly, that's not true. Please, I, I'm constantly being interrupted by you, which I as a woman, I, I think is, is disrespectful when I'm trying to speak every time I try and speak you, I've given you a lot of time.


You speak over me, Okay? Final thought. Thank you so much for having me. Okay? I was giving you time there. Alright, thank you very much. I appreciate you joining. So she gives her a final thought to articulate Kamala Harris's bold vision for the economy moving forward. Broad vision too. And what does she say? Oh hey, thanks for having me. I'm outta here. This is what happens when you create a vacuum. People fill it in folks. This woman is a disaster. Now I'm gonna make a prediction. I had Jim flag it yesterday. We could double flag it if you'd like. And as folks, I said this, I'm pretty sure before this happened yesterday I did thank you flags in the chat.


I did not know about this appearance. I promise you, I'm not trying to sound like some kind of carac from the Johnny Carson show. But what happens in elections if you've ever run in them is if you know you can't win in a straight up convert the independence fight, right? You have to go back to your base and make, make it a mega base election. You have to just say, okay, I give up. I have tried with my broad vision for the economy to convert independence. It's not happening. We have now gotta get our base to come out and get the zeros off the bench. Remember what I was talking about before? In other words, people who are registered democrats, IER base, we gotta get them off the bench 'cause Kamala Harris knows she's not gonna get a plus two.


Kamala Harris, I promise you, is getting no Trump supporters to un vote Trump and revote her the plus twos. It's not happening. She's given up on this. So the only way to get the zeros off the bench to get a plus one is a mega base election. And the only way to do a mega base election is to start saying stuff that is increasingly radical and will appeal to the fringe on the left wing that may still be sitting on the bench. I said that yesterday, Jim, you remember it? I told you to flag it. I get off the air, I'm doing show prep. This article pops at the Wall Street Journal. Kamala Harris now wants to dump the filibuster folks.


If Kamala Harris gets in office, Chuck Schumer's the Senate majority leader and Hakeem Jeffries is the speaker of the house. The Democrats have now told you that Senate filibuster is out the window. Schumer says he has the votes. If the filibuster goes out the window, every single thing that you can envision that would bring about a US dystopia, illegals registering to vote, you know, card check, confiscatory taxes, unrealized gains taxes, government controller, healthcare, you know, shitty Medicaid plans for everyone.


All of that stuff is gonna happen because there's gonna be a 51 vote threshold. Kamala Harris saying yesterday on a public radio station, I believe in Wisconsin, that she's gonna dump the filibuster is prima fascia evidence of exactly what I told you. She knows right now this is a mega base election. She has given up, the vacuum approach has not worked. The economy vacuum approach hasn't worked. So now she's gonna start saying increasingly radical stuff. Also the weaponization of government. You are gonna hear more stuff like this. This is Hillary Clinton. How do you feel if we lose about being deprogrammed?


Oh, she didn't say that. Really listen to yourself. Probably so many of those extremists, those MAGA extremists take their marching orders from Donald Trump who has no credibility left by any measure. He's only in it for himself. He's now defending himself in civil actions and criminal actions and when do they break with him? you know, because at some point, you know, maybe there needs to be a formal deprogramming of the cult members, but something needs to happen. So we've had Hillary Clinton and Kamala Harris just in the last couple of days. We've replayed clips of them talking about deprogramming. Hillary Clinton talking about putting these MAGA people in jail.


Talk about dumping the filibuster. Folks, the nightmare is not coming. The nightmare is here. You have a chance if you execute and bring 10 people with you to the polls, you have a chance to turn this train around. I'm begging you as your friend and I'm, I'm sorry I got distracted before about stuff. I think you can tell I'm pretty passionate about this. There's a lot of stuff to get to and I should just stay on target. I don't mean to waste your time, but I hope you guys understand. You guys are with me every day. I'm just a guy. I don't have superpowers. I get distracted. But this is too important of a time to say the same thing two or three times and that's on me.


It's totally on me. I made my point. I should have just moved on because this is way too important of an election to keep screwing around, man. It is time to execute and bring 10 people with you. How do you feel about more of this? you know, FCC commissioner, Brendan Carr seems like a pretty good guy. Read some of his op-eds. He was on Glen Beck's show talking about this disaster, which I'm gonna get to now and on the radio today too. you know, George Soros is talking about buying or actually has engaged in a, this agreement to buy a bunch of radio stations from Odyssey around the country.


Here's the FCC Commissioner. They look at this kind of stuff from a bureaucracy lens at the United States government. He's asked a pretty simple question. Why do you think a big left wing mega donor like George Soros would buy all these stations right before an election? You think it's for some benevolent business purpose? Listen to the answer. It's pretty telling. We are told everywhere that radio is a dying medium. Why would George Soros want to invest this kind of money? What, what did he say in his request? It's a good question. I mean, look, I I don't know a lot of billionaires right now that with all of the options for where they're gonna place their money, so sitting around saying, you know what really kicks off a lot of cash right now are local radio stations maybe, maybe.


But if if anything, we're seeing the opposite. We're seeing a flight of capital from local broadcasting because it's so challenged right now with competition from sure, you know, social media companies and over the top providers. So maybe there's a business case there that, that they're smart enough to see that everyone else doesn't see. But that's really not the direction of the capital we're seeing right now, Folks. He's, he, he, he's basically saying that it's not a whole bunch of people investing in specific mediums is a capital and enhancing thing. In other words, it's probably a political reason. Why would a left wing mega donor buy a bunch of radio stations around the country? I made my point yesterday. I'm gonna make it again today, folks.


If George Soros, don don't know if we're on any stations. I got Jim looking into it that he will own or owns now, but some of you may say, well you should probably, you know, quit those stations. No, no, we shouldn't at all. We should use those stations to tell Soros to pardon the language again. But we tell him to go fuck himself on the, on his stations. Don't you think? And let him fire us. Isn't it that much better? I mean the, the, the revenue from these stations is minimal. Folks. I'm a, I work for Westwood, I don't work for that company Odyssey. It doesn't matter. I may be on some of those stations, but I don't work for these George Soros stations at all. I work for a completely separate company. You've got Salem, premier, Westwood, and then Odyssey and then there's a couple others.


Bonneville, I don't work, I work for Westwood. So that's the radio syndicator. But we may be under stations. Wouldn't it be great on so stations to to, to tell him to go f himself that that's the way to go. That's the way to do it. Make 'em fire us, be glorious and then let all the locals complain when he pulls us off the radio station. That's the way to roll. I told you he can kiss my ass. I'll say it over and over again. I have absolutely zero fear of being fired, terminated any of that stuff. Don't care at all. You already saw what I did with the other stuff before when we had the vaccine mandate thing I got rid of. I don't, I give zero shits about that stuff.


You stay on his stations and you tell the entire world who George Soros is. No fear, no fear 'cause he isn't bad enough. T-shirt came from prosecutors supported by George Soros. Folks, thanks again for tuning in. Hey Rumble, we have Rumble Premium as an option. Now if you don't like the ads, I understand, sign up for Rumble Premium. We really appreciate it. Helps us get around that cancel culture nonsense too. You can watch the show for free. However, if you'd like rumble.com/bonino, just click that subscribe follow button right there. We deeply appreciate it. We're over 3 million subscribers. Also, give us a follow on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. I'll see you on The radio show here a little bit, and back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM for the live stream.


Thanks for tuning in. See you tomorrow. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.