
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host, Dan Bonino. Ah, sorry, I'm just getting up doing some air squats there. You guys just show me, I hear this thing. If you contract your muscles, they release these chemicals into your body and they get you going, and gets you moving. So, right guys, you always see me doing these. Do some military presses with my bad shoulders. Do some fake chest flies, pack flies, some air squats before the show. It gets some good night's Sleep.


Helix sleep suffering. 27% off. 27% of sight wide plus two free pillows with a mattress purchase. Just visit Helix sleep.com/dan.


Folks, I've got a big show for you today. Of course, just broke before we got on the air. The TikTok, it's not a ban. I wish they would stop referring to it as that the, the law against TikTok having foreign ownership was upheld by the Supreme Court. We're gonna get into that also. I, I, I had President Trump on the show yesterday. He was fantastic. It was one of the best interviews we've had with him. He does a number of good interviews, but yesterday was really on point. We covered a lot of territory, so we're gonna bring up some of that and discuss it. Also, there's a whole bunch of rumors going around. I haven't seen it yet from President Trump about the Secret Service Director. Of course, my name, no matter how many times I bring this up, continues to get dragged into it by anti-Trump people, by left wing lunatics.


I don't know how many times I gotta clear the air on this. If you just listen to my show, you wouldn't have to reach out to me for comment, like a thousand media people did yesterday. And I'm not talking about the one I actually talked to. You know your name. So she, she's wonderful. But I I, I've, I've told you this, I, I don't know how many times I have to say it. I know a lot of you are asking me for my opinion. Alright, I'll give it to you, but I'm not gonna get emotional about it because I believe in outcomes. I'm gonna tell you some things we need to happen. If they don't happen, you can form your own opinion.


Hey, with, we may have won the election to fight, to restore our Great Nation's. Only beginning. Now is the time to take a stand. Patriot Mobile's leading the charge as America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you'll get outstanding nationwide coverage 'cause they operate on all three major networks. You have a cell phone service if you have cell phone service. You can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. Here's the difference. Every dollar you spend with Patriot Mobile Sports, a company believes in the Bill of Rights. Second Amendment, the sanctity of life are veterans and first responders. Switchings easy. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade their one Hundred percent US based customer support team will help you find the perfect plan. So right now, go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot and get a free month of service with the promo code. Dan, switch to Patriot Mobile today. Defend Freedom with every call and text you make. Visit Patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


All right, fellas, let's go. Very nice. Waited for the click Aoo from the fingers. First, let's address the story That just dropped a a i, I don't wanna call it some bombshell because that word is, as you well know, extremely overused way too much. It's pretty much to be expected. But there's the New York Slimes reports just now. Supreme Court backs the law requiring TikTok to be sold or, or banned. I just wanna clear up a couple things. Number one, well, let me just put, let me get this out first. I, I disagree with the law. I'll explain it a second, but I owe you an opinion upfront. 'cause it's an opinion show. You guys digest that Folks in the chat, I want to hear, I genuinely wanna hear your opinion.


You like this law. You hate this law because you guys are what matters. Let's clear something up though. It is not a ban. It is not a ban. It is not a First Amendment issue on its face. The law basically says that TikTok is fine as long as it divests from its attachment to the Chinese Communist Party. I just told you I disagree with the law, but it's really important that we don't get emotional about it. And we speak about what the law, we speak about what the law actually is, not what people want it to be because for political reasons, people on both sides of the aisle trying to blame everyone else because TikTok is popular and they think they're gonna get the youth vote.


That's what's behind us. They're like, Donald Trump banned TikTok. Joe Biden banned TikTok. Chuck Schumer banned TikTok, John Tomb ban. You see what they're doing? It's not a ban. They have said to the Chinese Communist Party, at least affiliated people running TikTok, you cannot have this attachment and have this media presence in the United States. That's what they've said. TikTok has an amended, they've almost made the decision if they go offline Sunday, to ban themselves. Again, I disagree with it. I'm just telling you what it is. Why? Because TikTok could sell the company. Now, you may say, Dan, well that's a Hobson's choice.


It's either this horse or no horse at all. Okay, fair enough. But it is not a de jore ban. Maybe it's a defacto one. I'll, I'll settle on that. TikTok doesn't want to sell. They're saying we'd rather pull the thing off the market. Well, I guess we'll see what happens on Sunday. Again, quickly before I move on to Secret Service and other things that were all over the news. I got, I got a thousand phone calls last night. I'm so, I've told people, just listen to the damn show. I promise you I'm not gonna hide anything from you. Okay? I disagree with the bill. Why? Because folks, it is not a secret that the Chinese Communist Party has at least some degree of attachment to TikTok. And yes, they are absolutely using it for propaganda and to probably harvest data.


You know that, I know that I use TikTok. I use it for show prep because it's good for clips. I, I, I am well aware of the fact that they are probably monitoring what's going on in my account. Folks, my for you page is about Caesar, the Roman Empire Life Hacks cold plunges. The effects of Sauna, Dr. Rhonda Huberman. I mean, I don't really know what they could be harvesting. I'm on there on a separate phone. I use that phone for show prep. I, I don't know. If you don't like it, then don't use the app. I'm a big boy rules guy. I'm sorry. I mean, there's a guy on Twitter this morning like trashing me on, oh, JIDO and Rumble and stuff.


The guy's on Rumble. You don't see me telling Chris to see, Hey, can we get rid of this guy? You can't be a free speech guy and not be a free speech guy. That don't mean legal free speech. It's not a First Amendment issue. It's not. I just mean you know the rules. You don't like TikTok. Then get off TikTok. Alright, enough on that I just said just happened and I wanna make sure you have my thoughts on it. 'cause it's an opinion show. Folks. I got just eaten a lot. Last night was not a good night for me. I slept like a champion. I feel great today, but I did not feel good last night. And you know, one of the things I that I hear from you most often that creates this attachment between me and my audience is you guys say to me that often the greatest compliment in the world is, Hey Dan, the show feels authentic.


That's 'cause it is, folks. I'm not gonna fake it. And if something makes me look bad, then it's my obligation to kind of talk about it, honestly, even if it makes me look bad, because it's not up to me to sit here and pretend to be something I'm not. I have said repeatedly, there are some internet rumors and some reporting by credible reporters, including, including Susan Crabtree, who's very well sourced by the way, that the next director of the Secret Service is going to be Sean Kern. I'm gonna tell you in advance all the disclosures you need so you understand how I'm trying to be objective. But it's understandably hard. Sean Kern is a good friend. I've known a long time, a very long time. We've been through a lot together.


Sean is a good and decent and kind human being with a ton of character and a lot of, of, of dignity. And he's a patriot who loves his country. That's indisputable. Is Sean Kern the right man to be the Secret Service director? Ladies and gentlemen, I don't know that I, I know I, I'm sorry, but you're my audience and you, you looking for authenticity? And I'm not gonna forfeit it over a personal relationship before I get to Kern and Sean Kern and my opinion on that too. I just wanna say, I've said repeatedly to you, and I don't know why people keep reaching out to me. Stop asking me this question.


I had zero input. The first conversation I've had about this was yesterday. That is it. I have had zero input. You guys impart upon that what you want. I'm just giving you the facts. Nobody has reached out to me about this at all. Nobody, I I, you want me to sit here and tell you this? I I am, I am that like John Fun, right? Fellas, you got that John fun piece that I'm the guy sitting there pushing the buttons of the transition team. John, fun from National View says that I was in, I, I was a, an integral figure in picking Pete Hegseth and Matt Gaetz. Folks, I'm not even an integral figure in picking the Secret service director.


I don't know what anybody's talking about. I have almost zero relationship with anybody on the transition team at all. I I, I don't understand. Like, you get these anti-Trump people, like Dan Bonino is a closet cabinet guy. He's advising Trump. And then you get these other people who are disappointed that I'm not more connected than I am. That's not who I am. I have a relationship with President Trump. It's a good one because we don't, I don't bother him. And that's it. But that is, I had nothing to do with this at all. Nobody called, nobody asked me anything. Now, having said that, I I, I will say I'm disappointed not in this selection.


We'll see what happens. I'm an outcome-based guy, but I'm disappointed because if these four things don't happen with the Secret Service at which by the way, no one's called and asked about at all, I, I mean it only involves a President's life. I mean, why would anyone give a shit, right? If I sound a little perturbed about that, I am, because I actually care about the president and I told him as much yesterday, I actually genuinely care about this guy staying alive. And I've told anybody who will listen, including him if he's not alive, none of this matters. The Secret Service is grotesquely unprepared to keep this guy alive for four years. They're not even prepared to keep this guy alive.


That the first year, there are four things that need to happen. And I need you to pay very close attention because is Sean gonna be a good director or not? He's a good man. He's a great man. Is he gonna be a good director? The answer, folks, I'm gonna taste your with not my first pick. It has nothing to do with his character. Four huge things need to happen. Number one, the Secret Service needs to dump investigations right away. I've said it a thousand times, I don't wanna recover this segment. You guys are bored of it. If the Secret Service does not stop wasting over 50% of its manpower, chasing counterfeit bills at a seven 11 at midnight, rather than keeping President Trump alive, someone's gonna get dead fast.


End of story. There is no protection agency on earth, private sector or public sector that if they went to a CEO and said, we can't protect you today. 'cause our agents are out investigating a counterfeit bill at seven 11 that wouldn't be fired. The Secret Service gets away with it because they've been lying a congress forever. We need to do investigations. It makes better agents. That is so hilariously dumb. I'm stunned. Nobody in Congress has picked up on it. What really pisses me off is I've been working with members of Congress and you know who you are, many of them on a piece of legislation to fix this. Is Sean gonna do that? I hope so. I have not spoken to him about it, spoken to some other people. I really hope it does happen.


Or is he gonna go up there and defend investigations like every prior director, which is gonna in turn, lead to the next day Another complaint that the Secret Service doesn't have enough manpower. You can't have it polled ways. Either you manpower do another things or you don't have manpower power. Second, the DEI stuff has to go. Is he gonna fix that? I don't know. I choose not to get emotional about it. Passionate, not emotional. We're gonna see, he could be the change agent. He could. And if he is, believe me, all the accolades are gonna be on this show. The DEI stuff has to go. The Secret Service has been one of the worst offenders in the federal government at promoting people because of all kinds of ridiculous characteristics.


I can't even tell you how many times I heard, well, we need this many flankers around the presidential limo. One has to be black, one Hispanic, one woman. You're like, wait, what? I thought, we just wanted people to protect the president. They are the worst offenders. If Sean Kern is the next director, I haven't heard it from President Trump, by the way. So I, I'm kind of like, have to apply the Bonino rule, but it's hard to, because it's Friday and folks, I'm getting bombarded with questions. I can't go the week and without. Is he gonna scrap this DEI crap and just start promoting people, men, women, black, white, Asian, Jewish, Christian, Muslim according to Merit or because we gotta keep this guy alive? Or are we gonna continue with the DEI bullshit.


That's the second thing. Third, I told you in my congressional hearing, something I've been absolutely laser focused on, the Secret Service is the worst government agency by far on technology. They don't trust anything. We used to joke, and it's not funny, but we laughed about it at the time because it, you had to where you'd cry. The Secret Services motto was, yesterday's technology tomorrow, they're, they were using, what is it, smartware in the two thousands, if any of you know, computers, smartware is from like the forties or something smart. They didn't even use Smartware on like the Apollo missions.


It was so old. They don't know what they're doing with technology. It's because their people aren't comfortable with it. So they're afraid to get outside the box. The Secret Service needs massive private partnerships with technology companies and rail others to figure out how to leverage everything from AI to satellite technology to satellite internet, to geo locating, to anti drone technology, to drone technology, to surveillance cameras. They're, they are way, way behind. I've got on good authority. They are totally unprepared for the inauguration as well. I've warned you about it. Let's just hope luck strikes again.


The fourth thing, so we got investigations, the DEI crap, the technology problem, the fourth thing, the Secret Service has a massive problem. It has a huge culture problem. The culture at the Secret Service of doing more with less is one false. And it's been embedded into them that they should sacrifice the job to do more with less. They don't do more with less. They do less with more. Their budget's increased, and yet the protection is less effective. How do we know that? 'cause President Trump was almost killed twice. Christie Nome, who is going to be the boss of whoever runs the Secret Service?


It may be, I may not. I haven't heard anything official. Again, I wanna be clear, but the rumors out there, and I'm getting bombarded with questions and I'm gonna answer all this today. I've given my advice. It hasn't been taken. I really genuinely hope, as I put on Twitter last night, from the bottom of my heart of my really, that it works out. Christie Nome, who is going to be the DHS secretary, I don't see any problems there. She's had our confirmation hearing. It's actually going on right now. It's a pretty uneventful hearing. Again, you're free to tune in these hearings always kind of ding up our, our our, our, our live stream numbers a little bit. We lose about, you know, five, 10,000 people.


But that's good. It shows people are interested in current events. We make it up later. This one's really kind of uneventful. She's kind of an uncon uncontroversial nominee. She's, you know, she's not Christie No's not gonna like really light up anybody's partisan fires. So she was there, but here's a positive sign. Here's a very positive sign for the Secret Service. She clearly knows the investigations thing is a problem for the Secret Service. How do I know? Because here's what she just said about two hours ago. Play that cut guys. There's two elements really that the Secret Service is tasked with, and that is protective detail and then also investigations. Yet we see investigators within the Secret Service out there investigating antiquities and other things that are off mission when they should be focused on making sure we're addressing national security events with the protocols that are necessary and protecting the individuals that they're charged with.


Listen, I don't know Kristi no particularly well, but I know her enough. I hope she means that. And I think she does. There's no reason she would say it under oath in a confirmation hearing. She's just making it up. Whether you agree or disagree with her appointment, again, that's open for the MAGA world. Who I, I have the deepest res, we're the biggest MAGA show out there. So you guys obviously matter to me more than anyone that's open for debate. Tell me in the chat, you like her, yada, someone else is, is cash out? No, no. Cash is FBI Director Christie Nome is DHS Secretary. I'm watching the chat right now. You guys like to pick or don't is up to you. However, it's a really good sign that at least when it comes to the Secret Service, remember she's in charge of ICBP fema.


She's got a big HSI, she has a huge portfolio. Hundreds of billions of dollars in money, massive amounts of personnel. It's a big job. But the Secret Service has to be for her, I believe, priority one because if we can't keep this guy alive and fix this thing right away, and she's gonna be the supervisor of the director of the Secret Service. If she doesn't agree to get rid of investigations and work with Congress, 'cause they're gonna have to fix 18 USC 30 56, they're gonna have to rewrite that, then nothing's gonna happen. So there's a little bit of good news. At least she understands the problem. So I'm gonna leave it there folks. I had nothing to do with it. I gave my advice. It at this point doesn't appear like it was taken.


I'm happy to answer any questions. I'm happy to provide it. If you don't want it, that's fine. I'm it. I did not get elected president. I never ran for president. I ran for office. I lost if they wanted my political opinion in Congressional District six in Maryland, we would've won. We lost. However, you seem to like my political opinions. God had a different path for me. This is it. We're the number one MAGA show out there. The Mago sphere is here. It's here every single day. There's 126,000 of you here right now. There it is. And if I sound a little upset about things, I just, I promise you, I only have the boss's wellbeing in mind.


That is it. Nothing else. Okay? That's probably the hardest segment I've ever done because I realize that a lot of people aren't gonna be happy. And then left wingers will love that because I'm acknowledging what they've wanted to hear the whole time. You have lefties, you hate my guts. You want to hear, oh my gosh. They don't, he gave his advice and they ignored him. There you go. Let's just hope and pray that these changes happen and then maybe, ugh, it's just hard to talk about 'cause there's so much at stake. Alright, I got a lot coming up, including President Trump, who was nice enough to come on the radio show yesterday and spend about 15, 17 minutes with us.


Wide ranging, interview covered, the drones covered the not so smooth transition covered also the January 6th. That answer kind of lit up the internet yesterday. It's fascinating how many news outlets refused to cover it because it's the Dan Bonino show. Don't worry guys. That's why you're no longer the news. And we are, we got you folks.


A great story right here. A lady named Phyllis walks into a neighborhood pharmacy in New Jersey and asks the pharmacist for an antioxidant cream for her wrinkles. The pharmacist says, I'll compound one for you. Come back tomorrow. Phyllis uses the cream for three days, goes back to her dermatologist. The doctor just looking at her thinks she got got some work done. That's, believe it or not, how Genelle Skincare was born. Genelle Skincare is the official skincare Paula uses and of the Bonino army that was 25 years ago. Genelle ships millions of orders, yet they still have the same philosophy of antioxidants, the same base, and the same chef in the kitchen celebrating 25 years. G-E-N-U-C-E-L genus cells, offering the best pricing since Phyllis walked into that pharmacy. Right now, save over 70% off genus cell's. Complete skincare package featuring the genus cell under eye bags and puffing the serum jawline, sculpting, sculpting treatment. The immediate effects for results in minutes. Look, five, 10, even 15 years younger. Go to genus sell.com/dan genu sell.com/dan. It's a special gift. Every package order includes a bonus beauty box with two skincare bestsellers plus free priority shipping. Genu sell.com/dan genu sell.com/dan. Thank you genus sell.


So let's get to this. We broke so many new stories yesterday to President Trump. Deeply appreciate him coming on. Thank you to, to Margo and Dan Scavino and the rest of his team who were facilitated the, the interview yesterday. One of his first, I think he did Hugh Hewitt and another interview. So it's since he's been elected and we appreciated. I asked him yesterday about the transition, how Joe Biden is throwing every obstacle in his way. Folks, I've told you about what Joe Biden did with Cuba, pulling him off the state sponsor list. Joe Biden shoveling money out the door to hurt Donald Trump's GDP numbers and to pay off lobbyists. Joe Biden yesterday, putting out new Title IX NIL things that's gonna screw up all the college sports.


Did you see folks? It's, if you have, I I don't have time to go over all the things this guy's doing out the door. I'm just telling you, you can expect more damage over the weekend. We, this guy has a few more days to f your life up and he's gonna take it if you like college sports. He screwed up the whole NIL system yesterday. He basically said, you gotta give the same amount of money to men and female athletes. Really? So you're telling me that the, that the center, that the, the who, the Cooper flag guy for Duke, who's one of the best basketball players in the country, should get the same money as Hannah Jones, who's a rower on the team. I mean, it's, so this is what they do all out the door. This is all gonna have to be unscrewed.


Now I asked President Trump about the smooth transition bullshit narrative. He was all over it. Check this out, Mr. President, this is not a smooth transition. He's trying to hurt you as you get into office. There's no doubt about that. It's one Hundred percent right. And it started right from the beginning and it's a disgrace. What's happening. And if you take a look, 635,000 acres, you know what that is? It's half the ocean. Take a look at it. He took it off. It's probably $60 trillion worth of value. That's more than the double the debt that we own. And he takes it off the value, just writes it off. It's like you write it off. But we're gonna be redoing these things as soon as I get in and literally on the day that I get in, we're gonna be having executive orders that's gonna reverse most of it.


And whatever we can't reverse, we're going to court, we're gonna win 'em all in court very easily, quickly. Good, good, good. That's great to hear. Talking To president, making the transition absolutely diff he's making everything so difficult. He's been a, a terrible president. I read your statements every week where you go the worst president in the history of our country, and he really is, he's the worst president in the history of the country. And he is always talking about a smooth transition. And then he goes out and wipes out 635 million, think of it, 635 million acres, 635 million acres, just a small amount of property. You know, I went on to tell him during that interview that, you know, it doesn't even take a real estate guy to figure all of this out.


Biden walking out the door is trying to burn the place to the ground first that the folks, that's what Joe Biden does. And I just wanna warn you wanna warn you on a Friday, and I know it's Friday, enjoy yourselves during the weekend, enjoy your family. My other daughter, Amelia, her birthday is, is tomorrow the, the 18th. She's gonna be 13 a teenager. So we're all gonna have a good time. I'm just telling you, Joe Biden is gonna do more stuff over the weekend. You can expect to see some EPA stuff and yes, can Donald Trump overturn this stuff? The problem is, and I want you to listen to this clip coming up next, the left understands this one thing better than anyone, ladies and gentlemen, process is punishment. The left gets that better than anyone.


If they can create a laborious process for President Trump, the, he's gonna spend six months trying to undo Biden's stuff. Then ladies and gentlemen, it's six months he can't spend doing his own stuff. The great Mike Bens put this clip out. This is a really powerful clip I want you to watch. It's not Bens, it's another commentator, but it's about exactly what Biden's doing right now. I I, I see a bunch of commentators who have this all wrong. This guy nails it. They're like, oh, don't worry, Donald Trump's gonna come in office and overturn this stuff. Yes, you are a Hundred percent correct. The problem is it's going to eat up all of our time. Biden is burning the house down on the way out. Listen to this, the process is punishment.


This explains it perfectly. Check this out. Bureaus represent Musk and he is come out and said, oh, it's a ticky tack lawsuit and shows they don't have anything against them and whatever. But, but the reason that you would want to file this suit is the same reason that Joe Biden is continuing to pass laws to try to trump proof democracy. The more Joe Biden does in the waning days of his administration through administrative agencies like SEC and stacks it up in front of Donald Trump, the more Donald Trump has to undo, the more Joe Biden does, the more Donald Trump has to undo. And eventually in that curve of resources, political capital and time, Donald Trump's gonna run short. There's only so much he can do on day one or day 100 in his administration.


And many of the things that Joe Biden has done, for instance, are Trump proof. It's gonna be very difficult for him to reverse 330 million acres being put into a wilderness preserve. So it can't be drilled for oil or gas based on the way that law is written. Very smart. It's gonna be very hard for Donald Trump immediately to undo giving people temporary protective status as immigrants. And it's gonna be very hard for him to kill lawsuits like, like the one that was just filed against Musk. It will happen. The new SEC chair will withdraw this. But we want Trump to expend scarce political capital and look the American people in the eye and say, oh, I took that lawsuit away. I gave Musk a a free ride.


Even though he is gonna be the head of my department of of government efficiency to show conflicted ethics. It helps in our politics to see Donald Trump have to make actual moves on a chess board all for the public to see. And that's why these cases being filed even so late, even on the last day or the last minute are important. I know that clip is long, but I want you to digest and tattoo on your brain every single second of what that gentleman just said. He's a Hundred percent correct. Everything Biden is doing out the door is designed to f you at the drive-through Leo Getz style. That's ex he's none of this is done because Biden cares about the country. Biden hates the country.


Biden hates you. He hates himself. He hates his family. Biden walking out the door is taking out his internal rage at his, what does he have? Small syndrome. I don't know. He's taking his rage out on you. He doesn't care about college sports. Offshore drilling, the economy, your wallet, your job. Biden cares about burning the country down. He's pissed off that his party hates him. He's pissed off. He's leaving office. The most discredited, unpopular president in American history. He's pissed off. He's leaving office under a cloud of suspicion about his ties to China.


He's pissed off. He had a pardon his son because his son was involved in a whole bunch of crimes he was being investigated on. He's pissed off because he's a lying plagiarizing kid, sniffing loser. So as he walks out the door, he's burning the place to the ground. The Elon Musk, the the Elon Mustang folks. I don't, I met Elon Musk for 10 seconds in a green room at the UFC. I have no relationship to Elon Musk whatsoever. What's happening to Elon Musk is only because Elon Musk did not kiss Joe Biden's ass like the monarch he thinks he is. Here's Elon Musk, by the way, an a clip. You may have missed the Biden administration's suing him this case and all of the surroundings about it.


Most of this has already been litigated. He's only suing him. So Donald Trump can pull the SEC off the case. So the media has a little nugget story to go with. Listen to Elon and what happened to him with this guy being targeted. 'cause he didn't kiss the Democrats asses. Sounds like a tyranny, doesn't it? Check this out. I did Actually have the funding secured and there was a, a, a big trial in San Francisco, big civil trial. And the jury found me not guilty. Unanimous finding of a San Francisco jury. The, the reason I agreed to, to the fine for the SEC is not because the SC was correct there, that that was extremely bad behavior by the SEC corruption, frankly. But, but if, if I did not agree to pay, pay, the fine Tesla would've gone bankrupt immediately.


So I was told by our CFO that the banks would just, would, would immediately suspend our lines of credit. And if they suspend our lines of credit at that time, we would've gone bankrupt instantly. So, so we would've, there would never have been an opportunity for a trial. Ezzo would be dead. So really, the the, if this is like someone holding a gun to your kid's head and saying pay $20 million and, and, and admit to just like a hostage negotiation. It, a hostage negotiation is exactly what's going on right now. That's how big steep state liberal governors people involved in government, excuse me, work. They use the government as a tool to kick you right in the balls and you better spread 'em.


If you don't, they're gonna throw your ass in jail. There are still a few days left, folks, I want you to be very cautious. It's why they're freaking out, by the way, about Cash Patel and others coming in, by the way, I'm watching simultaneously the Rumble Chat. Thank you guys for all your nice comments by the way. Love you guys. Sorry, get off the mic. Who says that Disgraceful Scar 2001? You're absolutely correct. It is disgraceful, but what do I always tell you? Measure the effectiveness or damage of a policy by your enemy's response. If your enemies don't really care, then it's probably an ineffective policy. 'cause they're not paying attention. If your enemies lose their minds, folks, it's usually a sign you're doing something right?


I want you to go to Twitter. Do me a favor. X whatever it is right now, X put in my last name. Watch all of the deep state accounts I've been telling you about. They're lefties. They disguise themselves anonymously under different kind of names that I'm telling you. They're deep state lefties. They're ecstatic. They're ecstatic that my advice on presidential protection was at least ignore it for they're ecstatic about it. You have to ask yourself these deep state accounts that hide they're a Hundred percent deep staters. I promise you, you are being fucked over. You have to ask yourself why are they so happy about that? Why?


I'm never wrong. That's why the show's number one every day. Well, I take that back yesterday. We were number two, but we've been number one every other day this week live stream wise. So we're the maggots for you. We lost through some, what was it? Subs, sub hons. What are sub hons? They're always, always like a big deal. These people, they do these big long 24 hour streams and they, they, they, they, they get subscriptions and stuff and, and so maybe I should do that some. Should we do a sub athon? Gee, what do you think? I think so. I think it would be cool. That'd be a pretty cool idea. What do you guys think of the chat? We should do a sub athon. The who is it, Kai or Ky? Speed did one. Maybe sub would be cool enough that would, right? They had like 300,000 people on a live. It's crazy. That's a big number, man.


We had 500,000. That was election night. Alright, quick break. I'm gonna get back to the show. I'm gonna show you a clip. Gee insists, if we don't play this clip that I'm not allowed to do a show with him ever again. I don't wanna lose the guy. It's a clip from Tim. Pool's show about a massive, massive awakening from gaslighting. Stupor at his. He loves it. It may be one of his top 10.


You're having trouble sleeping or staying asleep. Beams dream powder. Don't feel tired the next day. It ruin your whole life. Can't perform physically. You get brain fog. No good try. Beams Dream Powder. I took it last night. It's a science backed nighttime blend for sleep, clinically shown to help improve sleep and help you wake up feeling refreshed like I do today. They sent me something to try. It's been a game changer for me now as I look ahead to 2025. I need to keep the momentum going. Show's growing. Got a lot going on. Dream's. Part of my nightly routine makes a big difference. Why 'cause other sleep aids? Cause the next day Grogginess Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of REI Magnesium, L-Theanine, apigenin, which I love and melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed the Ultimate Sleep Refresh for the new year. Try Beams bestselling dream powder and get up to 45% off for a limited time when you go to shop beam.com/bonino. Use code bonino at checkout. That's shop b eam.com/bonino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off.


And our last sponsor before we get back to the show, I swear I did not even know that was you did not tell me I right. I'm not kidding. Blackout Perfect timing. That was not planned. Blackout Coffee. Blackout Coffee uses premium beans. Not these lower grade junk garbage brown water beans. You want coffee to taste like coffee? Bold but never bitter. Tastes like actual coffee. I love me a strong tasting coffee. I don't want anything weak. I don't want a weak country. I don't want a weak military. I don't want weak coffee either. That's why I'm proud to personally recommend the official Coffee of the Bongino Army Blackout Coffee. The flavors are delicious too. They're blueberry crumbles amazing. They have a dark chocolate flavor. Boom. They have a ready to drink too. Justin absolutely loves it. Skip the long lines at the store and order online. The folks at Blackout Coffee ship within 48 hours of roasting. It's incredible. Do me a favor, go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino and see what I'm talking about. They're the real deal. Time to quit drinking woke corporate junk coffee every morning. That's Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Or use code Bonino for 20% off your first order. Make the switch to Blackout Coffee. You're gonna love it.


John, from Blackout Coffee. Can you do us a favor? The studio is opening up in about a month. Can you stock the fridge for us with ready to drinks for Justin and G? Justin would love it. Justin would absolutely go bananas. I'm happy to pay for it. Freebie. You gotta send this stuff over. All right. We would love that. You like that? We'll take a picture. Justin will Do it. You'll Do it. Drink it for you on my Instagram. Alright. Back to the show folks. Panic is breaking out everywhere. Breaking out everywhere over the appointment of Cash. Patel, Pam Bondi, Christie Noman and others because they know Donald Trump is not. He's here for shock and awe. I actually asked him about it. Yesterday's interview by the way. The interview if you wanna watch the whole thing.


Gabe, what's It's a rumble.com/bonino clipse bonino clipse. We have a Bonino Clipse channel too. I don know if you know that, that's where you can find the full interview. rumble.com/bonino clipse. That's separate from my Bonino channel if you wanna watch the whole thing. But I asked President Trump about shock and awe folks. They are really terrified here. Cash Patel seems to have them particularly freaked out. I think he's an exceptional pick for FBI director. His hearing is gonna be electric and we're gonna keep our eye on that when it happens. They seem really scared about Cash. Patel, why am I bringing up Christie Noam's up there today and others? Because they keep asking everyone about Cash Patel, even though it's not even his hearing.


Watch Ang Dick Blumenthal claims he served in Vietnam when he didn't. He seems obsessed with this guy. Check this out. Going Back to Cash Patel, someone who, if he were the FBI director, would obviously work under her. I'm curious your thoughts about that, your thoughts about Cash Patel and, and your concerns and why you wrote this letter. The reason for the letter, and Thank you for having me to talk about it, is very simply to make my colleagues more aware of some of the really extremist views that he's expressed. His adherence to Q Anon, his embrace of conspiracy theories, his statement that government undercover agents instigated and incited the January 6th insurrection.


And maybe most important, his determination to go after enemies. That is political opponents, judges, media, lawyers, who he regards as advocates of opponent, opposing political. But Folks, I I, I can't, the rules of the show do not change. Okay? Always measure the effectiveness of a pick a piece of legislation or anything else by the reaction of your enemies. Why is D Danang Dick? He's got, they've got Pam Bondi, Christie Nome, they had Sean Duffy there the other day. Russ Vote, they had Scott Beston at Treasury. Why are they talking about Cash Patel every day?


It should tell you, my gosh, cash Patel's probably the biggest threat to the deep state because he is. That's why they're freaked out. They're freaked out because they know consequences are coming. One guy who's impressed me a lot, I've known this guy a long time from Florida politics. Mike Walls, former Green Beret, he's gonna be Trump's incoming national security advisor. You know, the record in Congress is always gonna be outcomes I'll disagree with. However, he is saying all the right things since this potential appointment. Well, not well. He is the appointed national security advisors haven't taken office yet. Mike Waltz Teases consequences for former Intel officials who signed that ridiculous Hunter Biden laptop disinformation letter. I hope so. I hope there's a full investigation as to how these people were mis misled.


Air quotes, important air quotes into believing Hunter Biden's laptop was some kind of Russian operation. You get the air quotes there. Who told them that? They didn't really believe it, but who told them that? I wanna see that information. You know what, let's get to this Tim Pool. 'cause I don't wanna miss Muske lose his mind. I can't have this guy melting down. He'll start quoting Star Wars. We'll get into a Rogue One fight again. It'll blow up in the chat show, will get completely distracted and fall off track. Folks, the gaslighting is about to come to an end. Google just pledged like Facebook. We'll see what happens. Well, you don't throw the Axios thing up first, if you would, to dumping fact checking.


Now I Google I trust even less than Facebook and other companies. I am still banned from YouTube. I will not be back on YouTube. I'm on Rumble hover. I am banned for telling you masks don't work, which they don't. So I I, Google says they won't add fact checks despite this new Eli. I I trust Google even less. They're all kissing Donald Trump's ass right now. All these people. But the gaslighting is about to end and fake fact checking was a big portion of it. The reason you don't know about Covid, some people out there who are just having their eyes open today is because people like me who tried to warn you about the vaccine, its pseudo preventative measures and masks not working as a prophylactic device.


The reason people don't know about it's 'cause people like me were banned. You can go look that up. Dan Bonino banned from YouTube. I'm not making it up. You can go look for my official channel on YouTube. You'll notice it's not there. And it's not there because people were gaslit, right? Because of fact checkers. Because gaslighting effect is so powerful that when you see someone, what's the reverse of gaslighting? Like ungass lighting? I don't know. When you see someone wake up from the stupor like clockwork, orange eyeopener style, it is just a marvel to behold and you can't believe they believed bullshit. So this king of poker guy was on very popular guy. Apparently I don't follow poker too much. I play blackjack and I'm not very good at it.


I'm certainly not. The king of blackjack was on Tim Pool's show an excellent program, and he's talking about the first time he found out that the fine people hoax was in fact completely made up. And it's stunning because all you had to do was go and watch the speech, which he finally decided to do. This is what it looks like when you're un gast. Check this out. I was a believer that he said, you know, Nazis are fine people. Okay? And I believe that for a very long time. I'm embarrassed to say. So then someone says, did you watch the video? I said, yeah, no, the whole video, oh, I never saw the whole video. It was never on my, you know, my news channels. Then I watched it and he said, wait a minute.


Literally after he says that, he says, I'm not talking about white supremacist or Neo. And I'm like, well, what else am I? What else has he done? Then the bloodbath thing, he's talking about the auto industry. Clearly a financial term bloodbath. And they twist that into saying that, you know, there's gonna be civil unrest. So like when you do that, you lose the people. You lose people like me entrusting your narratives and what you say when you say that. Well, when Trump's assassination attempt, you know, on CNN says Trump fell at a rally. When you finally watched that video, how soon did you find yourself an encounter with another believer that you were trying to convince? Well, I remember showing it to my wife, right? Because she'd never seen it either. And you know, she, she's obviously, you know, been a liberal minded person her whole life.


And when she saw it, you know, at first it's like you have to listen to it twice. 'cause you're like, wait a minute. No, no, no, no, no. They literally did about him. Did every single media outlet for all these years and continued this. I was very disappointed, frankly, when Obama on the campaign trail was repeating that same final, I was so disappointed. That's, I thought, like, You see why Gee loves this clip. Isn't it a marvel to behold when screw tube, Google, Facebook, and all these left wing platforms run by communists, stop censoring the truth from people that amazingly they go out and find it. I, I know a lot of you in the chat are laughing like you believe the fine people hoax.


You just ought watch the speech. I completely condemn the white supremacist. I mean, he says it, but folks, I, I, listen, I am obviously not apologizing for anyone. I don't even know if I should say, 'cause I know someone's gonna misinterpret this, but it's fine. I gotta say it anyway. I'm not apologizing for anyone. I'm simply telling you something I've said often people have really busy lives. Lefties, righties, commies Tea party people, they do, they they go to Twitter or, or or Facebook or whatever it is, and they read the first thing they see, they don't even click on it. Go Trump talks about white supremacists. That's it. I'm not apologizing for them. I'm not telling you it's right.


It's your obligation to do your homework. The hard reality is most people don't. And when you hide information, that's what you get. And then when you unhide it, all of a sudden people are like, holy shit, I've been red pilled. It's like we've been telling you the entire time. You wanna know the next massive red pill coming. Ladies and gentlemen, January 6th, we can all watch the videos. We all know what happened. But the strangest thing about January 6th is we still don't have answers about the scaffold directed to hang people who exactly put that up there. We have no answers as to why the doors were seemingly opened and people were welcomed in.


We have no answers as to how many feds were in the crowd. Despite me telling you there were feds in the crowd who've shown me pictures of them in the crowd working. We have no answers on the January 6th pipe bomber, who he was despite the FBI. All the evidence points to the fact they know who he is right now. This is the next massive red pill. So President Trump again, was nice enough to come on the show yesterday and for those of you who missed it, did you guys like this question or not? This was for you. You wanted some answers. He was happy to give 'em to you. Check this out. The identity of the infamous January 6th pipe bomber.


It seems bizarre to me that the FBI continues to manipulate the American public about this case. Can we get an answer between you, Pam Bondi and hopefully Cash Patel on who this person is and have the FBI open the books? 'cause I believe this is a huge scandal and a massive coverup. I think we will, and I think we're gonna find out about Ray Epps and I think we're gonna find out, out about Scaffold Man. You know who Scaffolded Man is, right? Yeah, of course. The guy who's screaming to everybody go into the, go into the building, go into the building. We're gonna find out who Scaffold Man is and we're gonna find out some other things. And I think you're gonna be very happy with what I do with respect. I call 'em the J six hostages 'cause I consider 'em hostages.


You know, they did a beautiful song and they asked what I do, the The words. The words, not the singing, the words. And I did that song went to number one for so long it was beating out Taylor Swift. I'm not a fan of Taylor Swift, but that's okay. And everybody else beating, beating them all out for a long time. And it was pretty amazing actually. The song and the whole thing. Those people, they, nobody's ever been treated so badly as those people. He's not letting it go folks. And I know all the swampy out there and the Republican. You need to focus on inflation. Yes, you need to focus on the board. Yes, you are a Hundred percent correct.


We also need to focus on the massive deep state scandal that is the January 6th Subter subterfuge folks. I know what hap I get it. Deep state Republican rhinos, deep State Twitter accounts faking it that you're something else. Oh, I'm part of the you mag. You're not, we know what you're doing. I understand you don't care about what happened on January 6th. I understand you're gonna tell us over and over. Some people assaulted cops I have spoken out against. That always will. Period, end of story. It's been repeated a million times. I wish they the day would've went differently. It did not. I also wish that the other side would acknowledge that we're clearly being bullshitted about what actually happened that day.


Thank God, president Trump. And I'm not using the Lord's name of aid. I mean, Thank you Lord Jesus Christ that we won this election. And we're gonna get some answers about what our government's been up to. Folks. There's some economic gaslighting going on too. There was a hearing yesterday did not get a lot of attention, but I'm telling you, it should have. President Trump picked a treasury secretary, a guy by the name of Scott Bein and Scott Bein. He's not the most, I don't say, I'm not trying to insult a man. He, he's not the most fiery guy. I mean he's certainly not like the Dan Bonino show in that respect. And that's probably a good thing for Treasury Secretary. You wanna call him the markets, right? My job's to get you excited about politics, right?


But the hearing yesterday was pretty incredible. I just wanna play a couple of clips and this one here because economic gas lighting's a real thing too. If there is one piece of economic gaslighting that I could break if if, if God himself came down to Mark and said, Dan, I am gonna allow you into people's brains to change one stupid thing. Liberals believe it would be about Houser's law. I'm not gonna bore you with all the economics, but Houser's law named after Hauser of course, is the idea that it doesn't matter what the tax rate is in the United States, the income tax rate, people are going to pay about 17 to 20% of their money in income taxes overall average across the economy.


And once it gets higher than that, they'll do anything they can to avoid taxes. In other words, it doesn't matter if the tax rate's 90% or 20%, the government's gonna get about 20% of your money. So what should that tell you? If you believe in math that if the government's gonna take about 20% of GDP, whether you agree with it or not, if you spend more than 20, you're gonna run a debt deficit every year. It doesn't matter the tax rate. Besson tried to explain this to these idiots up on Capitol Hill yesterday. It's called Houser's Law, H-A-U-S-E-R. Look it up yourself. It doesn't matter what the tax rate is, people will not give you more than a fifth of their income across an economy unless you do like a vat. That's why they want it. 'cause you can't see it. Here's BES in trying to describe it to these idiots.


This is great. I promise it's worth your time. Check this out. We do not have a revenue problem in the United States of America. We have a spending problem that historically for the past 40 or 50 years revenues, federal government revenues have averaged about 17 to 17 point a half percent of GDP and spending has been slightly over that leading us to a 3.5% budget deficit, which is manageable because we have roughly 3.8% nominal growth. 1.8% real growth, 2% inflation today, as you stated, and to be clear, this is one of the things that got me out from behind my desk and my quiet life in this campaign was the thought that this spending is out of control.


We are spending about 24 20 5% of GDP. So as you said, 6.8 to 7% deficit. We have never seen this before. When it is not a recession or not a war, There is nothing your boy, Dan Bonino loves more than economics. I know most people hate it. It's called the dismal science for a reason. It doesn't matter. Do you believe in math? We raised 17 to 20% of the economy in taxes. Best. It's like if you spend 24, you're gonna be in debt. It's not freaking hard. Look it up.


It's called math. Here's a great one here. I wanna, I got two good clips. One Kevin O'Leary from Shark Tank, just eating alive. CNND. It's by the way, now that this TikTok thing is in effect, it's not a ban again, but TikTok may go off the air offline on Sunday if they don't sell. I am. I am just an investor in Rumble. I'm not a manager. I wanna be crystal clear. However, as a Joe civilian, but who has a lot of money invested in Rumble, I do not manage the place for the thousandth time. I am gonna highly recommend that Rumble again, seek out Kevin O'Leary and others and get involved in the partnership. If tiktoks gonna be purchased, we have the video expertise to do this.


So Kevin O'Leary, I only bring him up 'cause he's been talking about Rumble, but this clip is different. But I want you to watch another clip by Besson where he brings up this great point. Bernie Sanders, of course, communist phony class warriors. Rich himself, I think he has three houses or whatever. Here's Bernie Sanders calling out a group of rich people. By the way, couple of them I'm not even a huge fan of. They hate our guts. However, Besson points out this really interesting thing like what are you talking about? Like two of those three people you're talking about, they made their own money, like this fake fair share bullshit. And this war on the rich is so pathetic. 'cause Bernie Sanders is rich himself. Check this out. When you have a small number of multi-billionaires who have enormous economic media and political power.


Would you agree with President Biden who last night stated and I quote, an oligarchy is taking shape in America of extreme wealth, power, and influence that threatens our entire democracy, our basic rights and freedoms. End of quote, that's what President Biden said last night. I agree with him. Do you, Senator Sanders? I enjoyed our visit. You talk a little bit closer into the mic. I, I enjoyed our visit and I hope you got my, my follow up materials that we, on the discussions, my previous ratings on the Terrace and China, and look, the, the three billionaires who you listed that all made the money themselves, Unlike Bernie Sanders, who seems to got rid, got rich off of public service folks.


You don't gotta like rich people personally. I don't even like hanging around rich people. You notice why you don't see a ton of pictures every week of me hanging around country clubs anywhere, or politicians or anyone else. Look at my Instagram. There's a couple here and there. You're invited to dinner to speak to the president. You go outta respect. You'd be crazy not to. However, it's not the kind of thing that happens to me, all that. Why? It's not about them. It's not. I, I, I, I'm, that's not my thing. I I'm not jealous of rich people because I do my own thing. I don't spend my time worrying about other people's bullshit. I worry about my own. Here's Kevin O'Leary asking a really fascinating question on CNN that applies to Bernie Sanders too. He's talking about Joe Biden here, but watch the panel kind of freak out a little bit when he asked a really simple question, how the hell did Joe Biden get rich?


What has he created? I mean, Bezos at least has Amazon, whether you like him or not, Elon's got a whole bunch of stuff. What the hell Joe Biden create besides a bag of cocaine in the White House? What the hell did Biden create? Check this out. Common sense laws to make sure that the people at the top don't abuse the people at the bottom and half our system in Washington is broken. That's fair. It's all fair, but half the country's still wondering how Joe Biden got rich. Yeah. Okay, so here, how did he get rich? But if Joe Biden got rich, I I, how did he Get Rich? Does anybody understand how that times, Kevin, your question about Joe Biden's legacy and how he will be seen is wrote a book by the way, actually extremely important because, because I think it's not just Republicans who are asking the question, is Joe Biden gonna be looked back on fondly?


Democrats are too Folks. You may say, why did you leave the response? It had nothing to do with anything from Abby Phillips, the host you just heard there at the end. Because it doesn't, it's not related at all to the que that's the point. O'Leary asked a simple question, does anybody on this panel know how Joe Biden got rich? Did he create something, a service, a product? And Abby Phillips, like, I know there's an open question about Joe Biden saying nobody's asking for his legacy. That's not what he said. He asked a simple question, can anybody point to some value added service? Joe, Joe Biden, outside of his last name is provided that made him rich. Anyone? And notice how she changes the subject.


They hate rich people as long as they're not Democrat rich people that sold the country out for money, then they love him. Folks, if there's one more myth I could dispel outside of Houser's law and the economics of taxation and spending, if God Almighty, who I love and adore my Lord and savior Jesus Christ at Dan, I'm gonna empower you for a day to change one more thing. I would change the idea that government somehow cares about you and that government can do what the free market can't. Government has no incentive to fix any of your problems ever for any reason whatsoever at all. I hope you guys understand that it is a third party payer problem.


The government does not spend the money on itself. It spends it on other people, so it doesn't give a shit. It doesn't spend. The people in government don't spend the money on themselves. They spend it on other people so they don't care. Milton Freedom has talked about this all the time. That's why they don't care about the cost of anything either, because it's not even their money. Government is the worst way to allocate money every single time. Everything they do sucks because it's designed to suck. I love the, you know this guy Clay Higgins, again, outcomes. But this guy seems to really love to stir shit up and I love people who kick doors in this representative Clay Higgins.


He's talking to the social security administrator head and the guy's trying to tell him how great and how work at home and all this other stuff is it's social security, how they're cleaning stuff up. The customer service is so great. So Clay Higgins, do you guys see this? He decides, did you like this clip? Key Clay Higgins decides to call, do in the hearing social securities helpline and watch what happens. This is just gl this is your government hard at work. Check this out, Mr. Chairman. This the this, this is social security for one hour, 28 minutes, 25 seconds.


Phone number, 807 7 2 1 2 1 3. It's a number for Social security. This, this is what our elders have to listen to. These are our elders, my man. One hour and 28 minutes. What? The length of your show? No, that's how long he's on hold. He just said it great. How come nobody's done this before? This should be every Congressional hearing, social Security, which takes hundreds of billions of dollars a year from you and then wastes it and throws it away. They can't even answer the phone in an hour and 28 minutes.


Now, I am by far, by far not telling you that private industry insurance companies are great at customer service either, but folks, there's a difference. You call whatever. I'm just throwing in Allstate Insurance and you don't like waiting for 20 minutes. You can cancel and go to Joe's Insurance or Bobby's Insurance. You can find an alternative. What's your alternative to Social Security? The answer is nothing. You're stuck. They take your money no matter what. They have no incentive to improve customer service because they have an entitlement to your money. It's literally called an entitlement. They don't give a shit and they will never give a shit ever.


Clay Higgins, hot tip genius folks, I haven't said it in a long time 'cause the election ended. What are the two things that are most effective and kind of salient things you can do to make a political point? Pictures and sound bites. Clay Higgins holding the phone up and the sound of the elevator music in the background is not only a snapshot but a soundbite too. That's how you make a point. Oh, it's all theatrics folks. All politics is theatrics. The only question is who's better at it? And that was very good. Hey man, Thank you guys for everything.


Again, I really appreciate your support. I just want you to watch, please for, for my sake and your sake so you understand. I want you to watch Twitter X today, Twitter, put my name in there, not not because I'm some kind of ego maniac. I want you to watch what's happening and I want you to see who's upset and then you'll see who's on the right and wrong side of the moral lar of history. Do it yourself. It's an interesting test to run. Sometime I have to do some microtargeting for my show, so I see it a lot, but I'll have more to say about this on Monday. By the way, a lot of people ask me, what are we doing for Monday?


For Monday, we will be here for a regular show. You guys, maybe we'll start a little early, maybe 15, 20 minutes early, so on Monday, but it'll be a regular show. Regular radio show will be covering the inauguration. Monday's gonna be a great day. Enjoy yourselves this weekend. Keep an eye on Biden in the final closing minutes though, anything can happen. Please download the Rumble app. If you would follow our show, we'd appreciate it. Just click that follow button on rumble rumble.com/bonino on the web and if you go to Apple and Spotify, follow the damn Bonino show. I'd really appreciate it. I'll see you back here on Monday. You just heard the Dan Bonino show.