
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host, Dan Bonino, Members of the United States Congress. Thank you very much. And to my fellow citizens, America is back. So back. We are so, so back Folks. I told you before, I, I, I think it, you call me crazy.


It's, it's okay. Tell me in the chat I'm watching right now, Luisi Edge, 1776. I'm watching you guys tell me in the chat if you think I'm nuts. I actually think the separation of the two Donald Trump terms with four years of Joe Biden have created an absolute witches brew for the Democrats, where now Donald Trump is at peak popularity. 'cause people missed him so much. If you, In other words, what I'm getting at is, tell me if I'm crazy, if you were going to get two Donald Trump terms anyway. I'm almost at the point right now where I'd rather have it this way than the other way. Because now you had this foil effect in between of four years of horror.


And then you have this, this reemergence into the political scene, reinvigorated stronger, better, faster. And the speech last night was just the cherry on top of Donald Trump's return to the political scene. Amazing speech. Definitely. Definitely one for the ages. We are back. I've got all the highlights. Huge show today. Another, I was just gonna follow up on the big announcement we made yesterday. I'll tell you who's taking my place for the podcast.


Today's show is sponsored by Beam. Go to shop beam.com/bonino. Use code bonino for 47% off your first order.


Today's show also brought to you by All Family Pharmacy. Listen, healthcare in America has turned into a complicated mess. You should be able to help protect yourself and your family without jumping through hoops. That's exactly what All Family Pharmacy offers. A no hassle way to get the medications you need. Just complete the form online and a licensed doctor provides the prescription and your meds shipped fast right to your door. You need ivermectin, hydroxychloroquine, emergency antibiotics, or other essential medications. You got it? No more fighting the system for treatments that you want. Let's be real. The last several years showed us exactly why you can't rely on insurance companies have your back. You want to be prepared for whatever comes next. Stock up Now, before the next crisis hits. I use All Family Pharmacy. They've been great to me. Help me on a couple of vacations I was on. They step up when the system fails you. So get help. Take control of your healthcare today. Go to All Family Pharmacy dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino 10 for 10% off your order. Don't wait until you need it. Stock up now. That's All Family Pharmacy dot com slash bonino code BONINO 10, All Family Pharmacy. This products are not intended as a substitute for professional medical treatment or advice. Consult with your healthcare provider.


All right fellas, let's go. So in case you missed yesterday, ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for following Vince Coase on, on Twitter X true social. I love you guys. It is C-O-G-L-I-A-N-E-S-E. Why would you wanna follow Vince Coase? One? 'cause he's wonderful. But second, because you're gonna be watching him, he is going to be taking my place on this channel. There he is, smiling hands crossed radio pose right there. He will also be taking over my radio show. But this is the podcast audience. Vince will be going at 10:00 AM Anita McGrain crew, P one listeners, Bonino Army folks who've been there from the beginning.


We will be at 10:00 AM Eastern Time. That will be the live show. Vince has got a killer first week lined up of interviews that are gonna blow your mind. You're gonna love it. Why 10? Because our good friend Steven Crowder, one of the most popular live streamers in the known cosmos, he is going to be in the 11 hour as well. So you'll be able to stay on Rumble all day. You got Avita, you got Vince, you got Crowder, you got Haley. You got more surprises coming. You got Don Junior, you got Tim Pool. You gonna have a whole lineup on Rumble. We'll be talking more of that next week. You don't need to go anywhere. So I told you we'd take care of you. We're not gonna leave you and avoid a content now.


You got it all day. So thank you Chris Pavlovsky and Steve Crowder. Vince Haley Avita, and to my lovely wife Paula for coordinating all this. We appreciate it. Big announcement. Give 'em a follow on X. All right, last night, folks, what an absolute disaster for the anti-Trump opposition. You know, I can't say it enough. I am not a huge fan of James Carville, Democrat political analyst because I'm not a Democrat. I'm a Republican right now. I'm in my political opinion role. I have strong opinions. I am a conservative, mago oriented political opinion commentator. I don't think that's a mystery. I find it hilarious when reporters are, they're still reaching out, by the way.


They're still reaching out. Our friends, Stuy Thompson reached out to producer Jim, Dan, Bob Gino said that We know what Dan Bonino said, guys, how do you think we know what Dan Bonino said on The Dan Bongino Show? The Dan Bongino. Because Dan Bonino said it on the Dan Bon. We know, Stu, we know you don't have to send us our quotes. We know because I said them. It wasn't a clone. But it's amazing how media people are stunned that a guy who has a job right now as a political opinion maker, political opinions, crazy. However, last night was a disaster. Carville, who I don't agree with in the opinion front, says often the old adage is, don't just stand there, do nothing.


All the Democrats had to do last night. Like zelinsky, all he had to do on Friday was show up and sign the minerals deal. And he didn't do it. He blew it and really screwed it up. Starting to unwind a little bit of that now, which is okay in a good thing. However, screwed it up. All the Democrats had to do last night was show up. You don't have to clap for everything no one expects you to. I don't expect you to clap for tax cuts and things like that. I know you don't like that stuff. But when you're talking about deadly, literally deadly, serious situations like Lake and Riley, you know, you get up in your solemn and when you find out something's being done about that, you acknowledge it. A 13-year-old with brain cancer, cancer is something I'm all too familiar with.


You, you, you ignore it. When people get up and give the young man a round of applause. I mean, really Al Green getting him, we'll show you more of this Al Green. Get him screaming like, like a Scrooge McDuck with the cane. Did anyone even, do you guys even hear what he was saying? I mean, if you're gonna scream, here's a little hint. If you don't have a microphone, nobody hears. You all, everybody saw, pretend this was Al Green's cane was, here's what they saw as a, all they heard was Charlie Brown's teacher shaking a stick at people. You really believe this is the image you want. Even Dick Durban longtime liberal Democrat, Dick Durban on the Senate side, he was like, well, I wouldn't have done it that way. Of course, you wouldn't have looked terrible.


And the contrast of that, and then Donald Trump projecting strength up there and pointing out to his political nce that made a martyr outta him was imagery. I'll never forget one of the best speeches he's ever made reviewed. Overwhelmingly positive by the public receipts incoming. In case you think I'm making it up, let's play this one first. Here's one that we're gonna cover the highlights of the night. Here's Donald Trump talking about weaponized justice going after him and how it completely 100% backfired and newsflash, he's correct. Check this out. We've Ended weaponized government. Where, as an example, a sitting president is allowed to viciously prosecute his political opponent like me.


How did that work out? Not too good. Not too good. How did that work out? Well, in an electoral college landslide, folks, there's no disputing the fact that this was an electoral college landslide. You can stick to your talking points all you want. Oh, there's no mandate. He only won the popular vote by by X amount of votes. In a polarized country where large big cities in New York, California, Chicago, New York, la Chicago, and San Francisco move a lot of the popular vote in one direction. That's not an effective argument to make. You're losing, you're losing. 'cause you're not listening to Carville.


Don't just stand there, do nothing really. The line of the night, of course, was this, the border was a big issue. The borders turned chaotic. The open border has resulted in a fentanyl crisis, a child sex trafficking crisis, a logistics crisis, and illegal immigration crisis, a gang crisis, a public safety crisis. The open border under Biden was a disaster. There was no question. This probably sunk the Democrats along with the economy. So you would think again, that the Democrats would get up and at least applaud some measures being taken to secure the border because it's almost a universally popular issuer now. Nope.


And Donald Trump took the perfect opportunity to tell you what I was telling you the entire time the Immigration and Nationality Act allowed the President, whether it was Biden or Donald Trump, to shut the border to classes of illegal migrants for any reason, for any amount of time. Look it up. Joe Biden just didn't wanna do it. And Donald Trump in the line of the night, made sure he pointed that out. Whoever wrote this in the speech, I don't know who wrote this, Steven Miller or one of the other guys. Oh my gosh, you're right. This may be a Trump improv moment. This was the line of the night. Check this out. The media And our friends in the Democrat party kept saying we needed new legislation. We must have legislation to secure the border.


But it turned out that all we really needed was a new president. What's the Bonino rule? What is it? Folks in the chat. Where am I going with this? Get ahead of me. Get, ah, come on. Yeah. Gee, beat him the punch. Gee, he's dropping dimes right here. Yes. Yes. Who just, I'm gonna see if anyone, because sometimes the chat is a little bit delayed. I'm like, yes, Sue did it for, oh, whoa. Oh, oh man. You guys are just so many, so many people. And I gotta get the first one. Oh man, I missed it. But you guys are now you're all getting it. Soundbite. Yeah. Soundbites and snapshots. You guys are the best here. DC ds Buscemi. That's a snapshot. You're damn right. Sound bites and snapshots. And which one did Donald Trump have last night?


Sound bites or snap snapshots? Trick question. He had both. I'm messing with it. Imagine this. The snapshot of Al Green screaming with the cane. No one could hear him. The Senate, excuse me. The house sergeant at Arms. They had to remove him while he's screaming. Scrooge McDuck style, while Donald Trump's at the podium with the smirk. And JD Vance is giving him the, you know, I don't really care. Margaret Side eye. Wanna go there? Do you have this? Yeah. You know what? We gotta play this. We gotta play this. I didn't even really intend on playing this, right? But it's perfect. Okay. You got this, you got the soundbite of the night. There were tons of 'em. But that was, that was definitely numer uno.


This is for the snapshot. This is all people are gonna remember on the snapshot side. Check it out. Take your seat. Take your seat, sir. Take your seat. Finding that members continue to engage in willful and concerted disruption of proper decorum. The chair Folks, JD gives them the, the old he ho thumb, the snapshots and sound bites. I, you guys are, listen, you all are the most amazing, fantastic audience because you guys learned so quick. I was a quick learner too. I, I absorbed everything with politics really fast.


That's why we went from one career to the other and moved right away. Snapshots and sound bites. Look at this. Look at this, man. Did you catch that at a perfect time? Johnson, Mike Johnson's looking like, I can't believe I gotta deal with these knuckleheads. Trump is smiling like, man, you guys just gave me a snapshot, G 'cause he knows it. And j D's giving him the old evil Guys. Trump's face. Trump's face. Look at his face. Hey guys, someone out. I know you guys are meme lords out there. Somebody put that up on X and, and truth and just bumped that thing around, man, that is, that's up there with, listen to me, to my Apple and Spotify crowd.


You know, I love you. You guys were there from the beginning. We didn't have video in the beginning. But please, you gotta watch it go to 14 minutes into the show. You gotta see that, that where Gee stopped at. That is the greatest snapshot ever. You from Zelensky with the arms crossed, is that, what's that line they put onto it? Oh yeah. But Zelensky with the, and, and JD and Donald and Donald Trump. Check him out guys. They say, hang it in the Louvre. Hang it in the Louvre that, hang it in MoMA in Manhattan. That is just the beautiful picture. That is what politics is about. You starting to see it now, when you woke up this morning, right? It was a really deep, detailed speech last night.


But let's be honest, I mean, even you and I who are MAGA supporters, and we get it. Like we, this is what we do. We follow politics, at least me for now. How much of the speech policy wise, do you really remember? I'm not trying to knock anybody. I'll take it the wrong way. Alright? It was a, it was a hundred minutes long. But you do remember that You'll fully understand politics when you embrace that and tattoo it on your brain. Right direction, wrong direction. Donald Trump, president Trump highlighted this last night as well. This is important because once you start talking about big global pictures of leadership, you wanna make sure that American citizens who are responding to the president feel like they're responding to his policies by saying, yes, I think we are headed in this direction rather than the wrong one.


That way. This was smart from, to highlight this, check this out. V 15. Now for the first time in modern history, more Americans believe that our country is headed in the right direction than the wrong direction. In fact, it's an astonishing record. 27 point swing, the most ever. Likewise, small business optimism. So its single largest one month gain ever recorded.


A 41 point jump Again, we gotta go there again. What's the soundbite there? Number? Wait. Before I even get to that, I love how Donald Trump, president Trump puts an accent on ever, most ever, just to kind of let it stew a little bit. He floats it out there and lets it kind of dwell in the ether and all that. And then what are his, what's his political opposition doing out there? They're booing as Donald Trump is talking about how the American people feel a renewed sense of renewed sense of optimism. How do you think that sounds and looks?


The answer is pretty horrendous. Is that really the snapshot and soundbite you want? I don't think they've thought this through. This is why I'm always encouraging you to not get emotional about politics. Passionate, but not emotional. There's a difference. All right. I may be picking its, but passionate means it bleeds to you. It matters to you. Emotional means, for me at least, it means you let your emotions overtake. Reason. That's what happened last night. The Democrats had a moment tactically to sit back, look like they were cooperating on issues where there's some supposed agreement. They didn't do it, they didn't do it.


They chose to boo and hiss. You had cancer patients. They're sitting on their hands. Just, I, I I'm I I tell you, in the most objective manner possible, The most ever, Ever, the most ever most objective ever manner possible. It was a total disaster for them politically. They just did not embrace snapshots and sound bites. And don't ever repeat the mistake with them. We're not gonna win every political race ever, ever. Sometimes it's just best to sit back and do nothing. They didn't do it last night. Folks, one of the things about President Trump that I find it, it it, he's not afraid to inject humor.


Do you remember Elizabeth Warren last night? That was a classic. But last night there was an opportunity to highlight an ongoing problem. Inefficiencies in our social security system that have led to excess payouts. People who don't, you know, people who may be dead getting money. People who are older getting social security. They are a powerful, powerful set of American citizens. They vote, they've worked their whole lives, they built this country. And listen, they're reliant on this product called Social Security. No matter how badly it's been mismanaged, we can't just pull the rug out from other of them because they already, they paid into this program and feel justifiably so, like, Hey, you know, I wanna get my money out. I don't blame 'em. You'd feel the same way.


So Donald Trump took an opportunity last night to use a little bit of sarcasm and humor to highlight an ongoing problem there. And sometimes these guys here know what I'm, where I'm going with this because we had this conversation. Sometimes humor and sarcasm, which we are quite fond of here, can be some of your best weapons. Alinsky said it too. Ridicule your most potent weapon. Here's funny Trump last night, check this out. According To the social security databases, our age, over 160 years old, we have a healthier country than I thought, Bobby.


Again, I don't think that was in the prompter. I'm reasonably confident it wasn't. It was just an opportunity to kind of break up what's a very serious moment with a bit of sarcasm and humor and use it as a potent ridicule weapon. Like Alinsky recommended was a liberal activist, by the way, because there's no comeback to it. He's of course talking to HHS Secretary Kennedy, that nobody does it like him. Nobody. People have been as good, nobody better. He's really, really good at this. And he really made fools out of his opposition last night at a, you know, serious moments, lighthearted moments.


You wanna take people on an emotional rollercoaster. It makes 'em feel alive like they're part of something. I wanna contrast that coming up next. And, but hat tip may more in advance. Great account. M-A-Z-E-M-O-O-R-E on X gray videos. He had the low lights of one of Joe Biden's State of the Union addresses. And I want you to see the contrast between the two because contrast matter too. You know, diamonds look nicer on a on, on a very specific background, even though it's the same diamond. You'll see what I mean coming up next.


Patriot Mobile together, you and I have been fighting for the same thing, freedom, Liberty, and the country we love. One of our biggest supporters over the years have been Patriot Mobile. They stuck with us through thick and thin. If you're part of the Manino army, you should be on Patriot Mobile. We need to keep supporting companies that share our values and stand for what we believe in. You can switch to Patriot Mobile with confidence, knowing you'll get outstanding nationwide coverage. 'cause they operate on all three major networks. Not only do you have a guarantee from Bonino here, that's me, you'll get the Patriot Mobile coverage guarantee. Remember, every dollar you spend supports a company believes in the first and second Amendment, sanctity of life, and our veteran and first responders switchings easy. Keep your number, keep your phone, or upgrade. The 100% US based customer support team will help you find the perfect plan for you, even your business and your family. So go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Get a free month of service with promo code. Dan can't think of a single reason you shouldn't be on Patriot Mobile. Check 'em out. That's patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


Next sponsor today. Ammo square.com. Do you remember the great ammo shortage of 2020? Shells will bear even online. Options were wiped out. Well, there's a company in Idaho helping to make sure that never happens again. It's called ammo squared. They've been helping over 80,000 members get their ammunition automatically since 2015. Here's how it works. You sign up, pick your ammo from over 70 different calibers. Set an auto buy budget, choose a shipping trigger over time your ammo accumulates and is stored for free in ammo, squares, climate controlled warehouse until you're ready to ship. What a great idea. No minimums, no extra fees. It's perfect for small budgets or anyone who wants to build up a stockpile without spending thousands or hundreds of dollars upfront. Choose from over 70 calibers of ammo. Set your budget. Let ammo square do the rest. Ammo squared is a smarter way to stockpile ammo. Set it and forget it. Ship it when you need it. It's the easiest way to stay prepared without the hassle. Head on over to ammo square.com. Take the work out of buying ammo. 80,000 members and thousands of five star ratings. Can't be wrong. That's ammo squared.com. Check them out today. Must be 18 or older and not prohibited from possessing ammo. Must be 21 for handgun ammunition. Thank you. Ammo squared.com.


Back to the show. Contrast what you saw last night. Funny Trump. Serious Trump confrontational when necessary. Trump, he just knows how to take you on a rollercoaster. Everybody needs to feel like life is living like we're involved in this. You don't wanna listen to Charlie Brown's teacher up there. Rah. Contrast that with this State of the Union from Joe Biden with the mask wearing people in the background. Of course, they probably still believe these things work. And stop Covid, check this out. We have to Do more than just build back, better the build back. We have to build back better scientific breakthroughs. Took us to the moon, now we're on Mars discovering vaccines gave us the internet and so much more.


Installing 500,000 charging stations along our highways. So let's end cancer as we know it. I spent a lot of time with President Xi, traveled over 17,000 miles with him. I think you should be able to become a billionaire and a millionaire. But pay your fair share. I've made it known. I've made it known that America's back, if we act to save the planet, we can create millions of jobs with regard to Russia. I know a concern some of you, but I made very clear to Putin, he understands I, I guess, I guess an odd, I guess he didn't understand snap shots, sound bites.


What's the snapshot there? He's talking with mask wearing people in the background who Saint Americans realize those things are useless. It is a show device. It is a prophylactic mechanism that engages in no prophylaxis whatsoever. What do that, there's a thank you guys. There's your, there's your snapshot right there. There's your snapshot. Compare that with President Trump and jd. Give Al Green, the old get outta here heave ho as he's interrupting this, looking like Scrooge McDuck. Ah, oh man. Just can't get any better.


I'm telling you. Look at that now look at that. There you go. What a contrast. Look at those two pictures. This stuff matters in politics. If you don't understand it, please do me a favor. Don't get into politics. It's okay. You may have a different skillset. Maybe you're a good football coach, but if you don't understand how these imagery, this imagery matters, take your seat. You're in the wrong space. Take your seat, sir. Look at this. What a disaster. And they complained about Joe Wilson with the Uli thing. Maybe we get this Al Green screaming. Now listen, anybody can say, Hey, the speech was great. I mean, obviously while I'm still in my political opinion role, I have a strong opinion about it. I do, however, try to be objective.


I mean it, you know, serious time, okay? It doesn't do me any good as a supporter of this movement we have built over the years to lie to you. If it was a garbage speech, I, I'm obligated to tell you. I mean, I wouldn't call it garbage. I'd be nice about it, but I would still tell you, and we need to work on that. Last night was spectacular. It really was. It was also an, I think objectively bad horrendously bad night for his opposition that just decided to embarrass themselves. I don't know why. I don't know why they're usually smarter than us. But those are, those are, those are opinions. Back it up. Okay, here it is. Here's C Nnn.


So I can't be accused by Stewart or anyone else who doesn't like us in the media. And we have a lot of people who don't like us, as I'm finding out here is CNN discussing a poll where 69% of Americans had a positive reaction to the speech. 69% of Americans, you can't get near 70% of Americans to agree on anything. That's how good of a speech this was. Check this out through the results. What was your reaction to Trump's speech? 44% of speech watchers in our instant poll tonight say they had a very positive reaction to Trump's speech. 25%, somewhat positive, 31% negative. Now I get it there.


Where am I going with this? There are some people out there who are like, Dan, you said 69% a positive reaction. Yes, that Reque Michael was a math major. Play the clip again. I'll rewind. You'll see what I beat. Some people are confused. Not you, not you. I promise you there are people confused going, I don't get it. I know you don't. I'm sorry I can't help you, Michael. Help him out. Sometimes we text Michael. Well, my daughter has a math problem. They can't figure out. Michael's like, boom, boom, right away. He never forgot his math. That the, that's pretty good. Here, you gonna put that, put the screen up. Two, the results. What was your reaction to Trump's speech? Let's see, 4%. See, can we figure this out? If you're bunch hater pull tonight, say they, Michael gets it, he'll help you text him.


Here's his number. You imagine that your phone would totally blow up. It'd be the, oh man, the RC man, remember that? Oh my gosh, I had to change my, the tips of that. The what? I couldn't take it. I couldn't take it. I'm sorry. It was just, what a meltdown after that. Alright, this is again, one of the highlights of the night. And folks, this is where President Trump, I believe is different, is a different brand of Republican politics. Let's be honest, outside of Reagan, there hasn't been really a national Republican or international Republican figure who has really got his finger on the pulse of how people really worked than Donald Trump.


And I think it's due to his business experience where he is had to deal with everyone in New York from mob people trying to squeeze his construction sites to unions, to city officials for labor contracts. He just has to know how people are feeling. This was a really amazing moment, obviously special to me. Having been a former Secret Service agent myself, it was a very nice thing to do. I texted Director Kern this morning from the Secret Service and I said, Hey man, really great job with the young man. Here is Donald Trump calling out a 13-year-old battling brain cancer. They made him an honorary secret service agent. This was really nice and definitely worth checking out.


And tonight, dj, we're going to do you the biggest honor of them all. I am asking our new secret service director, Sean Kern, to officially make you an agent of the United States Secret Service. Good for you, Sean, president Trump. That was a very nice gesture. And by the way, total snapshot there, total snapshot, that commission book that, you know, that thing you see like in the X files, FBI, that, that's a, that looks like a real commission book.


I have one, I was looking around for mine, but since I didn't even say it, sorry, I don't mean to get off track. This is the last day in the studio, so there's almost nothing here except for the, you know, like Ismo people send a couple on the desk. And that's really it. I was gonna show you my commission book that, that looks like a real commission book. That's pretty cool. So good job director Kern. Hey, man, this stuff matters. You know what? It's the government. It's serious stuff. But this doesn't, it takes, but a moment to make government employees, we pay for, whether it's Director Kern, the secret service of the FBI, we don't have to be stiff. There's nothing wrong with being relatable. There's nothing wrong with that at all.


We're there to serve you. It's public service. Public service. We work for you, not the other way around. This government operates by consent of the governed. We work for you. And there's nothing wrong with showing a human side to even a United, United States government enterprise like the Secret Service or so. Nice job folks. I told you, you know, the, the media response, the media meltdown to the one, the first term, and now the early days of the second term, and these early days of the second Donald Trump victory have been borderline hysterical. But I'm gonna tell you something, and again, I say this putting on serious Dan Bonino hat here.


The response to this 13-year-old young man with cancer by Nicole Wallace last night at M-S-N-B-C is one of the most disgraceful things I've ever seen in media. I'm gonna tell you something, I I don't speak for Fox. I never did even when I worked there. But this is the kind of thing where if you were on your Fox News show and did something like this where you tried to tie a 13-year-old with brain cancer to January 6th and what happened at the Capitol, I'll tell you right now, there's no doubt you're getting a phone call and they'd be like, really? Really? I'll show you what I mean.


I'm gonna take a break quick here and I'll get back to it. And I think you'll agree. This is one of the worst moments I've seen in the anti-Trump losing their minds Media in a really long time.


Brick house. Are you one of these up and down Yo-yo dieters? You lose weight, gain weight. You wind up with a condition, you know, you wind up being really skinny, but simultaneously holding a lot of body fat at the same time. You look terrible. And it's really, really unhealthy. It's dangerous, can increase your risk of a heart attack. Stroke Type two diabetes and health problems. Break free of the yo-yo diet problem. It's a real issue. That's one of the reasons as a product I use, I lost 30 pounds or so. It was like 2 38 around, I'm around 200 now, but at the time I was on Lean, I lost this 30 pounds. I lost it. It it's slow and deliberately and preserved a lot of my muscle tissue. I love the product. Lean is a supplement. It's not an injection. You don't need a prescription. The science behind Lean is amazing. It's studied natural ingredients, target weight loss in three powerful ways. Lean helps maintain healthy blood sugar. It helps control appetite and cravings and it helps burn fat by converting it into energy. So if you're tired of losing weight and gaining it back, and you wanna lose meaningful weight at the healthy pace I did and obviously keep it off. Look, you see me now for a year, lean was created for you. Let's get you started with 20% off when you enter Dan twenty@brickhousenutrition.com slash dan. That's code dan20@brickhousenutrition.com slash dan. Statements of products will not been evaluated by the fda, not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition, not a substitute or alternative to care for a healthcare provider.


And yes, media people. That's called an ad while we still a job. It's an advertisement for a company. And yes, I do like the product. Yes, I like to be healthy and I like to lose weight. They seem confused by that. You like sleeping? What's that? Gee wants to know if I like sleeping. Why would you say that? Gee. Oh, look at that. It's an advertise for and I actually use it. Amazing.


I've had a helix mattress for several years. I do. I gotta buy another one now. You know, I've definitely noticed how great I'm sleeping through the night. Helix sleeps an award-winning mattress brand. It's the essential reason I wake up feeling refreshed and ready to tackle a new day. No more tossing and turning. If you're dealing with snoring, sleep apnea, back pain, or even if you sleep too hot, helix has a mattress option for you. Visit Helix sleep.com/dan and get started. You know, a good night's sleep is one of the best ways to have a better quality of life. And Helix Mattresses can help you figure out which mattress will work for you. I had a pretty hectic schedule. Tell me about after a long day of work, I always look forward to sleeping on my Helix mattress. So many of my listeners are sleeping on Helix now. It makes a big difference in their lives. Right now, get Helix Best offer available. Exclusive for my listeners. 20% off sitewide. That's right. Just visit helix sleep.com/dan. Get 20% off sitewide. That's helix sleep.com/dan. Thank you Helix.


All right, back to the show. This is one of the worst moments I have ever seen in the media in response to Donald Trump recognizing a 13-year-old with brain cancer. This is an analogy you never make. Check this out. Right? And I hope he lives and the life he wants to live. He wants to be a cop. He knows what he wants to do. And maybe when you have childhood cancer, that crystallizes for you. And I hope he has a long life as, as a law enforcement officer, but I hope he never has to defend the United States capitol against Donald Trump's supporters. And if he does, I hope he isn't one of the six who loses his life to suicide. And I hope he isn't one who has to testify against the people who carried out acts of seditious conspiracy and then lived to see Donald Trump.


Pardon those people. Folks. Do you understand the level of derangement you have to have and the hatred for Donald Trump? Excuse me, to take from a story of a 13-year-old with brain cancer, having his moment as an honorary secret service agent. He's not going out there protecting the president. They didn't issue him a firearm last night. It was obviously meant to be a lighthearted moment to celebrate this young man and his battle with this potentially and sometimes likely terminal disease. He's 13. And you took out of that, that, what do I, let me see. You're on the show. You're like, what are my viewers at M-S-N-B-C want to hear tonight?


I've got an idea. You ever hear Jesse Water's joke on the five where he says permission to make an analogy? They do that because the running joke is, analogies can go wrong really quickly. They can, and you gotta kind of be careful on the air. You don't make light or something. So that's kind of where that comes from. Give you a little inside baseball. Nicole should have asked the same question. Permission to make an analogy here to January 6th. And some of you, what do I think even the crazies over there would've been like, I I, I could tell you for sure gee, and Michael would be like, they'd be behind the scenes like, good. I would just say, man, you wanna go to A or something? Yeah. G Gee would be like, did you sleep well last night?


Like, ah, how your eye? Do you need an eye cream? We're gonna, g gee would stop the, he may even cut out of the show. There are things you just don't do. This is a, a a, a young man at 13 who's been through a tragedy in his life. Your viewers, look at this. There's the picture. I mean, you got director current and just enjoy it. You think that how, sorry guys, I'm just, I can't imagine watching this program at M-S-N-B-C and thinking, you know, I really hope somebody makes a January 6th analogy. Like, what? Oh my gosh, they have this title.


You just don't hate the media enough. I, I guess not in this case. I, I can't imagine a worst moment. I don't care about Nicole Wallace. I don't do media boycotts. It's a waste of everybody's time. Just telling you, if someone at NBC doesn't call her up and be like you, you really need to apologize. I would be astonished that it's just a terrible moment. Here's another awful moment last night, Democrats of course refusing to shake hands with President Trump's cabinet members, but members of the cabinet show some respect. It's not hard. I had, I don't get this. Oh damn, what would you know about that? Gee, I don't know. I was an agent for Barack Obama. You know when, when you leave the detail, I don't know if you know this, when you leave the President's detail, you have the opportunity to take Oval office photos with your family.


I took 'em. Barack Obama's the president of the United States. I have the photos. They're not hanging all over my house, but I have them. I didn't say no, I'm not taking the pictures. I you just shake their heads. What's a big deal? Everyone Has the one at work they don't like, Like, no, he's like, here, let me shock everyone. Breaking news. Everybody's in a work environment out there. If your workplace has more than two people like you and your wife, right? Which is a lot of small businesses, mid-size and certainly large businesses, everybody goes to work with someone they don't like. It's a good point. Kids adjust everything. Every, I mean, gee and Justin can't stand each other. It's like a UFC match in here the other day. Michael had to break it up. My, it was like a rear naked choke going on. Gee had the leg hooks in. I was like, guys, this is like an HR problem.


He can't have this in the workplace. There's not even a mat on the floor. But he does it anyway. They give each other a high five and get the show done. Apparently not the Democrats, watch this, check this out. Look At, look at what's happening. The Democrats are not even acknowledging the cabinet right now. I just don't remember that being standard. At least they would get up and shake their hands. Just the visual here, that they're not changing the visual. They're not engaging. Th this is not a pathway for it to part bipartisanship. How bad does it have to be? Where CNN's like, yeah, I'm not really sure this is a winner. You just shake their hands. This isn't complicated folks in the chat room. I, someone like, did, did Gee really?


No, no, I'm kidding. They, they're united. They're, it's actually, they're united against me in the Star Wars front with the ongoing drama over Rogue one. Very, very good friends. They're the, they're the best of friends. They love each. And you know, it's, whenever you mention Rogue, Rogue One, it's like a unity moment where they both fire bombs against me. I mean, it's really ruthless too. You would think this company was called like, you know, gee and Justin Inc. The way they don't even care. Like, ah, I signed the checks. Whatever. It doesn't matter. Doesn't matter. No respect. Like Rodney Dangerfield. No respect it, don't. I gotta have fun guys. I gotta have fun. I, I gotta put my serious hat on soon. Got serious things to do.


Not leaving you without a smile. I was just telling Avita that this morning. I said, man, we're gonna laugh a little bit before this wraps up. Hey, don't let me wait. I know I got the Joy Behar clip. Did you see the Joy Behar clip? What? Joy Behar clip. Hey, standby. This is the last day in the studio. The last day. We had some good moments here. You know, we had some good moments, but good moments at bad times. I mean, gee, you guys, you and Michael, remember when President Trump was shot in the head? I I'm, I'm calling him on the phone. Like, guys, we gotta, like we said, what do you want to do? Like, I think we should just go live.


And, you know, we didn't know too much other than he was obviously shot in the head. But we came in, we knocked out a show, and then when President Biden said he was leaving the race, I'm like, we gotta do it again. And so many shows here the, you know, the coverage after election day. So if everybody, you got the wave an emoji guy, throw one in the chat. And I know it's just a place, it's, you know, whatever. But it's not that. It's that we had the memories and the memories are gonna be tied to this place. It's just four walls on a floor, but the emotions around it are tough. This is the last podcast we will ever do from here. Tomorrow's show you will see, will be from the news studio.


And we're gonna give it. Yeah, there you go. Yeah man, you guys gonna miss this place too. I'm gonna show you something. This is just this thing here. It's just a TV man. There's a, can you do the two shot there? Yeah. Look there. You Oscar winners, the nominees. Anybody wanna watch a TV show in the back? That's all this is the new studio. We got New York City Bricks in the background. You'll see 'em later. A real iron, pilings, bookcases, fancy lighting, all this other stuff. Multiple sets here is just basically a converted apartment. I'm gonna miss this place. So sorry guys. Didn't mean to divert off the topic and it, yeah, look, zoom out.


Look Gizmos. This is Gee's little what Lego guys here. The, the Rhino Was that Jen Psaki? We got the the clown. We got all this is, and then you're all like cards people have given me, including, gee, this is Justin People's elbow. Gee, karate man, Bucky Dent, my favorite baseball player. Someone gave me the Bucky Dent card. Oh, I'm gonna miss this place some. A lovely young lady gave me this sponge. You know, thing I have, I try to keep everything folks, once in a while it gets lost in transit. But, oh, here's one more too. I was doing a book signing in Oklahoma, the Tulsa Police Department special ops team. That's a pretty badass patch right there.


And then hat tip, Danny Boy O'Connor, house of Pain. Gave me a little house of painting. Signed my, my tape in cassette. So last show from here, goodbye studio, old studio. Welcome in the new emotional, maybe cry a little bit. I'm just kidding. We'll miss you though the show tomorrow. So you're gonna tune into tomorrow's show. See the new studio for the first time. The guys, by the way, have been busting their ass. I want to thank them. But it is, when I say a new studio, I mean it's a whole new setup. Everything, the electronics, everything. So we're kind of flying by the seat of our pants a little bit tomorrow. So if there are some snafus in tomorrow's show, I hope you guys are cool with it.


All right? 'cause we're doing this no matter what. Okay, back to the show. Sorry about that. The view has always been as, I'm gonna miss this, by the way. 'cause once I put my nonpartisan government service hat on, I, my opinions are gonna stay inside. I've got a job to do, raise my right hand. I plan on doing it in a nonpartisan manner, obviously, or I wouldn't accept the job. So I'm gonna miss the view because it is a source of ongoing content for the show. And humor. Here is Joy Behar again, with the ridiculous argument that Donald Trump's win was not some kind of a landslide. It was in this Hyperpartisan environment. And she tries to bait Stephen A. Smith into it. Stephen A. Smith who acknowledges, he's not even a Trump supporter, kind of looks at us like, really?


Did you follow what just happened about two months ago, a little less than two months ago? Check this out. And he's Been going around with his cronies touting his so-called lands landslide and blowout win. But he won the popular vote by 1.5%, one of the smallest ever. And he won the general election by less than 50%. So what kind of mandate is this really? Well, It, it is a mandate. And I'm gonna explain why, and I don't mind the question, but let me be very clear. I'm no supporter of Trump. I'm a supporter of truth and the facts. And here's the facts. The man won every swing state he increased in terms of his vote voter turnout in his favor from the standpoint of blacks, Latinos, and young voters. He increased his numbers in that regard.


From 20 20, 80 9% of the counties shifted to the right. That's a mandate we can sit up there and play around all we want to in 2020. They didn't, Trump didn't win the popular vote. He didn't win the electoral college vote. A matter of fact, the Republicans hadn't won the, the, the popular vote, if I remember, 20 years to 2004. But they did this year. So 20 years after they last won a popular vote, they won the popular vote, they won the electoral college vote. The man won every swing state and or toted. All 89% of the counties shifted against. I don't understand how people can look at that and say there's no mandate, there's a mandate. What's, I wanna pile a quick tactical point onto Stephen a Smith's commentary there to Joy Behar who's just sitting there speechless as Stephen a just rattles off a series of accurate statistics.


By the way, folks, you have to understand all of this was done. The Donald Trump resounding victory swing states and movement of minority voters and elsewhere and other things as well, which he just mentioned. This was all done in a political use. The buzzword, the ecosystem, whatever, where the entertainment community largely the sports community, the music community, the acting community, the academic community, the corporate environment was, and certainly the media environment, which is obvious from that last segment was all tilted to the Democrat side. Let me here analogy for you, permission granted, thank you.


It's like going into a boxing match where you have 20 ounce gloves on your opponent has chain mail, has headgear, a chainsaw and a blow torch, and you win the match and you win it by decision. You get where I'm going with this. The context matters. People might say, well that wasn't an impressive victory. He only won by a split decision. Yeah, when you factor in the pho, the opponent had a blowtorch body armor on and a chainsaw while you had 20 ounce gloves and a hand tied behind your back. It's pretty darn impressive. That's pretty good analogy that that's what's going on here.


There. Donald Trump had the mechanisms of government law enforcement weaponized against them. There are no question about that. None media, I just went through the whole list. The entertainment community, all of them calling him all kinds of vicious, horrible names and he still wins every single swing state and the popular vote. I think that that's worthy of an impressive landslide mandate. Title. Donald Trump did something last night. President Trump did something very impressive last night too, folks, when you were in a debate with someone, what do they call this? It has a name. It, it doesn't matter. But there's this technique people have in a debate and you want me to, here, I'll, I'll, I'll drop this on you and put it in your little toolkit.


When you're debating someone on any issue, one of the most effective things you can do is say, I'm debating gee about Rogue One. Right? Gee loves Rogue one. Me, I'm getting there, but I'm not sold yet. What you say to people is, let me make the case that Rogue One is not the best Star Wars movie, but here's what gee is gonna say. It is one of the most effective debating tools. Why anybody know in the chat? Because when Gee says it, you look smarter, not him. Even if the point he makes is genius. Why do you look smarter? 'cause you look like you're able to predict the future. You do. You look like, my gosh, you ring gee's head, but keep in mind you're not really, let me, let me relate it back to politics.


You always know what a, what a Democrat's gonna say about tax cuts, right? No matter the tax cut, they probably hate it. Correct? So it's you. You don't have to be the stiggy in witches or you know, Carac from the Johnny Carson Show to say, my opponent here is gonna say he hates these tax cuts and here's why. The rich should pay their fair share that you saw Biden say it before in that State of the Union thing. Why do you know that? Because they always say that it doesn't take a genius or a super genius. But when you say it to an audience, you look more impressive. Here's Donald Trump last night, beautifully employing this debating trick right there when he says, no matter what I say tonight, the Democrats will not get up and applaud.


And then in fact they didn't. And he looks very prescient for doing it. Check this out. And once again, I look at the Democrats in front of me and I realize there is absolutely nothing I can say to make them happy or to make them stand or smile or applaud. Nothing I can do. I could find a cure to the most devastating disease, A disease that would wipe out entire nations or announce the answers to the greatest economy in history or the stoppage of crime to the lowest levels ever recorded. And these people sitting right here will not clap, will not stand, and certainly will not cheer for these astronomical achievements.


They won't do it no matter what. Five, five times I've been up here. It's very sad and it just shouldn't be this way. You see that? Listen man, it's a free country. I am an avid firm, passionate supporter of the First Amendment. Speak out. You don't like Donald Trump. Say what you gotta say, but you can't. Everybody who thinks this guy is some kind of, you know, unhinged, whatever, you're totally missing the forest for the trees. He does these things like this because he has a natural kind of instinct for this political back and forth that is, people do that in debates all the time.


And then what happens? The camera pans over and he's absolutely right. No one's responding, no one's clapping for even the good stuff. Hey, America's Back and the Democrats, you know, sitting on their hands. Employ that in your debates and you'll see it is an unbelievably effective tool to disarm what your opponent's gonna say before they even say it. I wanna bring this up again 'cause I don't wanna miss it. I only have a, let me see what a few shows left. We got next week, March 14th, be the last podcast. After that, Vince Colin Ace will be taking over. I promise you're gonna love him. He will be at 10:00 AM 10:00 AM Eastern Time and it's going to be an interview based show.


He has the best guests, he has tremendous access to people. He has an unbelievable show. He'll also be taken over on radio as well. There was a question from the audience. Is Vince gonna be streaming the radio to Rumble? I, I'll get you answers for all this stuff. I promise. As you can imagine, given this opportunity presented by President Trump, ag g Bondi, and Director Patel, I didn't have a lot of time. So we're still working through this with you. I'm not gonna lie to you, I'm, I'm, you know, this show is authentic for a reason. When I don't have an answer, I'm not sure yet. I will get that for you. But I can tell you this, the haley show rumble.com/haley, HAYL Ewell is happening. A vita's show's already been going.


rumble.com/avita Vince's show is happening at 10:00 AM and I will get you more the details. It should be on this feed here as we transition, I transition out so you won't have to do anything. All you have to do is watch Ji No Army. Thank you again. I want you to know, my wife and my daughter and I are trying to read as many emails as we can. I got one last night from a 70-year-old grandmother who loves the show and told me how she, you know, was not big on watching stuff on the internet before we started and now is hooked. I got your message and it means the world to me. I wasn't big on watching stuff on the internet either. And now look what happened. Thank you guys so much.


I'll be doing the radio show here in just a few minutes on Rumble if you want to tune in. And I will be back here from the news studio tomorrow at 11:00 AM Fingers crossed. Fingers crossed. You should just watch in case it's a total train wreck. Just watch. It'll be fun. We can watch it. Well lights fall down. Everything. It'd be crazy. It won't, it won't watch. He's like, will there be a public execution thing? No, no, no, no. It's okay. I rushed. I had a rush. I couldn't help it. Alright, enough for me. See you in the radio show a little bit back here tomorrow. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.