
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. Folks, I'm just gonna throw this out there for the folks in the chat, because sometimes getting a big bird's eye view from this collective group of wisdom, from the bonino army out there is better than just my are really, are you tired of the winning? And, and don't, don't wait. Don't, don't hold on. Don't respond yet. Standby A serious question here, because there's an article last night in the Wall Street Journal by Carl Rove. Hey, hear me out. Just hear me out. Okay? I know what you're thinking already. Oh, I get that done.


The article, basically the gist of it is this, that the, the winning, and this is Roe, who's not even a big Trump guy. I think we all know that Carl Roe is more of a bushy, but he acknowledges in the piece that there's never been a, a, a month long set of winning cycles like this, like President Trump. He doesn't in any way attack him in the peace, but he goes on to suggest that you should slow down some of the winning. Hear me out, because some of the wins are so big that maybe you should do like a week long victory lap. In other words, he brings up the border. What? Think about that. I'm gonna write this down question. Think about that.


Comment in the chat. Yes. Immediate flood the zone. Rock him so, and robots winning, or slow down on the winning a bit and emphasize the wins. Talk in the chat. I got a lot to get to today. Cash Patel, big day. Get on the phone with your senators folks, we need it. The winning and a big announcement about a new show right here. You heard it first.


Today's show, sponsored by Birch Gold. I buy my gold from Birch Gold Text Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Get your free info kit on Gold.


Today's show also sponsored by our friends at All Family Pharmacy. Listen, healthcare is a complicated mess here. We know it. You should be able to help protect yourself and your family without jumping through hoops. So waiting for permission, right? That's what all family pharmacy offers. It's a no hassle way. I love this company. To get the medications you need, just complete the form online. A licensed doctor provides the prescription, your med shipped fast and right to your door. You need Ivermectin, hydroxychloroquine, emergency antibiotics, other essential medications. Folks, I get a ton of email about this company, so make sure you write this URL down all family pharmacy.com/bonino. Really important. Let's be real last several years. Show us exactly why you can't rely on insurance companies. Have your back. You have to be prepared for whatever comes next. You cannot have all this stuff locked up behind a pharmacy counter. If there's an emergency, the pharmacy's gonna close. That's why I trust all family Pharmacy. I've used them twice on trips. I took vacations. They came in through the, they, they came, they rescued me in the clutch. They step up when the system fails. You Take control today. Go to all family pharmacy.com/bonino. Use code bonino 10, and you'll get 10% off your order. Do not wait until you need it. Stock up now. That's all family pharmacy.com/bonino code BONINO 10. All family pharmacy and IT products are not intended as a substitute for professional medical treatment or advice, consult with your healthcare provider.


All right, fellas, let's go. So, back to the question. You guys have a chance in the chat to discuss. Remember that? What was it? The, the Coffee cot lady in, in Saturday Night Live was at Mike Myers who played that discuss, okay. I, I think, I think Rove is wrong, but I don't think, I, I don't think his opinion there is crazy either the border win, which we'll get to hopefully later in the show about how you guys, okay? Yep. Okay. The about the dramatic drop in illegal crossings is such a win that it's not the worst idea in the world to maybe take a victory lap over it. However, we have them caught so off guard now, why give them the chance to even zone in on say the border and then fight us back where they can isolate their forces.


I think the rock and so robots is winning. I think we continue, but just, here's just the last basically 48 hours. Folks, just a quick list and I got a big show here. The right track poll is the country on the right track, which is a really important poll, is trending in an extremely positive direction. The DHS under Christy Nome, I'm hearing they're gonna start implementing a polygraph program to get these leakers out there who are telling dangerous gang members that there were immigration raids coming. They're inexcusable. Trump has designated the, the cartels, foreign terrorist organizations, gives him a tremendous amount of leeway on the financial asset seizure side.


You have the shakeup in Ukraine where he's like, we're done with the status quo. We're gonna fix it. That happened yesterday. Kelly Loeffler confirmed. SBA cash Patel up today, 1:45 PM Eastern Time. Make sure everybody, McGrain crew, I need you guys email the senators today. I don't care if they're you. They said they were a yes. There were no, we want cash there. Donald Trump got, here's another one I'm gonna talk about later in the show. New York wants a congestion tax, a commuter tax on its middle class citizens, which will bankrupt them, right? Corrupt. Donald Trump got this crazy Democrat governor in New York, Kath Hoel to actually sue him in court for the right to tax people for driving after they already paid a toll, most of 'em to get into New York.


Jim, you remember New York. Jim listens to the show on the radio. You, there's only a few ways in. You can get in the Lincoln Tunnel, the Holland Tunnel, the Midtown Tunnel, the Triborough Bridge. There's a couple freebies, the Queenie B, the Queensborough. I think the Williamsburg is still free, but that's it. Everybody else is already paying to get it to New York. The governor is suing Donald Trump in court for the right to tax the living crap outta the citizens already paying the toll already. Can you believe how stupid this woman is? This is another, I'm not even done with the winning. I don't wanna get bogged down in any moment. The Democrat Congress approval rating, thanks to Chuck Schumer, Jasmine Crockett, and these buffoons and their endless press conferences is now at a almost all time low of 22%.


The Democrat congressional approval rating, DEI programs are being eliminated from HUD and the Department of Education, Howard Lutnick, department of Commerce Secretary confirmed, and Donald Trump signed an executive order. No more federal tax money, which is your tax money to illegals show's over. That's a show right there. We, I honestly don't need to do anything else. I will, because I enjoy it. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show. I'm not messing with you, bro. I said, well, that's a whole show. Any one of these items I just talked about, I could do a 20 minute bid on no problem.


The commuter tax thing in New York is probably the best story of all. I know it doesn't sound there. What do I care about? What I, it is so Donald Trump, how he managed to get the left to show their ass on everything. I've never the guy is he, he, he may be the greatest troll of all time. There's nothing like him, but I do have a lot to get to, including a big announcement, folks. Cash Patel 1 45. Today is the vote. It looks good. But folks, I don't, I I don't, I don't care about what it looks like. I'm a spreadsheets guy. I'm a spreadsheets guy. Republican Senators, please. The Bonino Army. The MAGA army out there. We want cash.


We need this vote down. 1 45 should wrap up while I'm on the radio show. If you want a live reaction today at around two 2:05 PM shouldn't take more than 20 minutes. Hopefully we will have an FBI director. I, he's gonna swear in right away. And Ladies and gentlemen, there's gonna be a cleanup operation, okay? We're gotta make the FBI great again. That's what we have to do. Finally, I have a big announcement. Are you ready? This is bananas, folks, because you guys have been the bonino army out there. You guys and ladies out there have been so amazing to me. I, I didn't wanna leave you without content.


So my, my goal has always been, when I say leave you without content, I mean I'm on from 11 to 12 and then I have my radio show, but I know, and I have a lot of, I'm not an anti cable news guy. Watch cable news, and there's gonna be a role for cable news in the future. There is. It's not going anywhere. May I have a smaller audience? But cable news still important. I got millions of viewers. But let's be honest, the digital space is the future. It just is. Your TV in the future is gonna be a dumb box. You're just gonna download an app and watch whatever you want right there on the dumb box. That's how, that's the future. That cable's even doing it. There's an Xfinity app now. That's how most people are getting cable. My goal at this bonino with the Dan Bonino kind of publishing and, and and production empire has always been to give you a competitor to Cable News.


We launched Aida's show, the early edition with Avida. It has been a huge success. I hope you're following the channel. What is it? Rumble.com/avita/avita, which is easy enough. rumble.com/avita right there on Avitas Show is one of the number one launches for podcast. So, because it was such a success, I have been scouting around for talent and there is someone I've known a really, really long time. She's amazing. I've known Navita through her family. It was obviously a great pick because she has taken the show and just done spectacular things with it. Haley Caria has been a good friend of mine for a long time. If you don't know her, you will. She's an amazing talent.


We adore her. It's a different kind of show, but that's okay. We like that. Haley has been amazing. She's gone viral many times on TikTok and elsewhere. She's going to be doing the evening edition show at 6:00 PM We will be launching it very shortly. It's H-A-Y-L-E-Y-C-A-R-O-N-I-A. So Anita, if you could look up her social media, Instagram and other, if you guys could follow her now, I'd appreciate it. So we're gonna be launching her show stat and you're gonna love it. She's super talented. She's a lot of fun to watch and we've got more for you coming in the future. We are gonna give you a full competitor to.


We're gonna give you stuff all day. Just gimme some time. So big announcement. Welcome Haley to this team. We're all looking forward to it. It's gonna happen quick too. So get ready. Haley Carina evening edition. I'm pretty stoked about it. Another new show. Good feedback from the chat about beating. You did? Yeah. Awesome. We love you guys in the chat. So thank you. Who said congrats? There you go. Okay. Ca Carvin. Carvan e ffr. That's amazing. Thank you guys. We love you guys. It's all for you. I want leave you guys and rumbles free. You can pay for Rumble premium so you don't gotta get the midroll kind of inserts. That's up to you. We love it if you do, but you don't have, rumble is free.


Yeah, but there are ads they pay. You know, rumbles an expensive enterprise. So we, that's what we pay for it. All right, let's get to the show folks. I am a big proponent of the Donald Trump plan. There's two particular plans going on because executive orders are great, right? We can all agree. Donald Trump has done a lot by executive order. But for those in the chat, who's gonna get the first one again? What's the problem with executive orders? Anyone in the chat know there's a pretty significant problem. A lot of upside. The upside is the speed, right? Donald Trump goes like this, signs it Donald J. Trump, the executive orders implemented pending lawsuits, which we get I under. There's gonna be lawsuits about everything. We understand that.


But what's the problem with executive orders? Anyone know? Yes. Got your six in Roman numerals says yes. The next election, the next executive could be a Democrat and just overturn 'em. Thank you. Got your six. I got your six too. You need legislation. Legislation makes the concrete dry. Donald Trump knows this. So does the Congress and the Senate. We need legislation. Donald Trump cannot cut taxes by himself. He can. He can move things around within the executive branch higher and fire. The unitary executive is real. He cannot implement legislation himself. There are two. If this is boring, tell me in the chat, shut your freaking pie hole.


Thank you, Anita. We love you. You're the best. You're the queen. If this poor say shut your freaking pie hole. 'cause I'm fascinated by this. The United States Senate, not all of them, but many senators want a two bill approach border and defense first, which they think will be an easy win. Tax cuts economy. Second, the house side. Speaker Johnson side, which I agree with wholeheartedly is bs. Put it all in one bill. Donald Trump came out. He's spoken about this on my show. He's kind of said a few times, I don't care either way. Now he's basically all in. He said he knocks the Lindsey Graham version of the bill and he says, the house resolution, the one bill approach implements the full America first agenda.


Everything, not parts of it. He wants all caps. One big, beautiful bill. It will, without question, make America great again. Let me explain to you briefly why one bill is the answer. I know a lot of people up on the hill, like, what the hell does this guy know? Listen, I've been doing this a long time, okay? I'm not stupid. I nobody's read the MAGA crowd better than us. The biggest MAGA show out there. People are ready to back you for big, bold change. This a hundred days, first, a hundred days, first month of Donald Trump. And subsequent a hundred days are proving it. People are ready for big things. They don't want small bites at the apple pie, okay?


They wanna take the whole big thing. They're not looking for piecemeal stuff, number one. Number two, the smaller you make the bill, everybody follow me in the chatty is important. The smaller you make the bill, the more material you give people within the small bill to object to. If you do a big bill, the things they would've objected to in the smaller bill get scooped up in the big bill. And they have to pick and choose what to object to. Let me just easier. You put two desserts on the table. Someone goes, ah, I like these both, but this one, I'm not so sure.


I like the color of that whipped cream in the corner. I'm gonna pass this one. You put them a hundred of 'em on the table. Nobody's even gonna notice that. Nobody's even gonna notice that because it's quick. I gotta do one. That's what you do. You hammer this thing while the MAGA crowd wants to change. America is ready to take the ball. Forget by the horns, by the balls, and run with this thing. Go move forward. Red line. Hit that tachometer sixth gear, that thing, man. We are ready. Donald Trump is political instincts. Come on. Republicans announced and Senate, you know, I don't like Republican on Republican political nonsense, okay? Because it's a waste of time.


We got a bigger problem with the Democrats. You know, Donald Trump for all the knocks. Some, some of you guys have been, and you know you do. Some of you guys are badmouthing behind the scenes, whatever. That's you do what you want. I'm just telling you, you know, his political instincts are better than yours. They just are. They just are one bill. Get it done. Okay. How do we know Donald Trump's political instincts are good? Well, don't take my word for it, Ladies and gentlemen, I appreciate that you do. I hope my opinion matters. I do a lot of homework. My opinion doesn't mean Jack squat and Jack left town. You gotta back it up with evidence. Here's CNN's Harry Enton on a poll about Trump approval.


Don't believe me. Leave CNN. Check this out. Donald Trump And the Republican Party has changed the electorate. What do I mean by that? Well, let's take a look at party identification. Democrats versus Republicans. You go back to 20 17, 5 points more of the electorate was Democrats than Republicans. You go to 2021 when Joe Biden was starting out. Look at that. Six points, more of the electorate was Democrats than Republicans. But look at what's happened in February of 2025. Look at this, Republicans, there are more Republicans in the electorate than there are Democrats, Republican plus two. So Donald Trump and the Republicans have remade the electorate. They've turned some people over from being Democrats or independents to become Republicans. New folks have entered the electorate who are more Republican leaning.


And so when you combine that with the fact that Republicans are really, really behind Donald Trump, all of a sudden you get a winning recipe whereby you break the normal rules of politics and give Donald Trump that positive net approval rating when he had pretty much a consistently negative one in term number one, Don't I? I, I appreciate that you believe me and trust me on the show, we have a pretty solid record of displaying and transmitting facts and data and receipts. But that doesn't mean you get a pass on the next. You gotta back up what you say to the Republicans in Congress who may have this undercurrent of distrust about Trump's political instincts.


I'm just asking you to, to back it up. If he's saying one big beautiful bill is better, I trust the guy. The numbers back it up that America is ready for a big, bold, transformational change. One last thing, and gee thinks I'm being too wordy on this, and it's possible I am, but I, I'm, I'm so fascinated by this. Can you imagine? You get this big, bold, beautiful bill out there. The border's closed, the military's funded with high quality weapons and cleaned out of all the waste. The tax cut goes through no tax on tips, the no tax on social security. This is all in one big bill. Regulatory reforms, all of it in one big bill.


Donald Trump goes around the country all over the place. I these go to LA too. Does like five or six big national stops in huge media markets. Folks, this thing will pass with every Republican you wanna be on the wrong side of it. That's how you rock and roll. How do I know you've got a limited opportunity to do this? Data matters. Interactive polls on X great account. I enjoy it. Here's a Quinnipiac poll. I, again, not some right-leaning pollster folks. 22% of voters approve of the way the Democrats. The Democrats in Congress are handling their job. They note that's an all time low.


Republicans have at least a 40, almost double. You've got a window to move. Now. You've got this huge 20, almost 20 point percentage point buffer and approval. Donald Trump is at peak popularity. The Democrats are in disarray. They have no leader. They have no mission. They have no message. They have no nothing. They have zero one big bill. Do it. Do it quick. Do it surgical. Do your rallies. Get the public behind it. In six weeks, we could be looking at a changed America. We'd sign legislation and Donald Trump at 55% approval and Republican Congress members at 40, 45, maybe even 50.


Do it. Do it now. I got another piece of winning coming up for you after the break and something very sensitive to me. Donald Trump understands there is a big, big role for an unpoliticized Constitutional Department of Justice. And we have not had that. More winning on that too.


New sponsor ramp. Wow. New sponsor. Welcome ramp ramp.com/bonino. Maybe asking well, what's ramp? I'm gonna tell you I know what expense chaos looks like for me. It's like receipts and invoices from multiple different places. Subscriptions you don't even remember signing up for you. What is that? Happens all the time. It's a nightmare. Ramp. Helps take care of all that ramp. It's a free, it's a free corporate card that handles tedious financial operations automatically. So your finance team can focus on what actually moves the needle. Forecasting, strategic planning and driving growth ramp. Also real-time feeds into NetSuite. Automated receipt matching, custom approval workflows. Everything you need for Bulletproof Books make your life simple. Switch to ramp. It's easy for new members. RAMP RAMP offers a complimentary white glove onboarding service to help you migrate from your current corporate card to start using ramp over 25,000 businesses. Trust Ramp, including Shopify and the Boys and Girls Club of America. Which is why they were just number one in spend management by G two. And now for a limited time, Dan Bongino Show listeners can get a $250 gift card when you join ramp. How do you do it? You go to ramp.com/bonino, RAP ramp.com/bonino ramp.com/bonino. Check 'em out. Support our sponsors cards issued by Sutton Bank member. FDIC. Terms and conditions apply. Thank you Ramp. Welcome. Good to have you.


So this is an issue sensitive to me. The updates from last night. He calls this the Trump truce updates because you guys, if you're not paying attention like these guys did, Donald Trump's truth account, you're missing out on all the goodies. Donald Trump is now firing all of the quote Biden era US attorneys. We must clean house immediately and restore confidence. America's golden age has to have a fair justice system that begins today, Ladies and gentlemen. Again, the left. How many times we gotta talk about it. We, we can use it. We've used this title that has show what 50 times because it's so appropriate almost every single day. The hair's on fire, the wedding of the diapers.


It's really embarrassing. Folks U Us, what we call AUSAs and USAs, US attorneys. I know in USAs, the United States of Americas, no, no, it's US attorneys in the, in the law enforcement field and AUSAs, assistant United States attorneys. They serve at the pleasure of the president. These are not civil service type employees. These are not administrators. These are political appointees. Donald Trump has every right to let them go. Joe Biden did the same thing. It's not an argument. Let the media meltdown. They're embarrassing themselves. It doesn't matter. I just wanted, the only reason I'm discussing this story, 'cause if you're like, if it's not a big deal and they do this whole time, why are you talking about, 'cause I'm, there's a bigger story here.


It's about AUSAs, but it's about the new Republican party. And it's this, if you're bored right here, go put in a search engine. George Bush, United States attorney Scandal. Scandal with air quotes, right? George W. Bush fired some US attorneys too. And do you remember, it was like this really big quote, scandal. This goes to show you, you are the media now. It was a fake scandal. George W. Bush, whether you loved him or him, had every right to fire us attorneys. Happens all the time. But because the media declared it a scandal, it actually became a scandal because they can make up fake news. And you, that was the only thing you had back then was fake news.


Now, a story like this, do you notice the media that the response to this has been almost null and void because of the rockham. So robot strategies, why I disagree with Roe's piece. This is why you just keep hitting them. You're not even gonna hear about this. It'll be a non-story. The minute cash is approved today, this was a huge, I'm gonna say two weeks story. When George W. Bush was president, maybe more. They're just not the media, the media's not the driver of the national narrative anymore, folks. They're just not. You are the media. Now you know why this story's important because it's not. Does that make sense?


This story's important because it's not important. It happens all the time. And in the past it would've been a scandal. Alright, moving on. The Ws are just piling in. I told you in the beginning of the show with the can't stop winning thing that Carl Rove, he has a piece in the journal. We discussed it earlier, but there's this two competing ideas now in DC the winning is actually coming so fast. People are starting to wonder, like Carl Rove kind of old school Republicans, I get it, but I'm just giving you multiple perspectives. This is why we're better than them. Like we see their side, but they don't see ours. They just see us as a bunch of crazies, even though we keep winning. It's not a crazy theory when you think about it, that maybe we should slow down the winds and maybe do a national tour about success at the border.


I, I personally, I don't agree with that. I think we can walk in chew gum at the same time to use the stupid cliche I hate, but whatever. You all get the point. A win-win. It's a win-win. It's a win-win, right? This is like cliche time now, right? I like Rockham Soum, right? And I think it's working because of the A USA story, which is a non story. But I wanna give you the actual numbers because they, they're so ridiculously good that they're almost hard to believe that it does make you think maybe we should take a breath even for a weekend and do like a border tour. Here is Paul Perez, what is it? The, the CBP rep. He's on a cable news channel here talking about the border numbers. It's almost hard to believe how quickly Donald Trump shut the border is amazing.


Check this out. I've been with Border patrol since the INS days back in 1997, so going on 28 years, and this is definitely trending to be the most secure border that I've ever worked under because of Donald Trump's policies and everything that he, he's put in place to secure the border. It's working. And those numbers actually tell that story, Folks, they're ridiculous. I saw some number yesterday, there were like 260 encounters at the border. There were thousands, tens of thousands of, it's insane. It's almost like illegal immigration as effectively, like, stopped it.


It, which I know you in the chat are like, Hey, Dan, get your head outta your ass. Of course it stopped once you, I I I don't need to. You are right. I, I, I understand what you're saying. I know what you're thinking. That once you get a president in there who says, Hey, newsflash, borders closed. You come here, you're getting deported, arrested, that's it. And we'll fly you right back outta here. So you're wasting your time. Shocker. Air quotes, right? Nobody shows up. This isn't hard. This isn't hard, but you gotta mean it. That's the thing. 'cause again, Bino army, you may say, well, Dan Alejandro Myorca, Biden's, DHS secretary said the border was closed too.


Yeah, but everybody knew he didn't mean it. They just showed up at the border and wasn't closed. It's like telling everyone in the, in the HOA in your neighborhood, Hey man, my my, you know, my doors are locked. And then you leave your doors unlocked, the doors still gotta be locked or else people eventually gonna break into your house. Another big W yesterday, as we constantly rack up the winds, he calls, gee, calls 'em the dubs. The dubs are piling up, you guys, is that camera not work? No, we're moving to the new studio. What's, oh, yeah, we have two cameras in here. You ever see the side shot? We can't even show you the side shot anymore because everybody moved everything out of the studio. Everything's like gone. It's like a ghost town other than a modern, you're gonna love the new studio.


By the way, here's another Big W Yesterday. Donald Trump and his team at the State Department under de Marco Rubio, has officially designated the following as foreign terror organizations. You can see trend ua, MS 13, Sinaloa Cartel, listen to the drug cartels. There's a new sheriff in town. Man, he may not be officially titled the Sheriff, but I think you get the point when Donald Trump declares you an FTO Foreign terror organization, there's a real consequence to that. Your assets, money, all this stuff that you're hiding in banks, and anyone who may be supporting you can be subject to almost like Rico style investigations. So this is not some just PR thing.


Oh look, let's call 'em terror organizations to make it look like we're serious folks. There's a real penalty to this. This is Donald Trump saying, you're not gonna poison our kids anymore, fentanyl, not on my watch. There's gonna be a real penalty and it may involve death. I am just telling him, once the military gets involved and the drones, they're not gonna be an easy fight. You know, I saw a, my good friend Jesse Kelly on Twitter, v very pa, very patriotic history of military service himself. So he knows Jesse's got his own radio show. But Jesse, Rowan, listen, it's not gonna be an easy fight. This isn't gonna be these, these cartels are very, very well armed and trained very well.


This isn't some, you know, this isn't like a sicario or whatever. This is gonna be a real, real big deal. It's not a movie. If you've seen a movie, you know what I'm talking about, right? But it's a step. It's a step. And Donald Trump is sending a message just like he did at the border. We're not screwing around. I've got more Ws, the Trump tariffs. And I want you to listen in this soundbite coming up next. I'll take a quick break here, but I want you to listen in the soundbite because again, all the economists attacking Donald Trump on tariffs. I've said before, I don't like tariffs. I'm, I'm, I haven't changed my mind on tariffs. I do like tariffs as a negotiating tool. And that's why you gotta listen. Listen to what he say Last break.


And we got a ton more content for I'm not even. You guys are right. It's gonna be so much left over. It's ridiculous.


Hey, I feel like everything's gotten more expensive these days, but not top of the line. Hearing aids from MD hearing. MD hearing recently cut their price in half. I just gave a pair of these. By the way, this woman friend of ours who helps us out around the house MD hearing, just made their neo rechargeable digital hearing aids only $297 a pair. It's over 90% less than clinic hearing aids. The neo fits inside your ear so no one will even know it's there. Plus MD hearing just launched the Neo excess MD hearing smallest hearing aid ever. $297 for a pair of hearing aids is good, is crazy. MD hearing is sold over 2 million hearing aids. They're offering a 45 day risk free trial with a 100% money back guarantee. MD hearing was just selected to be the hearing aid supplier for top Medicare Advantage plans. So a brand you can trust, get the high quality affordable hearing aids you deserve with MD hearing, go to shop md hearing.com and use promo code Patriot to get a pair of hearing aids for just $297. Plus they're adding a free extra charging case, a hundred dollars value. Just for listeners of my show, that's shop md hearing.com. Use our promo code Patriot and get a pair of hearing aids for just $297.


Thanks MD hearing and our last sponsor, black Out Coffee. You know, it's my Coffee of Choice. Matter of fact, right now it is the official Coffee of the Bungee. Don't want me, but why folks? I believe in the parallel economy. That's where it's at. I believe in the parallel economy, the freedom economy, the liberty economy, the America First Economy and John and Blackout Coffee. He owns the place. They absolutely love America. But it's important. Loving America means working hard. Produce a good product too. Blackout coffee uses premium beans. They ship fresh within 48 hours of roasting. Their regular coffees are amazing. Their flavored coffees are amazing. The cinnamon French toast, the dark chocolate, absolutely outstanding. See what I'm talking about? Blackouts the real deal. Stop drinking. That woke corporate coffee. There's people don't even like us and the coffee tastes like crap too. Blackout coffee, delicious, bold, never bitter coffee. That's blackout coffee.com/bonino. Or use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. Make the switch to blackout coffee. You're gonna love it.


Okay? Back to the show. I want you to listen here while we're on the topic here, just to ground ourselves again, a big Trump Ws and this winning theory there. I'm just gonna put this in. I don't wanna forget to talk about this later on radio. Do we slow the winning down and take a victory lap? Or do we keep the winning coming, keep it coming because they cannot focus on one specific thing and it's having a real material impact on them. I will say one thing though, just and tell me if you agree in the chat. Here is the one condition, you know, we got Rockham Soum, right? The one condition where I would say take the rockham soum, place 'em down and ask to go to sleep for a minute. The one condition I would have is if we passed this big, bold, beautiful bill, tax reform, regulatory reform, border reform, military cleanup.


If we passed that, then I would take a week or so to do a victory lap. Do you agree? You may think I'm crazy. You may say, screw it, Dan. Next day hit him with another. Okay. Okay. That's the one time I think that's so big. Michael. You agree? I do that you take not, maybe not a week, maybe you sign on a Monday and by Wednesday you go rock 'em so him again. But you gotta take a few days to celebrate that. That would be freaking huge. But one of the things in there is gonna be economic reform. And they're knocking Trump, these economists on tariffs, folks. I agree. I love economics. Robots are speaking. Wow, wow. No, keep it. Look at this. Wow. Let me just stop this. Nope, who said it? Who said it? Here. Let's give someone here.


Always on groin. Always. That's the one of our mc always is like a rock star in the Mcgras always says, keep it coming. I've never been overwhelmed with such negativity on a comment on my own channel. Okay, you guys win. I've where my Bonino army show for you. It's not for me. I don't, I don't know at all. I'm, you wanna keep hitting them So you, just so we're clear, you're suggesting sign the bill on a Monday at what we do a signing. What is it? What's a good media cycle? 3:00 PM 3:00 PM a lot of people, you know, wrapping up the day, but they're getting three P by 3 0 1. We're out there hitting 'em again. Okay. I'm, I'm, dude, I'm game. You know, they talk me right back. Right? Just right back again.


Okay. I'm cool with that. I just think that's such a big deal that to just go and do a quick little victory tour for a couple days and to just show people what we just did. But, okay, moving on. One of the things' gonna be economic reform. I want you to listen to Trump on terrors. Yes. He believes in tariffs. I, I'm not a huge believer in tariffs. We do have to get tax revenue from somewhere. The problem with I see with tariffs is it's a $25 million income base we're dealing with, which I hate the income tax. I wanna be clear, it's only three. Did I say true? Excuse me. Is it, what is it? 25,000,000,000,003 and it's three on the other end.


So it's, there's not a, there's not a lot of kind of feathers to pluck from the goose there, right? But tariffs are an unbelievable negotiating tool. An unbelievable negotiating tool to use. Listen at the end, this is why Trump is so damn good at this. He makes you believe that this is gonna happen and it's gotta be a credible threat. And then at the end he says, listen, in this, he's talking about auto towers, but give them some, some time to move here, check this out. You Decided specifically what the auto tariff rate should Be. Yeah, I probably will tell you that in on April 2nd. But it'll be in the neighborhood of 25%. What are some study conductors and pharmaceuticals? It'll be 25% and higher and it'll go very substantially higher over a course of a year.


But we want to give them time to come in because as you know, when they come into the United States and they have their plant or factory here, there is no tariff Folks. You see why he's, he's, he's better at this than I am. The, he just is he why I ran for office. I didn't win. He won, he won three times. Okay? So he said, I dunno what to tell you. He's really good at this. I I, I, I know Donald Trump pretty well, but I wouldn't say we're like coffee buddies or anything. I don't wanna exaggerate my relationship. You know, I hate that when people are, oh, Trump's my buddy. I hate that sounds so stupid. Like name dropping like that. But I know him well enough and I'm telling you, looking right in the camera, I honestly don't know how serious he is about tariffs.


I don't, there's a side of me that thinks he really believes it. And a side of me that's like, he's gotta know what they do. But that's, that's the gift in this. It's not the curse. You understand? 'cause if you don't believe the tariff is a real threat, the tax on your, say you're Joe's motor Company and you're selling cars in Mexico and building them in Mexico, but importing some, or excuse me, exporting some into the United States, the tariff 25%. If your cars a thousand dollars, whatever, just store, it's gonna be expensive. It's gonna be $1,250 if you don't compensate on the, on the price side. 'cause it's 25% more.


So the companies knows it's gonna lose market share. So they're incentivized to say, Hey, screw it. We're just gonna build in the United States. That's the beauty of the whole thing. That when you use a tariff as a negotiating tool, he may move some of this production right back here to the United States. What would mean jobs capital investment elsewhere. You get it folks? 'cause it's a fair enough critique to say, Dan, you can't have it both ways where tariffs are good things or bad things. I'm not a tariffs attacks period. However, we do have to get taxes from somewhere. And if we can use that as a vehicle to get production here, then I'll take it. I'll take it and listen to 'em at the end.


You gotta listen to everything Donald Trump says, here is the biggest WI if this story sucks, everybody in the chat who said, I get it there. Red State deplorable. Good. I get it too. Do you hate this story about New York? If you do, I won't cover it. I love this story and I don't want to, I don't wanna cover it just 'cause I was from New York. I think this story is, if you are still confused about how Donald Trump rolls and how he constantly gets the left to like show their ass to the public, you will not be confused after this story. How he gets these people to do the dumbest things possible 'cause they hate him, is the most remarkable skill I've ever seen.


Folks, they hated George W. Bush. They hated MIT Romney. They hate every Republican, but I've never seen them act so tactically inept. Here's the story. Put this up at the New York Post. Donald Trump cancels basically the New York City congestion pricing, big hat tip to Secretary Duffy at the Department of Transportation as well. They basically said, you can't do it. Sorry. They need approval for us and we're not giving it to you. Congestion pricing is a very, very simple concept. If you were gonna drive into a congested traffic area of Manhattan, New York City wants to charge you another, another toll I want you to keep in mind.


I am from New York to get into Manhattan. Most of the crossings are already told. Jim, producer Jim just sent this to me. He looked it up. The Verno Bridge, which comes from Staten Island is currently 11 19 11. You are already paying more than 11 bucks to enter Manhattan, the Midtown Tunnel. All of this stuff you are already paying. Manhattan wants to charge you more. And here's the thing, it's gonna be about nine bucks, but when traffic gets bad, it's gonna be even more. We got a video of psych Duffy here talking About it.


Oh, you do? You know what? Play Duffy. And then I'm gonna tell you on the other side what Get ready. This is an important segment. Why this story, which seems so regional and stupid, like, oh, who cares? It's not, it is probably the biggest face plant that Democrats have done yet. Check this out. Why Can't New York City determine what it wants to charge for people to come in and out? So we give the authority, number one. And so the American taxpayer, the New York taxpayer funded those streets. And the way the governor set this up is she said, even though you already paid for these streets, you can't use those streets unless you pay an additional toll. Well, if I'm the taxpayer, I'm like, I already paid for the street.


Why am I paying an an, an additional toll to the taxes I already paid? There's no free pathway into that cordoned area, right? So if you're a middle income or a lower income shopper or worker, you can't access public roads by any means into this area that's flat out wrong. And that's, we don't, we've never had a program like that where there's not a free public road to get in to a certain area. No, you guys are wrong. There's a total side debate. She, she absolutely avita 100% has her dad's eyes put up a screen. Come on. They're like, they're arguing over here. Michael's obviously knows Avita. Well, they're like married and stuff, but Avita Duffy of course our, our morning show.


Well, Sean's her dad, you're telling me why can't New York City look at Sean's eyes and look at her? Can you get a picture Avita charger? They're like, oh, he doesn't look anything like her dad. Oh yes, she looks like Rachel, her mom a lot. But tell me that's on her dad's eyes. Come on. 100, there's Sean. Okay, and then that is 100% his daughter. A hundred percent the eyeballs. A hundred percent the eyeballs. Look at the eyes. She got the same eyes. Folks in the chat, please chime in. These guys are great. Heck yeah, we just said it. Patty 84. It's same. It's the same eyes. Of course. Yeah, she looks like our mom.


But she definitely had her dad's eyes. But getting back, I didn't even get, thank you for playing that clip. Shame on me. Shame, shame. Game of throne style. Start throwing rotten tomatoes at me. I didn't even think of that angle. Did New York City residents already paid for the damn road? It's not a private road. It was funded by their tax. They already own it. So think about this. Donald Trump comes in congestion tax canceled by everybody. Let me read you a text from my brother, who by the way, who wasn't a big Republican in the past, but it's a huge Trump supporter. Now, hold on. I gotta, okay, I gotta show you.


I gotta play. This is him. Yesterday. Yesterday. Yesterday. Oh, New York just yesterday. Yeah, New York just came out on me. 'cause I was talking about my brother. Dude, Trump's post on tr, this is an exact one on truth about canceling. Ingesting pricing is epic. Five exclamation points. It's driving hocal nuts. Neighbors love this long lived the king effing awesome all caps. That's my brother up in New York. Your local three electrician and the union guy, they're all in a, they love Trump for this. So Trump gets an epic political win, number one. Number two, this was a tax that was gonna hammer the middle class. Ladies and gentlemen, rich people love taxes like this.


They do. Yes they do. You know why? What's the most valuable thing? Rich people have folks in the chat. What is it? What's the most valuable thing rich people have? Anyone know? Someone's gotta get this. Yes. Ste. A girl. Time. Time. You think a rich guy worth 500 milli gives a shit about a $9 tax. He doesn't care. He's like, wait. So it's gonna keep a bunch of people off the roads. Grace, the irony of this thing is it screws the middle class and the third win out of the, not the at the the the win here is that the messaging thing, the Democrats are backwards.


The third win is the crazy New York governor's gonna sue him in court for the right to tax the shit out of middle class people. This is insane folks. This is the greatest story to highlight the collapse of the Democrat party we've ever seen. You want another one? You know I love this guy Peter Stong. He does great videos on economics. You should check him out on X. It's Peter common spelling. S-T-O-N-G-E. Very, very good account. He does really hard hitting videos, very good on the economic stuff. He did a video the other day about another example of how the Democrat party, just like this New York congestion pricing story is so f afraid.


This is why I disagree with the Carl Grove approach of slowing down. It's, it's working. Rock em so robots. It's just working. Don't slow down. Full speed ahead. This is what happened the other day. Donald Trump, along with a lot of Americans, I would argue a majority at minimum of plurality of Americans are getting very frustrated with the Ukrainian war. Nobody saying Ukraine deserves this. We're not knocking the Ukrainian people at all. Don't read this the wrong way. However, Zelinsky has really fought. He's completely let you down. The messaging attacking Donald Trump after all the United States has done to support the the mission over there was really a stupid move.


The Democrats, because Trump is now starting to question, Hey man, Zelensky, you wanna end this thing or not? He's got the Democrats that messaging now that they're the war party, which is crazy because Michael, you're like a more libertarian guy like me, right? We've been questioning this for years. Like why is the United States involved in basically every continent on earth losing our own people for other people's missions that they don't wanna do themselves there? You know how many people feel that way? You would've got Democrats, Bernie Sanders, bros asking that question. Trump now has the Democrats. Now they're like the war monger party. It's just crazy. In one day. One day bro, he's got the Democrats suing in court to tax the shit out of the middle class.


And he's got the Democrats advocating for like endless wars all over the world. Here's St. N John JD Vance's speech to EU and how JD Vance just sent the world on fire with this in a good way. They need a little, everybody needs a shakeup. Check this out. Last week, vice president JD Vance visited Europe and dressed them down like naughty children. Four Europe's rising authoritarianism ranging from censoring their own people to literally canceling elections they don't like. The European establishment was aghast. The conference organizer and Munich cried the German defense minister of Fme. That defending free speech is quote unacceptable. Bloomberg. Meanwhile lamented that quote, the Transatlantic Alliance as we know it is dead.


We can always dream. JD was speaking in a military conference in Munich. Perhaps the Europeans thought they would get another couple tens of billions from Uncle Sucker. Instead, JD came heavy criticizing the eus recent cancellation of an election. Romania, because the populace won. While journey mos a ban on the second most popular party in the country, the a FD, also for the crime of being populist, adding quote, if you're running in fear from your own voters, there's nothing America can do for you. In other words, if you keep censoring, we can't be friends. These sclerotic authoritarians in Europe have painted themselves into a corner. Their economies are more abundant. They haven't had an innovation in roughly a century, and they've become a left-wing welfare queen living on handouts from American taxpayers.


As much as they would love to tell JD and Trump to take a hike, they cannot. Peter goes for it. And maybe you needed to hear that. We're not gonna be Uncle Sucker anymore. I'm sorry, but we're not gonna do it. The US taxpayer. And, and, and by the way, for those out there on the left saying, oh, what are we cowards gonna retrieve from the world? Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. WTF over us. You mean the United States that rescued Europe from that thing called World War Deb Zoo one.


Oh, why is it called World War I and not just the World War? Anybody know, any of you guys know? Second, that said, Michael is a math major. It's great 'cause there's a second one. And we had a little role in that too. I think just my poor grandfather fought over there, scarred him the rest of his life. I lost an uncle Gregory Ambrose sitting on that wall, that Vietnam memorial Wall. Never met him in my life. He's my mother's older brother. So before you start lecturing us, we've been there. Who do you think kicked Saddam Hussein outta Kuwait.


We're always there. And you know who gives out what, what did we get? We get any money outta all. We got nothing. You know, we get, we get body bags as we bust our ass to shuttle money. They say, you didn't deserve this war. Nobody's saying that, but you damn well better give us some exit plan here because there's war and conflict around the world and the United States can't solve all of it. And Donald Trump wants to know with the eu, Hey man, when are you guys gonna step the up? You know, this NATO alliance we have is really the us the German military's collapsing.


Look it up. It's a fraction of what it should be. You've got the UK saying, Hey, we'll send troops over, but we need a us guarantee that the UK's outta the U now. But you get, I mean guys, you get, you gotta do sooner or later you gotta show us over here that you are, you're willing to fight for yourselves. Now, I'm gonna do you a favor here. Important. Take a breath on this 'cause I don't wanna mess this up. Yesterday's show was very popular. We still having a problem, I think with the livestream counter, but the, the vo on demand numbers have been fantastic for us. Yesterday's show was really popular because I explained to you what I think is going on in Donald Trump's head.


Why he has a general distrust of Zelensky. If you missed the opening of yesterday's podcast, you need to go back and watch it. Matter of fact, you, I, I don't even mind if you stop now and pick it up again later and watch that first, Donald Trump does not trust Zelensky because of Zelensky and UK members of Parliament and elsewhere who were knee deep in the collusion hoax. The Russia collusion hoax that was used to target Trump was started in Ukraine, period. It was, and it filtered its way into Hillary Clinton. Okay? It started in Ukraine. The impeachment hoax started with a call to Zelensky in Ukraine, which he didn't help us with.


He could have cleared it up right away and he didn't like it or not. That's one of the reasons Donald Trump doesn't trust this guy. 'cause he's been untrustworthy on issues. He still hasn't cleaned up the impeachment thing and told people, Hey, this Hunter Biden stuff was real. Trump was right to call me about it. He, that's all he has to say. He still hasn't fully cleared it up. Dan, why are you repeating yesterday's show? Because I'm trying to set the groundwork because why Donald Trump doesn't trust the EU either. Do you remember this article? I want you to look at the date I put it on my show probably a hundred times. You should bookmark this article.


April 14th, 2017. So right after Donald Trump, a few months after he sworn office for his first term, CNN politics, British Intelligence passed Trump associates communications with Russians onto US counterparts. Leave that up for a minute, please. Guys. Pregnant, pause for a reason, folks. My first book, Spygate on this spying, collusion hoax. This article appears in the book multiple times. Why would CNN write an article about the illicit, immoral and potentially illegal passing of what was fake intelligence of Russian collusion hoax onto their US counterparts who then used it to what I think potentially commit crimes and create this fake story?


Why would CNN admit that? That the intelligence communities were basically working against Donald Trump and some of 'em involved the UK and EU countries. Why would they admit it? Because back then, Ladies and gentlemen, CNN thought it was real. They really believed Donald Trump was colluding with the Russian. It's, it's an insane story. But because they were so crazy, shooto and Pamela Brown and Bradner who wrote this piece, they really believed their sources on this. So they wrote the article like, oh my gosh, this is so serious that the British intelligence services have information. Folks, all this stuff was garbage. It was poppycock, it was crap. It wasn't information, it was like a phone call.


It was like Alpha Bank garbage. Now, do you see why Donald Trump doesn't trust fully people across the pond and elsewhere about security matters and nato? 'cause in his head, he knows a lot of these same people who are not funding NATO attacked him in the past. I'm not telling you it's gonna get in the way of him doing whatever turns out to be the right thing in the end. I'm just trying to explain to you a little internal Trump psychology given my best guess on why he doesn't trust Zelinsky. Some, some in the uk, although he is been talking pretty nicely about Stormer, which I, I'm not a huge Stormer fan, but I get what he's gotta do and people in the eu, you're not gonna hear this anywhere else, bookmark that article.


It's one of the most important articles you're ever gonna read. This is the start of this whole Russia collusion thing and how the media bought in on it. Alright, let me move on to one. Do we have time? Yeah, we have time. More folks. The, let me see, I want jump ahead here. Like, can we go to the the Maha thing? The Cali means guy. I wanna end with this folks. You know, I'm a life hacks guy on my weekend show. We got the life hack segment again this weekend on my podcast, rumble.com/bonino. But did you guys see, I wanna leave you in a good mood. Did you see this on CNN? C? NN desperately tries to shut this guy down. As he starts citing the conflicts of interest of all the people attacking RFK for genuinely trying to make America Health again. You see how the guy looks?


What is he like 70 years old. He looks like he's like 20 years old. I'll take his advice. I don't need that. Last one we had in office before. I need RFK Watch. This segment is good stuff About childhood vaccines. Number one, he talked about electromagnetic radiation. Number two, he talked about pesticides. He didn't talk about the things that Cali's talking about here, which is things like obesity or overmedicating children or sugar drap. I'm all for that. I agree with that. Everyone should watch, but you can have both. She gave a Powerful, he gave a, he gave a powerful speech about these issues. This, this is what Bobby Kennedy's fighting against Dr. Ett as you know, you were the chair at the Children's hospital, the Meck chair. You, it was like a NASCAR driver wearing their sponsors. Merck paid your $1.5 million salary.


And this is what Bobby's saying is, is that fundamentally pharma can create good innovations, but they're foundationally incentivized for children to be sick. Pharma doesn't make money when children are healthy. The hospitals don't make money when the beds are empty. Chronic disease, just as a demonstrable statement of economic fact is a great economic invention for the healthcare industry, which demonstrably makes money when patients are sick, and that's an incentive. Bobby Kennedy is going hard after I, I don't, I I'm reading the chat because I, who just said it? B ba, Chica bas, chica Kayleigh. Dropping knowledge is my fa oh my gosh. Dropping knowledge. Dropping knowledge.


Nuclear Moab, mother of all bombs. I mean, how do you, the, the guy's just sitting there and stunned disbelief. I'm bringing it up because there's gonna be a lot of pushback from a lot of big money people about Bobby Kennedy's efforts to talk about what are we doing. You know what folks, before we start medicating the hell out of people, Bobby's approach is going to be the secretary. Hey man, are we cleaning up our diets? Are we pushing exercise in schools? What are we doing first to keep our brains frosty as we get older? Can we then get to the medication stuff later? Let's clean up the big stuff first. Folks, we got a lot of big things happening. All makes sense in the coming days.


Please get the, get on board with the Buno Show. We deeply appreciate the Buno army being here for us. That's why I wore the show today. Thank you so much. Haley. Caria new show coming soon, the evening edition with Haley come in within the next couple weeks for you. She's amazing. You're gonna love her. It's gonna be 6:00 PM Eastern time. Be a live show. We got it Vita, we got Haley, we got so much happening. You can always get our shirts, bonino army shirts@store.bonino.com and please download the Rumble app. It is absolutely free. Watch this show every day. Whether on demand or live doesn't matter to us. We love the live audience. 11:00 AM Eastern Time. Live on demand anytime, and please give us a follow at Apple and Spotify that follow button's. Really important.


Really important. See you all tomorrow, 11:00 AM and here on the radio show in rumbling. In just a few minutes, see them. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.