
Hey there, baby. Welcome to VINCE. Good to have you with us on a Friday. Always, always. So good to talk to you. The best damn audience in media. Love having you. Hey, we've got a, we've got a big show today. We've got some updates on the Iran thing that matters. Of course, the president of the United States saying, okay, I've got a, I've got a a do by date. You better get this deal done. Iran, the president, Trump's got an update there. Also, the, the president just defeated greasy Gavin Newsom in court, and somebody needs to tell greasy Gavin Newsom because he thinks that he won. He's an idiot. We'll, we'll explore all of the details there for sure. Also, we've got updates on what's going on with illegal immigration enforcement in the United States. The threats to ice agents, Eric Swalwell farts out.


Another piece of stupidity, I've got it all for you ahead on this program. Also joining us today, the great Chris Bedford from the Blaze is gonna be here. He'll break down why the Democrats have broken down as an entire political party, and also their desperate move to come back to power. He'll explain exactly what's happening and how Republicans can stop it. It's all ahead on this edition of VINCE. Great to have you with us again.


As always, this program is made possible by the sponsors that support it, and that includes Express VPN. We Adore. Express VPN encryption is a powerful defensive weapon against a whole army who wanna invade your privacy on the internet and profit off your personal information. Thankfully, you have the right to defend your privacy with strong encryption using an app called Express, VPN Express, VPN, encrypts and reroutes your internet connection through secure servers. If you don't encrypt your connection just like this, well, you're exposing your online activity to a host of data brokers who can legally sell your browsing history to whoever they want. But Express VPN has made it incredibly easy to shut all of these third parties out of your life. Express VPN works on every device and can even protect up to eight devices with one subscription cool encryption iss a weapon. And it's one, you've got the legal right to use for your own protection, but it's up to you to exercise that, right. If you decide to take action today, you can get four extra months of Express VPN for free just by using my special link. Go to express vpn.com/ VINCE, that's express vpn.com/ VINCE to get four extra months for free and start protecting yourself today.


Hey, how you doing? Dl, right? 64 saying to me, how you doing, VINCE? How you doing? How you doing? How you doing? Tom Holman, I love the how you doing? I think we, I think we need a Friday. How you doing from Tom Holman? I like that guy. He's pretty good. He's pretty good. He's busy though. You see what? He's up to this guy. These guys are, they're deporting a lot of people. They wanna deport a lot more people. We got an update today on just how frequently these, these illegals, this, this plan to get the illegals outta the country is leading to assaults on members of ice. It's crazy. Breitbart's got this really important report that assaults on ICE are. Now remember, I've been using the number 400% to describe all of this.


Now it's even unfortunately, higher. Take a look. Ice assaults are now up 500%, 500% increase in assaults on these ice agents while they're trying to arrest illegals. This is what the left has created. Of course, they've created all this chaos, immigration, and customs enforcement agents, now, according to Breitbart, are facing a 500% increase in assaults as they attempt to locate and arrest illegal aliens living in the United States of America. That's according to Department of Homeland Security data that was just obtained by Breitbart, Tricia McLaughlin. You've seen her on the program. She said the following to Breitbart, quote, today, the Department of Homeland Security has released new data revealing that ICE law enforcement is now facing that 500% increase in assaults while merely carrying out their job enforcement operations.


McLaughlin pointed to the recent arrest of Roberto Carlos Munoz, an illegal alien and convicted child sex offender. The guy, the, the, the bad dude dragged an ice agent 50 yards with his car as he attempted to evade arrest in Bloomington, Minnesota. She said, just this week, an ICE officer dragged 50 yards by a car arresting an illegal alien sex offender. Every day the men and women of ICE are putting their lives on the line to protect and the defend the lives of American citizens. And then she called out a, the people we've been calling out, Hakeem Jeffries, Michelle Wu Tampon, Tim Walls, Karen Bass for Los Angeles, all these people who constantly are attacking ice agents, treating them like garbage, and suggesting they're doing something nefarious by actually enforcing the law.


So this is, this is the big thing. I, I realize there's a lot of stuff going on. The Iran thing, it matters immensely, but in terms of what's happening domestically, there's nothing more important than getting control of our country and getting our sovereignty back. Tom Holman and Company trying to do that, the left, actively working against them and, and hectoring and threatening and harassing ice agents with each passing day. And this happened again this week. Eric Swalwell, who is, is chat, I mean, is the right word tool for Eric Swalwell. Is that the right tool? Is that the right word? I think tool is, is the correct term. We gotta bring that back. Eric Swalwell is a tool here. He is attacking ice agents again this week for protecting their identities.


Take a look at cut eight here, Eric Swalwell. I've heard enough in the last couple weeks about ice agents and wearing masks that I think when we win the majority in the house, you're gonna see enough Democrats make it a priority for ice enforcement that they are no longer faceless. It looks too much like some 18 hundreds bank robber or, You know, some KGB officer in Russia, You know, pulling protesters off the streets, what a jacket is, And it really bothers people that that's how they're conducting it. And so show us your face. No, it doesn't, is going to be a part of, I think, You know, a democratic enforcement policy in the future.


Okay, look, this little tur, the whole point is to threaten ice agents. That's, that's what Eric Swalwell is doing. He wants their identities exposed so that people can dox and threaten the ice agents. There's no other explanation for this. None whatsoever. There's no decency underlying any of this. It's to harass these people. In fact, a swalwell is such a ridiculous figure that it took like four seconds to find evidence of the fact that he's just straight up lying about his position on masks. Anyway, go back to 2021. Here's a, an actual tweet from, from Congressman Fang Fang. He wrote, I had a mask on as I stepped off the floor. An aid from Marjorie Taylor Greene yelled at me to take my mask off.


No one should be bullied for wearing a mask. Swalwell declared. So I told the bully what I thought of his order. Predictably, he went speechless. I regret I wasn't more explicit. No one should be bullied for wearing a mask. Says this moron tool is the word. It says Nord Meyer. Yeah, I totally agree to Tool is the word The guy's a to, You know. Well, Dennis the menace, E Eric Swalwell, he's a whack job, but, but there he is. He's the guy who is still rooting for the destruction of ice here as ice is just simply trying to do his job every single day. That's it. To get all these illegals outta the country.


Alright, so we get the assaults on ice going up. Eric Swalwell has been rooting on the assaults on ice, but in the process, who are these ice agents actually picking up? Who are the bad dudes that are being picked up by ice agents with each passing day? Well, Christi Noam just listed out a few of them. Take a look at cut nine. Here's the DHS secretary laying out the, the bad dudes that we picked up just in the last week alone. Every day I get handed a list of the people that we've arrested in this country that are here illegally, that are criminals. And these are some of the worst of the worst here. We as a Guatemala, and we picked up today aggravated assault against a police officer. This one rape of a victim under age of 17 years old. Oh my God. This one robbed a disabled senior citizen.


This individual, 12 different sex offenses against children. If you look at his two counts of statutory rape of a child, two counts of indecent assaulting battery. These guys are off the street today because of the work of our ice enforcement officers, law enforcement across the country. Thank you for making America safe again, and thank you President Donald J. Trump. Okay, so that's who Eric Swalwell is trying to defend. I'm sorry. That's just true. That's who Eric Swalwell is standing up for, for the rapists, the murderers, the pedophiles. That's who he's standing up for. And, You know, maybe, maybe he's smart enough to know what he's doing, and this is just malice. Maybe he's just a complete moron who can be taken advantage of by a Chinese spy called Fang Fang.


He became convinced that somehow she had a bad case of the Eric Swalwell, that something about his personality was just that attractive to a foreign woman. She was just, she just adored him. And, You know, swalwell, he's just got this a cross the ass to bear. It is so ridiculous. It is so completely ridiculous. And so, so he roots on the pedophiles, the murderers, the rapists. Meanwhile, the rest of us root on order and bringing back our country, getting our sovereignty restored. So good for the DHS secretary. I know they wanna deport a lot more people. That's why they want the big beautiful bill passed. They wanna get that thing outta the Senate onto the president and passed because they're gonna get a lot more funding for ice law enforcement, border security to get rid of more of what Christie Nome called the dirt bags we have here, just a few of the dirt bags that we picked up, she carefully explained, would like to see more of that.


Also, there are ways to convince illegals that it's not worth the effort of staying in the country. In fact, things could get kind of miserable for you If you keep doing that. Florida's attorney General James Meyer Meyer. That's, that's how he pronounces his name. I didn't realize that. It's Meyer. He has a plan for something. He's calling alligator Alcatraz. Take a look at this chat. Tell me If you endorse this idea as we play this clip for you. Here is Florida's attorney General cut three, advocating for creating a detention space in the Everglades surrounded by alligators. Look, Attorney General James of Meyer here at the Miami Dade Collier training facility. This is an old, virtually abandoned airport facility right in the middle of the everglade.


Florida's been leading on immigration enforcement supporting the Trump administration and ICE's efforts to detain and deport criminal aliens. The governor task state leaders to identify places for new temporary detention facilities. I think this is the best one, as I call it, alligator Alcatraz. This 30 square mile area is completely surrounded by the Everglades. Presents a efficient, low cost opportunity to build a temporary detention facility because you don't need to invest that much in the perimeter. People get out, there's not much waiting for 'em other than alligators and pythons. Nowhere to go, nowhere to hide within just 30 to 60 days after we begin construction, it could be up and running and could house as many as a thousand criminal aliens.


This presents a great opportunity for the state of Florida to work with Miami-Dade and Collier Counties. Alligator Alcatraz. We're ready to go. Alligator Alcatraz, we're ready to go. Now, theoretically, they, they wouldn't have to stay there that long, but just the idea that we open alligator Alcatraz and, and I'm, I'm all in on Trump accentuating this calling it that being like, Hey, by the way, we're gonna send people to Alligator Alcatraz. So what are our options right now for sending some of these illegals out at the moment? You know, we can send 'em to gmo, we can send 'em to Guantanamo Bay. President Trump's been doing that. Some of these really violent ones, they're sending all the way to El Salvador for that high security prison for gangsters where they get their heads shaved and then they're packed in like sardines and then alligator Alcatraz.


You know, you wanna be here in the United States illegally, especially committing acts of violence against the American people. Yeah, that's not gonna happen. On your way out, you'll have a stay in alligator Alcatraz. And I love the attorney general be like, we really don't need a security perimeter. We won't have to set up anything. It's not like you're gonna get far. It's Florida and it's Florida in the summer. This is South Florida, baby. It is not easy. Dead in the middle of the state. There's nothing there, but an old airstrip and a lot of alligators. So Chad, how we feeling about this? Chad? Yes, do It says Santra 47. That's a long yes to this bump. Mcg groin says illegals equal, equal alligator food. Yeah, we could, we could see that happening. And then Bandit Darville says America.


Fuck yeah, alligator Alcatraz. That's really, that's really funny. And, and good. The whole point is, it's supposed to be a deterrent. Yes, it's a little trolley, but it's supposed to be a deterrent. How did Trump lock down the border? How did Trump get to the point where the president gets to the point where nobody's coming across, nobody's coming across zero illegals released into the United States in May. How did, how did that even happen? The answer to that is because the world is on notice. Everybody knows that this is a fool's errand to try and come into the United States now. So If you can project that, it's a fool's errand to be in the United States illegally to stay here as tens of millions of peoples have 10 tens of millions of people have, well then you can compel them to leave on their own self deportations are already on the rise.


We've been going over the numbers this past week. I was, I was telling you about the New York post op-ed on this subject. They, they dug into the numbers. Nearly a million self deportations already since Trump has been in office a million. Now, is that anywhere near solving our problem? No, it's not. But it's progress and it's a lot more progress than we've had in many, many years. And that predates the first Trump administration because the Washington establishment has been totally fine with letting illegals into our country and letting it be overrun. So a a fun idea from the Attorney General of Florida saying, yeah, this is a way to get rid of these guys. Now in reaction to immigration enforcement, the left, of course has been rioting in addition to inducing threats against ice like Eric Swalwell iss doing and leading to assaults on ice.


They've been rioting in major American cities, not least of all Los Angeles. We've been watching these riots take place in order to stop immigration enforcement. This is lawlessness in, in support of lawlessness. That's what they're doing. And so the president mobilized two, two big forces of troops. He mobilized the National Guard in California. He took control of the National Guard and he said, go in restore order. And he sent in the Marines. He sent in the Marines. We got a lot of Marines stationed to California, conveniently located the president sends them from 29 palms in to help bring order to Los Angeles. And we've seen those images, we've seen the Marines doing the job. We've seen the National Guard doing the job. And by the way, God bless you fellows for doing that.


Thank you for that restoring order to this country. That's what we need. And so greasy Gavin Newsom has objected to this because he wants the lawlessness. He's been endorsing it too, like Eric Swalwell. And so he began bringing this to the court system. He said, guys, get in the way here. Stop Trump from doing this. Stop him. He can't have control of the National Guard. It's my national guard. Gavin Newsom insisted like the little tyrant he is, but I'm, I'm here to tell you Gavin Newsom just suffered yet another setback in this idiotic position that he's taken. Take a look at this report last night. We get this update that an appeals court, not just any appeals court, wait until you hear which one has blocked Gavin Newsom's bid to reclaim control of the National Guard from Trump.


This is wonderful. A federal appeals court has indefinitely blocked California Governor Gavin Newsom's effort to reclaim control of the National Guard troops that President Trump deployed the Los Angeles, the three judge panel of the San Francisco based Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. That's right, you heard me correctly. The nutty ninth. The normally nutty ninth ruled unanimously that President Trump has acted completely within his authority when he took control of 4,000 California National Guard troops under a law that's never been invoked without the consent of a state governor political ads.


So the nutty ninth comes in and says, yes, of course the laws is crystal clear here. This is Trump's job. This is Trump's job to do. Now they point out in this political piece that among the judges who were involved here, and again, a unanimous decision from this three judge panel, two of them were appointed by President Trump. One of them was appointed by President Biden or whoever was running the White House. But President Otto Penn's White House installed one of the judges who ruled on this. And they unanimously concluded that Trump has the power here. They said Trump's got enormous latitude to determine that the protests and the related violence were interfering with the execution of federal law.


The judges did say that there are limits to the President's ability to call up the guard, but there was definitely enough evidence of civil unrest and danger to federal officials to justify Trump's actions. Now remember Gavin Newsom came out and he said, no, this is fine. We don't need the National Guard here. I'm not deploying them because we don't even need them. The LAPD has it covered. He claimed as he lied, and that wasn't true, and three judges to include, one appointed by President Autopen determined it wasn't true. There was dramatic danger and civil unrest going on in LA such that the president's totally within his power to deploy the National Guard to take control of the California National Guard and deploy them. And the president of the United States is very pleased with the outcome here, and rightfully so.


He is not, You know, not all of these decisions have been breaking his way, but good to see this one doing that. Here's the president saying big win in the ninth Circuit. He wrote on truth social, on the president's core power to call in the National Guard. The judges obviously realized that Gavin new scum is incompetent and ill prepared. But this is much bigger than Gavin because all over the United States, if our cities and our people need protection, we are the ones to give it to them. The president wrote, should state and local police be unable for whatever reason to get the job done, by the way, for whatever reason, means if Democrats get in the way of law enforcement, that the federal government can come in and save those American citizens.


He says, he writes, this is a great decision for our country and we will continue to protect and defend law abiding Americans. Congratulations to the Ninth Circuit. America is proud of you tonight. Yeah, no, that's true. I'm happy about this outcome. I'm very happy about this outcome. And I am shocked that it was the nutty knife. This is the kind of circuit court that the left usually goes Judge shopping fourth, if they're gonna place it in any circuit, they wanna place it in the Ninth Circuit because they believe it'll always stop Trump regardless of how legal his behavior is. And, and a big victory that Gavin Newsom didn't anticipate. Gr greasy Gavin Newsom. Now Gavin, greasy Gavin Newsom is pretending that he won here.


So in the distortion filter that is the American left, they play games of pretend constantly, including when they've lost decisively in court. Here's the, here's the governor of California now saying Donald Trump is not a king and not above the law. He wrote last night, in the middle of the night, he was up at 12:21 AM at least that was Eastern time. So, okay, maybe I'm, I'm overstating it in California. It was earlier. But he said tonight the court rightly rejected Trump's claim that he can do whatever he wants with the National Guard and not have to explain himself to a court. I'm sorry, what court decision did you see? They rejected Trump's claims. No, no, no.


They fully embraced and endorsed Trump's claims. We will not let this authoritarian use of military soldiers against citizens go unchecked said Gavin Newsom. What in the hell are you even talking about? There's nothing authoritarian here. We're following black letter law here clearly, and the use of the military Marines are not soldiers, idiot. They're marines, the army. Those are soldiers. And this is this whole thing using them against citizens. We won't allow it to go uncheck. They're using it to restore order for citizens. That's what's happening here. So every sentence lie from Governor Gavin Newsom of California. Gavin Newsom's got another scandal on his hands though.


Remember the French laundry scandal from COVID? Remember that? Remember when everybody else was locked down in the state of California and Gavin Newsom got to go hang out at a fancy restaurant with things on the menu that I definitely can't pronounce, but they're, and, and, and they're also way outta my price range. Like everything about it was so elitist and so arrogant and so detached from what it means to be a good governor. You know, president Trump doesn't take a salary. President Trump pays a hundred thousand dollars to stall American flags at the, at the White House this week. And meanwhile, Gavin Newsom tyrannical Gavin Newsom locks down the people of his state and then he goes to a fancy restaurant to rub it into their faces.


I've got an update. We've got another French laundry, French laundry part due coming up in just a moment. As cities like LA Burn, what's Gavin Newsom been doing with his free time? I'll, I'll explore that with you in just a moment. We've, we've got a lot to get to. And also Chris Bedford is right around the corner. We got a lot going on here.


Hey, this episode I have to tell you is sponsored by pocket Hose. Pocket Hose you ever used one of these pocket hoses? Pretty cool. The world's number one expandable ho Hose old fashioned hoses. They can get kinks and creases at the spigot. They can be cumbersome to coil up and expand and bring out to wherever you want to use 'em. But the Copperheads Pocket pivot swivels 360 degrees for full water flow. And it gives you freedom to water with ease all around your home when you're all done. This rust proof anti birst Hose shrinks all the way back down to pocket size for absolutely effortless handling and tidy storage. Plus your super light and ultra durable pocket Hose copperhead is backed with a 10 year warranty, 10 years. The brand new pocket Hose copperhead with pocket pivot is a total game changer. These hoses are super convenient. Again, If you don't like the mess of a big Hose that you have to coil up and try and get away in a container or put on one of those reels, all of that can be solved by the pocket Hose. It's very neat And it doesn't matter sort of what shape you're in. I have my mother-in-law for years loved using the pocket Hose because it was simple to use. She could water all of her plants and then the thing could be put away in two seconds. She loved it. I love them. For a limited time, my listeners can get a free pocket pivot and their 10 pattern sprayer with the purchase of any size copperhead Hose. Just Text VINCE to 64,000. That's right, that's VINCE to 64,000 for your two free gifts with purchase VINCE to 64,000 message and data rates may apply. See terms for details at pocket Hose dot com. Thank you to pocket Hose. Alright. Yeah, it is, it is really great. It's super convenient.


Okay, let's, let's get into Gavin Newsom's latest schedule. The French Laundry part Due City Journal has an excellent piece up this week on, on Gavin Newsom and what he was doing while LA was on fire this past week. Take a look here. Gavin Newsom sipped Cabernet while Los Angeles burned, they explain, oh, you don't say, oh, he was doing it again. As riots engulfed Los Angeles and mobs vandalized public buildings, incinerated vehicles and assaulted law enforcement officers, California Governor Gavin Newsom was enjoying a swanky wine tasting party in Napa Valley Chat.


Any of you live in California? Is this, is this what you want out of your governor? This is insanity. This is basically him saying, let the meat cake, this is up yours from the governor of the Golden State, or as my friend Chris Plant calls it now the golden shower state. That's how they treat you in California. The wine tasting was held on the afternoon of June 7th, 2025 at the Odette Estate Winery, which Newsom co-founded in 2011. Oh, a little bit of corruption to go with all of this dubbed Vineyard vibes. The event was a fundraiser for the Plump Jack Foundation, founded by Newsom's sister and featured contemporary, yet sophisticated wines, live jazz music, and locally made pizza and smash burgers.


Oh, how fun. It's the perfect kickoff to summer fun. Read the promotion for it. Yes. The, the fe will take place on the winery crush pad where we'll gather from music, food, conversation, and delicious wine. They declared ostentatiously a source who photographed Newsom at the event, expressed shock that the governor was in attendance, given that riots had just broken out in Los Angeles the day before. I couldn't believe it. The source said, well, believe it. This is Gavin Newsom. He always does crap like this. He was just walking around like this was an everyday occurrence. Newsom was at the wine party for at least 90 minutes, according to the source who said that when the governor finally left, he appeared to retreat to the inner rooms of his winery.


Yeah, as a city journal points out, the riots were in a full blown chaos by this time. It's not like Gavin Newsom was at the party, and then the riot broke out. The city of LA was on fire already within the last 24 hours. And Gavin Newsom said a wine tasting party would be wonderful to go to. So when the president mobilized the National Guard to protect the city of Los Angeles, it was at a time when the governor of the state was abandoning his own people so he could throw back some Cabernets And it completely ignored their wellbeing. So yes, we have, we have another one of these Gavin Newsom, the French Laundry, yet again doing it to his people yet again that recall, man, that should have been successful.


2021, that recall of of Gavin Newsom. You know why it wasn't successful? Remember this? Because organizations like Shela, which took taxpayer money from both California and federal taxpayers in order to support illegal aliens and to induce the protest that turned into riots. Now Shela, the very same organization, gave Gavin Newsom money to keep him from being recalled. That's right. They supported the effort to protect Gavin Newsom from accountability. So of course Gavin Newsom turned a blind eye. Oh, you're starting riots. Well, I owe you, so I'll let you do that. That's what happened. So there's the, there's the update on, on Gavin Greasy Gavin Newsom and what he's doing to our state in California, who's this one man's opinion.


And it's true. One man's opinion says, move on, VINCE. Too much time spent on Gavin. How about No, how about that? Actually, I am actually technically moving on right now. But here's the thing. I care a lot about my own country and that includes California. I don't want these illegals here. I do want order to be restored. And If you can't send a message to Los Angeles, which by the way, Steven Miller and the White House has made it really clear that this battle is fought in Los Angeles. That's where the, all the whole battle for the United States is being fought. If you can't restore order in a once great American city, you're gonna lose the rest of the country. So that's why I'm on this. I think this is important. I I definitely think this is important. If Gavin Newsom wants to sell out to people of this state, that's fine.


But I'm gonna take his greasy head and I'm gonna rub it directly in the sins that he's committing and make sure that the people know what's going on in their state. That's actually happening. Alright? But, but it is true. I do, I do have some other things to get through here, including the president of the United States coming at us with some new information about what's going on with Iran. With Iran, and he's seeking a deal here. It was Caroline Levitt who shared the news yesterday that the president is saying, okay, look, I'm extending this timeline to within two weeks, take a look. Cut one. Here's Caroline Levitt on this subject. In light of that news, I have a message directly from the president.


And I quote, based on the fact that there's a substantial chance of negotiations that may or may not take place with Iran in the near future, I will make my decision whether or not to go within the next two weeks. That's a quote directly from the president for all of you today, Within the next two weeks. Now, lemme point something out here about what, what the President is doing. I know that there's, there's a lot of, let's just say hysterical commentary on the subject of Iran right now. And there's people kind of going at each other from all different directions. By and large, I think the right, like Trump supporters are engaged in a very healthy debate on how do we stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon while also stopping an immense quagmire that the United States gets sucked into.


That is a deeply reasonable and sober debate. And guess what the president's doing? He's being deeply reasonable. And as a lifelong sober guy, he's being completely sober on this subject, completely sober. He president's keeping his feet planted. He, he's keeping his head up and he is thinking clearly, okay, what do we do about all of this? And so right now he's saying that if we're gonna do a strike, I'm gonna make that decision within the next two weeks. Now we've got a couple of updates on this subject. One in the last 24 hours, Benjamin Netanyahu did an interview where he explained that he doesn't actually need the United States to drop bunker buster bombs on fordo. It's not, it's not mandatory.


In fact, he can do it on his own. Take a look here. This Byron York pulled some of this from a times of Israel piece overnight. And here's what they're saying, the, that Israel, the Prime Minister, says Israel is gonna be able to hit all nuclear facilities and has destroyed half of all of Iran's launchers. In a rare interview, a Hebrew interview, Netanyahu said that the campaign is ahead of schedule and that the IDF can strike Forea without the United States if needed. He also stated that the offensive aid hostages return as Hamas relies on Iran. Okay, that's a good development here.


And the piece quotes, Netanyahu in this capacity asked whether Israel can destroy the underground four oh facility without assistance from the United States. Netanyahu said we will achieve all of our objectives and hit all of their nuclear facilities. He said, we have the capability to do that. Fordo is, as You know, buried under a mountain and widely considered to be out of reach of all, but America's bunker buster bombs. But that doesn't mean they can't do this with a ground invasion if they wanted to or send in special teams that can do this on the ground. In fact, we had an Iran expert who used to work for President Trump in the last administration earlier this week, Gabriel Noronha, who was saying, actually, there may be a lot of wisdom in actually send for Israel, not the United States, for Israel to send people in to seize that uranium instead of blowing it all up and having a nuclear disaster.


In addition to the, the, the destruction of the nuclear enrichment site. Maybe go in and seize all of this uranium. There are definitely teams who know what to do. In fact, the United States trains people on this very mission, how you would take apart a dangerous nuclear facility. And certainly the Israelis must have the wherewithal to do that as well. Being a nuclear armed power with a pretty sophisticated military. So there's Netanyahu saying, guys, we don't have to have the United States here. He said, whether the president joins in or not, that's entirely his decision. So this is a good news and, and a good indication that you've got Netanyahu saying, look, this is within our capability.


And I like to hear that because that diminishes the nec necessity for the United States to get involved and to put us troops on the line so that that could be, that could be a meaningful announcement here. Additionally, Iran has come out and they said, yeah, yeah, yeah, we wanna negotiate. But their claim as of this morning is reportedly that yes, they're willing to talk about enrichment levels, but they're not willing to get rid of their nuclear capabilities. Well, I don't think that's gonna work. I don't think that's gonna work at all. I think President Trump is done with that shit. I think as, as Pete Hegseth might say, what does Pete Hegseth say? Justin?


Justin, we're done with that shit. Yes, we are, we're done with that shit. There you are Justin. I was, I was, I was curious. Yeah, I was just curious about how quickly you could snap on that. I was wondering five buttons to click. Is that the case? Okay. Alright, well that's all right. That's all right. We're not done with that shit. We'll figure that out. We're done with that shit. Yes, we're done with that shit. Thank you Justin. That I love that. So we'll get updates on that coming up. I got Chris Bedford joining us from the Blaze. We're gonna talk about those Democrats living in the wilderness and, but they then won't necessarily be for long. Right now they think they're undergoing some sort of rocky montage. By the end of it, they're gonna come out victorious they think.


I hope not. Chris Bedford's got a prescription on how to keep them there. We'll explore it.


But first I have to share with you the, the great sponsors of this program that includes Birch Gold. You know, we are just days away now from what has been dubbed the Rio Reset, possibly the greatest threat to the US dollar's global dominance in over 80 years on July 6th. Bricks, nations, Russia, China, India, Iran, and many more are expected to unveil their plans to try to circumvent the US dollar that would crater its value. It's been reported that they've already been laying the groundwork as their central banks have been methodically divesting from the US dollar and US bonds in favor of gold. Now how can you protect your IRA or your 401k from a fallout from this landmark shift? You can diversify. You can diversify with gold from Birch Gold Group. Historically, gold has been a safe haven in times of high uncertainty, which let's be honest is right now. So get a free info kit from Birch Gold. Birch Gold Group on tax sheltered gold IRAs by texting the word VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8 July 6th could mark a monumental shift happening among nations that control about a third of the world's GDP. Help arm yourself with information to diversify your retirement savings. Text VINCE to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 and claim your free info kit from Birch Gold message and data rates apply. Our thanks to Birch Gold as always.


And also our thanks to Bone charge. Bone charge infrared sauna blanket is wonderful and red light face mask. Wonderful. We've been using them here in my house ever since Bone Charge sent them to us. I can't recommend them enough. I first turned to that sauna blanket because it's awesome And it helps with muscle recovery, detoxification, relaxation. It's a game changer. It's very easy to use. Just wrap yourself up in this thing. Let the infrared heat work it's magic. It creates this huge difference for me. You're gonna love it. And the red light face mask is equally impressive. Now my wife uses it each and every night, and she loves it because of what it does for your skin's texture and reducing inflammation. And she's seeing fantastic results. It's like having a mini spot treatment right in the house. Now, if you're thinking about trying any of these out, you're in luck. Head to bone charge BON charge.com. Use the code VINCE at checkout, and you can get 15% off. Both of these products have made a huge impact on us. You're gonna love 'em too. Use the code VINCE at bone charge.com and you'll say 15%. Now these statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


All righty. Alright, joining me now is my good friend, longtime colleague, the great Chris Bedford. He's over at the Blaze these days and he joins us on the program. Chris, good to talk to you as always, sir. It's great to be here. VINCE, Let me, lemme just start with the Democrats here 'cause I know you're writing about it today. In, in your excellent newsletter, you, you point out, as I've been pointing out relentlessly, that they're, they're a cartoonish party right now. They have no obvious leader, You know, slow witted. Hakeem Jeffries is kind of their highest profile guy and he's incapable of speaking English sentences. But you think while they are down, we should definitely not count them out. Why is that?


I think the reason for that is 'cause Republicans are so exposed right now. I mean, If you take a step back, the GOP has a lot of different vulnerabilities that could be taken advantage of by an actually capable politician or a party that had its acts together. I mean, we're, we stand at the precipice of another war in the Middle East that no party is interested in it, it polls abysmally. There's about 25% support for this war in a, a snap poll granted done, I think by the Washington Post this week. But there's 45% opposition and the rest of the people didn't quite yet have an opinion. Now, obviously if President Trump just went in, was successful, it got out and nothing bad happened, then you'd have a great ticker tape parade.


And I, you'd Be excited. Can I, can I ask you about those numbers for a second? Because I'm seeing a lot of, there's, there's a lot. People are throwing polling numbers out right now, and there's, there's some surveys are be like, there's majority support for stopping Iran from having a nuclear weapon. Okay. Yeah. But I think the point that you're making is that's a di it's it's being asked in a different way. It's about desire to be at in a war with Iran and that number is very small in the United States. Is that what you're saying? Yes, exactly. It, it's something that polling can be so disingenuous in that And it can be so misleading. Well, the average person, I think most people doesn't, don't want Iran to have a nuclear weapon. Anyone who understands the threats they make, I mean, you've got the Holy Father in Rome coming out and saying no nation has a right to have their, has to deal with being constantly threatened in its existence.


They have a right to defend against that. And he's a pretty peaceful guy by all accounts. So that makes sense. But if it says, well, America has to do it, America has to get involved, America might get stuck there. Now these are, these are aren't even part of the polling questions. But what happens if the Iranian regime topples, it's not like Israel has either the mandate or the interest or the manpower to go in and stabilize it. It it would come down to us. Yes. So if this thing, if this thing gets a momentum that does suck the United States into it, which is entirely possible, it could have a deep, just as a political matter, going back to where we started, it could have a deep impact on the Republican's ability to win in the midterms, right? Yeah. It would've a deep impact.


Not ch it would've a deep impact everywhere. It would obviously change the face of the far east, of the Middle East with the whole regime collapsing Saudi Arabia's biggest enemy and the potential for refugees, once again, flooding towards Europe. It could also change, start to split the MAGA coalition if it became a really serious thing that required US forces on the ground. Which it might, because Europe can't do this. China doesn't want to do this. Russia's busy. Israel can't do this. Right? So if anyone's gonna stabilize anything, it's us that could have a, a, a dangerous effect on the Republican coalition. And at the same time, it could have an impact on America's friendship with Israel, which has been something that has gone back for years and years and years. And largely been not questioned by either political party until the last 10 years when Democrats started, their base started to really revolt against this.


You're seeing it on the streets, you've seen it in the campuses. But if republicans who specifically voted now for Donald Trump three times to stay out of these sorts of wars got sucked into another one, then that would start to fray the Israeli's re relationship with the United States on both sides of the aisle. Yeah. And that could be dangerous for what is an important relationship. So I've been saying this week, and I've heard a couple of other people say it, Charlie Kirk is of this opinion, I think JD Vance clearly seems to be of this opinion being the vice president of the United States, that President Trump is uniquely situated to thread the needle on this subject because he has campaigned on two things. It's about principally on foreign policy, one no more needless, endless wars.


I'm not gonna get us sucked into that. We're not in the nation building phase. I'm not making the mistakes of George W. Bush. In fact, he campaigned on condemning Bush's foreign policy. But two, Iran cannot have a nuclear weapon as far as I'm concerned, Bedford, I'm looking at what's going on with Trump and I'm thinking he's the one guy I've ever seen have this much power in Washington who's taken, I think, the single most sensible position on this subject. Yeah. And You know, to, to his, to, to address some of what his critics say, his attitude towards Iran right now is not at all incongruent with what he's ever, he's, he's, he's always run on this. He wants to do things strong. He wants to do things fast. He doesn't want a nation build.


And he showed you could do this potentially in Syria when, when Assad actually crossed red lines that he established, he showed that he was capable of doing this a around the world. He, he, he was willing to actually make those strikes and then not get involved. I mean, the Obama's people didn't know what to do about Isis. And Donald Trump said, you just bombed them into oblivion and hunt them down like dogs. That's the end. There's no, there's nothing else to it. And then you leave. So if he could do that, it'd be great. It's like a friend of mine once gave me a tip before marriage. He said, by the way, there's a lot of different things that go into a healthy marriage, but the number one trick to not getting divorced is never get divorced. You just don't do it. So maybe the number one trick to not nation building is just don't do it.


Yes. It doesn't matter what's going on. But that, that could be, that could mean some trouble for, for Europe If you end up getting another rush of a million refugees coming their way. Yes. Well, I don't know. I mean, we, we have such a long history of cleaning up all Europe's problems. How about Europe cleans up its own mess? Maybe they can do that. Build a wall. Okay. So as far as the Democrats are concerned, okay, so they're lying in, wait, hoping for chaos. They're constantly trying to inject chaos into everything in hopes that it brings down the Trump presidency clearly here domestically. But also I understand that, that you have some thoughts on this big beautiful bill and the way that Democrats are trying to exploit it right now in order to figure out some way to make it a political liability for the President.


Now, as far as I'm concerned, this thing has victories all, all around, all in it. It's, the tax cuts are amazing. The border enforcement, the interior enforcement, amazing. I'm all for it. This is the Trump agenda on steroids. But you think that the left, if they can get control of the American mind, they can convince people that there's something bad going on here. Yes. Because whenever you have something that big, you're gonna have parts of it that are exposed to your political opponents to be able to attack it. I mean, the Republicans were very successful in defining what Obamacare was better than the President at the time was able to define it and made it a pejorative until the Democrats tried to rec, basically reclaim the word, and now everyone calls it Obamacare. But they were able to get up mass movement and they, they really beat the heck or shellacked as he said, the Democrats in the midterm election after that, by defining what this was here, comes down to polling once again.


So If you ask people in the United States, do you want cuts to Medicaid and food stamps? They say no, absolutely not right. Majority of people. But If you tell them, do, how about removing dead people from Medicaid roles? How about working aged able bodied adult men who self-report playing, spending most of their day playing video games? How about removing illegal aliens for Medicaid roles? Those are as close as you're going to get to complete and total agreement. I think it's 86% of people say we should remove the deceased from our Medicaid roles. And those other 14% who want to keep 'em there, I don't think you're ever going to reach them. So these are actually really popular. The one aspect of this, which I'm writing about from Monday's newsletter that is dangerous for Republicans is the Senate, which is reliably 15 years behind the American mood, just as terms of their age and their nature and their tenure.


They want to go after some of the provider taxes. Now this is classic Republican economics 'cause provider taxes are essentially a tax scheme for states to infl to not have to pay their share their 50% share of Medicaid funding. But at the same time, rural hospitals, which have been devastated since Obamacare passed and are really important in a lot of poor low tax red states like Josh Hawley state like West Virginia, where Jim Justice is coming from. They could get really hurt by actual reforms to this. So here you're starting to see the populists and the traditional conservative economists types clashing in the US Senate. And Democrats cannot wait to say, oh yeah, the party of the working class, well they just shut down the only hospital within a 200 miles in this state.


How are you gonna deal with that? But Republicans are working on a fix on this, which is just its own fund for providing stability to rural hospitals with much smaller beds, much smaller, much poorer clientele usually, or patients to be able to actually destabilize them and make sure finally, that we're not experiencing the closures the United States has seen over the last 10, 15 years. You know, I can't help. But when we think about taking care of Americans and what are the costs and what are the trade offs, I can't help but think every single time. Why don't we deport tens of millions of people who are here illegally sucking the system dry? I mean, that seems to be, that's the most important as far as a messaging thing. And not just messaging, just reality. You wanna save a crap ton of money, as you just pointed out, 1.4 million illegals are tapping into Medicaid, get rid of them.


And that's, that by the way, is a conservative estimate. There's no way it's just 1.4 million illegals. But that's what the Trump administration has been telling us. You have emergency rooms across the country that are overwhelmed by illegal foreign nationals who are just using it for medical service, doing it at the expense of American citizens and then never paying the bills. And that sticks American taxpayers with those bills. This it's insanity, Chris Bedford. So when we, we talk about this issue, I think emphasizing getting our sovereignty back and cutting taxes and You know, and actually getting rid of the fraud and especially the illegal fraud. That's gonna go a long way, I think towards convincing the American people. This is very good for them. Yeah, I mean, Medicaid expenses have increased in the United States.


Federal expenses, 56.5% in the last five years. That's almost entirely Joe Biden's presidency. That's a massive surge in illegal immigrants. Of course it's COVID. But a lot of the stuff that COVID did has stayed in place as far as the benefits and people not actually going back to work. I don't think there's Amer, I think a lot of Americans are happy that we have as a civilized wealthy nation, a safety net for those people who've fallen through the cracks of society. I don't think that anyone could come up with a reason why we should have had a more, almost 60% increase in the cost of one of our most expensive benefits that's being taken advantage of. That's fraud there. So Republicans just need to get out ahead. They need to fix some of their problems and they need to message on this.


They need to have the advertising and the Super pacs are already going so that they can define this. And to their great credit to not even to their credit, Democrats are completely incapable of capitalizing on this. Gavin Newsom's being turned on by his own people turning on his own city. His city's burning down twice now in a year. Yeah. Everything is going to heck for the Democrats. They don't have any kind of champion. Okay, so can I if I can, because I, I, I know you're good at making fun of these people, so let's just do that. I'm looking at these dn, the, the Democrat Party right now. And like I said, Hakeem Jeffries is, he's at best awi. The guy is not actually capable of, of doing anything masterful on behalf of his party.


Meanwhile, like over in the Senate, Chuck Schumer is just a goof. I mean, the guy is ridiculous. He's threatening Supreme Court justices. He's insane. And the most outspoken Democrats right now are people like Jasmine Crockett, who the president relishes the fact he was kind of, I'll play some audio coming up on the, he thinks it's hilarious that she's kind of the leader of their party right now. And meanwhile, the DNC, nobody knows this guy's name, but I'll just tell everybody, they, they have a guy called Ken Martin who's running the DNC, that's, that's the actual DNC chairman. He's, he's a nobody. You've got, you've got Randy Weingarten and various union officials quitting the DNC in a huff. They just fired David Hog because he is a white guy. They straight up chose racial and gender prejudice in order to get rid of a guy who was advocating for primaries in their party because he sees the writing on the wall.


He is like, our party sucks right now. I, I mean, I gotta be honest, I'm deriving about as much joy as you can from the chaos in their party right now. Chris, I think that if Jasmine Crockett didn't exist, conservative media would have to invent her just for the lulls. Just for the clicks. Just for the quotes. She's a perfect thing. She's just an embodiment of all of the dumb and all of the yes queen and all of the snapback putting to like a member of Congress, which is kind of embarrassing for her constituents, but it's just a constant source of entertainment. It is. And the DNC is such a mess. I mean, you have Ken Martin crying on the phone talking to the principals of the party because David Hogg has screwed so much up for him.


Now, granted, David Hog comes in there, some 20 something year old and says, I'm gonna take party money and I'm gonna use it against party people I don't like and I'm gonna try and use it to raise money for my nonprofit. And that's not what you're supposed to do as vice chairman of the DNC. So they use the racial quota system, which they have in place to kick him out. But now there's such uproar. You got Randy Weingarten who like might be maybe the worst person in the country. She's the one who's responsible for keeping your kids out of school Yeah. For all those years and protecting the bureaucracy that has grown up and using teachers as a face mask, as a skin suit for what's actually just a bloated, bureaucratic system of social justice warriors. She's the person responsible, but she's also one of the last remaining union heads that's really, truly aligned with the Democratic Party.


She just resigned her post. You've got state government, federal and municipal employees and county employees Union, the, the head of that just left the DAC. Yeah. Said, I'm not gonna be a part of this. They're looking around, I guess they have service employees international, but between that and the actual manufacturing unions joining the GOP, this is a rough time to be a Democrat. And the internal battles they're having have not yet been figured out because I think no champion has actually risen up. Well, also, as you've pointed out in the past, all of their leadership is ridiculously old. The like poll, first of all, Age older than the poll bureau. Like a bunch of these guys have already died this year.


I'm talking members of congress, democrat, members of Congress keep dropping like flies. They keep passing away. Did you see the video fellas? Can we take me full screen for a second here? I wanna show people this. This is a video of Jerry Nadler this week who has denied access to an ice facility. I don't even know how they got him there, but he's standing for a second. Take a look at this. Here's, here's Jerry Nadler, this guy, he, he can barely walk. Look at, look at, look at This. He's like stumbling around. There you go. He's moving half an inch at a time. This guy's in no shape to be a member of Congress right now.


And so that's the state of their party right now. Chris Bedford, I, I'm kind of getting the feeling that these guys are all headed to the grave really rapidly. They're, when Ronald Reagan dealt with two silvery premieres dying in his first term, he said, I can, I don't even know how to negotiate with, they keep on dying so quickly. And that was just the sign, the Pollier and the Soviet premiers was a sign of how old and decrepit that system was. Those people were all younger than the Democratic leadership, except for Hakeem Jeffries younger than Pelosi, younger than Schumer, younger than Biden. I mean, granted, they all, they smoked a car in a day and drank a couple bottles of vodka. They lived a little harsher, but still, this is a sign of just the white knuckle, gripping to power, And it, I think one of the causes for it, one of the reasons that people like Schumer are gripping to power is because they're so afraid of the new youth that are coming up.


You look at Schumer, he is a New York Democrat. He's Israeli friendly Jewish senator. He looks at the college students, he looks at the base, he says, these, these guys are dressed as terrorists. They're, they're completely insane. They want Medicaid for all, and they, they're, they feel like they're trying to hold on, but they don't have the strength to actually turn that ship around at all. It's the same thing. It's always the same thing. They pretend they like the kids, they bring 'em into the organization. They empower them. They call them, you're an associate at Starbucks now. And then the second that they assert themselves, the whole col, the whole organization collapses. You're like, but I don't wanna wear the uniform to work. I wanna wear purple hair and, and, and septum rings. And they're like, no, you're not doing that. The whole organization collapses.


David Hog comes in to the DNC for five minutes. I believe that children are our future. Teach them. Well let them lead the way. David Hog walks in. He is like, I've got some big ideas. He's like, no, shut up. You twerp. We don't want you here. So they get rid of the whole thing. I I, this is the Civil War that I relish. I love this. And they, that party can't collapse soon enough, but somehow, like a cockroach, it just keeps moving. I don't understand it. Hey, Chris Bedford, man, you're the best. Thank you. Always appreciate you and your great work over at the Blazer. Thank you, VINCE. We'll see you later. Good to talk to you. The, the great Chris Bedford, I can't recommend him enough. He's, he's great. Longtime bartender, longtime journalist, great American, Chris Bedford. Okay, let me, let me show you something else that's going on here.


This is crazy. Jasmine Crockett is, is out. I was just telling you about this. Jasmine Crockett says that the majority of the country cut six, the majority of the country that voted for President Trump. Of course, the only way that happened is because they're all mentally ill. That's right. Most voters says, Jasmine Crockett, who is famously mentally ill. Most voters she projects are mentally Ill take a look at jazz. The Idea that we don't care how many people get hurt. We don't care how we prostitute our, our service members. You know, thinking that you have your own special little army, that's for you.


I mean, it is just, it is sick. It is really Why I should dress like big bird. Anybody that supports it is also sick. And so, You know, we've got a mental health crisis in this country because everyone, no matter how you affiliate yourself, should be against Trump. Period. This is not partisan for me. Like I would give anything to have sad to say George Bush, like I like, give me any regular Republican nowadays, George Bush, and I would be happy, but Any regular Republican, she said, We got a mental health crisis in the country. This is no way you could support Trump unless you were mentally ill. Says the mentally ill Congresswoman, isn't that wonderful?


So they've gone from deplorable to garbage, to you're all mentally ill for supporting President Trump. Where's the, where are the normal Republicans like George W. George w Bush? Are you a psychopath? I, I think the answer to that is of course, yes. George W. Bush, that's what you're for. The Iraq War guy, that's what you're into. Holy cow. Caroline Levitt was asked about this insanity yesterday at the White House by our good friend, Mary Margaret Han over at The Daily Wire, and Caroline Levitt to her great credit, because she's got the capability to do this, she defended Trump voters from this type of defamatory nonsense. Take a look, cut seven Caroline Levitt at the White House yesterday.


You Respond to that, especially considering she's a rising star in the Democrat Party right now. She is a rising star. It's quite something to behold, actually. I hope that she continues to be a rising star for the Republican Party, at least I think it's incredibly derogatory to accuse nearly 80 million Americans of mental illness. The last time I checked Jasmine Crockett couldn't dream of winning such a majority of the public as President Trump did. And the America First movement, which President Trump has built, is filled of hardworking patriots, the forgotten men and women business owners, law enforcement officers, nurses and teachers, and Middle America, as we all know, You know, from where you all grew up outside of this beltway, that's who makes up this president's movement.


And Jasmine Crockett should go to a Trump rally sometime and she can see it for herself. Yeah. And yeah, she should actually, she should go to a Trump rally. She said this week that she feels like she's constantly under threat, that everyone's trying to attack her. She's, she's crazy. She's truly crazy. Good for Caroline Levitt for taking the high road, though. I mean, she, You know, obviously made fun of Jasmine Crockett. Yeah, good. You keep doing that because you're just driving more people into our corner, which is good. But at the same time, I like that she stood up for Trump voters. She said, this is the forgotten man and woman. These are Patriots, hardworking people all across the country who she's slandering is mentally ill simply for voting for the other guy. That's, that's how far the left is stooped.


And also, it's another indication that the left is not going to try to convince you. The left is not gonna try and make a better argument. They're not, they're not gonna try and offer you policy prescriptions to convince you that they're on your side and they're gonna somehow improve the lives of you or your family. Instead, they're gonna try and condemn you for your decision to support Trump. And they'll continue if they get power again, to wield it in a tyrannical way, to send swat teams to the homes of Trump supporters, to Christians, to Catholics, to put you in leg irons, You know, and then put it on CNN to try and accentuate the shame of having been arrested by the federal government.


That's the goal. To destroy your, your life, your relationships, to bankrupt you. And when it comes to conversations, they're not interested. They just wanna censor. That's it. Censorship baby. Let's shut down these conversations. In fact, You know, I, I, I'll spare you the clip, but President Obama was out this week saying the very, that very thing he was talking about how we have to have systems in place to handle all of this misinformation he claimed and disinformation. What he means, of course, is countervailing facts to demonstrate the failure of the left. And so that's why this experience, the one that you and I get to have each day, is super valuable. Thank you Dragon Lady one saying, I love your shows, VINCE. Thank you.


You know, dragon Lady, look, this is why this is valuable. Independent Media Rumble podcasts, these conversations where we can air all of this out without the filters, without the sensors, without the left getting in our way, without people with Jasmine Crockett's judgment hanging over us and deciding whether or not you get to hear these things. That's how you get a healthy country. A healthy country is where you have robust debate, including about big picture items like, are we going to war in Iran? What's this gonna look like? What happens next? Adult reasonable, sober conversations. That's all I want and that's why I'm so grateful that we get to do this every day. You are really the best damn audience in media.


I can't thank you enough. If you guys like the show, and I hope you do, and I know you're here for that, then would you please share it? Let other people know what we're up to. I appreciate that. I wanna make sure that make this as big as humanly possible and I'm constantly rooting you on praying for you every day. Love this audience and again, just grateful to you. Thank you very much. I'll be back Monday with another edition of VINCE and of course, the radio show I've got later today, 12 to three Eastern Time. You can hear it nationwide. rumble.com/ VINCE or go to the vin show.com and click where to listen. If you wanna look for your local radio station, we'll definitely do that. Thank you as always.