
Okay, great to be back with you today. The second edition of VINCE. We've got the big Tucker Carlson part two coming up. Also, I've got some fun photos to show you of our buddy Dan Bonino, who is now officially the Deputy director of the FBI. We'll get to all that here in just a moment. Welcome back. This is VINCE, and as we, as we get started here,


I've got tell you the bond charge, infrared sauna blanket, and red light face mask are absolutely a dream. My wife loves them Ever since they sent them. I can't recommend them enough. I, you know, we first turned to that sauna blanket to help with muscle recovery detoxification. It's become a total game changer. It's very easy to use. You can just wrap yourself up and let that infrared heat work it's magic and it's created a real difference for us in how we relax and rejuvenate and how you feel afterward. The red light face mask is equally impressive. You can use it to improve your skin's texture and reduce inflammation, and it will give you fantastic results. It's like having a mini spa treatment right at home. Now, if you're thinking of trying them out, you're in luck. You can head to bond charge.com, use that code VINCE at checkout to get 15% off. Both of these products have such a positive impact on your wellness routine. I'm sure you're gonna love them. Use the code VINCE at bond charge.com to save 15%. Now, these statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


Here we go. How about, How about yesterday? The numbers? Holy cow. A first day launch where we had, what do we have fellas? 104,000 on the stream yesterday. And so that places us at, I think it was number two on the planet yesterday for live viewers for this, for this broadcast right here on Rumble, just behind Stephen Crowder, who you can watch coming up right after this program on Rumble. So a great start to the VINCE program. And Thank you for everything you've done here. And we've got, of course, the chat. Absolutely. Going wild this morning already.


Chow VINCE, good to see you. Good morning. The Bino Army is definitely here. People loving Dan Bono's. First day as deputy director of the the FBI. Ron in DC says, you're the man VINCE. Thank you very much guys. VINCE is vanguard. That, that's pretty funny. I saw that that was taken off in the chat yesterday. Thank you for that. And here we go. We've got, we've got pictures coming into us from the FBII yesterday morning, it was eight o'clock in the morning that Dan was sworn in to be the deputy director. And how great is that? And when he was sworn in right away, I was texting everybody I could, I said, I need these pictures. I really want to, I wanted to air them Yesterday. I literally was messaging with one of the top communications officials at the FBI.


Get them to me, get them to me, but they weren't able to get them out quite quick enough. But now we have 'em here for your benefit pictures of, there's Dan and Cash Patel, that's the deputy director and the director of the FBI. Dan is in, have you noticed all of his photos, in addition to the fact that you're seeing him in a suit for the first time in a long time, they have all of the, like they're the fo per portion of FAFO. All of the photos. Do we have his, his headshot? Oh yeah. That Oh yeah. That's, that's like a Trump inspired headshot, isn't it? Like, like don't you kind of feel like when Dan sat down for that, that he was pulling the Trump vibes, he's like, I've gotta, I've gotta deliver.


I mean, nobody can quite deliver the Trump photo, which there ha which they, they have hanging in every single federal building across the country right now. Yeah. Let's pull up the Trump photo. Look how hard the Trump photo goes. And so I, and I hate to say this 'cause I love Dan and Dan's photo is, is hard as hell. It's great. It's, it's not the Trump photo. The Trump photo is about as tough as it gets. Look at this thing. And that's battle hardened Trump. That's Trump on the other side. So let's, let's hope Dan can clean things up quickly and, and not become so worn down by the job that he looks like this at the end of it. No, Dan's great. That's what, That's what Dan looks like when he, when he pulled the wrong clip.


That's what Dan looks like when you pull the wrong clip. Yep. That's, That's, that's the Face. Very dissatisfied with how things are going. Well, he should be, look at him. He's starting at the FBI. He dis he's dissatisfied with how things are going right now and, and rightfully so. He's got a lot to clean up. He's got a lot to clean up. And I know, you know, Haley car on her, on her broadcast last night was talking about this. Here are the things she wants to get fixed. Go check that out. You should. Alright, we've got part two of Tucker Carlson's interview. Tucker, of course came in yesterday for a live interview with us. And it was just such a blast. Everybody watching Tucker talk about all the events of the world and, and he did a great job. Part two, I, you know, I, this is not much of a tease 'cause we're about to play it for you.


I'll just tell you this, I think it's even better. Part two is even better. So Tucker stuck around. We talked about a ton of stuff, including his relationship with the Biden family. He knew the Bidens, he knew those guys before Joe Biden ever became president. He knew Hunter Biden. We talked about that. Now. We, we talked about JD Vance, is he going to be the next president of the United States? And we talked about that famous photo, which you'll see coming up of Tucker Elon and President Trump all standing together at the White House and, and definitely what I thought that, that photo represented. So if we're ready, are we ready fellas?


Ready? Jump into this. Oh, we're ready. Here it comes. Part two of our interview with Tucker Carlson. The big show continues here with Tucker Carlson in the house. I'd like to talk about your wellness routine. Would you, if we could, would you? It's key. You gotta take care of yourself, Tucker. You gotta we need you around for a long time. I need you to work on your wellness routine. My wellness routine. Yeah. By the way, if I had a wellness routine, Which I take a sauna every day and I use nicotine, that's good. That's it. But a lot of nicotine, a lot of sauna. But if I had a wellness routine, I would never admit it. I would never call it a wellness routine. Yeah. Would you Maybe come up with something cooler sounding? Yeah. But, but yeah, just but staying in shape is good. I like, I like the make America healthy again, thing I liked, I liked, I Was a, I'm a big promoter of it and still am.


And, and Oh absolutely. And I'm not that interested in health, but I'm definitely interested in not being poisoned. Yeah. Amen. And as someone who travels a lot, like this is the greatest country in the world with the worst food. And I don't understand how that happened. Yeah, it's awful. It's honestly, it's honestly, it's awful. I will say, and it's addictive if you haven't seen it yet, anyone who hasn't seen this, go back and find Tucker's interview with Callie and Casey means Yes. It'll change your life. I promise you. It'll change your life if, if you, if you're not already switched onto to what they're up to. And they're, and they're the guys who are advising RFK Junior too. Yes. And it's, it's so important. I mean, you'll be fully sold when you see this. Anyway. I can't recommend that enough. Hey, I want to ask you in the time we have left here more, just a little bit more about the Bidens, if I can.


Yes. Because you know the Biden family. I do. Yeah. Or you've known them for, for Years. How Many Years? How close were you to the Bidens? Well, I wa I was, I knew his son and wife and I really liked his wife. I thought his wife was, was an outstanding person. And Kathleen Biden. And I thought that they were our neighbors and she was running partner of my wife's. And you know, I knew them pretty well and I thought, I thought he was troubled. I always liked Hunter Biden. Yeah. I, you know, I had no idea what was actually going on. But clearly, and I will say one thing I liked about him, I mean, I guess probably say, I'll just say it, and no one spent more time beating up on Hunter Biden than I had.


But what I knew Hunter Biden we're the pretty much the same age as maybe a year younger. His mother died when he was little. Yeah. He lived with his brother and his dad. So the three of them father, two sons, that's how I grew up actually. Yeah. And so we had that in common. And it's such a weird way to grow up. And we always used to talk about it. And we both had like a kind of, you know, there's a lot of downside, but there's also huge upside. He was very close to his dad and I always loved that about him. I think Joe Biden was a pretty bad dad actually. But I do think he loved his sons. Yeah. In his kind of ineffectual, incapable liberal way. Like he could never say no, basically.


But, so we had that in common. But, you know, it was drug, no one wants to hear it, but it was drugs that got him. Drugs are evil. Yeah. I mean, I've, I've done drugs. I know. And I've seen a lot of people destroyed by drugs and killed by drugs. Drugs and alcohol are evil. I think that sobriety is the only answer. No one wants to say it. I don't know why no one wants to say that. It's like so forbidden to say sobriety the way you were born is somehow bad. But the whole society's like on drugs. It's like insane. Well, sobriety requires self-mastery. It's like you're not, you're not farming it out to something else that's gonna life. Well, but We're over your life encouraged to use drugs. Life. That's the thing. People give their kids drugs because give them amphetamines and Adderall or whatever, give them all kinds of garbage because the doctors encourage it.


Now I'm not, you know, you're your own master in the end, but the truth is if you're on drugs, it changes you completely. Yeah. And Hunter Biden was like a pretty reasonable guy. He's like scamming off his dad's name and doing shady deals in Ukraine. So by the way, was the whole freaking city of DC and everybody I knew. Right. That's just a fact. And now that I've left and I don't, I don't work for anybody. I'll just be honest. I don't care. Yeah. That's a fact. That city is deeply, deeply corrupt. So it does bug me a little bit. All the focus on Hunter Biden, who I've attacked a lot. You think he's the only one, the whole city is that that's what they do. That's why they're the richest city in the country and they don't make anything. They steal your tax dollars and they Do it in these kind of weird money laundering loops through other countries.


Yep. And that's why every CIA person I've ever known is rich. Well, how did you get Rich? Yes, it's the CIA. So, but they're all that way. But I, I, I ask about this, first of all, I should add this context, which is like, you have all sorts of unusual friendships and relationships and you kind of pride you like, you like that. Well, Hunter Biden, like told a mutual friend of mine recently that I was a Nazi. Did he really? I'm a Nazi. Oh yeah. No, he hates me. But, but you know, he's the kind of person who blames everybody but himself, like all drug addicts. Like they all, the, the core problem with drugs and alcohol is the exacerbate your narcissism. Yeah. It's always someone else's fault. Your whole life is organized around hiding from anxiety or pain.


And you're willing to dick over everyone in your entire life in service of your addiction. That's narcissism. And so they can never take responsibility for anything. That's what I hate about them. And, and he's a prime example. But Also, not to get too theological, but if you escape your suffering, you also get off the pathway to God. Well, you get possessed by demons. And if you, and if you assess some of what's on his laptop, it's not in any way fun. He's torturing himself Oh my gosh. To death. And using other people like objects, which are markers for evil. Of course. That's what evil is. Yeah. Is not, is not treating other people like they have souls. And so there's, there's a lot there. But bottom line, hunter Biden, in addition to being a metaphor for the corruption of the Biden family, was also a human being who I knew.


And I can just tell you, having known him Yep. That he was destroyed by drug use. So having known the Bidens to some extent, obviously, what do you make of Jill? Like, Jill Jill's awful. She obviously like for, for all of us, stupid, we, you see her is like totally exploitative. She's using her husband in this awful way. Was she always like that? Was that, was that easily detectable? She always a Bitch. And dumb hunter hated her. A lot of the family hated her. She's very good looking. Actually. I don't know if it's clear now, but as a younger woman, she's very, very unusually pretty. Yeah. And you know, kind of second wife Right. Left her husband to, to be, be with Joe Biden. Like, I'm not judging, but that's just a fact. But kind of like the second wife out of a movie actually like, mean shallow, you know, Like how hungry.


Totally. A friend of mine showed up at their house once wearing the same dress for an event at their house, whatever, dinner at their house, small dinner at their house, at the Vice president's residence wearing the same, happened to be wearing the same dress with woman that Jill Biden was wearing. And Jill couldn't get over it the whole night. She was like outraged. She was like outraged. She's just like a shallow consumerist like idiot who's wound up with some kind of power and like calls herself doctor when having read her doctoral dissertation. It's like sub literate. Yeah. It's actually, you should read it. It's online. It's like, how could this person even get a driver's license? She's so stupid. It's an education doctorate. Yeah. It was on, it was a dissertation on community colleges in the state of Delaware.


The best was twice. I read the whole thing twice in it. She, it was something like this. She goes, the, the, the demographic breakdown of the community college system in Delaware is as follows. It's 30% white, it's 40% African American. It's 42% Hispanic and it's 19% Asian. And you're like, honey, I don't think that's even close to a Hundred percent. No wait, that's over. That's way over a Hundred percent. She's like an idiot. But that's fine. A lot of my dogs are dumb and I love them. There are a lot of good-hearted dumb people in the world. She was like a nasty dumb person. And by the way, I know since I know them, his sister complained, Val complained is a fact in 2019 that he should not be running for president because he's got cognitive Parkinson's or whatever.


He had cognitive decline and it's mean. And Jill was pushing it and Jill was saying he needs to do this to work out his grief from Bo's death. And and to be fair, nobody expected him to become the nominee. And it was only because Pete Buttigieg was so cr only like democratic donors thought like an incompetent gay guy who may not actually be gay, who worked for McKinsey. I'm sorry, I missed that particular threat. He might not be gay. No, he was dating girls until like right before he decided like, wait, I'm gay Now. So he picked it up as a, I don't know if it's an affectation or what, but he was dating women like right before. True. That's a fact. It's like documented. Oh, I'd love to interview Them. So I had a gay guy on my staff who was like, he's not even gay.


And I was like, really? Oh, so the gay guys don't think he's gay. Gay guys are deeply suspicious of his commitment to homosexuality. Yes. Wow. But the point is, for someone like Pete Buttigieg who's just like a, a raw careerist, like it doesn't even matter. It's like, it's a merit badge. Like, oh, sodomy, okay, I worked at McKinsey, I went to Harvard. Now it's sodomy. We're There, you know, the free Beacon had one of the best lines ever on this. They, they would, when they would refer to Pete Buttigieg in their coverage, they would say, Pete Buttigieg, who is white but makes up for it by being gay, that's a Hundred percent right. And like the genius has to said, the D DNC are like, okay, people are gonna love it. Okay, so he's white, But he's Gay. And everyone's like, what? This guy's a Freak. So at least he has that going for him.


You couldn't Even run South Bend, Indiana. Like, shut up son. Isn't that weird? Doesn't he speak like six languages or something? Oh, he is a genius. And so, But but wait, so if he speaks six languages, why is the most important thing about him that he's gay? It's the only Thing with matter that matters. So I want, I've always, he's never agreed to an interview with me, but I've always wanted to ask like, okay, so you're sleeping with these women and then you decide to be gay. Like how gay are you? Like how deep is your commitment to gayness? Yeah. Like would you just, in a perfect world, would you hook up with a girl again? So are you really gay? Were you born that way? Like, tell me how this Works. Maybe he occasionally shows up for it. Just like his job at the transportation department, you know, just every so often he's gay. But he was the great gay hope for the Democratic Party. And when voters, democratic primary voters rejected him, they're like, oh shit, we can get Bernie who's a fraud.


But he is saying some pretty nasty things about the banks can't have that. Can't have, they'll kill you for that. So obviously it can't be Bernie. 'cause maybe if he's 20% serious about disliking billionaires, like we're gonna have to murder him. So, hey, is there anyone else? Joe Biden. He can like pose as like a moderate working class white guy. Let's get him. Yeah. That's literally what happened. Yeah. An elderly marionette took the White House. A Hundred percent. I want now. So we have obviously different people in power. Thank God we have, Yeah, amen. President Trump and Vice President JD Vance. That's what I wanna ask you about is JD. Talk about another guy who you really helped make sure people knew about JD obviously had written Hillbilly Elegy had had established a profile for himself, but introducing him as a political candidate in the Republican Party.


You made that one of your missions when you were Yeah. Hosting the primetime show and you, you brought JD on all the time. I was Just impressed by him. And I'm never impressed. Yeah. What do you think of, what do you think of him? Like how, how is, how does he distinguish himself from every other politician now? Because He's sincere and he's thought it through and he's not afraid. He rises to the occasion, but he actually believes something. He's not kidding. I don't think you could pay d JD Vance to say certain things. He's a politician working in politics. So of course, you know, he's subject to pressures, but fundamentally on the things he really believes, he's just not gonna say it doesn't matter. Like, he'll lose before he endorses certain ideas. 'cause he just thinks that they're immoral.


And that's a normal human reaction. Yeah. I think that I could say that easily of you and no one would be surprised, but for a politician to have actual principle is unusual. So How smart is he? Very, He's very smart. He's legit smart. He's not pretend smart. He's not. Pete Buttigieg smart. I worked at McKinsey and I had sex with a man. I'm a genius. He's like Actually smart in, in the way that intelligence matters. He's got wisdom and he has powerful analytical skills. You give him, you know, a series of arguments and he'll tell you what you're really trying to argue for. Yes. And he can Make his case. Oh man, I've noticed that there's like random people on acts, not totally random, he's really smart. But that who will make some sort of claim about the Trump administration or JD Vance.


And he'll get right in the comments and he will every time put them in a headlock by the end of it, just by arguing his point and making his case. So that's The beauty of X is that it's kind of all out there for everyone to see. I mean, and I think it's very obvious from the pro style and just from the way that things actually work. JD Vance is actually writing those, those, I mean, JD Vance is sitting, he's a Writer. Well he is literally a writer, but he's, you can tell when you read them, and I happen to know for a fact, he's sitting there with his iPhone like, what? But many bang bangs it out. So that's a window into who somebody is as a former editor, you're a lifelong editor. A person's writing tells you who that person is. Yes. And if you wanna, who JD Vance is read, he's rational, he's reasonable, he's principled.


He's not mean, he's not like going for the one of my great faults as all of a sudden I'll make fun of Pete but's fake gayness. I probably didn't need to say that. Yeah. Probably could just assess his failures of the, it was a little bitchy I think. Yeah, it was, it was. I'm very bitchy. I'll admit it. JD Vance will forego the opportunity to take the cheap shot unlike me and will make the principle case. And like, so if you're wondering who JD Vance is, read X. Yeah. And I think even a person who hates his ideas will come away being like, wow, that's a superior guy. 'cause he is, Does Trump like him? Well that's the amazing thing. Yes. And Trump really likes him really, by the way, if Trump didn't like him, it'd be on the front page of every newspaper.


Because the dream is okay. The main threat long term is JD Vance. Okay. He is the threat to the, you know, to the way things are and to the stakeholders. The Threat. Threat. Oh, the threat. Excuse me. He's the threat. Oh, I see. Yes. To The stakeholders, you know, who've profited from the destruction of the United States. So they wanna stop JD Vance the attacks on him and his wife, which are ign and totally disgusting. Yeah. Coordinated. They're obviously coordinated attacks and they're infuriated by what he did to Zelensky. I revere him for what he did to Zelensky. Zelensky is a criminal. He's not the legitimate president of Ukraine. He's not elected.


And he has hurt the United States far more than most people understand. And JD kind of said that, and they hate him for that 'cause they know he means it. And he's tough. Do you see a debate with the Creepo Waltz? Yeah. It was like an unbelievable, his emotional self-control far surpasses anything I could even aspire to. Like how do you have that much emotional self-control? How do you look at Tim Walls? He's got, He's got some combination of a Marines discipline, which he is, and he's got a lot of knowledge. So he's not insecure about it. Yeah. So I have half of that. Like, I'm not insecure at all. I have a lot of knowledge, but I have the discipline of a pot smoker, a teenage pot smoker, which I was not anymore, but I was, I was not in the Marine Corps.


I was like doing the opposite. Yeah. So I am in awe Of that. It is amazing. It's amazing. So, so let me, let's dwell on this Zelensky thing for a moment. Can we play, this is a JD Vance in the Oval Office squaring off against Vladimir Zelensky. I'm talking about the kind of diplomacy that's gonna end the destruction of your country. Yes. But if you, Mr. President, Mr. President, with respect, I think it's disrespectful for you to come into the Oval Office and try to litigate this in front of the American media. Right now you guys are going around and forcing conscripts to the front lines because you have manpower problems. You should be thanking the president for prior to bring it into this conflict. Have you ever been to Ukraine? Okay. So a couple things here, but one of them that I, I noticed about that exchange is that it almost seemed like Trump wanted JD to handle it.


Like Trump was just kind of sitting back and, and inviting the vice president, go ahead handle this guy. You can't overstate how, how bad Zelensky has been. And as you know, Zelensky is himself controlled by the oligarch, could put him in place, who owned his television show and who made him president and who still controls him. I don't think he even lives in Ukraine. But the point is, Zelensky is himself a kind of victim in the big picture. But that Ukrainian government has destroyed, Ukraine has hurt this country immeasurably. And Zelensky is a criminal who's tried to kill a bunch of different people, including people I know. So there's that. He had every right to do that. JD did my read on it is a little bit different. I think that the president really wanted to sign the mineral deal.


And I think that Zelensky had been so coached by whomever, Samantha Power or some stupid Republican, you know, senator Right. Before, you know, be tough with Trump. He just misread the room so completely that it's insane. Right. It's insane. And I think JD picked up on that and I think JD sort of changed the trajectory. This is my read on it anyway, of the conversation. It was like, whoa, whoa, whoa. You can't talk to president of the United States like that. Yeah. And then it just snowballed in this way. I was in a foreign country at dinner and at night and someone pulled it up on their phone and the whole table was watching this. Like, our jaws were like, I can't believe this happened.


Yeah. And I've been, and I was texting with you about this 'cause I actually, the first thing I had seen and I sent right away to you was when as Zelensky arrived at the White House and he was dressed in his sweatshirt again. And Trump straight up says to him right away, he is like, whoa, I like your outfit. And I was cracking up the Arrogance of that man to lecture us who are paying the retirement benefits of Ukrainian bureaucrats to lecture us like, we haven't done enough. Get out of here. Yeah. Midget. Yeah. No, it's, it's, it's crazy. All right. Well, in a moment I wanna talk to you more about JD Vance and, and whether or not President Trump is gonna be there for him. Come 2028. I think it'd be an interesting conversation. I think so.


Wanna get to the next item here. And I wanna tell you, this episode is brought to you by Zippy's nicotine toothpicks and zip Zippy brings you a totally satisfying, convenient, and great tasting way to curb your nicotine cravings. Now you can get your nicotine fix anytime, anywhere without having to rely on smoking or vaping. Zippy's toothpicks give you an easier, better, and more discreet way to get your fix. They're available in six great long lasting flavors. They've got options in two milligrams, three milligrams of nicotine zipp toothpicks are perfect for flights, sporting events, restaurants, literally everywhere else that smoking and vaping are banned. They're one of the most cost effective nicotine products on the market. They're proudly made in the USA Zip X also offers caffeine and B12 infused toothpicks. If you're not a nicotine user or if you're trying to get away from your nicotine habit, zip XX have already helped tens of thousands of customers get their nicotine fix without needing to inhale smoke or vape oils. Give your lungs a break and try zipp nicotine infused toothpicks. Ditch the cigarettes, ditch the vape, and get some nicotine infused toothpicks@zipxtoothpicks.com. Today, get 10% off your first order by using the code VINCE at checkout your lungs will be glad you did. Must be 21 or older to order warning nicotine is ant addictive chemical. Zip more, smoke less with zip X nicotine toothpicks. Of course, nicotine's an addictive chemical. That's, that's the whole point.


Oh yes, this guy likes nicotine too. Obviously it may, perhaps you've seen him also. Today's your lucky day. Field of greens from BrickHouse Nutrition just kicked off a huge St. Patty's day of sale. Awesome. Get 30% off when you use the code luck. That's easy. Look, we don't always eat as healthy as we should, but brick house, nutrition's field of greens, they've got your back. One delicious glass is packed with a rainbow of doctor selected fruits and veggies to support heart and kidney health metabolism. And more. So even when you go for the burger instead of a salad, you're still giving your body the good stuff that it needs. And during their St. Patty's Day sale, you can save some green while you drink your greens. Save 30% on all of their popular flavors and bundles when you use the code Luck. Whether Field of Greens is already part of your routine or you've been waiting to give it a try, now's your chance. Save big the sale's only on for a few days. So don't miss out. Please go to field of greens.com, use that promo code luck, that's field of greens.com promo code. Luck once of again, once again, so you know how to get there. Field of greens.com promo code. Luck.


Alright, so JD Vance, we love him. He's doing, he's, I'm, I'm very excited that he's there. Thank God he's in that position rather than so many of these other establishment figures who would not have served us quite as well. Will President Trump support him for president? That's, that's what's on my mind. I know Trump was asked this by Brett Bayer, I think a couple months ago, and when he was asked Trump was like, well, there's a lot of great people, a lot of great people, they're all working here. And I, you know, a lot of, and kind of who Are, who are the great people? I don't know, but I, my suspicion, I can't think of any, Well, I think he's hired a lot of really good people for The administration. He certainly has. But as his successor, someone who understands what Trump believes, the Trump program, Trumpism.


Yeah. You know, I think every Trump is a transformative leader. Trump is, you know, in, in a lot of ways the most important president in the last, well, certainly since Roosevelt In our lifetime. Well, certainly in our lifetime. Yes. And you know, I think people want to leave a legacy. All of us and great men especially do, and the only person in the entire Republican party, from my position, who's capable of carrying on the Trump legacy and expanding it, making it what it should fully be, is JD Vance. I think his loyalty is without question, and his service to Trump has been profound. So I'm assuming that was, you know, just like a, a phrase that you feel you have to use.


But I sort of think he was protecting JD from, that's probably right from incoming. That's probably like, he didn't, he was like, I'm not, I'm not saying that now. The last thing I wanna do is, well also, I don't want people thinking about the next presidential election. We've got a lot of work to Do. Right. That's exactly right. And there's a lot that will happen between now and then. But the idea, look, the real battle here is between the people who care about the country primarily, and people like Nikki Haley, who don't care at all about the country, like at all. They don't care at all. They really care about the fortunes of foreign countries and that's how they're paid. So I get it, but the pro-America side I think is winning. It's a constant battle. It never ends. But, but I think they will prevail in the end because, because ultimately a leader is responsible for his people, his nation.


That's how he's judged. Yes. And so we'll return to equilibrium like Chairman Xi, whatever you say about him, like he's got China's interest in mind. Vladimir and Putin totally obsessed with the fortunes of Russia. You may disagree with what Putin does. You may not like Putin whatever he's about. What's good for Russia. Right. Our leaders have not been that way. And I think going forward, they probably will be because there's, there's no other way to run a Country. But ultimately the decision that President Trump will have to make through this very important endorsement is who's gonna carry on my legacy? Who's gonna be the guy? Yeah. And the most obvious person at this moment does seem to be jd. There's No one else. Yeah. There's no one else. And I think already, I mean, you know, it's a tough, it's a tough gig for any vice president, this one included.


But I think already JD Vance has been, as you saw in the clip, you displayed a powerful partner, subordinate partner. Yes. Not, not coequal partner, he's the vice president. But he has been a powerful partner for Trump. I, I don't, I don't see any other at this point as of today. Any other conceivable option. I think JD Vance will be the nominee, Let me, let me end here, fellas. Can you look for, there's a picture of, of Trump, Tucker and Elon Musk standing at the White House, all three of them. And I think maybe somebody's wearing a MAGA hat or something, maybe multiple. But it's, I don, that wasn't me. You know, this AI thing is outta control. It is outta control. It's a great photo.


I love it. And I love it for kind of, in some ways, for its symbolism. There they are. Look, oh my goodness, I, I'm sorry I understated the MAGA hats. These are the, the cartoonish, oversized maga hats standing with President Trump out next to the Rose Garden in, what was it? The colonnade in the White House? Yeah, That was totally, it's such a long story. I won't bore you, but I was there recently and we were just walking from one place to another and they were, there's, they were, I saw one of those enormous hats. I I was with Elon and we found out, I was like, oh, this is funny. We were wearing 'em just joking around. Yeah. And then we were walking with the president to go do something and someone's like, lemme take a picture. And the next thing you know, when I have a strong preference, not having my picture taken like Outside, especially when you're wearing oversized hats, Especially when I look ridiculous, which is most of the time anyway, so it's like, it's not that.


But you Know, this was a convergence of all of Tucker's worst impulses. Yes. Because there were so, it, so you get every Day is a conversion of my worst impulses. So there they are. But what I liked about that photo, and I thought to myself instantly, I was telling whoever was standing next to me, I said, and, and I know you can take this compliment however you want, but those are the three most important men in the country. Oh Yeah. No, And the reason I say that, and I can see your humility already showing up, but obviously Elon has taken tremendous risks in his own way and has made a, and, and really made a big gamble, that's for sure. In this last election. He's A dice roller man, Trump, I've never seen Backing Trump, and I really value what he's doing now. Me too. Trump for obvious reasons, is the most important man on the planet.


He Risk his life. Yeah. And then you, the reason I say that you're up there in the top three is because the gift that God has given you is the ability to distill things down into understandable, digestible concepts. And you did that with this every single night in, in your Fox platform and then everywhere else you've been, and you've helped people think in very basic terms about the way that their lives operate. Like, is this good for me? How does this affect my family? Just sort of reminding everyone to like, use like sort of Socratic principles to confront their life. And I'm telling you, it has been in every sense, a net benefit to the country. So I, thanks. I really think that the three of you are as important as a guest.


And I'm so glad that they're A photo of like that. Well, I'm, I've spent the last two years since I get fired trying to understand what's happening around the world. I used to write a monologue every night, and for the last two years, I haven't really, because I, I don't understand it. So I've really taken months and months and months and months and months and traveled around the world to try to see if I can understand it. And the picture's becoming a little clearer. But I would say this is a really bewildering moment if you're being honest about it. Like, we all pretend we know, oh, it's this and that, but like, actually what is this? Like what is this? Yes. So I know you hear it all the time, but I'll ask you the same question. Yes. Everybody asks me about you. When did the monologues come back? Are you ever going to Do it again?


And by the way, you ob you obviously should. I think that, I Don't know. I mean, I don't even know what I'm doing for lunch. I'm not that guy. I don't plan anything. I just follow impulses that I think I hope are from God. Yeah. And I make a ton of mistakes and I'm obviously kind of a ludicrous person in some ways. I don't hide it, but I try not to hide anything. But I really have felt for the last couple of years, like I need deeper understanding of what's happening because the world is resetting completely Yes. In ways that we don't perceive here. And, and I want to understand that because I want to tell people what I think is true And so does everybody else. And so even if you're picking up on fragments, I think people wanna join you on that journey.


So, yeah. Well, I think I'm, we're, you know, making some, some things are happening right now that, you know, we'll see what happens. But no, I'm entering, that's mysterious, entering into a new phase of My life that's, I'll say that's a mysterious way to the show. We're Sitting in Dan Bonino studio and he's now the deputy director of the FBI. So like, who knows, Literally anything can happen is what you're saying. Tucker Carlson. It is. So, oh, It's the bet. Congratulations. That's truly good to talk to you. Thank you. The great Tucker Carlson. So Chad, what do we think? Do we like, do we like having Tucker stop by? It was great. I, I really can't thank Tucker enough for, for everything that he did. And I'll talk about that in just a moment, a little bit more.


But I just wanna say, coming up, we do have some other news I wanna share with you, including a hilarious statement from President Trump today talking about illegal aliens and how they can deport themselves out of the country. But again, before we get there on Tucker Yeah. Everyone likes having Tucker on. Yes. Love Tucker. I love Tucker. I'm sorry, I can't even read your names. Everything's moving so fast. Love Tucker. Yeah, he was great. And I gotta say, just to give you a sense of how all of this developed a few weeks ago, just ahead of the official announcement that Dan would be stepping away from all of this, Dan Bonino would be stepping away from all of this and heading in to become the deputy director of the FBI. He called me and he said, VINCE can't announce it publicly yet, but it's happening.


I'm headed off. In fact, I didn't actually know the job. He just told me that he was headed off to a, a government gig. And I was speculating just like everybody else, I think around him. And then he asked me to step into this role. And so as I was getting the show set up right away, I knew that one of the first people I should call is Tucker Carlson. Tucker is a long time friend. I worked for him starting in 2010, back at The Daily Caller and, and have been a great friend of his and just, we've collaborated on journalism. I was on his television show a million times and he was just the absolute best. So I called him and he said, absolutely. And he traveled all the way to this studio. It's not, it was not, not a short trip.


He took a very long trip to get here, spent a long, a long time with us yesterday, was super generous, had a great time talking to the whole staff here. Gee, Justin, Jasmine, Hailey Avita, and very impressed by this world that Dan has built. We got to walk around the studio together. He, he signed the wall right yesterday. He signed, yeah. He, there's, he put his signature up on the wall in the green room. So anyway, I just wanna say Thank you to Tucker. Tucker's a great guy, great American, and I really meant it what I said. And I saw people in the chat responding that that photo of him and Elon and Trump together standing at the White House, I kind of felt like that was almost like a state of the union.


One of them should be a designated survivor. That's how important those three guys are. And it's just cool to see them together. And I'm so glad. Aren't you glad they're all on our side, aren't you Glad I am. And by the way, Tucker's also not the, the last big guest we have this week. Donald Trump Jr. Is gonna be in the house. We're gonna have him for an extended interview. Can't wait to talk to him, but we got a lot to discuss there, including his dad. What changed between 45 and 47? What changes did he detect in his own father? So we've got, we've got a lot to get to this week. Speaking of his dad, president Trump this morning, I, I gotta say I love the ruthless efficiency of this White House.


I also love the comedy of this White House. Don't you think they're the funniest thing ever? It it, so President Trump this morning, there's a video of the White House just released of him behind the Resolute Desk announcing that if you're an illegal alien here in the United States of America, that he has a very easy way for you to deport yourself. Wanna get deported? There's an app for that. Take a look. People in our country illegally can self deport the easy way or they can get deported the hard way. And that's not pleasant. The Biden administration exploited the CBP one app to allow more than 1 million aliens to illegally enter the United States.


Now my administration is launching the CBP home app to give people in our country illegally an easy way to leave now and self deport voluntarily. If they do, they could potentially have the opportunity to return legally at some point in the future. But if they do not avail themselves of this opportunity, then they will be found, they will be deported and they will never be admitted again to the United States ever, ever again. You're never coming in using the CBP Home app. To leave the United States voluntarily is the safest option for illegal aliens. Our law enforcement.


It also saves the US taxpayer dollars and valuable CBP and ICE resources and all of those resources are necessary to focus on dangerous criminal aliens. And that's what we're focused on. The CBP Home app is now available free, of course, all mobile app stores. Imagine. And I encourage those who have violated our laws to use this option today. Do it right and come back into our country. Do it wrong and you'll never be back again. Yeah, it's available. App stores everywhere you can deport yourself. It's like Uber Eats for being deported and they, they'll give, we'll have a promo code and everything so maybe one day you can come back.


President Trump announces. So that's fantastic. I love that, that President Trump has announced that. And you know, these, these guys on the immigration issue, I know there's a lot of things, you know, we've, we've got Dan now as deputy director of the FBI, A lot of things that need to be dug up there. We we're waiting for so much information to come out of these agencies, but can we all agree that on immigration, president Trump has absolutely nailed this issue. Nobody's pouring across the border anymore. Every message that's going out at this moment is it is a very bad idea for you to illegally immigrate to the United States. It is not going to work out for you.


And instead of sending an app over our border, which is what the Biden administration did, they sent an app over the border and they said, you can sign up for this and then you can illegally immigrate into the United States with it. Trump's using the same app to say, if you're in the United States, download the app and we'll deport you. We'll take care of things. If you're looking for help being deported, count on Trump, he's gonna give you a hand. That's fantastic. Also, speaking of President Trump announcements, things to be dug up. We are, apparently, we're on standby now for the release of what I'm seeing. The reports are 80,000 Kennedy files. The Kennedy files, meaning presumably just the assassination of John F. Kennedy here is the president of the United States Monday announcing that these Kennedy files are about to be imminently released Tomorrow announcing and giving all of the Kennedy files.


So people have been waiting for decades for this. And I've instructed my people that are responsible, lots of different people put together by Tulsi Gabert and that's gonna be released tomorrow. We have a tremendous amount of paper. You've got a lot of reading. I don't believe we're gonna redact anything I said just don't redact, you can't redact, but we're going to be releasing the JFK files and that would be tomorrow. Do you have anything else to add to that, Carol? No, sir. So that's a big announcement.


They've been waiting for that for decades. Then I said during the campaign, I Do it and I, I'm amend of my word. So tomorrow you have the JFK files. Yeah, The JFK files being released. Alright. So I think when we hear announcements like this, haven't we all kind of been stung by the first round of the Epstein files? You know, so your expectations right now are managed, you know, you're, you're maybe cautiously optimistic about this. Maybe we'll get some answers. The United States government has been blockading these files from being released for as long as they've existed. In fact, right now it is federal law that these documents were already supposed to be released.


And yet administration after administration has blockaded them or the deep state or whoever you wanna blame. They aren't public. The details are not out there. President Trump says 80,000 are coming out today. So we'll see. We'll see. I I don't need, I, how about you? I don't think you want this, you don't want another like Epstein binder waving outside of the White House experience where you think a bunch of really important documents are coming out and then nothing, then nothing. So 80,000 JFK pages all set to be released tomorrow. Congresswoman Nancy Mace giving us the siren emoji here. Let's, let's see what happens. I think this is one of those areas, right, where we might wanna employ the Bonino rule on, let's just see what actually happens.


We'll formulate an opinion after we have enough time to review, because that's gonna be good. Yeah, and I'm seeing Jenna Fog saying in the chat. Hold, hold. Yes, that's right. Hold. We gotta wait. We gotta wait to see what's happening. Hello. There are 85,000 people in the chat right now. Everyone's hanging out there. Everyone's saying to hold, Hey, I'm with you. I, I can't, I can't agree more. Hey, so back to this issue of deportation, though. We can't finish today's program without talking about the amazing Stephen Miller. Stephen Miller is one of the president's top aides of the White House. He writes speeches for him. The guy, like, he's really one of the key policy brains inside of the Trump White House.


He was in in the 45th presidency. He is again in 47. And having known Stephen through the years, I've, I met him and talked to him a bit. We don't know each other well, I do know that he's obsessed with getting the, getting control of our border. Here is, this is V two play, this clip. Gentlemen, this is Steven Miller on CNN yesterday, mounting a valiant defense of all these deportations and absolutely just plexing, CNN into the ground. Take a look at Steven. So you called the judge's order just earlier today, quote patently unlawful end quote, and said that it was an assault on democracy itself.


Does that mean that the administration is ignoring this order? And might you ignore future court orders that meet the criteria you laid out? The president of the United States and his administration reserve all rights under the Constitution to conduct national security operations and defense of the United States. The Alien Enemies Act, which was passed into law by the founding generation of this country. Men like John Adams was written explicitly to give the president the authority to repel an alien invasion of the United States. Yep. Yep.


So In other words, what, what Stephen Miller is pointing out as the president is not just within his authority, it is his authority to make these deportations, to get rid of these violent gangsters, these illegal aliens. You know, the ones that were put in leg irons and put in handcuffs and put in prison garb brought to El Salvador, brought to a maximum security prison, had their heads shaved their beard, shaved off their heads, hound held down by guards who were kitted up to the nines. It's amazing. It's amazing. And Steven Miller is saying this, judge Boberg, who by the way is about as compromised as you can possibly get, his wife is a massive donor to Democrats.


People know this. The FEC records on this show that she has donated over $11,000 to Democrats just on her own. And meanwhile, there's all sorts of suspicions about, about her daughter and the role that she plays in services for illegal aliens. So this guy is as compromised as you can get, and he's got a huge track record, huge track record of going, yeah, you see my tweet there, James Boberg, $11,232. He's donated so far to Democrats. His wife has, his family has, and he's got this massive track record of trampling all over the civil liberties of Americans to include President Trump. And now he thinks he can control American immigration policy when the president's here to protect us as the commander in chief.


I don't think so. And Stephen Miller says, I don't think so. In fact, here in V three, here's Stephen Miller carefully explaining to CNN like they're five years old, how the Alien Act works. Take a look. The president and the President alone makes a decision. Do you think of what triggers that the So do you then Think we are actually at war with Venezuela, the nation state of Venezuela? You're not, you're not hearing me and you're not understanding me. Read the statute, alien Enemies Act 1798. It says, if a predatory incursion is perpetrated by a foreign government, so listen, three, three qualifying actions, it could be an enact war. It Does say in the very beginning there has to be a declared war against a nation or a State.


No, that's what it says. No wrong. Look up the statute. It's on my account. Wrong on social media. That's actually where we found it. The yes, it says, or a predatory incursion or an invasion. The statute delineates three criteria for triggering the Alien Enemies Act. One is a act of war, which by the way, an invasion is an act of war. But put that aside, one is an invasion, which this is one is a predatory incursion, which this is, so it actually meets all three statutory criteria. Nope. Wrong. That's awesome. That is, you gotta keep that one on rotation. Nope, wrong. Fantastic.


Stephen Miller saying, look, this is squarely within our interest. And the Venezuelan government has absolutely hurt the country by sending these trend deua terrorists and guys who are taking over buildings, armed takeovers of American apartment buildings that ends now, no more of that 'cause these guys get ejected from the country. You know, Tom Holman, of course, is the border czar and he's also as ruthless as it gets in, in the best way possible. Love this guy. Tom Holman V six was talking about this Judge Boberg Boberg and these deportations and who's in the right here. Take a look. I don't know why any judge would, would want terrorists returned to the United States.


I mean you, first of all the video, what a beautiful thing to see, right? It's incredible. Look, the President Trump by proclamation invoked the authorities of the Alien Alien Enemies Act, which has right to do and, and, and it's a game changer. And we removed over 200 violent criminals from the United States, just not TDA, but also MS 13, your guess is Good Mind Lawrence, you know, you got some radical judge who makes a decision. This can't happen. You know that, that just defies logic. I mean, who in the right mind, whether you're a judge or not, wants known public. TDAA recognized terrorist organization sent here by the Madero regime to create havoc to un settle the United States through use of fentanyl to kill thousands of Americans, violence to American citizens, raping and murdering young, young, young women in this country.


They're enemies of this country. And President Trump treated it as enemies. And they, we did exactly what we should have done. Okay, so, so the, these are normal people with normal reactions to violent, illegal aliens being in the country. Steven Miller is a normal person. Tom Holman is a normal person. And, and again, they're savages. I love them. I love 'em. Here's the thing, the abnormal people, the lefties in this country, the people who are abusing this country, they don't even know what to do with this. First of all, you got boberg is trying to bring the killers back 'cause he thinks that's the right thing to do. And then here's V one. This is CBS. This is you ready for de demented news coverage.


Look no further than the way CBS is covering the fact that violent terrorists are now in a prison cell in El Salvador. Take a look at that On this St. Patrick's Day, as millions of Americans celebrate their Irish heritage. Recent events remind us that the Irish were among the first immigrants to be targeted in deportation crackdowns in The mid 18 hundreds. New York and Massachusetts enforced policies to have Irish immigrants rounded up and deported. The American Civil Liberties Union didn't exist then. But if it had, it may have taken the legal position. It is taking now suing the Trump administration to stop what it considers to be the illegal deportation over the weekend of more than 200 migrants to El Salvador.


You know, these guys are, are unbelievable. They are so brazen and disgusting everything about them. So the, am I really to understand this correctly, the, the CBS newscast and whoever that idiot is, presents this concept that by deporting terrorists from our country, it's exactly like when the United States was prejudiced against Irish immigrants in the 19th century. What? So they're hoping that over your Guinness on St. Patty's Day, you're just watching CBS because you have nothing better to do and that you will spit your Guinness out in shock of, of what your country's doing.


Meanwhile, of course, all the polling shows, it's really clear everybody supports what Trump is doing here. Nobody's opposed to it. Even by the way, illegal aliens who are not violent terrorists, it turns out illegal aliens who are in the United States don't want violent terrorists living in their community. It's amazing. It's amazing. All right, let me end on this 'cause I think this will be fun. So the left is, is so intimidated by Trump and Tom Holman and Steven Miller and the ruthless efficiency that they now believe that Trump is going to start deporting American citizens. That's right. This is Whoopi Goldberg V eight. Take a look. Take a look at this. Here's Whoopi on the view. She's afraid she's next.


Be eyes open y'all. 'cause Yeah, if they can just come up and take somebody, 'cause they've made a decision that you are supposed to be that person. Any one of us Yeah. Could find ourselves being deported to some country. Never. Don't give them any ideas, girl. Well, listen, you know, it is very clear to me that if we don't continue to say we want, listen, I understand you wanna clean out all the old, the bad stuff. I get it. But why do you now have access to my personal information? I get what the things you're trying to do. I don't understand why you're taking my stuff, my personal, not my personally, but each and every one of you and your constitutional right free speech and your constitutional rights of free speech.


Yeah. Whoopi Whoopi. We thought you all were going to leave anyway when Trump got elected. We're just trying to help. Yeah, that's true. That's, that's true here. Yeah. So here's, here's the, let me end with a public service announcement. And this is for you, Whoopi specifically. You're right. Trump is collecting your personal information. Elon has been personally looking through all of your communications, as difficult as that might be. And they are prepared to launch a raid on you. You will be deported. And I gotta say, we can do this the easy way or the hard way. We can either go after you have an ice raid on your house or you can just download the app to your iPhone.


President Trump says there's an app for that. You can, you can deport yourself. Just download the app, whoopee. President Trump will take it from there. Meanwhile, Stephen Crowder is gonna take it from here and I'm so glad to have you guys. 90, over 90,000. We'll, we'll touch six figures again. Let's do that again. Love y'all on the Rumble chat. Love talking to you here on VINCE. It's just been such a wonderful time. And again, Stephen Crowder is coming up next right here on Rumble. I'll be back with you tomorrow.