
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With, your host, Dan. Bonino. Folks, this is it. This is the entire race right here tomorrow night. You know it. I know it. Everyone with a functioning noran knows it. If the absolutely hapless Kamala Harris, whose biggest enemy is Kamala Harris, she's running away from herself debating her own positions. If Kamala Harris cannot save this campaign, I've got the poll numbers to back it up that she is absolutely drowning right now. If she doesn't save her campaign tomorrow during this debate, I'm not, there's no red wave talk. We have to execute. There's cheating, scamming the media.


Anything can happen, but let's just be candid. She's gonna be in a lot of trouble. We, by the way, big announcement, gee, remind me before the end of the show to say it again too. Debate coverage with Avita just like we did last time. Me Avita had a lot of fun. She'll be sitting right there 8 45, 15 minutes before We are gonna go live here on Rumble Mc, groin crew, Anita, everyone in a Bonino Army. Spread the word. We want a big crowd here, 8:45 PM tomorrow, Tuesday live debate coverage right here.


You heard me rave about Beams Dream Powder every week. Go get it. They're offering their largest discount at shop Beam dot com slash Bonino. Use code Bonino.


I've got a really short weekend update tomorrow. I will be in actually September 11th, so that's Wednesday. I will be in Tulsa at night. I will be, by the way, thank you for the patch from the, that's pretty cool patch, right? Tulsa, check this out. Tulsa police Department, their SOD team, their special operations team. So hat tip you guys, I'll be in Tulsa, Oklahoma show with Tucker. So if you haven't bought tickets for that and you're in the area, check that out. I'll be there. Lot is going on.


Hey, it's been said that we all have two ages. Our true agent, our biological age, biological age suggests how healthy or unhealthy we really are inside. You want your biological age years younger than your true age. Let me tell you the secret field of greens. Listen, I've been through a lot. I'm gonna be 50 in December. I feel great folks. I've showed you my blood work. It's sitting in the drawer right here. It has been absolutely impeccable in the years I've been on Field of Greens was listen, this field of greens was approved for a university study that doctors believe may lower your body's biological age. It generally means better health. Each fruit and vegetable and field of greens was selected by their doctors to help support key functions in the body for good overall health. Only field of Greens is backed by a better health promise. Here it is. On your next physical, I bet your doctor will notice your improved health from good nutrition like me or your money back. Join me in Better health with 15% off and free shipping. Go to BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan. Order Field of Greens today. Use promo code Dan as promo code Dan at BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan Check it out mine of my favorite products Field of Greens. You're gonna love it.


Alright fellas, let's go. I got a really short weekend update for you because one, it's a busy week, but second, I, Saturday was kind of slow for us. We were just hanging out with my orthodontist friend who we love, but we went to a dinner. And I, run into the Sky, And I. Just wanna say to you military guys, especially your special special operators out there, green Berets, recon, power Rescue Seals, Rangers, you guys are really badass. Mofos, And. you have my absolute undying respect. The reason I bring it up, I'm at a dinner with this, with this guy, super nice guy talk. I'm talking to this guy for, I don't know, an hour or so.


I'm at the orthodontist's house, right? Maybe over an hour. The guy doesn't mention anything. I mean, he's just kindly taking it all in. And I, I, he knew who I was and his, his wife was a regular listener to the show. So welcome. I don't wanna say who they were, but we're like an hour and a half into this thing. I didn't even tell these guys this story. And I asked the guy what he did, And I think after a few drinks, like he loosened up and he was like, oh, I was in the Navy. And I was like, oh cool man, that's pretty awesome. Thanks for your service. Like I love military folks. I only find out like another hour in this cop was on Seal Team six like was the real deal because the other guy I was with who was in the military, they were like, I was like damn.


And was talking about all these operations. I mean, not like sensitive stuff, but just like, man, what a badass. So God bless all you special operators out there. I just thought that was like the coolest thing. I didn't even mention it. Oh yeah, it was finally Seal Team six, like you, craziest thing. God bless you. Alright, getting to the show ladies and gentlemen, let me make an announcement. Dan Bo, Dan Bo You know the judges ruled. We got stuff all, all over the place when Dick and Liz Cheney crying, Adam Kinzinger Joe and Jill Biden, Barack Obama, the communist, left wing media, the sellout fake Republican media and Mark Cuban agree on a candidate.


Who do you vote for? Anyone? Anyone else but that person? A hundred percent. Thank you, Michael. I was gonna say the other guy, but you are correct. The answer is because we may have some other people get anyone but that person, they all agree. Kamala Harris is the gal. Dick Cheney, Liz Cheney, Adam Kinzinger, Biden Obama, the Commies in the media, mark Cuban. If they're telling you this is your gal, then it probably not is the, it's not the person you want. I warned you the swampy right and the communist left were teaming up. I told you that's what the Russia hoax thing last week about conservative media bought off by Russians.


The fake Russia hoax 3.0 last week. Ladies and gentlemen, that was not designed for liberals. I cannot emphasize this enough. I'm not gonna go into the whole story again. It was designed for swampy Republicans like Dick and Liz, Cheney and others, big war machine people. They make a bunch of money off connections and jobs and stuff like that and influence all of these legacy families. That influence here is what is at risk for them. You ready? Everyone? Just focus like a laser on me right now. This is about jobs, money and influence. The people in the swampy, right, and the communists left have one thing in common.


They have all made promises to people that they cannot fulfill if they don't have power. Do you understand what I'm getting at? If Donald Trump wins, there are no positions for them on the Kennedy Center board. There are no positions for them as the foreign ambassador to Sweden. It'd be a pretty cool gig. They, they're none of these. They're not gonna be there. There are no positions on defense acquisition boards where you can go and make a contractor B billions upon quadrillions of dollars. Trump doesn't do that. He doesn't do that. I'm not telling you he doesn't appoint inner circle people.


I'm just telling you, he has not been in politics like these legacy families forever. Where he is made a million promises they can't fulfill. That is what's going on right now. They are all uniting and it's gonna get worse to protect the crown and the crown are jobs, money, influence, and power. That explains this clip. I want you to watch this. This is Liz Cheney. Liz Cheney, who has just disgrace her herself, her family, her state, her neighbors. What did she lose by 60 something points in a primary. How the hell do you lose by that margin in a primary as an incumbent with all the money access and the family name behind you?


How do you lose? The answer is you must really suck that Nobody likes you. Here's Liz Cheney at a little media symposium thing saying who her dad's gonna vote for and probably her too. We'd assume, right? Check this out. Dick Cheney, your father, a beloved figure among Democrats for many, many years. Do you if You know who he will be supporting or who he'll be voting for? Do you care to share with us who he might be voting for? Dick Cheney will be voting for Kamala Harris. I want you to understand that these people are demonic.


They fully under Liz Cheney is not stupid. Don't, don't make that mistake. I get it that it's You know. You may feel like it's an emotionally rewarding thing to vent. Oh, people just stupid demo. Oh, thank you guys for pulling up. Liz Cheney lost by 66%. Harriet Hagerman to 28.9. Round down 65 to 30, she lost by 35 plus points. She was the freaking incumbent You know hard debt is to do folks, she's not dumb. Don't make that mistake. That's the mistake they keep making with Donald Trump. Oh, stupid tweets. All other stuff Trust me.


He's a lot. You may think he's a lot of things. Okay. It was stupid is definitely not one of em. Beat your ass. I believe twice if you didn't cheat in 2020, she knows exactly what she's doing. The swampy right will throw this country right into the incinerator. They will burn this place to the ground before their friends aren't taken care of in the next Republican administration. Here's Scott Jennings on CNM, one of the few smart guys over there. This goes to show you too how the commun left, the communist left will do absolutely anything to retain power.


They are mercenary. How many times have I had to tell you? Hypo hypocrisy, right? Folks in the chat, what do I say about hypocrisy? Come on, you guys are on the ball. P ones Groins. Bonino. Army You know it. Yes, it. They don't care that they feel like hypocrites the left. They care about hierarchy. When power is your only goal, all you need to do is acquire it and crush those beneath you. If you look like a hypocrite, it matters. Not they don't care. One freaking bit about looking like hypocrites. Here's Scott Jennings talking about exactly that. I thought Dick Cheney was a war criminal lefties. Now you want war criminals on your side. We are like that. I don't want Barack Obama's endorsement for anything ever.


You understand? I would. I would say if, if I was running for office, I'm not, and Barack Obama came out and said, I wanna endorse Dan Bonino. We roundly refute that endorsement and we share nothing in common, not the left. Check this out. Democrats have called Dick Cheney a war criminal for 20 years and now all of a sudden they're clapping like seals to get his endorsement. This does not strike me as people who are interested in listening to your conservative viewpoints. They are hungry for power. They will take Dick Cheney's endorsement today. You. see how Jennings understands the same thing I'm trying to tell you. They don't care. They look like Hypocrites. Hypocrisy is not part of their spreadsheet calculus.


They are mercenary power seekers who seek collectivism power's a zero sum game. I either have the power to spend my own money or the government takes my money and spends it for me. Once they've stolen my dollar through taxation, there's nothing I can do with it. If the government decides to a takeover of the healthcare system that you are going to have to go through the government to get, get healthcare procedures, you don't control it anymore. The government does to lefties. That's what zero sum means. There's a winner and a loser. There are very few Pareto optimized things the government does where everybody wins. Matter of fact, almost nothing. There is always a loser.


When the government does something to make someone else a quote winner, they have to take from someone else. They are completely hierarchical. They don't care. Listen, there are jobs at stake. There are reputations at stake. These people lose power. Think about it. Put yourself in their position. I don't, someone in the chat say you run a car business, And, you are the guy in your town, Tuscaloosa or whatever. It's, and you've run that town. Everybody goes to you for a new and used car. Then all of a sudden you get a competitor. Do you not lose influence? Forget the business side of it for a second. You lose influence in the town. All of a sudden, the people that came to you and said, Hey buddy, I own a local restaurant.


You know I let you in all the time. You don't have to wait. My daughter needs a car. They go to the other guy. Now, You know you think politics is any different. You think the Bushes and the Cheneys and all these people and the Kinzinger are above This stuff. Are you kidding me? These people are even worse than the guy who runs the car deal. At least that guy runs a legitimate business. Probably works his ass off. Not these people. They're lazy. Axios. Mike Allen, former president George W. Bush doesn't plan to endorse a presidential candidate. He's retired from po. Oh, you've retired. Country's burning to the ground and President Bush retired. I protected this guy. What a joke. What a scam.


So just to be clear, all of you Republicans out there, right, and MAGA folks and You know who you are who knocked on doors for this guy and donated You, know what he did to you. Someone said me this too. I'm gonna show. Someone gave me this set of book signing. Here's what he did to you. A a triple barrel. I I forgot this was you're laughing. This has been sitting in my i i people gimme all kinds of stuff at book signing. This did someone, they gave you a triple barrel. You are the one. How do you think George W. Bush got elected by you voting you like that by voting for, by the way, I'm voting for the outlook. I'm my outlaw shirt on today. You can check 'em out on the website if you want one. We You know we sent all our proceeds go over to charity.


So if you want one, pick one up. Someone asked me about that. But George W. Bush, the swampy have asked us forever, the Ingers and the Cheneys of the world, the Romneys of the world, the Jeff Flakes of the world. What have they said to people like us? Hey, knock on doors for me. Donate To my my shitty campaign. Make sure you vote for us even though we suck and don't wanna do anything for you. And You know what, a lot of us showed up. We saw the lever. We were like because the other guy was terrible and we live in a real politic world now. Our guy wins. He's won legitimately. He's won legitimately a primary again, multiple times. He's defeated every other Republican candidate and these shitty Republicans are like, nah, we're gonna sit this one out And.


you wonder why everyone hates you. You wonder why everybody hates you guys and then you lose And. you get your ass kicked. I lost. I lost in a primary go. Look it up. I got smoked. I ran. I have no problem. I wrote a whole book about things I failed at. I've taken chances and failed at a lot of things. Why do I bring it up? 'cause of you. Oh, Dan, you're speaking with fork tongue. It's not like you've ever lost bullshit, brother. Bullshit. I ran in a Florida primary against an absolute establishment guy in Florida. 19. We got smoked, man, I ran, the guy dumped like a million bucks on my head in 30 days. We didn't have the money to keep up with that. You think I sat it out and was like, oh, I'm not voting anymore.


I'm tired of these people, man, and that's why I'm so pissed. And I did all those shows last week. The one nuclear about these dumb ass Republicans who fell right in line with Russia hoax 3.0 folks. It wasn't designed to target liberals. Liberals are already stupid. They're already dumb. They already believed Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin are going out giving each other back rubs despite no evidence that any of that is actually true. They're crazy. They think there's a peepee tape out there. They still think Hunter Biden's laptop, which Vladimir Putin program did. They're idiots.


The Russia Hoax 3.0 that was put out last week at targeting these conservative influencers was designed for swampy Republicans who were stupid and are looking for any reason to attack their own people. You saw it last week with the Bart Simpson looking kid from a National review. They're just dying to go after Republicans they don't like because they lost power. That's it. We're the power. Now do You see that pod track ranking This month we moved up a spot. We're the number four show in the United States right now, thanks to you, and they're all pissed off about it.


We're the number one live stream. Number one live stream in the world. Last week on I. think it was on Wednesday. It's not self praise, it's for you. You made it number one. We are the power center now, not them. And they hate it even though we voted for all their garbage candidates in the past. So pissed off about all This stuff. I wanna show you this. Oh yeah, look at that. Thank you guys. Check it out. Top podcast in August. Yes sir. Dan Bongino Show number four up one spot. Thanks to you. They freaking hated. They're not happy for us. They're pissed off. How about our people?


This is how it's done. By the way, Tom Cotton was on CNN this weekend. Again, I don't get, if I don't fall in love with politicians, But I gotta tell you, this guy's been getting really good in media hits and when we get a win, we get a win. I'll take it. If he leads to a loss, we'll point that out too. Here's Tom Cotton on CNN. Ask the question by the absolutely Hoish down a bash who works at CNN, who has parroted? Every single bullshit anti-Trump hoax that has ever come out has been magnified on CNN. This is a joke of a network that anything they tell you about Donald Trump, rest assured it's likely the opposite is true. This is the the, I mean the kings and queens of fake news asking Tom Cotton about Russia Hoax 3.0 and he answers this question absolutely perfectly.


Like really, you guys at CNN on Russia. Again, People should not normally take money from the government of Russia, Orran or China or any other adversarial nation to try to influence the election. But I also think it's fair to say that a few memes or videos in the vast sea of political commentary is not gonna make much of a difference in this election, nor has it in past election as well. What didn't make a difference in the last election is the lies about Hunter Biden's laptop that more than four dozen former intelligence officials lied about in the middle of that campaign. And most networks to include this one bought that lie hook, line and sinker that did make a difference in the election.


Yes sir. Yes sir. That's exactly how it's done. It's exactly how it's done. You get a question about Disinformation misinformation or fake news from a fake news network. You flip the script immediately and say, when you guys are willing to acknowledge your role spreading around like a malignant cancer, fake news like the PP tape, the Russia hoax Trump wasn't spied on. Spygate is a conspiracy theory. The Russian laptop. When you dip wads, acknowledge your role in the massive spread of real Disinformation, then we'll address Disinformation like honest brokers. Till then, you guys are just propagandists. But thanks, thanks for asking, Donna.


Thank you. It's exactly how it's done every time. I rarely play clips back and back, back to back from the same interview. But there was another one about the Cheney endorsement. He did a good job. Again, when we get a W, I'll take it. Not endorsing anyone, I'm just telling you, I view politicians like spreadsheets. When there are plus one, bring it on. If there were a negative one, call it out. Very simple rule. The Cheney endorsement clip I think is even better.


Folks, the Biden Harris economy has been a major burden on the average American. Wages are flat, expenses are up, and it's hard to manage to pay all the bills without grabbing for credit cards. If you're a homeowner And, you're frustrated with that cycle. I need you to make a 10 minute no obligation call today, To, my friends at American financing. Interest rates are coming down and are now in the low fives, and if you're constantly carrying a credit card balance each and every month with a rate in the twenties, American financing will show you how to put your hard earned equity to work and get you outta debt. Their salary based mortgage consultants are saving their customers an average of $800 a month. If you get started today, you may not have to make next month's mortgage payment. How about that Call American financing today, the number's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. That's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. The website's a.net, not a.com American financing.net american financing.net. NMLS 1 8 2 3 3 4. NMLS consumer access.org. Thank you. American financing.


Alright, back. Not to kind of re-litigate the opening of the show, but Cotton did a great job on this. The swampy are panicked that Russia hoax, I can't say this enough, which targeted swampy Republicans who dutifully fell right in the trap because they want a reason to hate you and hate Trump because I'm telling you, they want to lose. It's being reported everywhere. My sources are telling me the same thing. The swampy Republican party wants to hold the house, win a slim margin in the Senate. They'll take a bigger one, but they don't think they're gonna get it and they want to lose the White House. I know that sounds crazy. Trust Brother Dan. I'm telling you the truth.


We are running against the, we are running against the blob, the swampy Republican party, the media left wing NGOs, a bunch of billionaires who hate us connected folks in the financial industry, the liberals, the progressives, and the Democrats. That's what we're running against. Here's Tom Cotton on the Cheney endorsement. Again, CNN playing it up. They thought, I thought he was a war criminal. Check this out. Dick Cheney was vice president of the United States for eight years. He was a senior member of the house. He was chief of staff to Gerald Ford. He worked tirelessly to advance Republican policies for a long time. You don't think his, his endorsement of a Democrat with that kind of pedigree is going to make a difference with Voters?


No, I really, I I really don't. I I mean, Or never Trump voters who weren't sure about Harris. Well, I mean, some of this is probably that Donald Trump beat his daughter in her last election by 39 points. If the Cheney endorsement so powerful, how the hell did Liz Cheney lose by 35 to 40 points in her own election in her own state where her dad was a member of Congress and the vice president and she was, well, how did they lose? Because they suck and nobody cares. That's why folks, these swampy are panicked. What's at stake said it before. I'll say it again. Money influence jobs. And by the way, don't downplay the influence thing.


Yes, money has a lot to do with it. There's a lot of people who've been promised a lot of things by the next incoming administration. A lot of things talking about You know Harris and the swampy, if they made it, they have been promised a ton of things, influences at stake. If the Bushes and the Cheneys and the Obamas and the Clintons cannot get their candidate past the guy they're telling you, they're telling you is a fascist threat to democracy, then what does it say about them? None of that's true, of course, but that the guy you're claiming is gonna end the United States. That your candidate sucks so bad that people chose the guy who said was gonna end the United States over you.


What does that, what does that say about you? What does that say about you? Don't downplay the influence component. They are panicked right now. The fake Kamala bounce, ladies and gentlemen, is being exposed. Look at his tweet, the polls. Now, these are New York Times. The New York Times, I believe. Sienna Poll. How bad does it have to be? Trump, by the way, outperformed the polls. Look at this. This is at IA polls 2022. I like this site. They give you the polls every day on X national poll. New York Times, Sienna cross tabs. Trump 48 Harris 47. Keep that up a second. Remember, Trump ran five points ahead of the polls in 2029 points ahead in 2016, which tells you what the polls are consistently underestimating Trump's support and their samples.


Are they doing it on purpose? Probably. I don't know that I don't care. I just know it's there. I know by a matter of statistical analysis that Donald Trump has done better than the polls dramatically every time. So just one more time. If Trump is up right now in a New York Times Sienna poll, by one point nationally, the race is over in the swing states. We don't even need to win nationally. If he's up by he wearing five points ahead of the polls in 2020, cut that in half. Say he's up by two and a half now running two and a half points ahead. Donald Trump's over 50%. Then folks, they are in a world of trouble. I'm good with that. Thank you. Everything they're telling you is fake.


They're Russia hoax. Kamala Harris You know, I I tweeted this out this weekend. I'm sitting there in my house and I'm finally getting settled in the new house. You guys ever move into a new house and the first few weeks are really uncomfortable because you're trying to get, I don't wanna get off track, but You know you. You can't get a routine down. Stuff isn't where it was before. I'm a routine guy. I'm very, I'm like, I I seriously, I'm I'm almost neurotic about it. Maybe clinically neurotic. Anyone who knows me can tell you I'm a routine guy and in my house, like everything's all over and I'm so, so I'm finally starting to get a routine. So I, get to sit down and chill a little bit. And I. Don't get to watch local TV often. So I put on local Fox, not National Fox.


And I'm watching the local news about some stuff that's going on in the neighborhood. And I. See this Kamala Harris ad run folks. It is one of the, have you guys seen the project 2025 ad for Donald Trump And? You turn on local tv, you'll see it. It's running all day down here in Florida, right? The ad basically says here is Trump's project 2025, your kids are gonna be murdered. You're, you're, they're gonna take senior citizens, watch 'em off the cliff, but behead them first. Your pets are gonna be dead. Grandma's gonna die. Their medicines are gonna be gone. You are all gonna starve this go. Oh yeah, locusts are gonna right. You make sure, make sure you avoid the angel of death coming.


I mean it's ridiculous. Okay? I'm being slightly hyperbolic, but they play this project 2025. I've already spoken to you about Project 2025. It is, the people are still asking me about this. Ladies and gentlemen, this is nothing unusual at all. It is not Trump's plan. It's not, it is a think tank. And by the way, a very good one, the Heritage Foundation that does this every year. Michael, this is not a trick question. What do you think a think tank does? I think it thinks. It thinks they get paid by donors to think of things that Republican politicians or Democrats, if they weren't dumb, could look at it.


It doesn't mean everything they put in their book is gonna happen. It's like, Hey, here's some ideas to fix interior, the agriculture department, all of This stuff that maybe 2% of This stuff even happens. But that's what they get paid to do. By the way, I like to hurt his foundation. Donald Trump. It's already said Project 2025 is not my thing. He said it publicly. You can actually look it up, liberals, although I know you're too stupid to do that. So you've got this spot out there claiming Donald Trump's project 2025, which I found hilarious for this reason. Kamala is actually on video and audio just a few years ago, taking a bunch of insane positions, pull police officers outta school, no restrictions on abortion.


Let the rioters riot go. Go take government over. Government's gonna take over healthcare a Confiscatory tax raise the green New Deal. She was a co-sponsor, by the way. She's actually on the record. So I'm like, this ad is funny. Trump's responsible for 2025 even though he disavows it. But Kamala's not responsible for Kamala. It's a, it's the craziest thing. Oh, You. see that here? This is my actual tweet. Crazy ads. Doesn't matter. See what? It's 2 39. So I'm sitting there in the afternoon and I'm saying crazy outta Hack Media will tell you, project 25, a pretty standard think tank piece is Trump's idea. But Kamala Harris's actual ideas, she's on video espousing aren't hers.


So weird. It's why she's collapsing in the polls. Everything is fake. Don't go anywhere. Quick break. This next segment, I'm gonna show you again Kamala Harris on video saying some of the craziest things you have ever seen. That if they don't come up in the debate tomorrow, A, B, C, you're not a new, well you're not a news outlet now, but if you're even trying to be, you are totally fair here. Here it is. Here it is. This is Forbes by the way. Not like some like hardcore right wing outlet. Trump campaign manager denies links between ex-president and Project 2025. Freaking hilarious. You guys get good at this. You feel free to do that kind of stuff.


Don't put up anything crazy. Gimme canned. Canned for my I canned from who? Right? My own company by Gino Wing. Yeah. Put up some thing I could see one time they go rogue, like one of 'em turns Democrat and they put a Kamala for president. Donate here. But like cut the stream. Cut the stream. We'll have to sever the lines like, like Spider-Man with Doc Cock pulling the things out. Everything is fake with these people. Everything is fake. Stay tuned. I'm gonna show you because receipts matter.


Hey, do You know there are reports of nearly a trillion dollars of infrastructure and pandemic funds yet to be spent? That's right. There's a massive amount of money the lame duck administration's pushing hard to spend in their last few months. Look it up. If Biden's able to push these funds out, You know what you're gonna see. You're gonna see another surge of inflation just like Covid. You remember how that was? Right? Still going on the high prices. Another surge in prices however, can be beaten. There's hope out there. A gold IRA from Birch. Gold Group can be the ultimate inflation hedge for your savings in uncertain times. To see how to help protect your IRA of 401k, get your free info kit on gold by texting the word Dan to 9 8 9 8 9 8 birch gold makes it seamless to roll over your retirement account while preserving your tax advantage status. Don't wait to see if the president's spending spree takes the dollar further. Protect your financial future. Now text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free info kit from Birch Gold Message and data rate supply. Thank you Birch Gold.


Our last sponsor today is Helix Sleep. As you could tell, by my rather energetic Monday morning. I always sleep good Sunday night. Seriously. I don't know why it's like chilling out from the weekend or what I Sleep on a Helix mattress sleeps super important for your overall wellness. You're sharper, you're better. The next day. I sleep on a Helix 'cause. I love it. The Helix, my second one. The Helix lineup offers 20 unique mattresses, including their award-winning lux and ultra premium elite collections. The Helix plus a mattress designed for big and tall sleepers and the Helix Kids mattress designed for growing bodies. Take the Helix sleep quiz, find the perfect mattress in under two minutes, and your personalized mattress is shipped straight to your door for your charge. Helix offers a 100 night trial, a 10 to 15 year warranty to try out your new Helix mattress. Every Helix mattress has a hybrid design combining individually wrapped steel coils in the base with premium foam layers on top. It's a perfect combination of comfort and support. Folks. I wouldn't sleep on anything different. It's an amazing mattress. The setup's fast and easy. Get 25% off all all mattress orders and two free pillows for e listers. How? Go to Helix sleep.com/dan. That's H-E-L-I-X. Do it today. Get a better mattress. Get some good sleep. That's Helix sleep.com/dan. It's our best offer yet And, it won't last long with Helix. Better sleep starts now. For me, it started last night.


Everything is fake with Kamala Harris. Everything's fake. The whole thing was fake. The Kamala bump was fake. The Kamala phenomenon was fake. The Kamala's Obama two was fake. Did You see this one? This one is of all the Kamala fake things, this one I find the most hilarious. So someone asked Kamala about her collared greens recipe. So she goes on to give this spiel how she prepares her greens in the bathtub. That is disgusting.


The bathtub. Do You know what happens in bathtubs bathing? Eh? You ever see how people get into bathtubs bathtub? Don't listen to me. Here's Kamala's recipe. Pay close attention. Check this out. I have A friend who had a Christmas party Christmas Eve every year, and she asked me to make the greens for a party every year. Okay? And, I am not lying to you that I would make so many greens that I'd need to wash them in the bathtub. I'm telling you the truth. So How do you make your greens? Do you put Turkey in Them? Do you put it bacon?


My grandma? I do bacon. Put bacon. Oh my gosh, Folks, nothing about this woman is genuine. And candidly, if it is, do not eat at Kamala Harris's house without taking Cipro because you could wind up with a pretty serious type of food poisoning. Okay? It's really gross. Here's I, so let me just tell you a quick story. Did I not tell you this this morning, guys? I'm scrolling through X doing my show prep. And I. Find this clip so hilarious because Kamala Harris will say anything. She'll say, I cook so many greens. I put 'em in the bathtub. The response on what they call black Twitter, black Americans who were on Twitter was hilarious.


They were like shredding Kamala to pieces. I found this one lady, it was so funny. And I lost the damn thing. And I hunted for a half an hour. So this lady's almost as funny, but honestly not as funny as the other lady. But it's still funny. Here is a response. I think this was TikTok, but they You know people roll 'em over to Twitter from a lady about Kamala Harris and greens in the bathtub. Folks, whatever you're drinking, put it down. Put it down. I'm not responsible. If you spit hot coffee, it is, put it down. But I'm telling you, you got it. Okay. Okay. One. Oh, it's down. Right? Pull over in a safe spot. Listen to this. Check this out, child.


If I find out that I was served some greens from somebody's nasty, filthy ring around, a dirty ring toenail toe jam ass crack, booty crack fucking hair. If I found out I, man, I'm calling the FBI, the CIA motherfuck notary public p Tracy lawyers, I'm suing your mu ass. You, I, you messed up my stress gave me P-T-S-D-L. No, no. This lady, she may be someone.


Please find this lady for me. She is hilarious. Ask crack toe jam. I'm calling the FBI to CIA, my lawyer, Dude. I'm like snorting. I the other lady was just as good. But I. Lost the damn video. Imagine that you're in the, you're in the bathtub, right? You are like washing between your toes. You may have been like in the sauna. You may have, right? Yours. You're doing the jujitsu with the soap. It looks like stretch twister.


You're like this. And all of a sudden imagine, imagine you are at the, so you're at, you don't know this, right? And you're at the dinner and the greens come out and you're eating 'em. And Kamala's like, yeah man, I cooked a lot of them. And everybody's like, yeah, I know there's a lot of people there. She's like, yeah, washed them up in the top before they like this. Go to couple hours before dinner. Next to Hair, Justin said, right? Oh, during the, so you're an hour into the dinner, you've already eaten the greens. You go to the bathroom, right? And You see this nasty ass tub with like a ring around like the lady says. And then you come out and then she tells you, yeah, wash the greens in the tub.


The tub. You mean the tub inside the lazy, they're in the bathroom. Oh, they're like, forget the Pepto. You have to like seriously like full dose of cipro doxy cyclic acid. You need, like you, they'll be like, remember when they said that Trump said drink bleach then Holy Moses, what kind of crap is this? Woman is so fake. Everything she says is crazy. Now, back to the serious stuff. Here is why she's struggling in the polls. Folks, when you go to what they call You know black Twitter where people aren't there, there are groups and lists and stuff where people talk to each other happened to be black.


It's not my name for it. You hear You know Whitlock and others refer to as at you'll see you. All you have to do is follow what people are talking about. Everybody knows Kamala is fake. It is killing her with minority voters, Hispanic voters, young voters, they all have bullshit antennas. They're like this, the wind is bumped. That's sounds like a bullshit wind. They've got their finger on the pollster. Like, I don't feel anything. The woman's a fake. She is getting annihilated with mail voters. Young voters. Minority voters, because she's fake. She's totally and completely fake.


I want you to watch this Super cut. Is this a rabon I? think it is. Tom Elliot hat tip. Tom Elliot over Gradon here is a super cut of just the cringes candidate Kamala Harris we have ever seen. And this is important stuff before the debate. This is what, this is why Trump needs to press her. The minute the stress level goes up, You see, Kamala Harris becomes completely, totally cringe. She becomes fake, she becomes phony, and she gets desperate. Watch this. Without voter suppression, The accent is back. Stacey Abrams would be the governor of Georgia. Andrew Gillum is the governor of Florida.


First, we saw her develop the magical accent when she was down south. Get I'm, I'm gonna get into some business now. Okay? And now it's back. You All helped us win in 2020. And we gonna do it again in 2024. We gonna beat him in November. Well, what Are you going to do about it? We all know you don't talk like that. You've been vice president for four years. He does not walk it like he talks to. She doesn't talk like this. when We get this done together, my friend, I know how to talk to you. I mean, come on. Well, I see testifying. Can I get a witness? And they know. We all know she's just a, a big walking bag of artifice. You Think you just fell out of a coconut tree?


Best rapper alive. Tupac, He's not alive. Are you kidding me? I'm totally part of that whole listening generation of music. She seems to come forth with some sort of an accent while she's talking to French Scientists. We campaign with the plan. Uppercase t uppercase p the plan. We're expected to defend the plan. What was that? But that was weird. Oh, the possibilities are immense. Whatever you want to do, you can do. I eat no for breakfast. We just were check, we You know. We had a live fact check to show. Because I gotta tell you, I totally missed that part.


I I'm like Justin, just to show I You know I'm not the biggest like pop culture guy anymore. I'm like, Tupac is dead, right? It was kinda like a big deal. Justin's like, he's very dead. Like he's been dead a long time. Like he was not just dead yesterday. Who's the greatest rapper? Tupac. He's dead. He's, I, I watched him in juice a couple weeks ago because I got juice and crazy juice. Many like I had told him, man, hanging up somebody. I seen that movie a thousand times. He was in that Tupac. He was in that that was released in 2019. 2019. No, 2019. The hell outta you. 2019 I. think it was in high school when that thing came out.


It was radio Raheem was in there, died in the nineties, I think. Yeah, he's dead. The woman's a fake here. You wanna see how fake, how fake do you have to be for the local CBS outlet? You know all of these national companies like CBS, they have local affiliates, You know You. see your local CBS news, they're all liberal. All of them. Even in red states, they're all liberal. How bad does it have to be for CBS to expose the fact that Kamala Harris, who's drawing folks, have you heard, you guys heard this? She's drawing huge crowds bigger than Trump. They're massive folks. The biggest crowds you've ever seen. Millions, billions folks.


Billions of people. It's amazing how they all, they're all trekking to see the new small M Messiah. Kamala Harris. Here's CBS. Like, ah, actually I think they're busting them in. This really happened. Take a look. Well Behind me. Hundreds of invited Harris supporters are leaving and boarding shuttle buses. This was a departure for Kamala Harris leaving tossup states to come to New Bus to the mid folks. Hundreds. Pretty soon it'll be tens. Listen to me. Absolutely positively. I know you're gonna hate me for saying this. I'm sorry. This is the one time I usually not usually almost always care. I can't care 'cause it's my obligation to win.


There will be no red wave talk I promise you we can lose this thing. I promise you we can lose this thing. Anyone telling you it's over, I'm telling you is lying. Something's gonna happen on election day. That's why bank your vote early. Me, Laura Trump, Donald Trump, we're all saying the same thing. Do you think, you think Donald Trump wants to lose bank? Your, I can't believe how many people online are falling for the psyop. No, no vote on election day. Okay, let's just be clear about this. Okay? The DHS put out a memo we have put on the show, probably no less than five times saying, Hey man, there could basically be a cyber attack on election day.


This is coming from the Biden team. Why do you think they're doing that? Please listen to me please for one of two reasons. Either the DHS for the first time in their Biden history is being honest and there's gonna be a cyber attack, which means vote early, right? Justin is my logic sound under say DHS is telling the truth. They could be, I doubt it, but they could. There'll be a cyber attack on election day. Okay? Then that means vote early. Option two is they're lying tactically because they wanna do something on election day and blame it on a cyber attack.


Which means what? Justin, you should still vote early. There's no scenario by which you voting early. You lose. But Dan, doesn't that give them more time to cheat folks if they're going to cheat and steal it? Do you really believe on election they get a tally live time? It doesn't take but five minutes to go, okay, we need more here. We need more there. This, they, they'll scam you. Either way, vote early. Trump is telling you to do it. I'm telling you to do it. I'm not even on the ballot. I'm not trying to win anything. It's Trump. It's not my race. I just wanna save the country.


Laura Trump, they're getting this data. They are going to f you over on election day, guaranteed. Get out and vote early. Please, please. This woman is fake. She is phony. We could absolutely lose this thing. Next comment. We'll, who is that L Flynn TV comment of the day? Can we get a little thingy for that? Like a little fireworks l Flynn tv in the chat? Next Kamala will claim it. Pac Doster vote. Well, I maybe if he was a Democrat, he could You know. I mean, You know their thing Democrats, right?


Vote early, vote often, dead or alive, don't really matter. We could lose, get out and vote early. At least you can track it. Please, I would not steer you wrong. I'm not backing away from this. You could send me a million videos by a million people. We tried to voting on election day and You know what? They almost stole it in 2016 and they 2020, you're gonna get kicked in. Here's your balls, right? Here's your ball. You're gonna get kicked in the nuts again. Kick me in the balls one more time. We already tried it and they stole it anyway, everybody said the same thing in 2020. Please listen to your brother Dan, why do you think I'm telling you this?


Here's another one on Kamala. This is great. It's gotten so bad on the immigration thing that even CNN had to call Kamala out. Now let me, let me tell you a time out to for a second, right? Red flags on the field everywhere under the hood for review. CNN is not calling Kamala Harris out on immigration here because they wanna hurt Kamala Harris or, or help Donald Trump, the left, the radical left that wants open borders. It's the quickest way for them to destroy the country. They're upset that Kamala Harris came out and pretended to be for a border wall. She's not, but she's pretending. That's the only reason CNN ran this clip is they're trying to remind Kamala, Hey, these left wingers are, can hurt you in this election And.


you understand that? Okay? That's the only reason I'm even playing this. This is not done to tell the truth or because CNN's doing actual journalism. But here's CNN calling her out on the border wall thing. Check this out Tonight. KFI investigates in a new report. You'll see first out front the K file team scoured Kamala Harris's tweets and statements going all the way back to 2017. And what they found was more than 50 instances of Harris slamming Trump's border wall. But now New Harris campaign ads actually showcase that very wall. Folks, when CNN is burying you, you always have to say motive first.


Why would CNN be burying Kamala Harris? Again, they're doing it because the radical left wingers need open borders. Open borders is their key to long-term political power. They write about it all the time. Just put in a search engine. If you doubt me, grandpa theory it, it's their thing. Just put in demographic destiny Democrats and click on a video tab and just watch them talk about it endlessly. They're the ones trying to pull Kamala Harris back to this leftist position. Here's another crazy Kamala Harris position again. Why are we doing this? Dan, why are you trying, or sorry, I'm just reading the chat.


I'd love re what you guys say because the debates tomorrow, and I'm trying to remind Americans and for you to send this around to your maybe persuadable independent or even moderate Democrat friends who were still on the fence. You may not like Trump, but this is who Kamala Harris is. Here's Kamala Harris on police officers in schools. We just had another tragic shooting in Georgia, a school shooting another tragedy. And what stopped this shooting? Or who said a rather heroic school resource officer who was armed? Police officers in schools who are armed or school resource officers are a good thing. They are only a bad thing. If you are an idiot, what do you think is going to stop someone with a gun from killing a kid in a school foul language?


Here's Kamala Harris. She wants to pull police officers outta schools a notice. She par the left wing talking point about militarizing schools, milit, my sch, the schools, my kids have a cop there, right there. No one's militarized anything. You dumb ass here. Check this out. And Also, again, what we need to do about taking demilitarizing, our, our schools and and taking police officers out of schools. We need to deal with the, the reality and speak the truth about the inequities around school discipline. We in particular, Michael, brings up a good point, is Kamala Harris.


Notice how she doesn't talk about a militarized secret service detail around her protecting her with, you guessed it. Yeah. Firearms so weird. How she doesn't do any of that either. Does Biden, when they're protected with guns, and by the way, a lot of them, that's a okay. That's who she is. Guys, can we save these for the debate tomorrow night too? 'cause I wanna hit a couple of these singers before the debate because this is who she is. So just to be clear again, president Trump, can you put that project 2025 thing up again is responsible for project 2025, even though it's not his thing, it's not even his campaign. And he is disavowed. And I'm not even telling you I love the Heritage Foundation.


I'm just telling you, the Trump team says these aren't our ideas or their ideas. If some of it may be good, some of 'em are bad. We got our own thing. It's not even his thing. They've denied any links and it's true. There's a, yet Kamala Harris gets to deny in the media Kamala Harris. No, no, that wasn't me. That was like other other kids. Here's Kamala Harris during the riots. Remember the George Floyd BLM build large mansions, Antifa, the anti First Amendment group. Remember there were riots in the streets, tearing down cities, burning businesses down, beating the shit outta people. There was a murder. Remember the chop zone? You like all that? You want more of that back? Here's Kamala Harris, who again loved it.


Matter of fact, she said they wouldn't stop and they shouldn't stop. You keep on burning them cities down. Don't listen to me. Listen to Kamala Harris. Check this out. That's right. But they're not gonna stop. They're not gonna stop. And that's, they're not, this is a movement. I'm telling you they're not gonna stop. And and everyone beware because they're not gonna stop. It is gonna, they're not gonna stop before election day in November and they're not gonna stop after election day. And that should be, everyone should take note of that on both levels that this is, they're not gonna let up and they should not. And we should. He brought up a good point, Justin. Not only was she for these people, quote, not stopping, she, she was part of that Minnesota Freedom Fund advertising them that bailed people outta jail.


So if you're in Minnesota, where I hear she may be up by a few points, how is she up your state and cities burn and she bailed people outta jail to burn your businesses down. That's a fact. Why Donald Trump offered the National Guard. Well, what about her economic plan? What you mean the one now that caused mass inflation real wages to drop and a general economic malaise? No, she's running away from that one pretending she's not part of the Biden Harris administration. She's like, that's another Harris. That's a, that's, that's not me. That's other kids. Yeah, but it looks like You know none. It's other kids. So for a minute, pretending she's not part of the current administration that kicked you in the nuts again and stole money outta your wallet and is your job is suffering and your business is suffering.


Assuming she gets to detach herself from what she did. Now she's like, no, no, I'm running on change from myself and I'm gonna implement this capital gains plan. I don't wanna get into the large You know detailed economic ramifications of it. I'm just gonna tell you this. An unrealized tax is probably the dumbest idea in economic history. You would have to pay taxes on assets you have that you have not sold. You got a pension fund, you've got a stock that you already bought with money you already paid taxes on. How about you get taxed on that? Even if you don't sell it? How bad does it have to be when Mark Cuban, who is not a smart guy at all, he's not, this guy is like one of those stupid smart people.


But Mark Cuban, who's a Kamala Harris supporter and C-N-B-C-C-N-B-C, not known as some right wing outlet. Here's Mark Cuban and CNBC telling you Kamala Harris will absolutely decimate and destroy the stock market. Don't listen to me, listen to them. Well, Of course, but okay, so what I told 'em was, if if you tax unrealized gains, you're going to kill the the stock market, right? And it's gonna be the ultimate employment plan for private equity because companies are not gonna go public because you can get whip side, right? I mean, my own personal experience back from the internet days, right? All of a sudden I was cash poor, but equity rich, right? My, my net worth was enormous, but the nu number of dollars in the bank wasn't enormous.


And so I'd have, based off of the, the, all the unrealized gains, I would've had to borrow money. And I effectively would've been in hock just to pay my tax bill instead of trying to run my company and a thousand other reasons, right? So they realized that's the issue. They, and they're doing it anyway. He just admitted Mark Cuban, who's a Kamala Harris supporter vocally, that if her plan that she's telling you she wants to tax unrealized gain stocks, you have never sold art, you've never sold, possibly home equity, you've never cashed in on that, it will bury the real estate market and the stock market will all go broke.


And yet they're still ready. They're still moving forward with it. But he's telling you, don't worry behind the scenes, trust him behind the scenes. They may not be moving forward with it. I I, I'm, forgive me, I'm not trusting anyone. I said to you at the beginning of the show, when Dick and Liz Cheney, mark Cuban, Adam Kinzinger, the Romney crew, the Bush crew, Joe Biden, and the Obamas and Clintons all agree on a candidate vote for anyone but that candidate. And you're probably gonna be okay. I, I don't know what else you need to hear. Again, we will be providing special debate coverage regular show tomorrow.


Don't sweat it. We will definitely be here at 11:00 AM Don't worry, we will not have a show on Thursday. I gotta fly back from Tulsa. Very sorry. I'm doing that event with Tucker. It's just a logistics thing. However, regular shows the whole week, but Thursday extra show tomorrow during the debate. Watch it here, nowhere else. 8 45 Eastern time. We'll be starting 15 minutes early. We'll be covering it. We'll be reacting. Avid And, I will do our best not to talk over people, but well, we will give you some commentary. We'll give you some post. It'll be a great time. Please follow us on Rumble if you wanna watch on your computer. I saw someone. How do I watch Dan? Bonino? I haven't seen him in a while. rumble.com/ Bonino. Just follow. We are the largest live stream in the world.


We deeply appreciate it. Or you can just download the Rumble app. It's free. If you don't wanna watch ads, sign up for Rumble Premium, but rumble.com/ Bonino is absolutely free. Also, if you wouldn't mind giving us a follow on Apple Podcasts and Spotify's podcast app, we deeply appreciate as well. Just look for the Dan Bongino Show. See you on the radio show here in a few minutes on Rumble. Back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM See you then. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.