
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Folks Obviously a ton to talk about as the news is coming at us Fire host style and we're trying to drink it. First off, again, keeping your thoughts and in the power of your prayers. The folks in North Carolina, Tennessee, Florida, Georgia, they got banged up really good with this storm and I just want you to keep in mind optics and leadership matters that Democrats in the media decided a long time ago that they were gonna politicize the optics of leadership every time there's a natural disaster and now they're starting to learn When you do that, that we start to pay attention to.


And Kamala Harris on her phone without the thing plugged in the phone pretending to talk to people and handling this storm is definitely not the optics they needed right now. The only question now is, is this her Katrina moment? And it certainly looks to me like it is Folks big show today. Lot happened yesterday.


You know, I can't sleep without my Beam Dream powder. They have an exclusive discount for my listeners up to 45% off visit shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino


I got that and just a rest in peace to Pete Rose and De Kembe Mutombo Pete, obviously not a a perfect human being. I I, I know that, but man's accomplishments were incredible and the pre steroid era and Dikembe Mutombo was a really amazing NBA player. I heard he was an incredibly nice guy too. Had brain cancer. I don't know what killed Pete Rose, but be remiss if I didn't mention that today, folks, not every figure in our history sports or otherwise is gonna be perfect, but you know, some people do amazing things and they're not all, you know, not everyone's got a clean moral cv, if you know what I mean. By the way this guy included.


Hey, the Federal Reserve has dropped interest rates, so you need to call my friends at American Financing today with mortgage rates in the four. Four is now's the perfect time to consolidate debt and reduce your monthly expenses. A lot of us have been forced to use credit cards 'cause of the ridiculous prices, the grocery store, the gas pump, and even childcare. But that's really expensive with credit card rates being as insanely high. But with mortgage rates dropping, now is the time to wipe that debt out. American financing is helping homeowners just like you save an average of about $800 a month. They're even closing some as fastest as 10 days. And if you start today, you may delay two mortgage payments. There are no upfront fees. To find out how much you can save, call American financing today at (888) 994-7660. That's 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60. The website is at.net address american financing.net. Check 'em out NMLS 1 2 3 2 4 N mls consumer access.org APR for rates in the fours such as a PR 0.5 0.672% for well qualified borrow borrowers called 8 8 8 9 9 4 76 60 for details about credit costs and terms. Thanks American Finance.


Alright fellas, let's get this show started. Now it's the most important part of the show right now. I know I don't need to say pay attention, it's condescending and it sounds ridiculous, but in case you're doing something else, if you're not holding small children dealing with sharp weapons, heavy machinery and need to stop what you're doing right now and pay really close attention, there are still a small number, but they're not nonexistent. And I, understand your concerns of people out there who've told me and Justin and Michael and gee, stop telling people to vote early. You're crazy. That's a big mistake really. So I, I've said And, I need to make my case over and over that now, me, Donald Trump, Scott Presler and just about every significant Republican conservative MAGA activist you trust is saying please vote early.


Do you see after yesterday why I am telling you to vote early. I don't know what more evidence you need that they are getting ready to that triple barrel. Let's, we got it. I'm sorry we haven't had the triple in a long time. The trifecta don don't know what more evidence you need that the triple barrel's coming your way folks, do you really think you're being told the entire story on the Verizon outage yesterday? Oh shit, what happened with Verizon? Did you not hear Verizon had a mysterious breakdown in service where people were seemingly disconnected from the cell network and getting the SOS signal on the bars that you get like when you're up in an airplane, if you try to go off airplane mode, you haven't heard much about it, have you?


Weird, right? Have we haven't heard anything about that? I'm just gonna throw this question out there for you and I'm gonna ask you again. 'cause some people go, well they can cheat on election day. You know how else they can cheat on election day by saying go F yourself. There is no election day because the cell network's down and we can't transmit our data and your vote's not even gonna matter. Folks, the Department of Homeland Security, you know what guys, we gotta put this in an evergreen file, not me. The memo, the Department of Homeland Security memo, the corrupt Department of Homeland Security, has already put out a warning that there could be a major internet attack on election day.


There were only two reasons the corrupt Department of Homeland Security would do this. Number one, they're telling the truth, which I doubt, but it's possible. So if there's gonna be A-D-D-O-S internet attack on election day, then you better vote early or you're not gonna vote. Number two, they're lying because they're part of an internet attack on election day and they wanna blame it on someone else. Either way you should be Voting on election day. Folks, I don't know what happened with Verizon yesterday, but I know this, they have incredibly quiet about it. Nobody's saying jack shit about the cell network being wiped out. And I'm just gonna throw the question out there.


34 days are we now before election day? You don't think that's kind of weird that that couldn't be some dry run by some foreign government or maybe not maybe some swampy actor to take down the cell network on election days. How do they, how do you think they're gonna transmit the data folks pay attention to what's going on. I don't mean to sound like a dick because that's not my goal, okay? I'm telling you as a friend, I got no skin in the game at all. I got none. Zero. Outside of my activism and passionate, I'm passion for conservative ideology. I'm not running for office.


I don't benefit from people running for office. Have you seen a single campaign ad on this show that we do a live read for? We get offers for them. Have we folks in the chat? No, you have not. Do you know how many people reach out and ask us if we can run ads and things like that? We don't do it. It's because we don't wanna be perceived as being in hock to folks. Okay? We wanna be objective about stuff. I've got no skin in the damn game. You've got a port strike now that is about to f up the American economy like you haven't seen since Covid. You've got a major hurricane blast right through the southeast of the country.


Takes out an entire western portion of North Carolina and the eastern portion of Tennessee, Georgia, and Florida. You've got entire towns wiped out. You've got Verizon, like, holy shit, A good chunk of the country has no cell service. What happened? I don't know man. There is going to be a massive election day surprise. I, I don't know what I don't know to all the people out there who doubt me. I don't know what else you need to be told Brett, do we have the presler tweet from yesterday? Sorry to throw the show up, guys pull, press this pre Scott Pressler who I've had on my show many times. Can we all agree? Like this guy is just all about winning.


He's in Pennsylvania, all this kid does for 12 hours a day. Not kid, he's a young man, but he's probably a man. Man, I'm, I'm so old. Everybody seems young at this point. All he does is register voters. He's telling you look and the same thing I'm telling you and Trump's telling you they are planning to mess with you on election day. They're not gonna do it everywhere, but they're gonna do it in places that matter. Presler has this list on his tweet of they, they've already done this before, they've already done this before. Maricopa County, Arizona with they mysteriously what ran out of paper in ink for printers like you didn't know there was an election. Look in 2022, Arizona machines had printing errors on election day.


Lucerne County, Pennsylvania. Conveniently folks ran outta paper on election day on 2022 it snowed Nevada on election day. It takes 12 hours to disrupt an election. He is a pressler is a hundred percent correct. If they are going to cheat, they're going to do it on election day. Whether you vote early, whether you vote by mail, it doesn't matter. It's not even a confounding variable. 'cause if they're gonna cheat, they're gonna cheat. They'll find a way. I would rather be able to track my vote early and know it got in. Look at all these poor folks in North Carolina who are now gonna, you think they're thinking about Voting, think about surviving. They don't even have water. You, you blame 'em. Voting, they can't, there's no water to drink.


Can't even flush a damn toilet pole. They have no food please, in the name of everything that's holy. Get out there and the second early Voting opens up, get out there and vote here. I wanna see, I I I know I'm guys, am I beating us stink to death? I, I can't even get folks, we gotta win no more fucking around. Pardon my language. We gotta win. We gotta win. If we lose to this freaking communist, the whole thing is done. It'll take us 20 years to get our country back. For those of you who doubt me, look at the numbers in Virginia. Virginia, early voting's going on. Now the Republicans have swamped it. The numbers are already publicly reported. They can't go back and make the numbers change.


The numbers have already been reported. People are rep, they have the numbers. If they're gonna scam, they're gonna scam. At least now we can track it and we would see something's wrong. Hey, last week You guys reported a hundred thousand Republican votes. Now you report 95. How did that happen? I'm sorry if I'm driving you crazy. I we just can't lose man and they're going to cheat on election day. I'm sure of it. The question is to what degree and can we overwhelm it? I think we can. There even folks you can tell here's political playbook this morning. October 1st, correct?


Look at the date. October 1st, 2024 Democrats are now suing to block Georgia's hand counted ballots. Rule Democrat, keep that up for a second. Why the hell would Democrats not want hand counted ballots? Because they wanna cheat. Is there any other reason why you wouldn't wanna double check and hand count a ballot? Here's another one in New Hampshire, the A CLU and other groups obviously left wingers sued over a law requiring proof of citizenship to register to vote. Why would you sue over a law for citizenship to register? Because you want non-citizens to register. Is any of this outside of the Occam's razor? Keep it simple. Stupid razor. No it isn't.


They're going to cheat. Make it hard on them by swamping this thing so badly that they panic on election day and when they panic they get sloppy and if we can overwhelm it, they're not gonna be able to scam to the degree if we overwhelm them outside of the margin of cheating. Folks. I just wanna win man. I just wanna win. That's all I want. I promise you I promise you I have no skin in the game. I've read every single critique of early Voting. Some are compelling but they don't overwhelm what they could do and have done on election day. We had water pipes break in ge water pipes in Georgia do You guys, You guys, remember 2020, right?


Philadelphia, all the counting stops you act like if you vote on election day, like they haven't cheated in the past too. My critics not you again, don don't mean to sound like an asshole. They're gonna cheat. Make it hard on them. Make it really hard on them because if there's an internet outage on election day, you're gonna ru the day. You didn't take my advice. We got one shot here and that's it folks. They're starting to really panic now. They're really freaking out the media and the left senses, they've got a real problem. And I wanna nail it down to two specific things I'm gonna get to during the today's show's gonna be really important.


The media's freaked out about a lot of stuff over the Harris Tampon Tim campaign, but there are two things freaking 'em out the most. Number one is Pennsylvania. Number two is the minority vote. I promise you talk to anyone in the left wing media, put a couple tequila shots in them, of course willingly and they'll tell you what I'm telling you. They all worried about Pennsylvania first 'cause they lose Pennsylvania in 19 electoral college votes. There's no math for Kamala to win and they're worried about the minority vote as well. Hispanic voters, Jewish voters, black voters, they are freaking out. That is why they're so eager to silence us I just want to throw this out there quick as a big thank you to You guys to show you the Bongino Army is now absolutely taking over political media.


Even the New York Times is freaking out about the Bonino Army right now. Salute to the Bonino army love You guys, New York Times. Not just fun and games anymore. Politics edges deeper into live streaming. Oh look at that. The most watched political commentator during September's presidential debate was Dan Bonino. I know that guy really well. He drew about 349,000 concurrent live viewers to rumble a popular platform amongst conservatives. You're damn right. Notice this one folks. How much it must have killed the New York Times to have to write this more people watch Bonino Stream the debate on Rumble than watch the Wall Street Journal, Fox News, cspan or CNN stream the debate on their own YouTube channels.


Holy shit, we have just taken over brothers and sisters. The Bonino Army is real billion dollar media companies. Can't keep up with my Michael, you're a math guy. What do you think the dimensions of this room are? Say it was a rectangle. I know it's not a perfect one. You're a really smart math guy. 30 by 12, 30 by 12, maybe 30. I'll say 28.6. That's this is this is the room you're, you're seeing about 20 by two of it right there. That's the whole room. The studio will be moving in soon, but this, the whole room billion dollar companies cannot keep up with us. They are freaking out. 'cause we own the joint now. Now use can't leave. If you've ever seen a Bronx Tale now you can't leave use.


We run the joint now. We run the joint now, yes, Justin's like you're ever gonna get to the actual show you gave us. I will. I probably, we haven't even got to the opening of the show yet. This is a new opening now you know, by the way, now you know what the most devastating story of the election cycle by far is Border Czar Kamala Harris overseeing T 13,000 illegals in the United States who are convicted murderers. 15,000 sex offenders and 400,000 criminal convicts in the United States illegally while border are Kamala Harris is still in charge.


It is by far the most destructive story of the news cycle. It is outside of transgender surgeries for prisoners paid for by taxpayer dollars, which Kamala Harris supports. I'm telling you, this is the most devastating story of the cycle. And now you absolutely know the story's accurate. How the worst press secretary in the history of the United States, Corrine Jean Pierre, in a desperate effort, bumbling and stumbling by the way, not even using proper English at any point in this response you'll see yourself here she is bumbling and stumbling through the story, responding to a question about it by Peter Ducey and citing, yes, you guessed it.


Communist fact checkers. Now you know the story's true. Check this out. 13,000 people who have been convicted of murder cross the border illegally and are living among us. So how much danger are you as communities in right now because Of this? So I'm assuming you're talking about the ice data. Yes. So just a couple of things. And I think it's important to, to correct the record here. First of all, the false, the the, the false representation of the data I shared. So that was what we are seeing. False representation, I gotta call that out. We gotta call that out. And it's been fact checked by some of your colleagues here by multiple, multiple, multiple outlets that has been debunked on what has been falsely misrepresented or mis misrepresented here.


So we have to call that out. Kare Jean Pierre. At no point during that delusional rambling, incoherent word salad of a response, even using anything remotely close to the proper use of the English language. Words stumbles through the entire thing and hilariously cites left wing fact checkers who, when left wing fact checkers tell you something's false. What is it? What does that tell you? Yes, you are correct. It means the story's now 100% true. They are freaking out. Expect this by the way, to come up immigration in some way in the debate tonight. If you're expecting, by the way, any form of a fair of debate given that it's communist CBS, that's a joke.


I'm just gonna tell you this. Don't set expectations high or low. Go into it with an open mind. Tim Walls is already trying to set expectations low for the VP Day debate tonight. Tim's running scare Tim Walls will be just fine. JD Vance's gonna have to debate three people. Again, CBS is the most disgusting mainstream media outlet of them all. That's the home of sir from 60 Mr. It's the home of sir in 60 minutes. You can expect absolutely nothing from him. However, JD Vance is smarter than tampon, Tim and the two debaters, he'll be fine. I just wanna show you a quick sneak preview, a hat tip, a bad ombre on, on x.


I saw this clip. This was JD Vance absolutely destroying Tim Ryan the last time he debated in his race for the US Senate. JD will be a okay, don't set expectations too high, too low. He will be just fine. We're gonna cover it tomorrow too, afterwards. But here, check this out. He's Raising money for the Insurrectionists who are beating up the Capitol police. The one guy he tried to raise money for got four years in prison. This is ridiculous. I'm not taking a backseat to you. I brought $500 million back to fund police in Ohio. So I, you know, I've, I've got a, I've got three little kids including a 2-year-old and one of the things that's true of toddlers and is also apparently true of career politicians is that they accuse you of doing the very thing that they do themselves all the time.


Did you not say at the height, at the height, Tim, of the BLM riots. I've condemned political violence whether it comes from the left or the right, you raised money. But at the height of the BLM riots where they were rioting and looting and burning down America cities, Ohio cities and small towns, Tim Ryan threw the police under the bus. He attacked them as the new Jim Crow as systemically racist and he voted for legislation that would've stripped funding from them and redirected it towards litigation defense. This is another example of Tim Ryan talking about what he would like to do. Tim, you don't sound too bad. If you actually tried to do the things you talk about wanting to do, you wouldn't be half bad. The problem is you got 20 years and you failed to do any of it.


Alright? You I, The light at the end is an instant classic. You know, Tim, you don't sound too bad. If you actually did any of that stuff, you wouldn't be too bad. The problem is you're full of shit. Just like you know kids who lie about stuff. All that. Then folks, that has gotta be one of the best debate lines I've ever heard. JD is gonna be fine. I'll have the highlights tomorrow. We're gonna be doing live coverage tonight 'cause we've got a busy planning schedule coming up. We've got the October 9th live stream at 9:30 AM am Eastern Time with Donald Trump. Gonna be the biggest live stream event of the year.


We've also got election night we'll be making an announcement about election night. What we'll be doing after the, the Trump, the Trump interview on October 9th on livestream folks, JD will be fine. We'll cover it tomorrow. Don't forget that livestream or President Trump, October 9th, 9:30 AM we're gonna be doing it live from Mar-a-Lago. Please don't miss it. Tell all your friends to be there. It's gonna be a different kind of interview folks. It's that time of the election cycle. We gotta start doing different stuff. We can't ask the same questions over and over again. Everybody does that. Alright, here's what I'm gonna get to next. I'm gonna lay out for you in advance exactly what's gonna happen in this debate tonight. Tim Walls, I've been told has been given explicit instructions.


You don't need to win this debate, just don't lose it. And he has been told to follow the Kamala Harris strategy, which is what anyone in the chat, yes, you are correct. How do I know that? 'cause I can read your minds kind of. Don't say shit. Do not answer anything. I got the receipts coming up for you next because I say stuff, I back it up. Unlike Kamala Harris, hey, many Americans are tired and frustrated by a stolen economy, inflation, endless wars, and the relentless assault on our values.


Thankfully, this company's like Patriot. Mobile I still believe in America and our rights. I'm proud to partner with Patriot. Mobile have for years. Why? Because we're on the front lines fighting for our rights. Our military, our veterans fighting for life. Second Amendment, take a stand for conservative causes. Put America first and switch to Patriot Mobile Today you get the same nationwide coverage as the big providers. You know why Patriot Mobile operates across all three major networks. They back their service with a coverage guarantee. Their 100% US based customer service team will find the best plan for your needs. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot right now. Get a free month when you sign up and use the offer code. Dan, don't be fooled by other providers pretending to share your values of the same coverage. They don't and they can't. So join me and switch to America's only Christian conservative mobile provider, Patriot Mobile. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month of service today. Thanks Patriot. Mobile.


Here's what I'm talking about. The instructions have gone out. Trust your boy Dan. There's a reason we're number one in live streaming. There's a reason where you're home for conservative news right now, and the reason is we never bullshit you and we always back it up. Explicit instructions have gone out to Kamala Harris and Walls from their focus groups and their campaign teams do not say anything of substance at all. Because if you tell the American people who you are and what you wanna do, they will be repulsed. Sex changes for prisoners, government takeover of healthcare, evaporation of private insurance plans. None of this is gonna go over well. So they've been told to shut up. Here's what I mean. Here's Kamala Harris walking on the plane yesterday, right?


Comrade Kamala is in the middle of this huge crisis. She's the vice president. While portions of the country have drowned, hundreds of people are missing. Over a hundred are dead. There are communities wiped out in critical, critical states for our country, for our national identity. You think she'd have something to say about it? She gave some scripted bullshit over it though. At FEMA office. She read off the paper, walked through. Here she is answering questions. No, no guys, one. She answers question. It's the wrong one. This, You could wait. This isn't the way, it's the way this, you know, listen, I, you can't really work with without good staff.


Staff is clearly incompetent. I just said to you the one now Justin's informing me that, oh, this is okay. Justin said, this is definitely the one you sent. I'm sorry folks. She didn't answer right? She waved. She should have just given everyone the middle finger like Tim Walls did in Michigan. There she is, up on the plane, got the glasses on, don't bother asking me about the hundreds of people missing in the entire, there she goes. Yeah. One more thing. You sure on me? This is the fifth time on Loop midway. Let go woman. The next time she'll answer the question. This is just, you know this. These are all different. These are all different. This is not actually a loop. This is the one from, yes. Here we go. She stop. Okay. She's still whipping everyone off, giving you essentially the middle finger walking up on the Air Force too.


There you go. She had the opportunity to show some leadership. Again, we were told by the left wing media after Katrina that optics mattered. Correct? That George W. Bush was, Satan was like the devil was had 6, 6, 6. And his scalp and his middle name was Damian because George W. Bush, despite what the democrat, governor and mayor of New Orleans didn't do to help their own citizens, that George W. Bush, well I'm no Bush guy either, but George WI think, you know, that was the only one responsible and the optics were bad. Flew over and he looked down. She didn't even fly over. She got on a plane and pretended to talk.


Oh, hold on a sec. This could be, I have, oh, this is great. Hold on. Don't even go if you're missing this. Tune into Rumble. So you wonder what all this crap is in here? It's a bunch of stuff we have from like here. Wait, here we go. Eventually this will come out. Yes. Look at this. I got it. I got it. Let's be Kamala Harris. You. guys down for this. Take this out for a second, Victor. Sure. Okay, here's Kamala.


Here's Kamala. Hello. Hello. Just pretend you're talking to, oh governor, it's so good to talk to you. What's going on down there? Well, we, we have hundreds of people missing. We have hundreds. There's been a massive flood down. There's a huge crisis. Town's have been wiped out. That's you call talking Kamala. That's not the governor. Just pretend Kamala, we took the picture. Hold on. Did you plug, plug the thing. Wait, Kamala, that, that may be an iPhone. It's just the wrong plug. This is Kamala Harris. This is where she's, she doesn't even have the freaking thing plugged in. Hello Governor. Hello. There it is. There's the picture right there. Ladies and gentlemen, let's put here. I'm talking to Kamala Harris. It's like she's talking to governor. Hey madam, vice president.


You think it would be a good idea as the second most powerful executive in the country to maybe do a little bit more than fake a phone call and write on an empty here. Here's the writing. You wanna do this again? Here's, she's writing on an empty piece of paper here, let me do Kamala Harris, I'm gonna, I'm gonna take some notes, folks, here we go here. The drinks aren't even plugged in. Wanna see my note? Here you go. It says notes. There's my note that's, I thought about it. Believe me. What you Do at four 30 when you want to go home.


That's Kamala Harris. There you go. There's your vice president folks. That's right. That's what you do at four 30 when you want to go home. You're right. That's Kamala Harris. We were told optics matter, plug the freaking headphones in next time, Madam Vice president and maybe stop and answer a question and stop pretending you're talking to people on the phone. It is why also, she won't give a freaking answer about anything and answers every question she's asked with the, you know, why I was raised in a middle class fa She was not raised in a middle class family folks.


By the way, this drawer Is a mess. You gotta see this thing. You probably wonder what the hell. We got extra things here. My daughter gave me this thing. Extra things here. These are some nitroglycerin tablets or nitro. These are some oil absorbing sheets for your face. You got the forearm exercise machine here. Some pen stuff. Sorry, you probably can't hear anything with me off the mic. The woman is incompetent. She can't answer a damn question ever. She appears on a podcast yesterday. You know why? Because Trump is kicking her butt on live streaming and most of the kids right now, note to cable news companies like CNN, most young men and women, basically anyone from 25 or or younger, they're not watching cable news folks.


They're watching streaming. So Kamala Harris decided to go on a podcast yesterday and she's like, Hey man, listen, I'm gonna start reaching out. I'm gonna take the Donald Trump approach. I want you to listen to the answer yet again. To the question about what she's gonna do about the economy. The instructions went out, don't say shit and falsely tell people you were, you lived in a middle class family, a middle class neighborhood. We lived in a fufu area. Check this out. Show To a whole entire company. What is your kind of your economic plan moving forward for people who are living paycheck to paycheck? Yeah. And, and struggling for groceries and, and, and rent and, and homeowners. So look, I grew up, so my si my sister And I were raised by our mother.


We lived for a long time on, in an apartment on top of a, a childcare center. She can't answer a question. She can't answer a question. I'm gonna play one more and I'm gonna take a break for you. I'm gonna show you a little, a piece of video from CNN I'm telling you, this is the debate strategy tonight. You don't have to listen to me. I always bring the receipts. Here's CNN saying what I'm telling you that walls has been told. Don't say shit tonight no matter what. Whatever you are asked, just it refract the light and move in a different direction.


This is their entire strategy from this point out. Check this out. Even last week I was in New York at a fundraiser that Tim Walls was doing at an apartment there, and he said, after I left the room, I heard he said to someone who asked, has debate prep going, he said, look, you know, I was trained as a teacher. As a teacher we're told, trained to answer the questions we tell our students to answer the questions. That's not what this is. So Wall's really trying to fit himself into this somewhat awkward always thing of a nationally televised debate. He's not, he's not gonna say anything. I would expect every single answer to be a, a misdirection from the question posed.


And CBSI promise will cover for them and they will fact check tonight, which means they're gonna lie. And JD Vance will wind up debating three people. Folks, they are really priding themselves on ignoring you. They don't care. I've got more receipts coming up. Mayor Orcas is asked about this crisis going on with this major flood and people being wiped out. If this answer doesn't infuriate you, I'm sorry you're not paying attention. And the dumbest cabinet member we've seen in modern US history, who's a surrogate for Harris, who is another absolute no-no Gina Raimondo with again, one of the dumbest answers you've heard all year. But I'm gonna remind you again before the break the porch strike the hurricane Verizon, the outage yesterday.


Make sure you're Voting early, execute and bring 10 people. Quick break


here. If you wanna energize your brand Lands End Outfitters will partner with you to provide clothing that unites your team and make sure your brand stands out. Land's End provides quality apparel featuring your logo and colors all designed by their expert Outfitters. And with decades of outfitting experience, land's End Outfitters provides a seamless solution so you can focus on your business for more than 30 years. Some of the world's top brands have relied on Lands and outfitters to outfit thousands of employees. They design branded apparel. People wanna wear that, fit everybody and deliver confidence. Land's End Outfitters is the leading online supplier of branded apparel, whatever your business, they'll create products tailored to your needs and with Land's End, every business is treated like a VIP. Whether you have five employees or 500 CY thousands of brands count on Lanzen Outfitters. Go to business.lanzen.com/bonino and Use code bonino for 20% off your order. That's business.business.lanzen.com/bonino. Use promo code BONINO for 20% off your order. Thanks to LAN End


and our last sponsor today. Tax Network USA student loan forgiveness, hands out, hands outs and free everything. Seems like everyone's getting a free pass except you, you've been an honest tax paying citizen forever. But when Covid and Tough Times happened, you fell behind with unfiled tax returns instead of forgiveness. The IRS is hiring thousands of new enforcement agents to hammer you.


But listen, it's risky to call the IRS yourself. Check out Tax Network USA. Their aggressive strategies are designed to help solve your IRS problems quickly and in your favor. They have preferred direct lines to the IRS. They know which agents to work with and which to avoid. Tax Network. USA specializes in helping to reduce or eliminate your tax debt. They've helped resolve over 1 billion in tax debts for their clients. Some of these tax solutions expire. You don't wanna wait on this Tax Network. USA is owned by fellow Patriots and they're giving you a free consultation. Call 1 809 5 8 1000. That's 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit TN usa.com/dan tn for tax network tn usa.com/dan. Thanks. We tax Network usa. We appreciate it.


All right, back to the show. They pride themselves on not telling you squad folks, all you have to do is listen to them. I'm here to gather the information for you. Here is leading surrogate for Kamala Harris and the Biden Commerce secretary right now. Gina Raimondo, if you remember just what was it two weeks ago, said she didn't know what the Bureau of Labor and Statistics was. She was unaware of it. Here she is. There's a major port strike that is basically gonna shut down the American economy right now as all these goods are gonna be locked up from actually docking in a port. Here's Gina Raimondo. She's like, you know what, I'm not really focused on that right now. I mean, why would you be focused on that? You are only the freaking commerce secretary, you know, commerce trade. Why would you be focused on that?


Watch this. Where Where have you been kind of focused and hearing on what would happen if the strike goes, let's say longer than a week? Again, I I have not been very focused on that. You, you're probably saying to yourself right now, there's no way she said that fellas. Did she say it? We did not manipulate this in any way, folks. This woman is clueless. She is just a a I mean she is a one woman soundbite for the Republican party. What about the BLS numbers? Bureau of Labor Statistics showing that the Biden job numbers have been revised down. I'm not really familiar with the bl you're not really familiar with them.


You are the freaking commerce secretary. You understand this is a surrogate for Kamala Harris probably handpicked by her. They are priding themselves on telling you nothing. You know what? I was in a middle class family growing up. We get it. You've said that you've told us a thousand times you were not actually a middle class family, but whatevs. Can you answer a question? Here's another one. Myorca has asked a question about these disastrous floods, which happened. They are tragic. They have wiped out entire towns. You would think this guy for a second would avoid the whole global warming hysteria bullshit. We've been told that a OC and John Kerry and Al Gore and these other goons who profit, by the way, off of a lot of this bullshit, Nope.


Here's my orca. I want you to listen to the end of this. Given the opportunity to answer the question as to why his government sucks so bad at getting people help over there pivots immediately to the global warming hoax. Check this out. Is This a systemic problem? Is this something that is going to be more and more normal as we see more and more devastating storms? What do you say to people who are desperate to find out whether people they love are still alive? I well understand the concerns expressed. These are people in the midst of a tragic hurricane. That is precisely why we and others have been deploying communications resources to ensure that communication is reinstated as quickly as possible.


The reality is that the severity and frequency of extreme weather events are only increasing. Folks. They do this on purpose. I I want you to understand, you should be proud of yourself. Chin up, chest out, shoulder blades back. Be proud of yourself that you were not a moron like these Democrats. I wanna, I I, I'll show you what I mean here coming up in a second. They don't vote for anything of substance at all. They vote on fields and Hopi changey and who gives them the sads and who doesn't? These, the, the, we're talking about a, a group of people who act like infants.


Like if you give them like a lollipop, one of the dumb dumbs from the dentist office after their appointment for a cleaning, they're like, thanks ma. They don't actually think anything through. And they're proud of that. Here is an, an actress who wa is a big like Kamala Harris Democrat fan. You ever heard of Julia Louie Dreyfuss? Or what was she Chewy dry food This morning I left. I leave these guys a voicemail and Justin, who's I guess showing his age a little bit very, has no idea who Chewy Fu is. He's like, who's Chewy? I said, chewy, chewy, chewy. And with Chewy. I'm like, like Chewbacca, who's chewy? And then gee's like, you mean Julia Louie Dreyfus. You never heard of her.


She was in Seinfeld. Okay, here she is bragging about how she just is Voting for the person who gives her basically good feels. But she doesn't actually know anything about the issues. This is who they are and you are not them. Chest out, chin up. Check this out. Yeah, You know, I'm not, I'm not a politician, I'm not an expert on various issues that we're up against today, but I do know I do feel strongly about who our leaders should be as an American citizen. And And I would really like it if the discourse could become kinder and more effective.


And I think that that will be the case with Kamala Harris and Tim Walls in office. And because I think they are people who are for the people, they, They, what does that mean? Kamala Harris doesn't give a shit about you at all. She is unleashed murderers, sex offenders, convicted criminals, fentanyl traffickers, si child sex traffickers. She's the actual border czar. Biden gave her the most important job control the national security of the United States by not allowing evil doers into the country.


And what happened? We now have 13,000 convicted murderers in the country, illegally on the non detained docket while she's the border czar. But Julia, Louie Dreyfus, or as Justin would, chewy, chewy, Dr. Chewy, Dr. He's come by. Justin's claiming, by the way, it's my voicemail that which he's could be, I'm sure that people in my house yesterday. So if you wanna snip the voicemail folks, what do you think for tomorrow's show? Do you wanna hear why Justin thought her name was Chewy Dreyfus? We'll play part of the voice, but Justin, cut that for tomorrow. Okay, we, because we'll let him off the hook. She's not Voting for anything. She's like, Donald Trump gives me the sads and the other ones are for the people.


She has no idea what that even means. Now contrast that with Donald Trump. Who again, you may not like the guy's tweets fine. You don't like the guy's attitude. Whatever. I don't really care. I'm not trying to marry the guy. I got my own issues. Okay? I just wanna elect the guy to vote, run for president. 'cause I know his four year record is better than these numb nuts in the White House. Now here he is down there in Georgia yesterday showing up and he's like, Hey, I'm talking to Elon trying to work out some starlink connection while Kamala Harris is on the phone with her freaking headphones that aren't even connected to the phone. Check this out. Robes, hospitals, highways and cars have been plunged underwater. Entire neighborhoods have been turned into lakes.


Nobody's seen anything like it. And to every family that's been displaced here in Georgia and North Carolina, who's, which has really been hit. We were going there also. And they don't have communication. They don't have anything right now that they're, we're trying to I just spoke to Elon. I'm getting him. I want, we want to get star link hooked up because they have no communication whatsoever. And Elon, Elon will always come through and we know that Trump's not even president right now and he's clearly doing more to bring attention to the issue of these people struggling if they're still alive. People died down there. Then the president, the vice president, the president was on the beach, sunning his nuts again, Kamala Harris was out at a fundraiser, some ffo fundraiser.


Who was she with? Was it with Demi Lovato or some of these other people that I see? It was like some big foo list of Hollywood entertainers. That's what she was doing. While people were dying, she didn't know there was gonna be a major hurricane called Helene. Did she miss it? Justin, you live in Florida. How long did you know about Helene? Like a week. You have enough time? A, a week. Let's be generous. Say two days. Yeah. What, what the hell was she doing? The answer is screwing around. What she always does, folks, I'm telling you, the red line desperation right now is real. Your boy always brings the receipts here.


don. Don't leave shit on the table without backing it up. The Democrats are freaked out about two things more than anything. If they lose Pennsylvania and lose 20% of the black vote and 40, 42, 40 3% of the Hispanic vote, 25, 30% of the Jewish vote, the race is over. It doesn't matter what happens anywhere else. It doesn't ma there is no math. I wanna play this clip. This is M-S-N-B-C. Again, I always bring you some lefty stuff so I can't be accused of bias. don don't want anyone getting excited.


No red, red wave bullshit. Execute. Bring 10 people, period. However, don't get down in the dumps. When you see these polls in the last few days that are designed to, you know, decommission your brain from the mission, they're gonna be like, oh, Trump's getting killed. I can see it already. Here's M-S-N-B-C saying, Hey man, listen, these Hispanic voters Trump's Trump's doing. Kamala Harris is in real trouble. Trump's doing a lot better than even he did historically. Watch this. We ask a basic question of Hispanic voters, which party do you more identify with? 37%. Now say Republicans, 49% say Democrats. But again, look at how this has shifted in just the last dozen years.


In 2012, this was a 41 point advantage for the Democrats. It has come all the way down to 12 points. Kristen 29 point drop in terms of that gap there on which party Hispanics identify with in just 12 years. Folks, that's, it's a catastrophe. That is an apocalyptic math problem. There is no way they are gonna make that up with suburban moms. There's just no way. Now it's time to just go execute. You can have the greatest battle plan in the world. You can go in there, a 23 point favorite Hell Auburn's playing Georgia this week. I think they're down. I think the line is spreads like 20 plus points.


I'm telling you right now. Auburn could win the game. They could lose the game. I'm just saying the way the way you win or lose a game is on the damn field. It is time now to go execute. Because if we lose, if we lose the freedom Apocalypses coming, the, the, the, the minute after they declare that race over folks, I want you to understand that censorship and weaponization of government is not a glitch in their system. It is a feature. They are now bragging openly about eliminating the First Amendment. I never in my life thought I would see things like this where two Democrat nominees for the presidency of the United States, one, a former First Lady, one a United States senator, a wealthy guy, and the Democrat nominee for President John Kerry, where they would openly, openly discuss attacking, using the weaponization of government and eliminating the First Amendment as an obstacle, as an obstacle to their censorship dreams.


They are doing it openly. If they win, your freedoms are gone. And let me tell you something, you can vote your way into socialism. You can never vote your way out. This is why I am telling you we cannot lose this election. Here's John Kerry and eclipsed it won viral saying something you never think you would see, you would hear before, at least openly it was whispered behind the scenes. Now they're open about it. The First Amendment, forget it, we're finished if we lose 'cause he thinks it's an obstacle to their propaganda campaigns. Check this out. And I think the the dislike of and anguish over social media is just growing and growing and growing. And it's part of our problem, particularly in democracies in terms of building consensus around any issue.


It's really hard to govern today. You can't, you, you know, there's no, the referees we used to have to determine what's a fact and what isn't a fact. They're kind of, you know, been eviscerated to a certain degree and people go and that people self-select where they go for their news or for their information and then you just get into a vicious cycle. So it's really, really hard. Much harder to build consensus today than at any time in the 45, 50 years I've been involved in this and And I, you know, there's a lot of discussion now about how you curb those entities in order to guarantee that you're going to have, you know, some accountability on facts, et cetera.


But look, if people go to only one source and the source they go to is sick and you know has an agenda and they're putting out disinformation, our first amendment stands as a major block to the ability to be able to just, you know, hammer it out of existence, Hammer it out of existence. This human filth pile was the Democrat nominee for president. Folks. I don't have to add anything to it textually, he just said it. So for all these people calling us conspiracy theorists on the left, oh the left doesn't wanna wipe out the first amendment.


Explain what you just heard. You think this guy doesn't have influence in the Democrat party Still, I'm gonna tell you, probably one of the five most powerful people in the Democrat party also is Hillary Clinton. She is she carried, right? Speaking of garbage people, here is another one who is highlighting for you right now. I wanna go back to beginning of the show. You're still doubting me on early Voting folks. There is something big coming. Mark my words, flags in the chat fellas. Ladies flags in the chat.


They are telling you please, in the name of all, that's good. Just listen to them. Their DHS is saying, Hey man, the internet could basically go out on election day. DOS attacks, denial of service. I don't know. Now you got Hillary Clinton speaking openly about another October surprise. She was the grand marshal of the October surprise parade in the 2016 election with the Russia hoax. Something big is coming. Get your vote in early. You don't believe me.


Just listen to them. Why do you think she's saying this? Check this out. The press that's trying to be the press be objectives, be, you know, reporting the facts. The press needs a consistent narrative about the danger that Trump poses. Because you know, people may still like, may still look at the danger and say, I don't care. It doesn't ma you know, it doesn't affect me. I'm gonna vote for him for X, Y, or Z. But okay, but at least people need to be woken up and given the facts about what he has done is saying and would do And I anticipate that, you know, something will happen in October, as it always does.


You know, the Russians, as I said earlier, are very active in this election. We know the Iranians are active as well. Chinese uses TikTok or they certainly did against Biden and for Trump. I think they're a little less pro Trump right now. So you look at where people get their information and they get their information largely from social media. And so the campaign is doing the best job it can to combat that combat both domestic and foreign false disinformation. But I anticipate there will be a full court press in October.


The She's a folks, she's just, for those of you out there who in the chat, a quick, quick poll, Bino on the case, who in the chat trusts Hillary Clinton? I'm gonna guess the answer is overwhelmingly no with a big N in the chat. Okay? No one, unless you misconstrued the question. Hillary Clinton is a garbage person. She will do anything she can for her own personal aggrandizement or power. She has tremendous influence in the Democrat party.


Do you really believe in your heart of hearts as the overused expression goes that Hillary Clinton is anticipating an October surprise just randomly. She just threw that out there. She's what? Want me to tell you what she's doing? Okay, because that's what I'm here for. By the way, this the George Soros purchase of radio stations makes sense. Now here's a tweet by Brendan Carr of the FCCA guy Who knows about all his Federal communications Commission. Now, does it make sense why they fast tracked the George Soros purchase of all these conservative radio stations? They wanna make sure when the October surprise happens and it comes from overseas, overseas folks, you get what I'm saying?


That it, the truth about what it is, a PP dossier or something else or a hoax letter never comes out. What she's doing now is when this new collusion hoax or whatever it is gets launched in October, Hillary wants to say she's pretextual setting up a narrative. She's gonna go, look, I warned you, we knew this was gonna happen. We told you. What did she say? She cited Russia, Iran, and China. I told you they were gonna do it. That's what she's doing. It's tactically evil and it's, it's brutally genius in how they operate. It's the same reason I believe the DHS is also putting out right now that they may have internet problems on election day.


That way when the problems happen, they can go, Hey man, look, we already warned You guys, shame on you. Shoulda listened. The Soros thing makes sense. Now, by the way, I've been very clear on my position on that. 'cause we're on radio for the George Soros radio stations on, I'm on George Soros can kiss my ass kissing. Okay, get right here, right here. Lips kiss that at kissing. I don't give a damn about George Soros cancel me tomorrow. Everybody knows where to find me on Rumble. We're the biggest live stream in the world. I give zero shits about George Soros canceling me.


Zero. I've not lost a second of sleep over it 'cause I can't be canceled because I got the Bongino army behind me and Rumble and we own our own servers so we can't be canceled. People know exactly where to find me, folks. They're preparing us for something big. I wanna tell you something else too. 'cause I'm getting this from very reliable sources and I'm talking about sources with no political acts to grind whatsoever. If anything, they are ferociously loyal to President Trump. I'm telling you that with the purest of hearts and with absolute candor, folks, this Trump Iran threat is real.


I don't care what other people are telling you, I don't because I I, can you just have to trust me on this. I can only say so much. The Trump Iran threat is real. I want you to look at this. True social posts he put up, he is getting briefings and I'm not talking about IC briefings where they're obviously intelligence community briefings where there's obviously an agenda looking to tie him up like they did with Russia. He's getting, I, I can't say it, I can't say anymore. He's saying now about the Iran threat, how the Secret Service is interfering in his election.


That there's a very real threat out there. That they're drawing people. That they, they're drawing all these people. They can't do these events. You can read the true social post yourself, but he's clearly indicated that people he trusts and people I trust have told him the Iran threat is real. Folks, we've gotta remember, it only takes one crazy person willing to die who really doesn't care about money or anything to be honey potted into this. Now again, if you think all of us are crazy, fine, the show's not for you, you can move on. I'm not, I'm not offended. You think Don Jr's crazy too? It's his dad.


Here's Don Jr. Who, why you wouldn't trust him. don don't know on Maria Barta Romo's show because he, they're trusted people. You know what I mean? Briefing him too, that this shit is real. Check this out, because You've gotten information from the FBI that Iran not just wants to take down President Trump, but his family as well. There is a direct threat on you and your brother. Is this correct? That is correct. I guess the logic being if they inflict the kind of damage to someone's family, they get the effective, you know, disturbance to the campaign, to my father, to that mentality without perhaps eliciting the response from the US government.


I've been told that not only by, you know, the FBI, but also by, you know, members of Congress who are read into these kinds of things. They can't obviously give me certain details, but they're like, You guys better take it really seriously. So Don don't trust the FBI, And, believe me either. There either, but he cites some other people there. This threat is real. The Secret Service should have a long time ago planned for this and they didn't. By the way, a fireman reached out to me, who shall remain nameless folks be on alert. A terror alert apparently went out to the fire department. An unspecific one But it seems to be pretty ominous in the level of threat for New York City.


It's gonna be an October surprise. Get your vote in now and get that thing and get that thing tallied. Folks, thanks again for tuning in, making us the number one live stream in the world. The yesterday, sorry, I get distracted sometimes I just show. I have fun with the show. You know, I know it's a lot, but I know I get off on tangent sometimes. It's just my thing, man. I get a little bit of focus issues sometimes. A lot going on in my life right now, and I appreciate your patience with me. Number one yesterday is make it number one today where we have 160,000. So we love having you. Please give us a follow. Download the Rumble app, it's free. Go to the App store, rumble, just download it. It's absolutely free. Follow us, click the follow button. Join us every day at 11:00 AM rumble.com/bonino and please help us out on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.


Go look for the Dan, Bongino Show there and give us a follow there too. We really appreciate it. See you on the radio show here on Rumble in a few minutes, and back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM See you tomorrow. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.