
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts. With your host Dan Bonino. Folks, The Kylo Ren Moore theory of Donald Trump winning continues. In case you missed the news, it just broke recently, like in the last hour. Fannie Willis, you know Fannie Willis and Lover boy Nathan Wade down there, has now been disqualified from the Trump case. It's just the the winning. The winning just continues. This keeps piling up. I'm a big believer in manifesting things. There's like a thousand different universes out there. Manifest the one you want. I have manifested an unbelievable transition period where the ass kicking continues and it just keeps going on.


I just did something before this show and I was, I wasn't gonna tell you about it, but I am gonna tell you about it because it was so freaking amazing. Standby, I got a big show for you today. A lot of stuff to talk about. Don't go anywhere.


Try Beams. Dream powder, get up to 45% off for a limited time at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code bonino at checkout.


Like I said, a lot to talk about. Don't go anywhere.


Next sponsor. If you guys would be kind enough to put that up, it would be awesome. Yes it is. Tax Network USA. You just saw it. The privilege. Get tax pardons. While many hardworking Americans like you don't, the IRS just stepped up. Enforcement. If you owe back taxes or have unfiled returns, do not wait for the IRS letter to come to act. Waiting to get caught could make you look like a tax invader and it'll probably not end well. Getting ahead of this is a smart move, but I urge you to never contact the IRS to learn. Turn it over to Tax Network USA. Why not all tax resolution companies are the same First tax network USA is a strong relationship with the IRS. Second, they have a preferred direct line to the IRS. Why is that important to you? 'cause they know which agents to deal with and which ones to avoid. And third, their genius strategies designed to help quickly settle your tax problems in your favor. Whether you owe $10,000 or 10 million, their attorneys and negotiators have resolved over a billion in tax debt. Call 1 809 5 8 1000. That's 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/dan. The website is tn usa.com/dan.


Alright fellas, let's go now. Justin, I'll go to you because, well actually, you know what, I would go to Michael, but Michael May be biased 'cause it was his recommendation. Folks, I absolutely adore and love our military more than anything. There's not even a close second, it's just everything they do for almost no money out of a sense of loyalty to their fellow man. There is no greater love than to die and sacrifice for your fellow man. So I wanted to do a special show for you tomorrow and I had a couple people in mind from the military I thought would blow your mind. So Michael comes to me and he says, Dan, you have got to check this guy out from the Cleared Hot podcast. Andy Stump Seal Team six.


Just an amazing guy. You may have seen him on Rogan and elsewhere. Folks, we just did this interview and I'm gonna tell you, I came in with high expectations. Michael could not have done better picking this guy. Justin, how freaking amazing was that An interview freaking amazing. I mean this guy's take on everything from drones to leadership to the real real issue with Woke is in the military, the division, not just the political stuff. Please Check it out tomorrow at the regular time. It'll be a regular show at 11:00 AM We'll throw some stuff in there in the beginning to it'll, it'll be, it'll be a regular show. But please don't miss it. I promise you, you're gonna absolutely love this. Okay, couple things.


Obviously the Fanny Willis thing just happened. That's the good news. The other piece of good news is Donald Trump, Elon Musk, JD Vance and others shut down this absolute shit sandwich of a CR last night. This continuing resolution folks, I'm sorry We Are NOT Falling For This Again, that's the title of today's show. I'm done with it. I'm tired of it. I'll address it today at the end of my radio show. So you leave with it folks, we folks in the chat tell me if I'm crazy here. I need your feedback on this. This is important. I am a real polit guy. Don't mistake my passion for topics and my emotion.


I wanna sound ridiculous for a lack of pragmatism. I understand there is a math business up on Capitol Hill where you need certain votes. What I don't understand is we currently have a majority in the House of Representatives, meaning the Democrats have to come to us. That's what a majority is. Why would we shove a shit sandwich bill down America's throat that does nothing to cut spending? I mean, unbelievably finance is a censorship operation out of the State Department. Gives Congress a pay raise deals with like the transfer of a football stadium. You're telling us this is such a pressing thing and then you're freaking us all.


Oh my gosh, the government's gonna close that. It's not our freaking fault. You guys had a year to work on this thing and are now stuck in a shit sandwich at the end. We paid you to get, you know, conservative spending bills across and you didn't do anything. I don't want my point to get lost here. The point is this, if you had at least a little bit of success over the past 30 years, Republicans in Congress saying, Hey, we're not gonna fight this fight now, but we'll fight it next time. We would say, okay, maybe we agree to this bullshit. I wouldn't, but maybe we'll agree to it until March.


Then when Trump gets in, we'll go back and we'll cut some spending. The problem everybody has is you guys just keep telling us this and you never actually do anything, ever. The most unforgivable piece of this spending bill that should have never ever been agreed to was this global engagement center thing from the State Department. Do you understand if you've been screwed over by a bullshit fact check, you were kicked off Twitter before Elon or any of this other stuff. Do you understand? That was largely due to operations like the Global Engagement Center at the State Department.


Why the hell would Republicans in Congress agree to fund this thing? Oh look, we have the answer. Gabe Kaminsky, he's a pretty good reporter. This is a really long tweet. I'm not gonna go through the whole thing, but a lot of people are pissed off at the speaker for this. This isn't the kind of thing that slips through the cracks get used to it. Mr. Speaker and others Twitter. The second this bill goes public, there are algorithms designed to pick this stuff out. Everybody knows what's in it. There's no hiding anymore. According to a congressional source, familiar with the matter, the Global Engagement Center provision was a private demand from Senate Democrats in exchange for another provision Republicans want. So just to be clear, who the thought this was a good idea.


We're gonna allow a State Department operation to be funded to censor conservatives because we wanted some tax cut. I love tax cuts. The Corporate Transparency Act is a disaster. I get it. But we're trading away people's civil liberties. We're not doing that. Two points here. Number one, we as conservatives do not negotiate away civil liberties like free speech. I'm sorry, I don't know what you were thinking. We're paying you guys an exorbitant amount of money. You're getting your ass kissed by lobbies, all lobbyists all day to go and battle for civil liberties and the Constitution not give 'em up and second. But throw that up again at the end, please.


They, they had a private demand for a deal. In other words, let us censor people through the State Department that let us censor people through the State Department and we'll give you this Corporate Transparency act provision thing. The Democrats don't stick to deals Anyway here you need some evidence. Here are the receipts. The Democrats always give you the middle finger on deals. You read this Wall Street Journal article. So there was another deal too about judges retiring. I'm not gonna go into the whole thing, but read this piece. You wanna get pissed off. It's called Judges Unretire After Trump Wins. So it turns out Republicans cut a deal with Democrats that said, these liberal judges are gonna retire.


We will give you these Biden judicial nominees, but those judges are gonna retire. So it was basically a zero sum. Well look what happened. The Senate Republicans got played. They said okay to the Biden nominees and all of a sudden the judges unretired so to the Democrats and their bullshit deal for our first amendment. And no, I'm not riling up the audience. I'm telling the audience the truth. And as I said to people, I earned this microphone and the Bongino army earned their place out there too, and we're tired of this bullshit. You gotta shut The Government down until Trump gets in there. Then shut it down. Even Newt Gingrich, who's not known as some big flame thrower, right? Even Newt Gingrich this morning I retweeted it.


Said, listen, this is time for shock treatment. If the government's gotta shut down to make this point that we're going bankrupt, then the government's gotta shut down. Here's a quick minute or less from Vivek who's co co-head of the Doge Department of Government Efficiency with Elon. They shut this thing down yesterday. Here's Vivek on this abomination of a CR and all the crap in there. Check this out. Congress is about to pass a bill that blows away your taxpayer money, but they made it over 1500 pages long so you wouldn't read it. I did you a favor, I read it for you. It's supposed to be about keeping government operations open and providing disaster relief aid to hurricane victims, which I'm sympathetic to. But if you read the bill carefully, it contains pay raises for members of Congress.


And I'm not making this up, an expansion of their federal health benefits. It contains all kinds of special interests and pork funding, including opening up a new stadium in Washington dc It renews the Global Engagement Center, which is a key no of the censorship industrial complex. And the worst part is they didn't want you to know about any of it. And that's why they made this a last minute jam job. The reason I'm co-head Doge is I think we need outsiders to bring actual accountability to Washington DC So feel free to call your congressman and let 'em know how you feel about it. I'm just reading the chat you guys. Are you guys all agree with me Lily? Bit 99, shut it down. Our government is broken. Shut it down.


WX Princess, shut it down. Yes, shut it down folks. It's time for shock and awe. I'm sorry. We are going bankrupt. We are spending a ridiculous obscene amount of money on a bunch of bullshit programs that don't work. And I'm, again, I can't say this enough. If Speaker Johnson and the leadership, this is not personal by the way, stop with the nonsense. This is, I am a transactional spreadsheet guy. If you had any history of plus ones on this stuff and big victories on top line spending, we'd be like, okay, maybe we'll give you a pass. You don. You just don't. There is a credibility factor here I'm gonna get to in a second.


Nobody believes The Government anymore. Nobody about anything about drones, about freaking UFOs, about the border, about inflation expertise is dead. Please don't do this to the party in this amazing transition period where I opened up the show with good news. All this good stuff is happening. Please don't ruin it. This kind of funny though, I got open heavy stuff in the beginning of the show. You know my cannibalism theory, the lefties will always eat themselves alive. Folks. We have them up against the wall right now. The left, not the other way around.


I was talking to a friend yesterday and I said, listen, we won. We need to start acting like it. We won. We may not win in the midterms. We may not win in the next presidential election, but we won. Now I only live in the president. I don't live in the freaking future. I only live in the now We won freaking act like it. This is hilarious. Watch CNN and and liberal Senator Dick Durbin. I mean one of the most liberal senators you're ever gonna find. There is a congressional pay raise built into this, which there's no time for that right now. We could talk about that later. It should not have been put in there at all. It's a terrible messaging tool. Watch CNN confront Durban on the pay raise and then the liberal Durban firing back at CNN.


Like, hey you guys get a raise and you suck too. This is liberal on liberal political violence here folks. I told you cannibalism theory, just give it time. They'll lead themselves alive. Watch this. Numbers are Giving themselves a pay raise. Do you guys deserve a pay raise? Well that's news to me. It's good news. You know, what has it been 10 years or 14 years? And no cola, no change at all. I think it's about time. Something's done. You, you support getting, giving yourself a pay Raise. Absolute is how would I not know about a pay raise? But I Mean, but I mean people look at the performance of Congress and say, why should we give them more money? What About the media? Think about that for a second. We're not paid by public money. I know you're not, but I mean half of your listeners are not there anymore.


You're still getting the same paycheck. What's going on? Well, You love to see it, man. You love to see it. I told you the cannibalism theory is real. You think I just make these theories up 'cause I'm bored on the weekend. Like, let me throw out some theories like I'm sitting around at like playing at the blackjack table. I'm like, how many political theories? All you gotta do is be an observer of this. Eventually they start eating themselves alive because they're totally unprincipled. Our fights are on principle and stuff. Their fights are all about bullshit. They don't know what to do anymore. They are lost. We are in charge. We are the media now folks. Elon Musk, Vivek Ramas, Swami Donald Trump, JD Vance, and a bunch of conservative members of Congress. Make no mistake.


Shut this thing down. This is a warning to members of Congress and it is done with a pure heart. Not trying to be an asshole, not trying to abuse the privilege of this microphone. I'm trying to do you a favor. You can listen to me and get outta your bubble or you can continue to get shit rolled. I don't know what to tell you. The Twitter ecosystem now on x between X and true social is the most powerful mechanism in politics. There are people out there who, the second these things drop, what they do is they go out, they put algorithms on these things word finders. And within seconds, all of the shit sandwiches in these bills are out there.


You can adjust to that or you could get run over by the train. I don't know what to tell you. I'm trying to help you. You are not gonna be able to squeeze this stuff through anymore. You are the majority. I know we don't have the Senate, I know we don't have the presidency at this point, but we do in just a month. Listen, when me and Newt Gingrich, I wouldn't call him an establishment guy, but he's definitely not some maga flame throwing guy. Agree on the exact same thing. Then it's time to move, it's time for some shock treatment. Man. Everybody in the chat agrees. I mean, it's rare folks. I I, we may blow the chat up again on this, but that's okay.


It's like every time we blow it up we learn new things, which is fantastic. Yes, shut it down or no, sign this bill. Eat the shit sandwich and deal with it because we'll get 'em next time. Fire away. Fire away. Let me see it put up on his ear. Fire away. 'cause I'm telling you, I'm of the opinion if this is the best we're gonna get, shut it down because we're never gonna fix anything because nobody's serious. And if they're not willing to take the syrup, OFAC now, they're never gonna do it. Ba Gino, get on the case. I don't see a single no. Do you see one? Shut it down. Look at it, Chad. Burn it. Burn it to the ground. Burn that chat to the ground. You still can keep it going. Shut it down.


Shut it down. Shut it down. No more bullshit. Bullshit. Time is over. I should have worn my cutesy. Time is over. Sure. Today because it's over. We won Freaking act like it Cutesy time is over. Thank you Jake. Can we get one more encore of that? I was cutesy. Time. Time is over. Thank you Jake. See, even Jake thinks cutesy time is over. Cutesy Time is over Man, you guys are really 144 chats. Is that chats per second or something like that? Holy shit man. You guys are crazy. This is awesome. Bonino Army repping the cause every single time he came Even read. I know Chris. You guys did a good job with the chat. We keep trying to break it.


It's not even working. Chris from Rumble. Good job folks. We are the media. Now, don't forget it. There is a downside to this though. I want to be realistic with you guys. We are the media now. That's good. That's a good thing, right? We all get it. We are the media now. We are just the, that the data backs it up. Live stream numbers. When I say we, I'm not just talking about me, I'm talking about this conservative ecosystem. Bannon, Charlie, Kirk, Benny Johnson, others, right? There's a real problem and nobody trusts our government anymore. Well, Dan government sucks. No, I get it folks. But you know, I'm, I'm, I'm really fascinated by the Roman Empire. Like of course most conservatives are, but I, I really am. I can't get enough of the history of how the, the Republic fell.


And you know, when you watch what happened with, with, you know, with Caesar when he was chasing Poey and they left Ro Rome abandoned the place turned to chaos. Within days and weeks, people were starving to death. They couldn't get the grain out to the people. Folks, government is not an inherently evil thing. If you understand Federalist 51, if men were angels, which were not limits on government are a good thing. 'cause men will abuse power, whatever, you know. Long story short, what I'm getting at is we do need some form of a function in government that can do basic things like assure the public in a national emergency. Those aren't little green men coming to invade. Nobody trusts anyone anymore.


To the point where even when Mayor Yorkist, our DHS secretary says something even remotely sensible, even guys like me who've heard it from other people go, well that can't be right. I'll show you what I mean in a second. Quick break. I'll show you how. Again, nobody trusts government at all anymore. And folks, that's not a good thing. It's believe me, it's not. That can only get bad really fast. We gotta get Donald Trump in there and clean this thing up.


You're having trouble sleeping or staying asleep. Listen, I've been there. It's not just about being tired the next day. Poor sleep takes a really awful toll on your body. Everything from you glucose management to everything. Sleep good. Go get Beams Dream Powder. It's a science-backed nighttime blend for sleep that's actually clinically shown to improve sleep. Has you waking up refreshed and feeling good. They sent me something to try well over a year ago. It's become part of my routine now as I look ahead to 2025. I wanna keep the momentum going. Dream is part of my routine. It's made all the difference. Other sleep aids cause next day Grogginess. But Dream has this powerful all natural blend, which I encourage you to look up. Reishi magnesium, L-theanine, apogen and melatonin. It helps you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. The Ultimate Sleep refresh for the new year is Beam's bestselling dream powder. Get up to 45% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at checkout that shop Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino for up to 45% off. Thanks Pete.


This is what I'm talking about folks. Everybody's got an agenda in government and the agenda unfortunately is typically following the money and bullshitting people to get to the money trail. I trust my sources though. I even some of me may not like me for this segment, but that's okay. You the truth. I have a separate bunch of sources who are good and decent people. They've never steered me wrong. Our batting average is a thousand. You can go back and watch the shows. We've been right on every conspiracy theory out there. I'm telling you that this China threat is very real. The threat of our own government spying on you is as bad if not worse. And that's real too.


But there are other people out there who are trying to tell you like every single thing that comes out is some psyop or whatever. Let me play this clip by my orcas. Well, I don't trust as far as I can throw, but I've heard this from other people and you shouldn't dismiss this outta hand. That China is knee deep embedded in our technology, our home routers, our critical infrastructure that China is working on. The ability to destroy us from the inside out. Take this with a grain of salt. 'cause it comes from Myorca, but I've heard this from other people too. Check this out. China has in fact hacked into our telecommunications providers, some of them.


And the extent of it is quite serious. And I should say that in response to that, we have taken action, we in the federal government has have stood up a unified coordination group, a multi-agency response to this hack. Again, it's mayorkas. Anything he says, I wanna instantly flush down the toilet. But do you see why I opened the segment the way I did? It's a freaking shame that we trust The Government so little that even though I've heard that nearly verbatim, exact same thing from conservatives I trust because Mayorca said it even I'm like, is now.


Is it bullshit folks? It's a real threat. Yes. Our government spying on us is a real profound threat too. Zero doubt. Get it? Got it. Good. But don't be distracted about this China threat. They have been working on this for a long time. Do you have, and look this up today, when you get off the show, do you have any idea how many home routers, internet routers that were made in China have built in security flaws? Built in security flaws? Yeah, they're there for a reason. Just trust me on this. It's not, this is a very serious threat. Why am I bringing it up too? Because I'm gonna go Republican Democrats.


So you don't think I'm even making a partisan issue. Oh fuck my, or he's, he is dope. He is a dope. He's, the guy's a liar. He's corrupt. I can't stand him. But this Mike McFall is a pretty establishment. You know, rhino type Republican too. You may not trust this guy. It's fine. I'm just telling you, I've heard this from other people too. And it's a shame we can't trust our freaking government anymore. There's a senior member of Congress on the Republican side here. He is talking about the drones telling you something I've heard from reliable sources. Not all of them, not all of them, not all of them. But many of these drones around our military installations are from China spying on us and surveilling our domestic turf.


Check this out. Yeah, We want answers. What the response that I'm getting is that we don't know whose drones these are. I was with the NASA administrator, bill Nelson. He said that these drones have been reported over military sites, military bases. I would not think those are friendly. I would think those are adversarial. And in fact, NASA seems to be picking up more than our military is on with respect to the drones. So I, I think it's, we're gonna, Congress is gonna pursue this. I know the House intelligence committee is having a hearing on this.


We need to identify is behind these drones. My judgment based on my experience is that those that are over our military sites are adversarial and most likely are coming from the People's Republic of China. I had a request from the chat, so you know, guys don't have to tip I someone put a $5 tip in it. Please keep your money donate to charity. So I appreciate it, but I don't need, damn, will you do the ba do you feel like you are in charge? That's my favorite line from those Dark night series. They're not in charge. Nobody trusts these people anymore. But this is where it gets scary for me. I have an obligation to get you accurate information.


And the problem I had cutting this segment, which is one of the reasons I did it. 'cause I knew it was gonna cause me a bit of a headache. But it's one of the things I need to get across is I know what my orcas and McCall just said are accurate, but because they've been sources of shady information in the past, especially my orcas, I mean magnitude times 10, I'm sitting here going, I can't believe nobody can believe what the DHS secretary's saying that China thing is real. Folks, I don't care what anybody tells you, it is real. I promise you, you don't think it's a little interesting again that Obama, his first movie project, was this movie Leave the World Behind about how this mysterious internet attack basically wipes out the internet.


Everybody's like turns on each other's ready to die. I'm not. There's no reason to panic. Donald Trump's gonna be in office in January. And I promise you the same people have warned me about this stuff are in his ear too. We can clean it up. But there's been a decades long effort by China to not only surveil us, but implant really destructive technology in the United States. And we don't know when that switch is gonna go off. Now we have two years to fix this, but it's a four year term. It's not a four year term. Please stop telling yourself that. Yes, constitutionally Donald Trump will be in charge for four years. It is two, two year terms. Why? Because what happens after the president's first two years when every member of Congress is up for reelection, every member and a third of the Senate is they don't care about Donald Trump and his priorities anymore.


Why? He's gonna be a lame duck. He can't run again. It's just a fact. I wish it weren't, but it is. And second, they're worried about reelection themselves. So what happens in the last two years, if you're unfamiliar with post midterm politics, is you get people in swingy, purple districts Republicans who wanna get reelected and look like they're standing up against a man. You can't count on them for anything the first two years you can get a lot of stuff done. You don't really have a lot of that in the first two years. You basically have about 18 months. 'cause then you get some kind of midterm politics there too. But you got about 18 months after that. Forget it. We have 18 months to fix this. Here's the good news. The Democrats are still in total disarray.


We need to move quick, just quickly. I wanna put this up. Politico are Democrats coconut pilled someone to see Kamala Harris run again? What the hell kind of headline is that? They wanna see Kamala Harris run again. Are you crazy? Like What are you nuts? She was the single worst presidential candidate they've run since Walter Mondale. They don't know what to do, what happens. And please watch tomorrow's show. We get into leadership and leadership vacuums with this Navy Seal. It's amazing. Was she worse than Hillary? What? Yes. She was worse than Hillary. Yes. She was unquestionably worse than Hillary folks did. Game wants she's worse than yes. I don't know. Folks in the chat, do you think she was worse than Hillary? I I, I think by far, I don't even think it's called.


I think she was worse than Mondale. She was a terrible candidate. She did not act the part, she didn't talk the part, she didn't look the part. She was always cackling. She had none of the characteristics of a leader. They are in disarray. They have this leadership vacuum that's so bad that they're looking to the woman who hit 100 as the number three hitter. Kamala 2020 Award there. Kamala 23 and Justin say he wants to volunteer Kamala Harris reach out to Justin. I'm gonna skip that Roginsky thing we had next. Gee, I'm gonna jump right to Tom Holman after this on the, of the next video. But let's take a quick break. I'm gonna get back to that. 'cause you know, I, I wish more people would pay attention to this Tom Holman, who's coming in as the border czar.


He did an interview with Tucker. That's really, really good. But he hits on a point I wish. I hope I pray more people start paying attention to it. It's the real purpose of illegal immigration. It's cheap labor. It is, yes, that's not the real purpose. However, that's the Chamber of Commerce purpose. The Democrats have a far more pernicious agenda and Holman absolutely nails it. Stay tuned. Our last break, I'll get back to that.


Hey, when it comes to protecting your family, it's not just about having a firearm. Lethal force isn't the answer for every situation. Imagine an imminent threat comes to you and your family instinct may drive you to reach for a firearm immediately. But what if there were a way to deescalate a situation and defend yourself without the irreversible consequences of deadly force? Burn is non-lethal pistol launcher equipped with tear gas and kinetic ammo getting incapacitate an attacker for up to 40 minutes. No need to go Defcon one. We just need protection to ensure we can diffuse the situation and drive the threat away. I've trained with firearms for many years to burn. A pistol they sent me is one of the easiest to learn and use. If you don't own a firearm or if you do own a firearm, it's still a great option to have made in America. Legal in all 50 states requires no background checks and shipped right to your door. Visit bya.com/dan now for an exclusive 10% discount for my listeners today. That's b yna.com/dan burna. You won't regret it. Check it out.


In our last sponsor today is Omaha Steaks the perfect gift to deliver comfort and joy to the ones you love. With curated gift packages, Omaha Steaks consistently delivers unrivaled quality and taste. Hand selected by master butchers from the finest green finished beef, extra age flash, frozen at peak flavor and delivered right to you. And now you can deliver the perfect gift with 50% off sitewide at Omaha Steaks dot com. Plus our listeners get an extra $30 off with promo code bongino at checkout. Minimum purchase and restrictions may apply. The food is delicious. The steaks are amazing. The burgers are fantastic. Omaha Steaks makes it easy to shop. What expertly crafted gift packages, the stakes are perfectly aged to maximize tenderness and hand cut by master butchers in America's heartland, grass fed grain finish that is more marbling for exceptional flavor. It's a choice of steakhouse and professional chefs around the world. The fan favor filet mignon serving the coveted distinction of USDA certified tender. So give the gift of comfort and joy with Omaha Steaks. Visit Omaha Steaks dot com for 50% off Sitewide. It's a big savings on unforgettable gifts and more. And for an extra $30 off you promo code bonino at checkout, minimum purchase may apply. That's 50% off five zero at O-M-A-H-A Omaha Steaks dot com and extra $30 off with promo code bonino at checkout. Thanks.


So my thanks. This is what I'm talking about. The change is coming and we've got basically 18 months to two years to do it. Tom Holman's coming in as the border star. This guy's amazing. I know Tom very well for a long time. Good man. Solid patriot, loves his country. He's talking to Tucker about the real purpose of illegal immigration on the left. You need to pay attention to this because we will never win another presidential election again or control of the House of Representatives if you don't pay attention to the census and the role of illegal immigration in the census. Listen to the end of this. It's really important. Check this out. What Do you think the goal was? You know, I asked that a lot of you, why would anybody open the border up? I think Joe Biden's, the first president in, in American history, who came in office and unsecured the border.


I worked for, you know, six presidents. Obama and Clinton took steps to secure the border because they understood you can't possibly can't have. There's no way you can have strong national security if You don't on border security. You need to know what's coming, who's coming in, where it's coming in, why it's coming. Joe Biden's first president came in office and unsecured a border and people ask me all the time why I, I think they see a future political benefit. I think they see, think these people would be future democratic voters, number one, two, but we don't even have to get there, right? Tucker, I mean when, when Biden signed over 90 executive orders getting rid of everything we did, he also overturn the Trump census rule where mans will be able to go, aliens be counted in all these sanctuary cities, which is gonna result in more seats in the house with the des and the re proportionate seats in the house.


Oh gosh, folks, I, I can't talk about this enough. I, there are, this is one of my top five issues that I wish conservative media would focus on. I heard Laura Ingram talk about it recently. Good for her. Tom Holman. You are a friend. You are a patriot. I'm begging you to keep bringing this up, folks. Yes. Cheap labor is a part of it. I totally understand that. Put aside that argument for a second. The Democrats put up the a b, C article. Look at the date on this. Back in 2020, the Democrats sued because the Trump administration, they wanted to exclude illegal immigrants. They call 'em undocumented, which is euphemistic bullshit, illegal immigrants from the census. There is no way we should be including illegal immigrants in our census.


The reason the Democrats sued and made a huge stink over this to be able to include them is because people are moving out of liberal states like California, Illinois, Maryland, and New York. That's just a fact. They're moving to conservative states. So that has two effects. Number one, the House of Representatives, your congressman, you get a congressman for about every 700 residents of the state. If they can count illegals, liberal states get extra congressmen. It's simple math. Wow, that sucks, Dan. It sounds like we'll, we'll never. We'll, you know, we'll never, ever get a congressional majority again on the Republican side. If we keep pouring illegal folks into liberal states. Yes, that's the point.


But it gets even worse. It affects another branch of government too. Folks in the chat, you already know where I'm going with this. Holman just told you this, the electoral college that elects the president is based on the number of congressmen and senators in your state too. For everyone. More congressmen gives these liberal states the ability as people move out to bring new illegals in so they don't lose electoral college votes either. This is a huge deal. It's why the Democrats do not want the next census. Do not want illegal immigrants excluded. It's a huge deal. By the way, some breaking news just happened during the podcast there.


There's an article that just popped in the New York Post that 17 military bases have had the unexplained encounters with drones. And again, hammering my point home from before and right around where these drones were found or spotted was land owned by China around these bases. How the hell we're selling sensitive land near military facilities to a foreign enemy of the United States so they can surveil us? Is is, is unbel. It's just disgusting. It, it really is. It's one of the most disgusting things I've ever seen. Was that, what was that? Was that, where was that? The government's drone denials? Is that leader in the show? Can we bring that up now?


Is that okay here? I was gonna discuss this later in the show, but again, back to this topic, I'm, I'm sorry, but this just broke. Now that's a huge story. I'm telling you, it's China. Not all of it, not all of it. They are watching us. They are mapping us out. This is a serious thing and nobody believes The Government. Henninger was gonna cover this later, but nobody trusts these people. The government's denials on drones are just complete bullshit. Nobody believes it. He notes the US electorate's. Trumpian turn isn't an outlier, A rising level of no confidence in government. What we've been talking about has gone global. It's not just here.


Germany, their government collapsed this week. Did you know that France did earlier last month, the vote in the UK put labor back in power. Was it just to withdrawal the confidence in conservative governance's governance at all the Trudeau government in Canada could be next. Everybody wants to get rid of people in power because these people just sucked. They can't give us an honest answer on anything. You told us the border was secure. You told us inflation was transitory. You told us the drones weren't a threat and then you told us they didn't know what they were. Why would people believe you? You don't even believe yourself. Back to this illegal immigration argument. This was one of the major seismic shifts in the election. Border security and inflation.


Folks, the left doesn't get it. We have two years to move. They are still sitting there thinking about Kamala Harris, open borders, how to get more illegals in the country. They have not adjusted to this new reality. We have to take tactical advantage while they're sitting there in a, in a, in a circular firing squad. I wanna play this clip for you outta New York to show you that the lunacy is not stopped. They have a position in New York. It's a very powerful position. It's largely ceremonial, but it's called the public advocate position. Everybody in New York City who gets it runs for mayor. So it's like a stepping stone position, right? So the New York City current public advocate, this is the craziest thing you're ever gonna see.


You think after the election they, they take stuff like this and throw it in the garbage. They wanna give an exemption for illegal immigrants to be able to take like motorized bikes, you know, like scooters and stuff around city. But they don't have to get a license plate. Just you do. And I want you to listen to the way the guy frames this, like it's really racist to ask people who are in the country illegally to have to get a license plate on your vehicle while you actually have to get one. This is how crazy these people are. We got two years, they're still not straight. Check this out. What's that? Yeah, this guy, Yeah. Have to be clear that if passed the legislation would have a disparate impact on low income individuals, people of more color and undocumented migrants.


I know for some that doesn't cause concern, but the impact should. Undocumented immigrants might be reluctant to fill out applications to register their bicycles, but they might not be more reluctant to ride the bicycles. If we are, I mean, I always think back to John Edwards that that infamous Democrat candidate for president John Kerry's vice presidential pick, talking about two Americas. He was talking about it from a wealth inequality and power standpoint like a liberal Democrat. There are two Americans, there are illegals that get things you don't get. And then there's American citizens who you be locked up folks, they haven't learned anything.


It still hasn't kicked them in the balls yet. That the world is changing. And I'm gonna tell you something, I don't wanna get presumptuous like the Democrats did after Obama, after Obama won reelection the Democrats, they had this demographic destiny argument. The Colorado model. Many of you guys remember that where the thing was, young voters, minorities and single women, the Republicans would never win another election. And then what happened? Donald Trump happened. The Democrats had to go and throw the book out because it, you know, now it looks ridiculous. I don't wanna fall into that trap either, that, oh, this is the new Republican majority moving forward. But if we can string together a series of victories in the next two years, folks, I'm not sure a lot of those black and Hispanic and younger voters that fell in love with the Trump agenda where we broke down that Republican wall, we couldn't forever.


I'm not sure they ever go back. We may be in a really unique spot. Here's an example of what I mean. This is Chicago Mayor Brandon Johnson, the worst mayor in the country. By far a total disaster. I mean the Democrats hate him, right? Here he is at one of these, you know, council meetings right there and one of the citizens of Chicago. I always ask the question, is it bad enough yet? Well, it is for this guy. Check this out. We are $1 billion in debt. That's absolutely insane. Kamala Harris, she spent $1 billion on her campaign less than a year and she's 20 million in debt. So it's looking like Democrats are bad with money. Now you ignored me for 10 to 15 seconds.


Last time I was speaking and I really did not appreciate that at all, but I got a Christmas present for you. Let's remind the people of Chicago that Brandon Johnson spent $32,000 in campaign funds on haircuts and makeup. So I got a early Christmas present for you, Brandon Johnson. This some makeup for you right here. You got some rouge, you got the makeup brush right there so you can save this people some money for pride out loud. You, you see my point? You think this guy's going back, you think this guy's gonna go back in the next election and and vote for Kamala Harris if they run her, if they run her again. You know, there's this awakening that happens that only goes in one direction.


When liberals realize they've been lied to by shit government and their money's been stolen, you, they almost never go back. You see a ton of liberals who became conservative. You see very little what David Brock types that pretended to be Republican and then go the other way. It's usually some money component. You know, like what's her name over at M-S-N-B-C pretended to be a Republican. They'll take a paycheck. It doesn't matter. But you see very few people on principle who go back the other direction. It's like when your eyes are open and this awakening happens, you just simply can't go back to sleep. Bud, bud Caveat, mTOR, buyer beware. We have got to string together a series of wins tying this back to beginning of the show.


That's why this CR was such a tactical misstep and Johnson and others, speaker Johnson should have known better. We just won an election. People want to see results. They want to see you acting like it. We don't want more of what we just got rid of. Look at this segment. By the way, another piece of news just broke in the last few hours. The Wall Street Journal has an amazing piece about Joe Biden, the extent the Biden White House went to cover up this guy's cognitive train wreck going on, folks, it's bad. I warned you about it. I told you I had sources there. I'd never lied to you.


I told you the guy, this condition was worse than you knew we were right Again, the batting average is 1000, correct? Look at this. Biden's been in office four years. He's does this interview just the other day. He just realized inflation's a problem for the Biden White House folks. I, I candidly, I'm not even sure if he even knows about inflation. Someone told him about it before the interview. Watch this. One thing that we haven't been able to change yet, it's starting to change, is that you go to a grocery store, dozen eggs, a gallon and of milk, a pound of bacon still costs more than it did before the pandemic. That's a lot of money for people. It's taking time to change that.


So there's reason for frustration, but there's gigantic change of make. Is this guy taking a shot at comedy? Is he for real? Does he not understand? Like, did he just, someone just wake him up this morning and shake him and say, Hey listen, inflation's been a problem. Here's the best part of this though, not Biden's, like yesterday's news. The guy's the president name only at this point. He's the pinot. Everybody knows that, right? I want you to watch this. This is a short clip too, but here's Biden hilariously lecturing America and politicians about using your office to grift, to grift and make money. If this is not peak, Joe Biden, I've never seen it.


Joe Biden lecturing people about grifting. This is an instant classic. Check this out. You know, I don't know how you look your constituents in the eye and know because the job they gave you gave you an inside track to make more money. I I I'm, I dunno about you guys, but I'm kind of at a, at a real genuine loss for words. I'm having a trouble stringing together syllables into words, into sentences that Joe Biden, the not even the king, like the, the, the, you know, the Star Wars like Emperor with Jedi, like powers of Grifting is lecturing politicians about grifting is freaking hilarious.


I told you Joe Biden's the smartest guy in the room, just ask him. This is a guy with, he is a, he is a sociopath when it comes to his own personality. He has zero social IQ at all. And everything they told you folks was bullshit and it's all coming around to haunt them. I saw this yesterday. I wanted to play this clip for you. Now that we know I played it for you yesterday, the update near you. Remember the Aurora Colorado apartment takeover by Trend ua And we were told by the liberal media and the Biden team and everyone that that's a conspiracy theory. There are no Venezuelan gangs taking over apartment complexes. Well, it's happened. We now know they only took it over.


They tortured people. The torture was disgusting. Honestly, I'm not even gonna talk about it. I heard about it on Fox and Friends. I had to turn the volume down. It was so grossed out. Now we know it's true. Our batting averages 1000 yet again. Remember this Jim from Martha Ratts questioning JD Vance about gang members making out like it wasn't a big deal. Go, go read if you're into really gross, crazy stuff, what these people did to these people in Aurora, Colorado, Colorado. Check this out. The incidents were limited to a handful of apartment conflicts on apartment complexes. And the mayor said, our dedicated police officers have acted on those concerns.


A handful of problems. Only Martha, do you hear yourself? Only a handful of apartment complexes in America were taken over by Venezuelan gangs and Donald Trump is the problem and not Kamala Harris' open border. You know what key, I'm just thinking move that CNN one ahead of Pierre. 'cause this is perfect for this. How liberals, I know you watch my show, I get your death threats and stuff. Okay? It's part of the business. I don't like it. I am objectively against violence, but you know, I get your nasty death threats. Especially you seem to like Facebook a lot. I always get 'em on Facebook. At what point do you say to yourself, again, I can't bring this up enough.


Like, you know, I'm not gonna change your voting behavior. I get that you're obviously a communist and you like that stuff, but how often are you gonna be lied to? Like, don't you want accurate information? I mean, when you go into a store, don't you want, remember they used to have the prices on the thing? Like don't you want that to be the actual price? Like you don't wanna go to the register and be surprised you go, that said 4 99. No, it's 7 99. Yeah, but the price said 4 99. Yeah, we're surprising you at the register. Like, do you, do you ever say to yourself, I just wanna say, I just wanna like believe what's advertised you guys get are lied to all the time by C-N-N-A-B-C-N-B-C-M-S-N-B-C vote for whoever you want.


When is the bullshit enough? Is there ever like a bullshit red line? It happened again. Did you see this segment? I, I wasn't gonna put this in the show, but gee is like obsessed with this segment he's been asking me to play for days. So CNN is another, you know, another bullshit outlet. They're over in Syria and because I hate this by the way, I've been in the news business a while. A lot of these reporters wanna be the story. They always wanna look like heroes. You ever see in a hurricane, they go in and they, they sit in the water and you know, and they, they they're like up to the knees like, oh my gosh. And, and the guy behind 'em is like running on the street, like doing a jog. This is, this is one of those segments. They walk into the Syrian prison and they wanna be heroes.


So like, look at this. We rescued this prisoner. It turns out the prisoner in this case is a notorious a, a Assad torturer who was the one actually torturing these people. And they're like, do you need water? Do you need water? This would've been one of our top 10 worst clips of the year. If we hadn't already done the show. Check this out Here. If there is something under the blanket. Oh, it moved. Is there someone there, is someone there or is it just Hello? Okay, he's I'm a civilian.


He says I'm a civilian. It's okay. It's okay. He Tells the fighter he's from the city of humps and has been in the cell for three months. Okay. Okay. You're okay. You're okay. You're okay. You're okay. Clutches my arm tightly with both hands. Okay. There's some Does anyone have any water, water, water from there? From my, my, my, my, my my. Okay. It's water. It's water. Okay.


Okay. Okay. You're okay. You're okay. You're okay. Michael brought up a great point. He is an accountant, so he thinks like he's like a spreadsheet guy. Like basically no one noticed from cna. Like, this guy's got a perfectly coughed haircut. He's actually like a little fat. Like what is he eating? And bro, he getting McDonald's in there or something. Michael, he's also a hair expert. Michael, Michael is a hair. Michael spends an inordinate amount of time and he's got like the best hair ever. I have none of that. I don't have to worry about that. Just shave that sucker off. But no, that was a great point though Michael. I didn't even think of that. Nobody from CNN like you're an investigative reporter, right? Thought it was odd that number one, the guy doesn't wanna come out obviously, right?


He's sitting there under the, you think a prisoner be, oh my gosh, thank you for opening the door. He doesn't wanna come out. He's clearly hiding and he looks like he's like surrendering or something like that. And you are like, wow, this guy looks awfully clean, smells good, got a haircut. He's kind of fat for a guy who's supposedly been in prison for three to six months, you didn't notice this was the torturer himself. Okay, you may not have run, but you, you didn't sense something was up with that. She's like, Hey, you want water? Look At you. What are you, I am so sick of these fake news losers. We are the media now. We are the media now. Someone wanted the pain. Do you feel like you are in charge? And I love that he puts a back of his hand on his shoulder because you're not, we're in charge now we're the news.


This is where it's at. I got one more clip for you. It's pretty good. You guys see this Canadian race that's going on right now? Justin Trudeau is finished, he's done. Canada's had enough of his bullshit. The guys are straight up Kami. There were some rumors he may resign. His finance minister, who's a total disaster, was a Covid train wreck resign. But Pierre Olivier is running against him. He is going to be running Canada very shortly and the media people trying to set him up, they're trying to set up a little fight between Canada and Donald Trump. Trump is not fighting Canadians. He's fighting Justin Trudeau. He's doing something very smart. He's trying to humiliate Trudeau who's humiliated for liberty and freedom in Canadians for a long time to make sure he gets out of office.


Of course, the media, which is always 10 steps behind, doesn't catch that. So they try to catch Olivier to make it like a Trump versus Canada thing. This guy is just so good at beating the media at their own bullshit game. This, he, they ask him about the tariffs trying to set up like a tariff war 'cause he's gonna be the incoming government. Sir, watch this answer. This is really good. Check this out. Look, we sell more than twice as much to the Americans than we sell to the rest of the world combined. The United States is the biggest economic and military superpower the world has ever seen. They happen to be our neighbor and our friends. They have a president with a strong and fresh mandate.


And he's someone who is a very powerful negotiator who see, who can spot weakness from a mile away. And what does he see when he looks at Justin Trudeau and the NDP liberal government? He sees a ridiculous clown show of chaos and that screams weakness. President Trump has made it clear that he wants our jobs and our money. Justin Trudeau's chaotic clown show will only help him get it. Man. This guy's good at that. That is a skill man. And this guy's got it. He, they were trying to set him up. We don't need that. We need he, he, what he's doing is going after Trudeau.


He's not going after Canada Media tried to set him up and it didn't work. Folks, tomorrow please don't miss it. I've got a Seal Team operator on. You may have seen him on the Rogan Show. He's got his own podcast. Andy Stump. It is one of the most fascinating interviews. We don't do a lot of 'em, but I promise you Bonino Army, it is absolutely worth your time. Air like a normal show. We got some other stuff there, so don't worry about 11:00 AM tomorrow. Please Check it out. Don't miss it. Do us a big favor, download the Rumble app. It is free. Rumble's had an amazing run over the last few months. We really appreciate it. The Rumble app, download it or go to rumble.com/bonino and just click that subscribe button.


It is free. We really appreciate it. Please give us a follow on Apple podcast and Spotify as well means the world to us. Thanks so much for tuning in. I'll see you back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM and on Rumble in the radio in just a few minutes. See you there. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.