
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. We did it, didn't we? Forgive me, man. I'm a little emotional today. So I'm I, this is one of the first times in a long time I'm coming on this podcast sincerely without a game plan about exactly what to say. I mean, believe me, we put together a good show for you today, but it's a little bit overwhelming.


So much to talk about so many people to thank. I'm just, I think like a lot of you woke up this morning, it felt like the country you knew was finally back. Folks, I got a crazy show for you today after last night. I'm on about three hours sleep. but I'm telling you this, from the bottom of my sometimes broken heart with absolute sincerity, I don't feel tired at all. It's, and I'm like the most, the big Justin might have the biggest worst with sleep. How often do I complain, folks? You have no idea how much I complain about sleep, which is not, there's a Beam pre-roll coming up, but I promise it has nothing to do with it at all.


I gripe and bitch and moan about sleep all the time. I slept three hours like many of you. And I gotta tell you, I feel like I could run a freaking marathon and I don't even have the need for it. I have never felt this. It's almost like some spiritual energy, man. Am I crazy? He, of course, he says yes. He's got his MAGA hat on, signed by Donald Trump. I never see this guy wearing hats ever. He's rocking a MAGA hat. Justin and em up late last night. Let me get to it.


Hey, Beam cyber sale is here. Speaking about sleep. Gonna Anita tonight, Bonino Listeners. Enjoy up to 50% off at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code Bonino. Don't miss Beam's. Biggest sale of the year. Get yourself some sleep tonight. Be a good night to use it.


Hey, am they, I know I saw them come in, they set off the alarm in my house, dropping off equipment at like one 30 morning. Paul was like, what's that? Are they breaking in? I'm like, breaking in. She thought like the FBI was like, raiding our house or something.


Hey, a few decades ago, private citizens used to be largely that private. Well, what changed? Well, the internet changed. Think about everything you've browsed search for watch through Tweeted. Now imagine all that data being collected by third parties into a permanent public record to keep my data private. When I go online, I turn to Express VPN. you know, there are hundreds of data brokers out there. They're sold businesses to buy and sell your data. They use your IP to uniquely identify you and your location. With Express VPN, my connection is rerouted through an encrypted server, and my IP address is masked with ExpressVPN. I'm given a random IP address. It makes it really difficult for third parties to identify me and harvest my data. And ExpressVPN is easy to use. I can use it. I'm not that tech savvy. No matter what, what device you're on, all you have to do is tap a button and you're protected. It's that simple. So if you like me, believe your privacy is your business, and so is your data. Secure yourself with a number one rated VPN on the market and do it today. Go to ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino and get three extra months for free. That's ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino.


The greatest sound in the world right now, the Dan Bongino Show Bell. Ladies and gentlemen, we are so fucking back, man. We are back. We, Are, So, Back to all the haters, to all the liberals, to all the progressives, to all the commies, to all the people who called us fascists and Nazis and racists and deplorables and garbage and garbage bags and smelly and rednecks and has seeds and fly over countries. Fuck Q motherfuckers today. And I don't give a shit what you think about it. I'm sorry.


I know shouting fraud is bad, but I don't give a shit. I'm gonna tell you something. You motherfuckers brought this on yourselves. It didn't have to be this way. We could have had a nice country where Democrats and Republicans love the country. We agree that the country's wonderful. We agree, we gotta defend it. And maybe the Democrats think, oh, okay, we should maybe hike a few more taxes and do this. And maybe there's, that's not what happened. We now have one party that's like, you people are garbage or scum. Serial Nazi murderers, your savage animal garbage bag. People, you all suck.


And you know what happened? The garbage people, deplorable hay seeded, redneck, fascist, Nazi, whatever you call us You, know what I call those people? I call 'em patriots and heroes. They collectively gave the biggest double barreled middle finger ever to the establishment swamp class, trying to Lord over us and said, we're not kneeling today. You are the one. Now. You are the one who's gonna have to look in the mirror and say, man, we really fucked up. And yes you did, because we are so, so back. We're back, man. We're I told you more?


More? I got a couple thank yous that are really important. Number one, to the Bonino Army folks, I'm, this is not a sense of faux humility. Please, I hate that there is simply no way this show would've had the influence it had over this election. Without you, there's none. We went into the election, the number one most powerful digital show on the planet because of you. The facts. Back it up, man. We were the number one live stream every day. Millions of people were watching our show across multiple platforms.


That Clipse went viral everywhere. The Facebook page blew up. That was because of you. You could say, oh yeah, it was 'cause of you. Yeah, fine. But you could have picked anyone's content. I'm not the only guy out there doing good conservative content. You got a ton of them. You picked this show. Bino Army is now, we are in charge. Now. We are the most powerful force in this Republican movement right now. And that is because of you. You did this, you did this, and you deserve the biggest thank you of all. I met a bunch of you last night. I bet a bunch of them are groin crew speak Anita. but I got some gifts. I got a lobster. It's real, by the way.


This is a real lobster. I know. It looks like it stuff down. It's actually real. Oh, it's got the tag on it. Okay, so no, this is actually a real lobster. Oh, it's another tag from, I got that from the Groins. And also, you know, the new studio. The new studio was a Burger King converted. So they got me a Burger King ashtray. So, love you guys. Thank you for last night. Last night we tore up the internet with 500,000 when current live viewers. It was bad ass NBC at the end of the night. Squeaked the squeaked the victory out over us. But we were kicking ass and taking names and You know, I've asked the question often, ladies and gentlemen, you know the question I'm about to ask?


Yes sir. Gee, how'd you know that? I didn't even tell you. Was it bad enough? And the answer, put it up in the chat. Yes, it was, It was bad enough. And we finally, finally said, it's not bad enough anymore. Now it only gets better. Now it only gets better. So I want you to know, I made an executive decision here after GIS input. He says, I don't listen to him, but I do once in a while, Gee's, like, Dan, you need to put this in the beginning of the show. Not at the end. I was gonna end with this, but this is a perfect time to begin with it. This is probably the best way to start. Gee was correct. I just want you to listen to this.


Check this out. He's Correct. I know you're gonna get that on tape now and play it over and over again. I can see it already. It's gonna become a freaking sound clip. Jim's gonna put it on the radio. Shit. Just play a Trump thing. You win. Okay? We overcame obstacles that nobody thought possible and, and it's now clear that we've achieved the most incredible political thing. Look what happened. Is this crazy? But it's a political victory that our country has never seen before. Nothing like this. I want to thank the American people for the extraordinary honor of being elected Europe.


47th president and your 45th president. And every citizen, I will fight for you, for your family, and your future. Every single day, I will be fighting for you. And with every breath in my body, I will not rest until we have delivered the strong, safe, and prosperous America that our children deserve and that you deserve. This will truly be the golden age of America. That's what we have to have.


We did it, man. We did something really special last night. I'm gonna tell you, living this with you all, all 500,000 plus of you last night. And my crew and my wife, Paula, who I have to thank, she did an amazing, amazing job with my production team and living through it with Jim and Avita and Michael, who's been a new addition. And Justin who's been around, and gee, who's been around and all the groins and the people at the event, family and friends, folks, was a magic night. Man, I gotta tell you, I couldn't go to sleep. I, I tried. I couldn't go to sleep. It was two 40 in the morning.


I couldn't go to sleep. I didn't know what to do. I thought, do I just pull an all nighter like it was me Back in my old days at Queens College, I didn't know what to do. And then I woke up to this, my friend Lisa Booth, who's amazing. She's such a wonderful person, a Republican. You've probably seen her on Fox. Great conservative voice. She was at a Trump victory party. And she comes out into the hallway and folks, get ready. Get the Kleenex out. This just spontaneously broke out. I wanna play about 30 seconds of this. Get the Kleenex folks. I woke up to this in the morning and I couldn't hold it together. Check this out.


I encourage you to listen to that whole thing, man, it was hard to take this morning. And you know, listen, I get it. Like you, what may getting all choked up about it. you know, you people out there, ah, turn in your man card, but I don't really give a shit, man. I'm sorry. I just, man, I love this place so much. And I, the last three and three quarters of years, almost four years, we got our asses kicked, man. I mean, I did everything I could with the parlor and rumble and all this stuff.


And they kept coming after me and coming after you and censoring us and sticking masks on her face and, and injections in our freaking shoulders, and threatening our jobs and threatening our churches and the FBI, throwing people in jail, investigating people. It was just the, a mounds of red tape on our back. The, the, the government threatening us, you know, a senile president, the joker for a vice president. I mean, it was the, I didn't, I felt like it was never gonna stop. And it feels like just after last night, man, like the, just the weight of the world's been lifted off our shoulders. And I I know, you know, I maybe the tactical thing to say is right now, Hey man, our work isn't over.


We got all, yeah, I get all that. I understand. but I, think you and the chat agree with me today. 'cause you guys matter more than anything. Can we just take a day and enjoy this I promise you we'll get back to work tomorrow and the next day. you know, I've got a thousand things on my plate that we've gotta get done. We haven't sworn in yet. Yes, I know there's the kitchen sink. They're gonna throw everything at us. I get it. But just for today, after almost four years of bullshit, can we all just sit back and thank the Lord Almighty God, the most important thank you of all for saving this country from the horrors that would've lied ahead. Thank you, brother. I just, I, I don't know how to tell you how I feel.


I can't believe I slept three hours and I don't, I, it's, I never felt it. It is almost like something spiritual that happened last night. And folks, the victory was so resounding. What did I say to you? If you create a mandate, if you create a mandate and election victory is so big, they're not going to have any media vehicle to stop this thing. You may have done that last night. I say May because the left is so crazy. Who knows what they're gonna do. But watching the media just totally deflated. Oh, at least we'll say we had to popular. They got nothing. You gave them nothing you took from them last night.


Everything. Everything nearly every up in the air Senate race. We expected to win. We won. There were Senate races. We didn't expect to win. We may win. There were Senate races. I thought we were gonna lose that look like we won them. You took everything from them last night. Everything. And they tried to take everything from you. I wanna thank Elon Musk too. I don't know Elon. Elon doesn't know me. He doesn't need to know me. I'm telling you right now, if Elon Musk didn't buy Twitter, you might have had a different outcome. I want to thank someone else too.


Someone who doesn't get nearly the recognition he deserves. CEO of Rumble. My friend Chris Pavlovsky, when everybody banned Donald Trump on platforms. you know what Chris said over at Rumble? He said, fuck you motherfuckers. I'm putting Donald Trump on Rumble. And we did. When it wasn't fashionable, Chris did that. Took a lot of balls. Go back and look. No one was platforming Donald Trump because they were all scumbags. Chris did it. Chris stood up during Covid and let people talk about masks and vaccines. And they were right. There would've been no video home without him.


Thank you Brother Rumble. Set the standard last night. Rumble was the home between War Room and Charlie Kirk and Stephen Crowder and our show. Millions of people said double barrel, middle finger to the mainstream media. And we found a new home last night. Folks, you were also so unbelievably generous. I don't even know what to say. The Donald Trump baseball, we auctioned off last night. You know. Gee, what did you think it was gonna wrap? I thought Fi. What'd I tell you guys? 2000 bucks. I thought it would raise Donald Trump. Signed the ball. Luke, Mike 20. Mike Gee told Mike 20, Michael Ja B bid.


$50,000 for the Donald Trump baseball that Samaritan's Purse. Franklin Graham, you're about to get a check for $50,000 thanks to the generosity of Michael Jab B. And I want to give a shout out to a friend John Brenner, who was bidding up the price as well. You're a real patriot too. Samaritan's Purse. You got a big check coming your way and I wanna raise some more money for charity. So folks, I know you're feeling really good today. And I know I asked you one thing when I said vote early. And a lot of people question me. Some of you did. And you know it. You said, Dan, don't vote early. I said, vote early.


More, more, more. And why did I say it? Now? I'm gonna tell you why. Because political insiders who are very smart, I'm talking about winners, not losers, told me there's gonna be a flood on election day regardless. And they won't be able to know the numbers on election day. If you vote early, it's gonna fuck up their entire math. And it did. They had no idea what to do on election day because they couldn't figure out how many they needed because they couldn't calculate how many people had voted early versus how many were gonna show up on election day. 'cause we never vote early. That's why I said that Your brother will never steer you wrong.


I told you that was a winning strategy. I hope you believe me. Now, receipts matter, victories talk and bullshit walks. All those people on Twitter, fake conservatives were attacking me. Oh my gosh. Don't tell me you wanna go back and reevaluate now you think I'm stupid. More. More so for you. you know, we run a store, our proceeds go to charity. The groins got a sneak peek at this last night at the event. But one of our listeners submitted an idea for a shirt going forward. You wanna buy it? It's up to you.


but it looks like this. More, more four more years. Kids at is up for sale right now. store.bonino.com. Again, our proceeds go to charity. I promise. It's not some money making endeavor for me. But you guys built a computer lab for kids with this stuff. So there you go. Thank you to our listeners store, dopp bon gino.com More. More all caps, quarter million. Man, Justin's right again. Justin's like, how many people you think we're gonna have today? I said, I 200. He goes, quarter million. I go, nah, quarter mil 200. It not. This show's only 20 minutes in. I haven't even got to the first commercial break yet. More, more.


I wanna play this for you last night, folks. This happened on CNN last night where the meltdown was just, it's something to behold. CNN and M-S-N-B-C realizing they're on the wrong side of America in history was absolutely glorious. There's this guy at CNNI really like Scott Jennings. I don't know him. He went on CNN last night and gave probably the best one minute and 15 second explanation about what just happened. You need to hear every word of this. Check this out. This is a mandate has won the national popular vote for the first time since, for a Republican for the first time since 2004. This is a big deal. This isn't backing into the office. This is a mandate to do what you said you were gonna do.


Get the economy working again for regular working class Americans. Fix immigration, try to get crime under control. Try to reduce the chaos in the world. This, this is a mandate from the American people to do that. I think I'm interpreting the results tonight as the revenge of just a regular old working class American, the anonymous American who has been crushed, insulted, condescended to, they're not garbage, they're not Nazis. They're just regular people who get up and go to work every day and are trying to make a better life for their kids. And they feel like they have been told to just shut up when they have complained about the things that are hurting them in their own lives.


I also feel like this election, as we sit here and pour over this tonight, is something of an indictment of the political information complex. I mean, we've been sitting around here for the last couple of weeks and the story that was portrayed was not true. Told you, you did something special last night. There are a bunch of people out there who really hate your guts. I'm sorry to tell you that. Are they gonna engage in a moment of self-reflection today about the strategy of calling Americans garbage and deplorables, fascists and Nazis? The short answer, folks, I doubt it.


you know what? As I've told you over and over, there's only one way to defeat Collectivists whose only goal is hierarchy. They don't care about hypocrisy. They care about hierarchy. We are in charge and you are underneath us. That's how they've subjugated us for the last four years. The only way to defeat them is to remove the one thing they need to make your lives miserable. And you know what? That is power. And you took their power yesterday. You took everything from them yesterday. And now they're gonna spend days and weeks and months until Trump swears in in January. Hopefully we can get to that point. We'll talk about that tomorrow. I'm confident, I feel good. And I'm not gonna be a downer on this, but they're gonna sit there on these TV channels and try to explain to America why more than half the country told them to fuck off.


You won last night, man. You won big and you woke up to a different country today. I got texts from everybody. I got a text from the Comcast guy. Tell, I mean I'm, I can't even tell you how many people texted me last night, the sprinkler guy, American Flags, We, Are, So, Back. So back, I'm gonna show you in a second what the Harris campaign looked like last night. I'm gonna argue now. Jim, would you agree? The worst, as we said, the worst candidate they've run since Mondale. Absolutely. But Producer Jim's still here. Why is he? I have no idea. He actually put the show together today. 'cause I went home last night.


I just saw a cloud.


Hey, many Americans are tired and frustrated by a stolen economy, inflation, endless wars, and the relentless assault on our values. Thankfully, there's companies like Patriot Mobile that believe in America and our rights. I'm proud to partner with Patriot Mobile. They're on the front lines fighting for our rights, the sanctity of life and our military and first responder heroes. So take a stand for conservative causes. Put America first by switching to Patriot Mobile. Today we need the same nationwide coverage as the big providers. 'cause Patriot Mobile operates across all three major networks. Support the parallel economy. Patriot Mobile. They back their service with a coverage guarantee. Their 100% US based customer service team will find the best plan for your needs. Keep your number, keep your phone or upgrade. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Do it now and get a free month when you sign up and use the offer code. Dan, don't be fooled by other providers pretending to share our values of the same coverage. They don't and they can't join me. Switch to America's only Christian conservative mobile provider, Patriot Mobile. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot for your free month of service today. Thanks Patriot. Mobile.


Folks, the parallel economy has now arrived. I need a favor from you going forward. Please show people rumble. Show them how to download the app, show them how to follow our account, how to follow war room, how to follow Charlie's show. How to follow crowder's show bino.rumble.com/bonino. The parallel economy is here. Look at this. Top charts yesterday, rumble number three, download that app. Make it number one. Show this mainstream media, anti-conservative bias media and all of these people that we are in charge now. And you will have more of what you saw last night. Kamala Harris didn't have more, more, more.


I think more is gonna be our thing going forward. 'cause whenever you think there's more like Dan the election's over. No, no, there's more. No, no. There's more to be done. We're gonna celebrate today. but I guarantee you tomorrow I'll be talking about the midterms because that's just who I am. More always. More, more, more, more. Everything in this show is about more just when you think you won win more. When you think you won more, won more. When you think you won more or won more. East make up words. I don't care. More is all about more. We are now gonna pile on. 'cause I want more of this because Kamala Harris didn't even have the guts to come out last night and address her crew of supporters in Washington dc. She sent out a surrogate to tell everyone, Hey, basically beat it.


Kamala Harris, just like a coward, just beat feet and went back over to what the Naval Observatory and just sit there and and sat there and hid the entire how embarrassing. Watch this. We still have votes to count. We still have states that have not been called yet. We will continue overnight to fight to make sure that every vote is counted, that every voice has spoken. So you won't hear from the vice president tonight. I mean really? Kamala Harris doesn't concede.


Now listen, you don't wanna talk, you don't wanna talk, whatever. I don't really give a shit. But you understand. These people came out there. We did an event last night. I listen, I, I felt really good about it. Obviously I told you that. But there was no guarantee anyone was gonna win. We could have lost you think I would've walked out in the middle of the show? Hey, sorry guys. Show's over F this. Everybody go home. You are the vice president of the United States. Man. Have some balls. You don't have to go out there and give some big long speech, but you don't concede this thing is over. I get it. A lot of you in the chat may say they're gonna try stuff. Alright, well talk about that tomorrow folks. They can try whatever they want.


At this point. The numbers are overwhelming. I've told you over and over voter fraud is very real. There's entire files on it. It is not easy. However, you have to vote for people who won't vote themselves. You need a person to generate a ballot. The numbers are overwhelming. You completely swamp the system. There is simply no math. When liberal networks are calling the race, they're not gonna unca it because someone goes, Hey look, we found 60,000 ballots in a well somewhere. It's not gonna happen. You beat them. Take the W tonight and watch the recriminations.


They were already doing what I told you was gonna happen. They were already starting to do this guy did it. That guy did it. This guy did it. That guy did it. Listen to this segment from NBC where they're already blaming Joe Biden, like I said, for not getting outta the race early. This is gonna be just glorious to watch. Have fun with this over the next few weeks. Check this out, Jen. Has the conversation begun yet a about Joe Biden and about the decision to ask him to step aside. It will begin. It will begin depending on the outcome. Sure. And obviously we, there hasn't been a race call yet. If this, if this is not a Harris win, that will certainly be part of the discussion.


It is. She's run a campaign over the course of 107 days. That is not something we've seen in history. And there'll be lots of questions about exactly that, the timing and the impact of that. Well, Chuck was bringing up the history. I mean, in terms of vice presidents trying to win the presidency with a unpopular president. He said it's ver bordering on politically impossible. And this gets gets Ladies and gentlemen, enjoy it. Enjoy it. These are the same losers who told you your president 45 at the time was some Russian stooge. These are the same people who accuse you of being a bunch of dumb ass flyover country morons, even though you and your families built this place and feed everyone.


These are the same people shitting on our military. These are the same people who called you deplorables garbage. How many times we gotta say this, liberals think you're bad. People with ideas. We think liberals are people with bad ideas. It's not the same thing. It's not the same thing. And now you enjoy this. You enjoy this victory. When bad things happen to bad people, that's a good day for you. And now they don't know what to do. Watch them eat each other alive. You did something special last night. There were three things we focused on on this show.


I'm gonna get to in a little bit. Vote early. We could not stop talking about it and look it worked. The other thing we focused on, I dedicated my radio show exclusively to the US Senate. And we wanted, and the other thing I begged you to do was to show up no matter what state you were in, red, blue, or purple. Because we needed a popular vote mandate because now they have no vehicle. Oh, well, at least we won the, but yo, at least nothing. We took everything from you. You won nothing. Now you guys have to look at yourselves and watch the finger pointing. The same thing happened after the Reagan Bush era when they didn't know what to do when they were put out in the political wilderness and they had to run centrist again.


You're going to see that happen. If they're smart, which they're not. Eric Daughtry tweet, you are witnessing right now the greatest comeback in American political history. Folks impeached, charged and convicted by his political opponents on bullshit charges nearly killed twice accused of being Hitler and everything in between. And now the 47th president of the United States, thanks to you Bino army that came through in the clutch. More, much, always more.


Never enough, always more. I'm gonna take a quick break. I'm gonna get back to this, this, these media clips folks. You guys done watching the the media meltdown? I'm not, I'm not. I want you to watch CNN that cannot believe independent voters picked freedom over communism. Why? You can't believe it? I don't know. How have I not lost my voice already? By the way, I was talking for like eight hours yesterday. Time for you to be awake, not woke.


Hey listen, last night if you were at the event, John from Blackout, Coffee was there. He loves the Bino army. He said that once I told the Bonino army to go buy the cinnamon French toast coffee, which is amazing. It shot up to their number one flavor. Folks support the companies that support this show. They keep it free for you. Blackout Coffee. They use premium grade coffee beans. The owner of the company's an amazing guy who was there last night. you know, it's the official coffee of the Dan Bongino Show I'm proud of, personally recommended. Skip those long lines at the store. Order online, take care of Blackout Coffee. They take care of us. But do it because the coffee's good. I promise you it is top premium grade. Coffee beans, bold coffee taste, never bitter. Try the dark chocolate flavor. It's incredible. Go to Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. See what I'm talking about? They're the real deal. Stop drinking that woke corporate drunk coffee. It's time moving forward to support parallel economy companies. This is a good one. Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. Make the switch to Blackout Coffee. You're gonna need it today. A lot of you didn't sleep like I did.


And our last sponsor, before I get to CNN, totally melting down MyPillow, a large retail store just canceled a huge order leaving MyPillow with a ton of extra MyPillow. But guess what? That's their loss in your gain. For the first time ever. You'll get a standard classic MyPillow for wholesale prices only 1488. but it gets better for a limited time. They're gonna offer the entire classic collection at wholesale prices. Get Queen-sized my pillows for just 1888. Upgrade to king size for only a dollar more. Get the body pillow I use. I hug that thing for 29 88. Helps my shoulders and multi-use my pillows for only 9 88. So go to MyPillow dot com, use promo code Dan or call 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2. Take advantage of wholesale pricing for the first time ever and receive free shipping on orders over $75. Also, orders placed between now and December 25th will have their 60 day money back guarantee extended through March 1st, 2025. There are limited quantities of this price. The limit's gonna be 10. Once they're gone, they're gone. So go to MyPillow dot com or call 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2. Use promo code Dan. Once again, that's MyPillow dot com or call 1-800-637-FOUR 9 8 2 and use promo code Dan to get the standard MyPillow for only 1488. The lowest price ever. Thanks Mike and MyPillow, we appreciate it.


I am enjoying this thoroughly. You wanna call me a Nazi and a fascist? I'm gonna tell you to go if Trump and I'm gonna watch it. When you melt down, you realize how stupid of a strategy this was. Here's CNN and Jake Tapper left stunned by how independents are flipping the way of the GOP under Donald Trump. That last part's important under Donald Trump. Watch this. Independent voters, they make up 31% of the electorate that is a slightly larger share than what they made up four years ago. Trump is winning them by 11 points in these early exit poll results. 54% to 30%. Jake, four years ago, Joe Biden won independent voters in Georgia when he won the state by nine points.


So we've seen a swing of 20 points towards Trump in terms of the margin from nine point advantage four years ago with independence for Biden to now an 11 point advantage with independence for Trump in Georgia. Jake, Wow there, giant and Dana. That is really significance. We see some incremental changes here and there when it comes to young voters. She's doing slightly better non-college whites. He's doing slightly better. But that independent swing Is wild. It's a, it's a huge swing. And I just wanna underscore what David said. It is a bigger percentage of the vote share. Last time around it was 28% independence. I made up 28% of the Georgia vote and now it is 31.


Excuse me, 30% and excuse me. Yeah, no, I was right. 31%. And it is a total flip. It's a complete flip. Donald Trump is doing so much better about with independence than Kamala Harris. Folks, if you were watching our, were you guys watching our stream last night? Listen, I so deeply appreciate you being there. The team did an amazing job. They had put this together for months. I had had a couple shots of tequila. My brother, I think texted me and was like, Hey man, the show was a whole lot funnier after that double shot of 1942. Whatever, whatevs, man, I was having a blast. The reason we were able on our show to make calls a whole lot earlier is one, you know, corporate media.


They, they were just like, they had their heads up their asses. They're like, oh my gosh, we don't want the left wingers. So we were getting information through Jim, producer Jim from trusted sources that were telling us this thing was over. I said it so many times last night. If you guys played a drinking game every time I told you Kamala Harris was at a runway, you drunk, you would've been in the hospital, you would've had alcohol poisoning. There was no runway she needed at about nine 30 at night to pull ahead with at least one demographic in a swing state. A strong demographic for Democrats, women, suburban voters, black voters, Hispanic voters. None of that happened anywhere. Anywhere in any swing state.


We were getting numbers out of like Arizona, Hispanics at nine o'clock. That's how I knew it was over. That's why I told you, we said we would go to 1130, went to like 1145. I told you as I got off the air, folks, this thing is over. There is no runway for her. There was nowhere to go. Here's Josh crash hour. Here's the story of the election night from Fox's voter analysis. White voters. 53 40, 53 43. Trump was 55, 43 Trump in 2020. Okay, but look at black voters. 81 15 Harris was 91 8 Biden. Wait, hold this. Keep that up there. What did I tell you months ago? Jim? Remember?


And a bunch of people attacked us. Did we not say they get about 15% of black vote? You remember, I remember the guy, eh, you're crazy. You say that every time. Who's crazy now? Who's crazy now? Hispanic voters. 56 40 Harris was 63, 35 Biden in 2020. She had no runway folks. She had no runway. Donald Trump's greatest gift of the Republican party is gonna be altering the demographics of our party forever. Here's Ryan Gosky. Trump won Star County, Texas, the most Hispanic county in America by 16 points the last time Star County Texas voted Republican.


What does that say? Does that say 1992? He says No, it says 1890. 1892. Shit, man, that's a long time ago. Not even Jim was born yet. Not even Jim was born yet. That that 1892 folks, they were out of runway. I think we brought this talking point up last night early. They were out of runway. Look at Ted Cruz's performance in Texas. Texas Senate race. Ted Cruz won Latino voters by six points in his last race. He lost it by 29. That's a slight 35 point swing. Just a little bit. Just a little bit.


Demographic destiny moment Demographic, destiny moment. You just said it. This whole demographic destiny replacement theory thing is turning out to be the biggest big tactical mistake they have ever made in their lives. You think legal immigrants who are Hispanic in this country, you think they want illegal immigration. My wife is one of them. She's sitting there saying, what the hell did I go through this whole process before you get to come in here for free? Are we at 284,000 Holy Moses, 284,000 a day after? I can't believe everybody's up. I'm really, you guys are. I knew I'd be here, but 285,000.


God bless you all for coming back folks. I hate to do this, but there are a couple people I really dislike on Twitter, so I think we should embarrass him. Are you okay with this? I know we prob IIII feel like we got, we we gotta do it. I'm really sorry. But yeah, I'm, I'm gonna get to Trump on a popular vote in a second. But can you throw up Pete Bahara? I really can't stand this guy. He was supposed to be an independent prosecutor for the government and he turned into a hack and a goofball. And he's a big, obviously Kamala Harris supporter. He said on November 4th, who will have the most egg on their face? And some jerk wad responded, oh, here's a bunch of people. Fox News, Charlie Kirk, Meghan Kelly, he doesn't even get my name right.


Joe Bonino. That's my brother douche bag. I'm Dan Bonino, ah, I guess Brandon from Brooklyn. I guess the only one with egg on their face. And, and they're nuts. And your back and your chest and everywhere else is you dbags not us. Huh? Maybe you should have shut your mouth to laugh. The election. A lot of people texted me a couple hours before the results came in. you know, my, my friend Sean and others and I didn't answer them and I think they thought I was being rude. you know why I didn't answer? Because I don't count my chickens before they hatch. I told you, don't talk about a red wave until the red wave happened and you saw it last night. You don't talk about that shit till after it's over. Or you wind up on my show like Brandon from Brooklyn, who we now made famous.


Leon Musk. Leon Musk. Is that a, is that Elon's cousin? Can this guy even spell Leon Musk? That's Elon's cousin. His long Lu cousin. It's his stepbrother. You say stepbrothers with Will Farrow go Leon and Elon. Here's another one that DBA Anthony Scaramucci who lasted about 11 minutes in the White House. Remember Scaramucci de Mooch? Who was my nickname? De Mooch Harris will win November. Yeah, good call there. Mooch. You're an investor, aren't you? And you do some investing, maybe be on the wrong side. I'm not sure I'd exactly invest in your thing. I want to, I'm gonna get back to the Trump popular vote thing. Don't let me let that go.


but I would be remiss if I did not thank someone here also in the beginning of the show. And I want you all in the chat 'cause this is gonna go down and be memorialized in the chat to send a thank you two ladies and gentlemen, Scott Presler in Pennsylvania. I'm gonna tell you something right now. Nobody did more than this guy to win this election. People did as much, but no one did more. This guy gave everything, everything. Scott Presler lived in Pennsylvania and probably burned through 25 sets of tires getting people registered. He put this tweet up this morning and I thought, this guy deserves a special shout out on my show.


And candidly, if you were in conservative media and you're not thanking this guy today, shame on you. He said, president Trump received more votes in Butler County, Pennsylvania, where he took a bullet for us than in 2020. Scott Presler. Guys, listen, I'm not forgiven orders on this show. I'm not a general in this army. I'm just a soldier like you with a microphone. His ex account is at Scott with two T's presler with one S-P-R-E-S-L-E-R. It's an order. Anita. Put it out as an official. Everyone needs to follow this guy. You can't be part of the Bonino army. Now this guy deserves it. you know, guys like us with the radio shows and the podcast. We get a lot of accolades and stuff and believe me, I appreciate it.


And the Bonino Army did a lot. But this guy, Pennsylvania, this guy, almost single handedly registered probably in the hundreds of thousands of people. Thank you to Scott Presler. Jim, can we book him on the show next week? Absolutely. The radio show. I just want to, I, I don't even, I just want to talk about, I just wanna thank him. Can we book him for the next election? Can we book him for the next election? Justin, but I, I think Scott's just begun. Folks, I think he's just begun. Folks, the popular mandate. I told you this was important. You cannot give the media anything. They're gonna make stuff up.


Don't think for a second, I'm telling you. Oh, they're gonna self-reflect and change. There's a 90% probability they get even crazier in the next few weeks. There is. They will do something nuts. I guarantee it. They'll be like a preemptive impeachment. The 14th Amendment. We'll talk about that tomorrow. Okay? Well, just please enjoy yourself. You deserve it. You deserve it. But Donald Trump said something last night's really important folks, winning that popular vote mattered because now 49% of the country may be less. That's the look at the other 51. They called Nazis and say, holy shit, how did we get that so wrong?


Check this out. We also have won the popular vote. That was great. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Now winning the popular vote was very nice. A very nice, I will tell you it's a great, a great feeling of love. We have a great feeling of love in this very large room with unbelievable people standing by my side.


These people have been incredible. They've made the journey with me. And we're gonna make you very happy. We're gonna make you very proud of your vote. I hope that you're gonna be looking back someday and say, that was one of the truly important moments of my life when I voted for this group of people beyond the president, this group of great people. Now folks, a sane, rational actor, not the left. I said sane and rational. They would say he won in 2016, but lost the popular vote. We fleed it from him in 2020. Put him in jail, locked him up.


He was shot. We've civilly done everything we can to bankrupt him. None of this stuff worked. And he actually gets, he actually wins the popular vote. Again, you would think a sane person would be like, maybe it's time for us to put the mirror in front of our face and go, man, we really suck. But again, showing you, I don't think these people have the capacity for it. Here's CNN. We're already, they're starting with the, was this like a racist? The racist race? No, your candidate just sucked. She just sucked. Check this out. The math Is that she's running behind. That's 53% for the president and once again, the vice president.


So there'll be a lot of conversations about blue collar workers. Is it sexism? Is it racism? Is it because she didn't break with Biden on cost of living issues? This is gonna be the conversation if this map continues. They are not, they. Every excuse in the book is gonna come out folks. Now you're thinking to yourself, there's no way they're gonna go back to like the Russia thing, right? It did not take them five minutes. And Moscow, Maddow, Ru Russia, Rachel Maddow, is there a person that guys, seriously, is there a person in the, she may not be a top three talking head 'cause she's not around as much anymore. Has there been a person in the media humiliated more than Rachel Maddow, remember her with the income taxes thing, big breaking news story on the air.


They found out Donald Trump pays his income taxes and donates money to charity. You remember that? But people forgot about that. Her embedding her entire career inside the Russia hoax, like freaking Luke Skywalker. And what was that thing? They cut open the ante or something. She did. There's no one been more humiliated than Earth. Here's M-S-N-B-C last night bringing up a new Russia hoax. Now you gotta hear this one. This is a gem. Check this out. America and our traditional allies is likely going to end. The whole five eyes thing is likely going to end. Hmm. If you've got America switching sides in the Ukraine, Russias war to instead support Russia or to become neutral, which means would mean in this case to support the aggressor, to support Russia.


If you've got ongoing secret communications eaten out of government between the Republican nominee and the person who funded his campaign and led his ground game, right? Both of whom are communicating with the Russian government without reporting those, that information to the US government. And on top of that, you've got reporting from the New York Times that they're considering. Once there is a second Trump administration, if it happens to stop performing background checks, yes. Before giving people security clearance, meaning giving classified information to anyone that supposedly at the instigation of a Trump campaign official who was born in Moscow.


Folks, you know, I probably should be laughing because they, they're still in charge and I, it, it's, I don't know what to do. I I I just, these people are so insane. You, you, you really like, it's padded room time. Like at what point do you say to yourself, like, how many times are we gonna get kicked into Jimmy here by, but people, you, you've done, there's nothing more to do. You've shot him, you've locked him up, you've civilly sued him. You've created probably upwards of five or six serious hoaxes that would, it's probably 20 more, but I mean like really incredibly damaging hoaxes that damage international relations.


And you still got your asses kicked. I mean, at what point does Moscow Maddow go, holy shit, this is embarrassing. Like, I have parents, they imagine being her par. I'm serious. Who's your kid? Rachel Madie. Russia. Rach, what do you say? No, no, the other one. Like, do you, how do you, you you what? Aren't you embarrassed? I mean, a little bit. I, I guess it does, man. Justin says it helps when you sell your soul. I, I hope she got the gold coins for it, man. Because this is really, at this point, embarrassing. At what point do you just say, we lost, we lost, let's go down and get a group together of actual Democrat voters and say, Hey man, we screwed this thing up.


How can we do better? They can't do it. It is not in their DNA again, today's the day to celebrate. Okay? You deserve it tomorrow. Here's what I'm gonna start discussing a little bit. It's not downer stuff. It's not, there's two paths going forward for the Democrats. We'll call 'em the mandate strategy and the kitchen sink strategy. The mandate strategy is, Hey man, we got our asses kicked. There's gonna be some Democrats doing this. I promise you it's not gonna be a lot, but there are gonna be some, because they're donors and they wanna win. They're gonna say, we lost.


It's time to move on enough with the fascist bullshit. We're gonna move on and we're gonna start anchoring ourselves in policy. I know because it happened before with the Democrat Leadership Council after Reagan, Reagan Bush, when they were put out in the wilderness. That's probably gonna be a small minority of the party. The kitchen sink, sink strategy, which we'll start getting tomorrow, is something we have to keep our eyes on in the next few days. You're gonna enjoy today. That's in order you're gonna enjoy today no matter what. They may throw everything at us. We're better prepared this time. But the 14th Amendment, we'll see what Jamie Raskin, that lunatic member of Congress from Maryland who was talking about, you know, not letting Trump take office and stuff.


We'll see what they do, but we'll get into that over the next few days. So everyone just kinda please enjoy today. Put a big smile on your face. Have a drink. Non-alcoholic. Alcoholic. As long as you're not driving or taking care of kids, you enjoy yourself, I want you to go into the weekend and think to yourself that the country you knew you had was still there. You just had to pull it out. You did it. You went out there and did something. Talk is bullshit. If it doesn't motivate action, it is freaking worthless. I can give all the speeches in the world if they don't get people to go out and fill in a bubble in an election than we lost.


And last night we didn't. We won. I had another mission though. There were two really important ones for me. The third one was the mandate, but tactical missions. I was driving you guys crazy and I'm sorry, and I hope now in the chat, you understand about voting early. Do you understand now in the chat why I was doing what I was doing? Folks, when you run for office and lose, you learn a lot and you make a lot of really good contacts. And there were people that assured me that they were not expecting a massive turnout in the early vote. And when they did, what wound up happening is the calculation they had made for election day.


Even if you built in scamming and cheating or whatever, the calculation got so messed up, they did not have enough time. I was assured this by people. I promise. you and I both would trust we did it. But there are some races right now. My second mission, sorry, I didn't mean to get off on a tangent, but vote Early was mission one. Mission two was the US Senate. Why was Mission two the US Senate? Because folks, Clarence Thomas and Sam Alito may retire and also forget about this, the Supreme Court. There are gonna be a ton of federal judgeships open and we have lost the judiciary for years to liberal lunatics.


You want Donald Trump appointing people? Yeah, we do. He's not gonna appoint anyone without the Senate. That was our mission on the radio show. Jim was hustling every day. Bernie Moreno, Tim Sheehy twice, Ted Cruz. Twice. We were not losing the Senate and we won. Right now we have 52. The Cinco dose, we, I know that's not how you say 52. That's how I say it in my, we got the Cinco dose. And here's the good thing. Tim Shehe won of Montana. Congratulations. West Virginia was an absolute blowout. That was to be expected. Bernie Moreno, big congrats in Ohio. So we've got 52 now by my measure, that's a majority.


And of course you've got JD Vance, who would be the tiebreaker, even if we lose two, which you will with Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins. But here's the good news. Sam Brown in Nevada, another guy we had on could pull that out. Still open yet, it's not done yet. Dave McCormick in Pennsylvania is looking amazing. That looks like a likely but not definitive. 53 McCormick in Pennsylvania. We had on the show, thank you, producer Jim. Amazing campaign defeated. Look, may, we are looking very, very, very good. May have defeated Bob Casey, who's a legacy. That would be 53. We get Brown, that's 54.


Eric H in Wisconsin is down by a little bit. Could still pull it out. That could be 55. Mike Rogers in Michigan, who we did not have on, he ran a different kind of more centrist campaign. But Michigan probably 50 environment could be 56. I think 54. 54 is a reasonable place to go. I think Brown's gonna pull it out. And I think McCormick looks great. 54. And we hold the house. Ladies and gentlemen, we got two years to rock and roll folks, I'm gonna leave you today with this clip. The left wing media thought it was an effective strategy to kick us all in the teeth, to put their boots on our necks, to engage in law, fair and censorship.


Thinking we weren't gonna revolt against socialism and collectivism and tyranny and authoritarianism. I want you all in the left wing media to know that all those independents and all those other voters that traditionally voted Democrat, that flipped over to our side. You did this, you incentivize this lawfare and this weaponization of government and in the greatest strategic, tactical backfire I've ever seen, it was your targeting of Donald Trump that martyred him. And now your own media people are starting to recognize that you may have created this. Watch this. Is It possible these cases actually helped him win this election? Oh, listen, we're in Florida.


The governor here, Ron DeSantis said it best that every time Donald Trump got indicted, his poll numbers went up. So without question, the cases absolutely helped him, not only to get over the line, but I think also expanded. you know, some of the people that supported him. I mean, so many people, Diane, I, I heard it myself, You know, just walking around Madison Square Garden a couple of weeks ago and listening, just listening to the supporters that were there. And so many were commenting about the cases, saying they thought it was unfair. Thought. Thought, you know, that it was all rigged. The greatest strategic, tactical, political backfire in American history.


Folks, I'm getting some reports from some people that Kamala Harris may concede today. She should have conceded last night. It's disgraceful. She didn't. She got blown out. She got destroyed. We'll see what happens. I want to thank you again. Bonino Army. You made my life, everyone's life in this country so much better. You did what we asked you to do. You did it. You brought out your friends, you showed up, you brought 10 people and you fought, fought, fought. I'll see you guys back here tomorrow at 11. God bless America. You just heard the Dan, Bongino, Show.