
Hey there. Welcome to the Friday edition of VINCE, just ahead of an important Memorial Day weekend. I hope you have big plans with the ones you love. Great to have you with us today. And boy, do we have a big show for you. I'm gonna go into some of the more details of the Big Beautiful Bill, including some of the grotesque Nazi experiments that the, the Republicans are stopping here with this Big Beautiful Bill. Thank God that's happening. Also, we're gonna get into what might happen with the Autopen presidency. Is it possible to invalidate the Biden era? I hope so. We'll, we will explore that. And lefties who break the law, well, they're facing consequences.


More on that ahead. On VINCE, again, Great to have you with us today on the show. Always nice to talk to you, whether it's via the podcast or live on rumble.com/ VINCE each day, 10:00 AM eastern worldwide. Great to have you here.


Let me thank our sponsors today that make all of this possible, including ammo squared. You know about ammo squared. This episode is brought to you by ammo squared. Do you remember the great ammo shortage of 2020 shelves were bare and even online. Options were completely wiped out. There's a company in Idaho now that's helping to make sure that that never happens again. It's called ammo squared. And you see they've been helping over 80,000 members stockpile ammo automatically since 2015. You sign up, you pick your ammo from over 70 different calibers, set up an auto buy budget, and then choose a shipping trigger. Over time your ammo accumulates and it's stored for free in ammo, squared's, climate controlled warehouse until you're ready to ship it. No minimums, no extra fees. It's perfect for small budgets or anybody who wants to build up a stockpile without spending thousands or hundreds of dollars upfront. Ammo squared is the smarter way to stockpile ammo. You just set it and you forget it, ship it when you need it. It's the easiest way to stay prepared without the hassle. Head to ammo squared.com and take the work out of buying ammo, 80,000 members and thousands of five star ratings. They can't be wrong. That's ammo squared.com. Check them out today. You must be 18 or older and not prohibited from possessing ammo. Must be 21 for handgun ammunition.


Well, well, well, it's a, it's a big Friday. Great to have you back with us today. We have a lot of things going on. I I wanna examine one thing in the Big Beautiful Bill. One specific thing that stands out to me in the Big Beautiful Bill this morning that I mentioned in, in small part yesterday, but I wanna dwell on just a little bit more today. And that is, that Trump's Big, Beautiful Bill defund transgender surgeries all the way across the country. No more federal spending on this. No more federal spending on this at all. This is a big piece. Breitbart has an excellent piece up on this today. Take a look here.


Trump's Big Beautiful Bill Defunds Medicaid covered transgender surgery. Now, even before we dive into any more of the details, do you understand what it means? If something is Medicaid covered? It means it's for poor people. It's for poor people in the United States. So the federal government has been funding the sterilization of the poor. The federal government takes your tax dollars and it's been funding genital mutilations on poor people in the United States of America. Now, I don't, not sure how much more depraved you can get. Of course, this is part of the pattern with the left, which is all in on killing babies. Also all in on genital mutilation for both children and adults.


The bill that the house just passed, the Big Beautiful Bill forbids, this now says, no more. You can't do that. But what I wasn't aware of was the scale of this, how big this problem was. We knew it was happening. How much is it happening? Breitbart, Olivia Rondo, great reporter reporting the following, president Donald Trump's sweeping tax and spending budget lovingly dubbed the one Big Beautiful Bill strips, Medicaid's funding for transgender surgeries, a move that's gonna impact a large portion of such procedures if it does pass the Senate. And God willing, it does. That reconciliation budget, which just passed the House of Representatives by a 2 15, 2 14 to one vote, would've initially prohibited Medicaid from just covering gender transition procedures for children only.


But on late Wednesday, they added an amendment that got rid of the word minors and, and under 18 years of age from the language, meaning that no adult will be allowed to do this either. You can't do this to an adult. You can't mutilate their genitals. You can't pump them full of hormones under the guise that somehow they're gonna become a different gender. I'm telling you, you were born a certain way. Your body's not a mistake. And don't let anybody tell you otherwise. That's abuse. Gender transition treatments that would no longer be covered include puberty, blockers, hormone therapy, and surgeries. No MAs. A 2023 study.


Get ready for the data here. A 2023 study by gynecologists from Columbia University and USC, university of Southern California Los Angeles, revealed that a staggering 25% of so-called gender affirming surgeries in the United States are covered by Medicaid. 25%. My jaw, she done dropped 25% of so-called gender affirming surgeries, all paid for by taxpayers covered by Medicaid, which means that the federal government has been mutilating poor people using your tax dollars.


Out of the 48,000 patients who were identified in this report who underwent such surgeries, over 12,000 of them were paid for by federal taxpayers, Medicaid recipients, Medicaid recipients. This is a human rights atrocity. And these are, these are massive numbers. Remember the left likes to say things like, oh, this is very rare. This never happens. And if it does happen, it's a good thing. They're all over the place in their attempts to justify this, this cruelty. But the reality is that the problem is so much bigger than they even wanna admit. 25% of all of these mutilations paid for by taxpayers.


And it also goes back to this other number that stood out to me that we learned in the past year. You know that in the women's prisons, in among federal inmates, in women's prisons, 15% of the prison population, men, these are women's prisons, 15% of the inmates are men pretending to be women. And then of course, going on to victimize the women who are in those prisons, sexually assaulting women who are actually supposed to be in those prisons. 15% of all of the inmates that was at the, that was at the end of the Biden administration. The New York Times had a report on that subject. It was almost buried in their report.


Yeah. So these, these problems are not small, they're not tiny. They are immense. This is what the left has created. And so this bill, the house version of it banishes this. No more gen general mutilation, no more sterilization of the poor. I said this at the top, I'll say it again. This is Nazi stuff. This is Nazi stuff that they've been doing. And it's not gonna happen anymore. The United, the United States Senate, whatever debate they want to have over the Big Beautiful Bill, they wanna argue over the salt deduction and other issues that they have. This should not be an argument at all there, there should not be a single Republican on the planet who supports the gen, the taxpayer funded genital mutilation of the poor, the taxpayer funded sterilization of the poor.


So this is, this is a very big piece of this, and I'm grateful, I'm very grateful for the President to push this and for these Republicans to actually get that done. So that's a, that's a really big piece here. Our friend Terry Shilling over at the American Principles Project is considers this to be a major, major victory as President Trump's Big, Beautiful Bill fully defund all of these sex change procedures for adults and minors. It's the right policy and it's incredibly popular. Only 23% of Americans think gender transitions should be funded for adults and only 16% for kids.


I'm, I'm, I'm saddened that is that high. 23% of Americans think that mutilating an an individual turns them into a different gender. I'm sorry. I'm here to tell you, you are lying to yourself and you are being lied to about this issue. But, but again, this Trump administration in place, and so things are healing here. So this is a, this is a really, really big victory worth reflecting on, and glad to have it Now that vote, it's interesting that that vote almost didn't come through. You saw the numbers at the top. I mentioned Speaker Mike Johnson was celebrating. They won this thing two 15 to two 14. Now, how does that happen?


Two 15 to two 14. In a world where the Republicans have an eight vote advantage right now in the house, how do you end up with just two 15 to two 14? Well, speaker Mike Johnson has an explanation for this. As far as I'm concerned, it's not a very good one. He thinks that at the very least, the Republicans deserve more credit. Here's one of the issues. Republicans, at least one Republican was asleep during the vote. And then another Republican voted too late. He voted after the allowed time to cast his ballot. What are we sending these people to Congress for? You can't be awake for the vote. You can't get your vote in on time. Take a look here. We've got, we've got, where am I at here?


I've got the speaker of the house. You do have it. Okay, good. I've got the Speaker of the house talking about this. Take a look. Three vote margin, by the way, I just want you to know for the record, we really had 217 votes this morning. Andrew Garbarino did not make it in time. He fell asleep in the back. No kidding. I know I'm gonna just strangle him. But, and then, but he's my dear friend. And, and, and then David Schweikert was gonna vote and slipped his card in right at the last minute. So it looks like a razor thin margin. Two 15 to two 14 and one present. It was really two 17. Okay, will y'all put a footnote somewhere in history on that thing? Huh? They're both gonna go on record saying that's how they would've voted if they got the card in, in time. Thank you so much for being here. Bless you all.


Thanks. All these guys. It's unbelievable. It's unbelievable. It's, it is just, it's no big deal. It's just the biggest vote so far of the Trump presidency. And Garbarino was asleep for it. And Schweiker showed up too late to cast his ballot. Fellas, I don't know If you understand what the job is. Look, I get it. You were up all night. It's, you're very tired from all of that. You're trying to get this passed, and that happens. But I'm sorry, you've gotta just caffeine up baby and get in there. Cast the ballot. How absurd that it came, that close. And what that means is, if all things had held Jerry Connolly's death earlier this week is the only reason the bill passes by one vote.


Otherwise it would've been deadlocked. It's unreal. It is totally unreal. Now you should know there are two Republicans who voted against this bill, or two Republicans who voted against it. And here's the daily callers coverage of it. Why two Republicans voted against Trump's Big Beautiful Bill. One of those is Thomas Massey of Kentucky. Now, this has already got the White House talking about how the president's gonna support a primary challenge against Massey. And Massey himself is fundraising off of that status, saying, well, the president and the press secretary are coming after me to fund a primary challenge, so I need people to donate to me. So Thomas Massey of Kentucky, Warren Davidson of Ohio, they both joined with House Democrats to oppose the Big Beautiful Bill this week.


White ass press Secretary Caroline Levitt did tell reporters that the president is supporting these primary challenges, saying quote, I don't think he likes to see grand standers in Congress. What's the alternative? I would ask those members of Congress, they wanna see a tax hike. They wanna see our country go bankrupt. That's the alternative of them trying to vote no. And the President believes the Republican party needs to be unified. And the vast majority of Republicans clearly are, and they're listening to the president. Republicans like Thomas Massey and others, they need to take note. She said, now why did they vote against this? Massey said that the bill is a quote, debt bomb ticking. He said, I'd love to stand here and tell the American people we can cut your taxes and we can increase your spending and everything's gonna be just fine.


I can't do that. Said Massey. This bill dramatically increases deficits in the near term, but promises our government will be fiscally responsible five years from now. Where have we heard that before? How do you bind a future Congress to these promises? This bill is a debt bomb ticking. Davidson said similar things here. He said he loves many things in the bill, promising someone else will cut spending in the future does not cut spending. He wrote the social media deficits do matter and this bill grows them. Now the only Congress we can control is the one we're in. Consequently, I can't support this big deficit plan. Now, these two guys are not the only ones who had raised concerns about spending and debts and saying, Hey, we're not cutting enough here.


And by the way, I said yesterday as I was reviewing the contents of the bill, and I'll keep saying that, one and a half trillion dollars over 10 years, not enough. $150 billion a year is nowhere near enough in spending cuts. But this is where President Trump comes in. President Trump has a power called the rescission power. He can make a request to Congress, a formal request in order to cut spending saying no more of that. I don't wanna do this spending anymore on this crazy project. We're spending too much money there, rescind that Congressional authorization. Take that money back and Congress can do it. And the cool thing is Congress doesn't need a super majority in the Senate to do it.


They can do it with a simple majority vote, just 51. And Russ vote, he's the head of the Office of Management and Budget. He was just on yesterday with Steve Bannon and he was talking about this and he said, yes, we are going to do that. So for the masses and the Davidsons of the world, the guys who wanna see cuts after this Big Beautiful Bill gets, gets through right now, the White House is indicating they're gonna be sending big rescission packages to the United States Congress to get these cuts through. That's a very big deal. And so our obligation here as Americans who wanna see cuts to our government restraint in the spending is to remind Congress that it has a job to do here.


That the White House should send over these rescission packages that is cut spending requests that lets them do it with a simple majority vote in the Senate. And then we've gotta place pressure on Congress to deliver. So I'll stand shoulder to shoulder with Massey and Davidson and Chip Roy and anybody else who wants to cut spending. But on the point about the Big Beautiful Bill, this thing has to get passed. These are massive tax cuts for the American economy. Massive, massive fuel for the American economy. You will see revenue to the government go up with more economic activity. We've already seen that before. That happened in 2017 into 2018. It's gonna happen again here. Deliver on cuts for sure.


But don't imperil the agenda that the American people just voted for. Chip Roy from Texas. He came around here, he came around because he said he does believe that the executive branch is gonna do these cuts that need to take place and Congress can codify them through the Rescissions program. So that's a, that's a a very big deal here. But in case you were wondering how the votes all settled out, one Republican congressman fell asleep. One Republican congressman failed to show up in time for the vote. Two Republican congressmen voted against this thing. And one Republican congressman voted present on the bill. One republican congressman voted president, that was the, the head of the Freedom Caucus voting president on this.


So by the skin of their teeth, they got this thing across and, and there it is. There's the, there's the actual package. It makes its way through. They fell asleep, had a garbarino fall asleep. That's so crazy to me. All right, coming up, what else should Congress be doing here? And also coming up? I, I've gotta tell we've got the head of the Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department joining us on the show. Harmeet Dhillon is gonna be here in this episode. VINCE, we're gonna talk to her about her investigation into the violations of civil rights law going on right now by Chicago Mayor Brandon Johnson.


Brandon Johnson, who is flagrantly violating civil rights law in Chicago, saying that he hires people on the basis of their skin color. He dulls out government contracts on the basis of their skin color. He said it in a church over the weekend, within 24 hours like that HARM di in the Civil Rights Division at the Justice Department launched a full blown investigation into Brandon Johnson. And it, and meanwhile, there's a parallel Equal Employment Opportunity Commission investigation, EEOC, also going into the city of Chicago, also going on into Mayor Brandon Johnson. This is huge. This never happens before. It never happened. The Deep State always prevented this from happening.


The Trump administration and HARM di are breaking through that. And I So Harm Di is coming up on the show. I've got a lot to ask her, including Brandon Johnson. Now straight up accusing President Trump of being a racist in his words, monster. He says he's a monster. I'll ask Harm di what she thinks about that. That's, that's straight ahead and, and a and a close look at the Autopen presidency of Joe Biden in just moments.


Before we get there, I wanna thank our sponsors, including Blackout Coffee. Blackout Coffee just charges up my day every day, baby. They're a great sponsor of this program. And the owner of Blackout Coffee is a fellow called John John's, the real deal. He built blackout coffee from the ground up. He doesn't compromise on quality or values. This is America First Coffee. It's roasted fresh right here in the United States. No woke nonsense. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as You know, blackout Coffee has been the official coffee of everybody here at Silver Lock. So you do know that this is a brand that stands for the right values And it really helps that it's a delicious cup of coffee. It's amazing. I love the espresso roast. It, it is perfect for me. I drink my coffee Black meaning I can taste the difference in different types of coffee. Blackout coffee is just right there at the top of the food chain. It is so good. You're gonna love it. Here's the deal. John is giving you a great hookup. You can head over to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE, use the code VINCE, that's VINCE, and you'll get 20% off your first order. So whether you're like hold bean ground or even instant coffee that doesn't suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE, use the code VINCE, and you're gonna get 20% off your first order blackout coffee. So wonderful. Okay. Yeah, no, they that's right. They need some blackout in Congress, don't they? That's a smart idea. I love that. And Hemi, yes, they do. To, to wake Garbarino up to get him to show up for his votes on time. Come on Garbarino. You gotta get this across the finish line, dude. You can't just be sleeping on the job.


Okay, what else should Congress be doing? Well, we do have an interesting update on whether or not they're actually gonna tackle the sins of the Autopen presidency. Here's a piece today from Axios that the House Republicans are now demanding that Joe Biden's doctor, that would be Kevin O'Connor. Remember the doctor? The doctor is a personal friend and a business partner of the Biden family. The House Republicans now are demanding that he come in for testimony and that Joe Biden's advisors come in to testify as well on the status of Biden's Health. Now this is an important first step. You need to have that testimony underway and you gotta get these guys under oath testifying about what they knew and what was happening during the Biden presidency.


That is the predicate to going after disqualifying the behavior, the actions of the Biden presidency. The Republican Lighthouse Oversight Committee yesterday Thursday, took its first step in its new investigation of the White House's handling of former President Biden's Health. They're now demanding testimony from Biden's doctor, his business partner, and his top advisors. They say that the probe comes amid a renewed focus on Biden's age. This is where they plug Alex Thompson's book. Alex Thompson's, a reporter for Politico, Alex Thompson and Jake Tapper. Senator Ron Johnson said Wednesday. He is launching a parallel investigation into Joe Biden's Health as well.


So Senator Johnson is gonna handle that over on his side. And then on the house side House Oversight committee chairman James Comer has now sent letters to Biden's personal physician Kevin O'Connor, as well as former White House officials including Nira Tandon. All of these guys are deep, deep Democrat establishment officials, Nera Tanan, Anthony Bernal, Annie Tamini, and Ashley Williams. All seeking testimony from them on Joe Biden's cognition, his ability to do the job at all. In the letter to Kevin O'Connor Comer cited his 2024 assessment that Biden was quote, robust and fit to successfully execute the duties of the presidency, as well as Axios reporting from Biden's cognitive struggles.


The committee commerce says, seeks information to ensure accurate information was provided to the American people. And your health reports were not subject to any improper influence. And then additionally, he was asking the aides questions about who made key decisions and exercised the powers of the executive branch during the Biden administration. This is a very big deal. You want congressional hearings on any subject? How about the constitutional crisis of the Biden presidency? Joe Biden, as far as any of us can tell, wasn't making any meaningful decisions inside of that White House. Instead, those decisions were being made by people like Ron Klain and Bob Bauer and Anita Dunn.


That's according to Ed Martin's testimony recently where he says he's got whistleblowers telling him, no, no, no, these guys were the three, these guys were the three who were making all the decisions. They were the gatekeepers here, not Biden. Getting to the bottom of this is of paramount importance. And it can't just be outraged hearings where Senator Johnson or or Congressman Comer or Congressman Jordan, they can't just be pounding the table saying, how awful was this? Well, sure, start with how awful it was. But then get to, were the, were the pieces of legislation that had biden's signature on them. Legitimate was the Inflation Reduction Act, which never reduced inflation.


It just exploded spending. Was that a legitimate piece of legislation? Can we disqualify that entirely on the basis of Biden lacking the cognition to even support it. What about all of the pardons of the Biden family? What about the pardons of Adam Schiff and Mark Milligan? The list goes on and on. Dr. Fauci, it is crazy what took place in the Biden era. And if we can recover from that by getting to the bottom of this, that'd be a very big deal. So my request for Congress is I don't merely want outraged hearings. I want consequential hearings. I want hearings that both bring transparency and accountability that bring the truth to the American people and consequences for the people who manufactured a constitutional crisis, a real one during the Biden era.


So that's, that's what they're digging into. So an update there, that's what Congress says they'll be digging into next. They, they definitely should. Speaking of Ed Martin, We got an update on the Ed Martin saga. Do you remember the woman who spit on Ed Martin? She, he was standing outside of doing of, of his office as US attorney was doing a, an appearance on Newsmax. A woman walks up to him, identifies him by name, and then loogie on him. And Ed Martin came on this program. He came on VINCE, and he announced that she was identified by federal authorities and would be placed under arrest. We have an update on that story, but first let me show you the video of her spitting on him.


Take a look. This is what happened. Good. So we, we need to get really focused. Are you? You're, how you doing? Whoa, You are disgust. There she is dragging that poor dog along on the street. So she attacked Ed Martin and tortured that little dog. She has been arrested now officially, she has been arrested. We have a, a mugshot of the lady. Let me, let me show you this picture here. She is such a, such a nasty woman. Oh, here we go. Brianna Morello has it.


This this nasty, nasty woman mugshot of her. There we go. She's been placed under arrest. Now she's been arrested on a federal assault charge for spitting on then acting US attorney Ed Martin. She claimed responsibility on X for this. She, this is the fo portion of FAFO. She claimed responsibility on X for this and she bragged about it. This is how brazen these lefties are. Look at this chick her again. Emily Gabriela Summer. Here she is bragging. This was on May 8th. Now I wish I had seen this tweet at the time.


We're all seeing it now. Ed, that was me that spit in your face today in front of your not us DC for DC courthouse that absolutely, definitely spit in your face on camera. Hi. Hello. A pleasure to hawk a dehydrated, pithy white foam spit into your face. I only apologize that this city left me so dehydrated and unable to get water that I couldn't produce more to stain and drip down your face and a poop emoji. Eagle, Martin Eagle, ed Martin, you punk ass bitch cuckold. That is what Emily Gabriela tweeted.


The emotionally incontinent leftist. In fact, it looks like her username is left tits on, on X left tit. She's a crazy person. She's crazy. And now she's in jail. Now she's been arrested by federal authorities. That was just a part of a chain of tweets on the subject. She she called him a pigheaded swine. She called him a a cracker and she said he is a privileged racist, misogynist, yada, yada yada.


And she's, she's proud of it too. She said she loves the footage and she's gonna laugh for a lifetime. Well, you can laugh behind bars. How about doing a little laughing behind bars? Because that's what happened to Emily. So they caught her and they arrested her and hope, hopefully they rescued that dog too. 'cause that dog does not deserve to live under those circumstances. So she is, she is finding out right now as we speak. So a good update on that story. I'm sorry that it took so long. It seems like it. They, they finally made the arrest yesterday. I want, I want snappier action. I don dunno about you. I want these things to move more quickly. We caught her on camera. She's like screaming at the guy he told us over a week ago that they knew who she was. So they could have put her in handcuffs a long time ago.


But there she is. Left tits is now behind bars and it couldn't happen to a more perfect person. Alright, let me see here in a moment. I wanna get into what's going on with the Chicago mayor Brandon Johnson. Because Brandon Johnson announced over the weekend that he hires people on the basis of their race and he doles out city contracts on the basis of their race. And correct me if I'm wrong, but I think that's against the law. In fact, I'm, I'm certain it's against civil rights law. So how can a mayor get away with that? It turns out in the Trump era, you can't. My next guest is Harmony di She'll join us in just a moment and she's the head of the Civil Rights Department of the Department of Justice.


And as soon as she heard Brandon Johnson say all of that over the weekend, she launched a full blown investigation into him in the city of Chicago. More on that in just a moment.


I gotta thank our sponsors here that make all this possible. The only thing more important than achieving a dream is protecting it. Protect your family by securing their future with life insurance from policy genius. Policy genius makes finding and buying life insurance very simple. It ensures your family has a financial safety net that they can use to cover debts and routine expenses, or even invest that money to earn interest over time. With PolicyGenius, you can find life insurance policies that started just 292 bucks per year for $1 million of coverage. Some options are 100% online. They let you avoid unnecessary medical exams. You can compare quotes from America's top insurers side by side for free with no hidden fees. Their licensed support team helps you get what you need fast so you can get on with your life. They answer questions, handle paperwork, and they advocate for you throughout the process. Life insurance is a form of financial planning and PolicyGenius is the country's leading online insurance marketplace. Join thousands of happy PolicyGenius customers who left five star reviews on Google and Trustpilot. Check life insurance off your to-do list in no time with PolicyGenius. Head to policygenius.com or click the link in the description to compare free life insurance quotes from top companies and see how much you can save. That's policygenius.com. PolicyGenius, thank you for their support for this program and thank you also to Quince.


Quince is great. You know when a new shirt just becomes your go-to? Well, that's what happened to me. I just picked up a few new pieces from Quince. They're the first things I reach for in my closet. Lightweight, comfortable, always on point. Quince has all of the things you actually want to wear, like organic cotton, silk polos, European linen, beach shorts, comfortable pants that work for everything from backyard hangouts to nice dinners. The best part, everything from Quince is priced 50 to 80% less than what you'd find at any similar brand. So by working directly with top artisans and cutting out the middlemen, quince gives you luxury pieces without the crazy markups. And Quince only works with factories that use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices and premium fabrics and finishes. I love all of my Quince clothing and probably more importantly, my wife loves all of my quince clothing. That's a big deal for me. Elevate your closet with quince. Go to quince.com/ VINCE for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/ VINCE to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/ VINCE quince. That's right, quince supports VINCE, I appreciate them for that.


Hey, alright, let's dive into what is going on with the mayor of Chicago now, Brandon Johnson. And as we do that, let's welcome in the head of the Civil Rights Department at the United States Department of Justice. Harmit Di is here. Great to have you back, Harmit, nice to talk to you today. It's wonderful. Thanks for having me. Okay, so you've got, you've got a big job. Normally the civil rights division at the Justice Department is as, as far as I'm aware, basically just a left wing activist operation, isn't it? Well, it has been over time, but that's not what it is under this Trump administration. And we have a great team of dedicated patriots who are making sure that civil rights are protected for all Americans, not just whoever happens to be popular with the traditional civil rights edifice at any given time.


Yeah. Is it true? I I, something I've heard about the civil rights office in the past is that they would hang up political propaganda in the offices and that there'd be like signage to support various political causes. That has been true in the past. It's not true today. Okay, well that's good news. So, so this week we're all very aware of what you're up to because Mayor Brandon Johnson over the weekend told the church that he's been hiring people on the basis of race. He's been singing praises for various city officials on the basis of their skin color. He also said he's been doling out contracts specifically on the basis of race. And this caught your attention. Tell us how this all came to pass. Well, VINCE, I'm kind of perpetually online.


That is actually where I get most of my news. And in this new job, it is where most of the most egregious oppressors of our civil rights in this country self-identify on social media. And that is the case with the mayor of Chicago. And so I happen to be checking up on the news on Sunday and this video caught my eye and right there in his own words as the Mayor of Chicago, identifying for us how he's proud of policies that appear to be race-based with respect to hiring of individuals in his top management in the city as well as, as you say, government contracts. And You know, under both the president's initiatives trying to eradicate DEI policies, but also even without that, under our civil rights laws in Title VII and other laws regarding government contracting, that's illegal.


You cannot choose people on the basis of their race or refuse to choose them on the basis of their protected characteristic or, You know, make sweeping statements about how you prefer black people. You know, that is a kind of discriminatory to yes other people. And so we're, we've been hearing from a lot of people who would love to work for the city. They live in Chicago or would love to have a contract, but they've now realized that they've been excluded. And it is not just this mayor. People have drawn my attention to numerous remarks by the previous mayor, Lori Lightfoot, where in press conferences she said she didn't like to talk to white people and she would only call on black reporters. And so there is an ingrained and, You know, deeply privileged attitude, If you will, of racism in Chicago's leadership.


And we're taking aim at it to see what we can do about it. So what effect does this have on a city when you launch an investigation like this, what does that basically, what does that bring to bear on the city of Chicago now? What, what, what's ahead for them? Well, we are going to be asking them to provide detailed documents to not destroy documents and to account for the mayor's words. And we're also hearing from members of the public who are give us, giving us examples of having applied for jobs and not getting them. And then you look at who got the job and was that person better qualified than the one who didn't? This is basic employment law 1 0 1, no matter whether you're the mayor of Chicago or somewhere else, the same laws do apply.


Now the mayor has put out some defensive material knowing I think that he's in hot water. I think even some of the Chicago newspapers have criticized him for running his mouth and saying the quiet part out loud. But You know, he's trying to defend himself saying, well, our hiring is overall not different than the racial makeup of the city. But that's actually, again, not how you hire people in America. And this sort of statistical defense is not going to be availing and in every individual case, yes, every job applicant is entitled to a race free examination process. And that's not what they're getting in Chicago from the mayor's own words. Now it Sounds, it sounds like in that defense he's saying that they have racial quotas in their hiring.


In fact, it's almost sounds like he's making it worse for himself. I would, I would agree with that. And, and You know, but to be fair, for so many years our government and, You know, various governments and certainly the last four years have basically sued companies if they had any statistical variants from some larger population. But that's actually not how we, not, not how the laws work in our country and that's not how it should be. And so both under the president's anti DEI initiative as well as his anti, what we call disparate impact analysis, executive order, we are not going to be examining on the basis of that.


But rather on the basis of did you prefer to hire someone of a particular race for your senior offices and top staff? And, and that's, that's not legal in America? No. Okay. So let me, let me play a video. This is Brandon Johnson. In the last 24 hours he's attacking President Trump for your decision to launch this investigation. Take a look at this. You know, as far as You know, the president's animus towards women, people of color working people. We have always known who he has been. This is not a surprise, he's a monster, period.


We have the most diverse administration in the history of Chicago. And he is threatened by that. You can tell when someone is fearful is because they act out. We have a president that is screaming and having tantrums right now because we have an administration that reflects the city of Chicago. But he would much rather have administrations that reflect the country club. So correct me if I'm wrong, but you told me at the top of this interview that it was your decision to launch this investigation. Did President Trump tell you to go after Chicago for this? You know, I haven't spoken to the president recently and he asked me to do this job and I'm doing this job and this job requires a focus on government officials who blatantly discriminate on the basis of race because that's illegal.


And so the mayor lashing out like he's in a playground calling him the president, a monster and all of that classic deflection. And You know, I think he is stressed and worried and so are the newspapers in Chicago calling him out for it. That he is messed up because he, he did what, by the way, I think this is happening in Atlanta. You see a lot of cities where government contracts have been explicit, explicitly handed out on the basis of race for decades. And that little game of racial spoils is over. It's un-American and it's illegal and we're gonna stop it at the Department of Justice. So when you launch an investigation like this, it does cost the taxpayers of Chicago money.


Right. In other words, Brandon Johnson's decision to hire on the basis of race as you, as you viewed it when you saw that video, now, now they have to mount a legal defense for, to against the Justice Department. That's, so Brandon Johnson is costing the city money through his actions. He's costing the city money. He's explain, and by, by the way, not just to respond to our investigation, but also every person who did not get a job where he explicitly called out his racial preferences. Yeah, they have private claims, I'm sure they're all racing to plaintiff's lawyers to assert their claims against the city. It's the kind of case that any good employment lawyer like I've been before I took this job, loves to hear that evidence out there on the record.


And so it's unfortunate for the city, but overall it's going to be a good thing for the city when they stop these racial preferences. Because when a city hires with consideration of everyone in the applicant pool, they're going to get more and better candidates. And I think that's overall gonna be a great thing for the taxpayers in Illinois and the city of Chicago. So you're welcome Chicago, You know, some better days are coming. Yeah, I hope so. And I, I listened to your great interview with Tucker Carlson this week, and in it you described how you have so many civil rights issues coming to you that even If you had 400 attorneys working for you right now, they'd stay completely busy all across the country.


And I'm curious what other civil rights issues you might be tackling. One that comes to mind certainly for this audience and for me is the, the, the past FBI's attack on Catholics that was orchestrated out of the Richmond Field office saying that the traditional Latin mass amounted to some sort of act of radicalism. Is that the kind of thing that falls under your purview? Are you investigating any of that? Well, look, I mean, first of all, I think Cash Patel and Dan Bonino are doing a great job and that section of the DOJF, FBI's, part of the DOJ and we have a government-wide effort to eradicate anti-Christian bias in the government. And so, You know, I'm part of that effort.


So is cash, and I know each of the government agencies is, is identifying problems that have been there in the past. Pete Hegseth has been part of that and so have other members of the cabinet, they've all been invited to that. It is important that we eradicate all anti-religious bias in the United States. So among the things we're tackling as top priorities that the Department of Justice include cities that have discriminatory zoning against houses of worship, whatever house of worship it is, we've opened up multiple investigations into that. We have a Colorado that is trying to force a Christian camp to make girls unrobe in front of boys at a Christian camp based on this gender madness that's sweeping the country.


I just saw an article earlier today about a young woman who changes for sports in, in her car in high school so that she doesn't have to disrobe in front of boys who claim to be girls in the locker room and so on and on every single day when you get up in the morning, there are so many violations that we, that are being flagged for us. We're tackling voting rights issues and failures of states to comply with the federal voting rights statutes that we administer at the Department of Justice. We're just getting started and examining a number of those complaints as we staff up here. And, You know, we're looking at other areas of discrimination that are happening throughout the United States.


The college campuses issue is such a big one that has been a top priority for this administration working hand in hand with the Department of Education, health and Human Services, government Services Administration and other agencies as well as regular calls with the White House to tackle some of those top offenders. And you see the Ivy League or top offenders, but you're seeing it at so many other institutions. And our lawyers in the Civil rights Division were right there as part of the effort when these two innocent people were gunned down here in DC by this insane terrorist. And we're identifying other issues like that. I mean, even online today, another member of the government flagged for me that there are people in the United States on social media praising that terrorist act and calling for more of the same.


Now, You know, we believe in free speech in the United States, but inciting people to violence is illegal and we are taking that on as well. So again, we don't do everything at civil rights, but yeah, we work with numerous other professionals to make sure that issues that affect the civil rights of American citizens are being handled regularly. So what about at, like, say the local government school level? You know, we, we are watching as, like even in Northern Virginia, I see a lot of this where you have school districts who are outright saying, we don't care what the executive orders are. We don't care if our federal funding is imperiled. We can continue to threaten girls, we'll treat boys as if they are girls. This is going on. And it strikes me that that is a Title IX violation. And so is does that fall under your purview?


Are you dealing with the local school boards who continue these, these abuses? Well, we are, I mean, we do have, You know, limited jurisdiction. We cannot, even with limited resources go after every single school district in the United States. What we're doing is selectively taking them on. And we're also waiting for the courts to issue clear rulings on these issues. And there are mixed results in different courts. And so ultimately it is res is the responsibility of voters to hold their local elected officials accountable at that political level. But there is a tireless and growing army of moms and dads who step up to run for school boards who step up to comment at meetings of school boards.


We need those people to come forward and we do need citizens to step up. And we, I applaud those brave young female athletes who refuse to compete under these bias terms. I mean, for so many years, women in the United States have fought for equal opportunity and for the right of girls to be able to get equal funding or appropriate funding for their sports efforts. And so yeah, this is not a partisan issue at all. Now, internationally, we're seeing people on the left and the right come together and insist that girls and women have equal access to sports opportunities. I'm proud to be part of that movement. I want to ask you about a, a feature of the Justice Department called the Community Relations Service that I don't think many people know about, but I I've known through the years.


It's a, basically we taxpayers fund a group of people at the Justice Department who go in and they train activists in how to conduct their activism, which is really, it's just a deep state thing. It basically, it supercharges the left's activism all across the country in, in these cities. And that the Justice Department does that. Is that still happening? Does the community community relations service still go in and train left wing activists in the United States? What's happening with that? Yeah, I don't think so. Not under this DOJ. You know, we, we have re organized our priorities to be consistent with the president's executive orders and, and You know, we're not, we're not training left-wing activists to create trouble in our country.


There, by the way, plenty of plenty of people doing that outside. And that is actually, in fact, one of the problems that I talked about on that Tucker Carlson podcast is the extent to which some lawyers in the Civil Rights Division viewed their job as effectively being partners in, in those left-wing ideologies and efforts. And some of these folks who weren't happy with my change of direction as, as ordered by the president throughout the government have, You know, kind of I'm sure are seeking jobs in those industries outside. And that's where they belong in the private sector or preferably, You know, we would hope to change their minds at some point, but the government should not be accelerating and funding radicalization.


Our job is very simple. It is at the Civil Rights Division, we have statutes that we administer and it's to administer those statutes equally for all Americans and not just for the woke view. Finally, also within your purview is investigating patterns and practices at police departments. Previously under left wing justice departments, they basically were setting up these so-called consent decrees with police departments across the country that ended up resulting in a lot more violence in communities. The Justice Department would get involved and then, then the, the situation, the crime situation would get a lot worse. What's the status report on that in terms of your, your oversight of those consent degrees and, and working with America's cops to make our streets safer?


Well events this week we took action in court on Wednesday to file dismissals of two pending consent decree cases that were put before the judges by the Biden DOJ in the last weeks after the election, which they lost and tried to sneak this in under the wire. Those are in Minneapolis where the George George Floyd incident occurred five years ago. And in Louisville, Kentucky where the Breonna Taylor incident occurred, DOJ also has the authority and does prosecute cops who violate the civil rights of American citizens. And I, You know, police brutality is wrong and, You know, shooting people who You know have not committed a crime.


I mean, that, that is also problematic and we do prosecute cops who act inappropriately. But what consent decrees typically do is for over a decade on average, once a judge issues a consent decree, cities pay upwards of $10 million a year to comply with a bunch of lawyers who, as I've kind of joked, but only semi joked, I'm not sure some of these lawyers have ever met cops because they impose these radical requirements that make police departments ineffective and miserable, tie their hands and make communities unsafe. I mean, not, not me, but Axios has written an article that compares the skyrocketing crime rates in cities that are under consent decrees.


And they're typically ranging from 30 to over 60% of an increase in crime. I mean, we just ended one in Albuquerque, which went on for over a decade. A police monitor was paid, a single man was paid over a million dollars a year. The city spent tens of millions of dollars to comply. It had had a 30 year low in its crime rates prior to the consent decree being issued. And sc crime skyrocketed in that city. And so I I got rid of six more factual findings that the DOJ had done under the Biden administration. Basically accusing cops and police departments or sheriff's departments throughout the United States of misconduct based on minor statistical anomalies or differentials between arrest rates or police encounters as you will with homeless people trying to import a DA Americans with Disabilities Act discrimination requirements onto, yeah, 9 1 1 response times and teams and just lot nonsensical pie in the sky idealism that bears no relation to reality or the quality of life issues facing America's communities.


And so what we are promising is that we are not going to be engaging in that type of remote control, second guessing of the police. We will continue to prosecute officers who lie to get inappropriate search warrants or who commit acts of violence against citizens that are unjustified and otherwise are inappropriate. But I want people out there to know that the DOJ is also their partner and civil rights division helps police departments throughout the United States with a program called COPS Community or Oriented Policing Services that helps do audits of police practices at the request of police departments and helps with targeted training best practices when, when police departments want that.


And I think it's great where people wanna improve and modernize, use new technology. And so we're examining those and, and helping with those were appropriate. But what we're not going to be in the business of is micromanaging from DC Yeah. With some idealistic lawyers, what the police are doing every day in communities to keep America safe and risking their lives to do it. We appreciate that. We wanna be their partners. And that micromanaging wasn't helping anybody, it was actually making America more dangerous. Correct. The Department of Justice led to more crime, which is so completely appalling. Harm di you're running a very important division of the Department of Justice. Thank you very much for your time today. Good to talk to you. Thank you. There's a harm di running the Civil Rights division there at the Department of Justice.


Isn't that amazing? So they set up these consent decrees with these police departments across the country. Everyone gets, all the lawyers get paid, they make millions of dollars, everybody's taking a ton of money out of this and the crime situation gets worse because the Justice Department got involved and made everything hell that's over now under harm. Dylan and President Trump. What a, what a massive, massive change here. Harm Dylan doing some good stuff. And when you talk about civil rights law, she's got a a lot of stuff. It's not just race, it's religion, it's gender. So she's going after all these issues. So we've got the right warrior in that job and she's tough, she's tough, so grateful for her time today, we'll have her back.


Army's wonderful and she's been standing up on the right side of history on all of these things, so I'm glad President Trump chose her and she's gotta get more lawyers in there too. One of the issues right now is they got the Doge cuts apparently, that are keeping her from doing too much hiring, but she's been working with the Attorney general Pam Bondy to try and bring more people into her office because as she said before, she could bring 400 lawyers in and every single one of them would be working their fingers to the bone given the number of civil rights violations that are going on in the United States right now at the hands of the left, which, what do they talk about all the time? Systemic racism as they create systemic racism. This classic, classic stuff. So th thank you to Harmit for that.


I have a great, speaking of the left's racial insanity. I got a great clip for you yesterday from the White House press briefing. There's a reporter lady, a a little dumpling called the Ames Senor, who was in the White House press briefing yesterday and tried to confront Caroline Levitt over what's going on in South Africa. The president just two days ago was mentioning all of these white crosses that are seen in South Africa and each of those crosses represent white farmers who've been killed in the horrific violence in the country. Esh was trying to make excuses for all of this and trying to argue whether or not they were actually grave markers or just markers representing the, the fallen.


I'm sorry, I thought the underlying question really simply was, are white farmers dying or not? And the answer is yes they are. And listen, as the White House press secretary has to smack this lady around, take a look. Yame. Good to see you. Hi. Good. Thanks for taking the question. Sure. The president showed a video that he said showed more than a thousand burial sites of white South Africans, and he said, were murdered. We know that that was not true and that the video wasn't true. And that's, so I wonder why did the president choose to show that what's not true? Y it's not true that the video was showing a burial site. It is unsubstantiated that that's the case. No, It's, it is true that that video showed the crosses that represent site, What the president claimed. The, the, the video showed images of crosses in South Africa about white farmers who have been killed and politically persecuted because of the color of their skin.


The President and those crosses are representing their lives, those crosses are representing their lives and, and the fact that they are now dead and their government did nothing about it. Yes, that's exactly right. Why, why is esh making excuses for all of this? Is it because of the skin color of the fallen? They deserved it. We're not supposed to make a big deal out of it. We're not supposed to notice it. It's crazy to me. You know, yesterday, Caroline Levitt said, You know, even the Associated Press has reported on this. And that's true. If you were watching this program or listening to this program yesterday, you would know all about this because these are the crosses.


You can see here, the crosses that the Associated Press showed in their photo and the caption for the photo. My great friend, great reporter Peter Hassen saying A view of crosses planted at the White Cross monument. Each one marking a white farmer who has been killed in a farm murder is seen on a hillside in Iberg near Paula Quin, South Africa, May 15th, 2025. That is just over a week ago that that photo was taken. Ya y pretending just like the rest of the legacy left wing media that none of this is actually happening. Don't believe your own eyes. Don't believe the photos, don't believe the associated press captions from a week ago.


Really, really amazing stuff here. Amazing stuff going on as these guys just keep lying. They keep lying over and over and over again in the face of the President Trump just dropping all sorts of receipts in front of everybody going, wait a second. No, this is actually happening. This is, this is some very, very bad stuff going on. Alright, one last one for you. I've got the Wisconsin judge has been arrested. You know that by now. She was the woman who led the, the people out of the room tried to get the illegal alien out of the room. Take a look. This is a, a local Wisconsin media that they obtained the footage here of this, of this judge sneaking the illegal out of the room.


Here it is. This is an amazing, amazing footage. Just out, there's The video that we've been combing through that apparent confrontation with federal agents and how they eventually took down Eduardo Flores Ruiz out here in front of the courthouse, A view of the sixth floor of the Milwaukee County Courthouse outside Judge Hannah Dugan's courtroom. It's April 18th, an undocumented Mexican national, Eduardo Flores Ruiz, seen here in black, arrives for a hearing on domestic battery charges. Just scrolling in. He walks past plain clothes, federal agents there to arrest him, and into Dugan's courtroom according to court documents. Judge Dugan learned of the agent's presence. Yep. And confronted them in the hallway.


She's seen in the video directing them to the chief judge's office minutes after. And You can see in the video, they're dressed undercover. They're trying to keep a low profile. They wanna take this guy into custody and the judge is blowing their spot here. Most of the agents leave. Flores Ruiz walks out of Dugan's courtroom through this door, which federal prosecutors call a jury door, not open to the public, but one federal agent hangs back in the hallway. You can see him here in the tan. He motions to follow Flores Ruiz and gets onto the elevator with him. Here's Flores Ruiz leaving the courthouse with the agent not far behind. Yeah. Once outside Flores Ruiz starts running, agents chase him halfway around the building before arresting him on 10th Street.


What you've just seen is what could be key evidence at the center of the case against Judge Dugan. Judge Dugan, who's caught on camera leading the guy out. Go that way. Go out that door, try and hide. And luckily for us, you had that law enforcement guy, one of them who didn't buy the old, You know, the, the switch up that the judge tried to impose on him and said, wait a second. I'm gonna stay out in the hallway. I'm gonna keep an eye on what's going on around here. This illegal, trying to escape from the building. And then with law enforcement hot on his truck. How did he know to run? How did he know law enforcement was about to catch him? Why did he take off running when these guys were behind him dressed in plain clothes? The answer is because the judge gave him the heads up.


You better go out this way. Law enforcement is here. They're trying to capture you. Get out of the building. He takes off running. She gets the silver bracelets. She's busted for this under arrest and rightfully so, given her violations of the law. FAF fo. Yes indeed. I hope you have a, an important wonderful Memorial Day weekend. I want you just like me. I'm gonna spend some time remembering all of the people who have lost their lives at war for this great country. God bless their families and God bless their sacrifices. I will be back with you next week off Monday. I'm back Tuesday with you on this.


Great to have you with us today.