
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. You have to understand the adversary and the threat we're dealing with. And if we don't understand how they think, we'll never understand how to counter them. So it's little things and language and messaging that matters. The President said that we will fly our flags at half mast until August 8th. That's eight. Eight. Now, I'm not gonna imply that he did this deliberately, but I am using it as an example of the ignorance of the adversary that's being demonstrated by the White House. The numbers eight eight are very significant in neo-Nazi and white supremacy movement.


Why? Because the letter H is the eighth letter of the alphabet. And to them, the numbers eight, eight together stand for heel Hitler. So we're gonna be raising the flag back up at dusk on eight eight. No one's thinking about this. The reason no one's thinking about it is because I'm a fucking moron. That's the reason. but I would love to thank the Dan Show for declaring this officially the second or third. This is the second or third guy, the, I think the third Frank Ghazi Day, And I wanna take this opportunity to accept this great honor.


And I would like you to know I want this engr on my gravestone when I die. It is the greatest honor of my lifetime. Thank you Deman Gino. Thank you Frank. We love you. Thank you buddy. Thank you. It's so good to have you on the show Who news for Gazy Day. Now, if Frank Esei legitimately cared about any of this stuff, what would he do guys? He would put out a statement today, ese, which we are putting out right now, that we condemn the pro terror wing of the Democrat Party and the pro Hamas wing. This would be a good day to do it and all forms of racial injustice.


But Zi won't do that today. Won't do that today. 'cause it may make his liberal benefactors look bad. So on Frank Zi Day, we will take this opportunity. Can we all agree to condemn all forms of bigotry and especially the kind Frank ese claims to be here? Frank Frank's making a big thank you, Frank, thank you. Join us in this condemnation on Frank ese day. Join us, Frank. Well, If you wanna put out a public statement, Frank, we're happy to broadcast it on the show, especially against the pro terror wing of the Democrat Party. I mean, they just lost one of their own Cory Bush. She's really mad, by the way. Gee, we have that later in the show, right?


Cory Bush is very upset that she lost. Zi gonna condemn her. Happy Azi day to everyone out there. What a, what a nut bag. No one's talking about this because you're a freaking lunatic dude. That's why no one's talking about it. You crazy person. We got a Big show today, folks. I got that. I've got, listen on a very serious note. I was at our barbecue not that long ago, and a very close friend, smart guy, dentist guy, super bright. He said, man, what worries you most about this election if we lose it not not worries you most like ideologically Like, what actually worries you?


Like is the stock market gonna crash? Is the FBI gonna come knocking on your door? I say, you know what worries me Most technology pay very close attention to The opening you. You, you understand these globalists that have all hara out there, that people wanna spy on you and take away your rights. Pay very close attention. You'll see why this selection is critical.


Hey, on the short list of products, I believe you have to have, please get the jce case of emergency antibiotics for your family. Go to Jace Medical dot com and use promo code bonino. It's Jce like vase with a J. Folks, I got that. I got a clip coming up in the beginning. That should scare the hell outta you because I want you to understand this isn't just about Tampon, Tim and communist Kamala Harris. This is about bigger things. There are groups right now of corporations, bureaucrats, globalists, who are committed, committed to making you live under their authoritarianism. I'm gonna prove it to you.


Hey, we all know cancel culture can be a threat to free speech. But you really think social media companies are innocent bystanders. They're not. Nobody should have the right to silence your voice. But the good news is you can fight back by using our trusted privacy partner Express, VPN. See, the problem with big tech companies is not only they can censor what you see, but they can track what you do online. When you use ExpressVPN, these tech companies, they can't see your IP address at all. Your identity is masked and anonymized by a secure VPN server that encrypts your data. If. you care about free speech like we do. It's time to take action and defend your rights. What better way to do that than by taking away tech companies free license to mo monetize your valuable personal data. ExpressVPN makes it really easy. I'm not super tech savvy folks. I use it just one tap on your computer or phone to turn it on and you're protected from people spying on you. It's time to say no to censorship and take back your privacy at ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino. By visiting our special link, you'll get an extra three months of ExpressVPN service for free. Again, that's ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino ExpressVPN dot com slash bino to protect your data today.


All right, fellas, let's go. There we go. We got azis all day for you folks. Nobody is talking about this because you are a moron. That's why nobody's talking about it, bro. But it's esei day folks. We gotta be, we are gonna do this every year, right guys? Like this is gonna be an annual thing. Okay, good I, don. I wanna make sure we don't forget or anything like that. Sometimes I forget my own birthday. Listen, man, I, I, okay, serious time again, folks, I'm an investor in Rumble. I only tell you that for disclosure purposes. 'cause that stuff matters. Okay? I'm an investor in a lot of companies, but Rumble is one of 'em. Rumble is a free speech alternative to YouTube. We are committed to free expression on the platform.


We have terms of service like anyone else. We don't want kitty porn and stuff on there. Obviously we're running a company. We don't want crime on their terrorism. However, we are committed to ideological expression and the freedom of it. Rumble has been under withering attack for a long time. It is part of a big global effort right now that if we lose this election in November, I'm, I'm gonna tell you something that it, it, it kind of produces a little anxiety for me to even put this out there 'cause I'm not sure I wanna scare you unnecessarily. Getting your country back if we lose in November, is not gonna be easy. You can vote your way into socialism. You can't vote your way out. And the censorship portion, it's about to double down.


So yesterday something happened with Rumble and it doesn't only apply to Rumble, And, I, don't bring this up 'cause I'm an investor there. I bring it up because it's been going on behind the scenes for a long time. There are corporations and companies in America that pretend they're your homies. Companies like say Dunking Donuts, ah, dunking Donuts. We're like the working guy's. Coffee, the union guy, the electrician, the HVAC guy. Like, we're not Starbucks. We're like the working guy's Coffee. We're dunking. We're d and d. Well, Chris Pavlovsky, the CEO of Rumble. I tell you, I didn't know anything about this yesterday till I saw it on Twitter. I just wanna put that disclosure out there. Nothing. He put this email out there yesterday from Dunkin Donuts and good for Chris for doing it because folks, listen, it's time to go to war for free Speech Freedom and Liberty.


I'm sorry the cutesy time is over. Here's an email from a employee at Dunkin Donuts. When asked about advertising on Rumble, to be honest, I would be opposed to showing up on the current version of the platform. Listen to this line. The right wing culture of the site is too polarizing from a brand suitability standpoint. We're open to the continuing discussion as the site evolves. I'm sorry to share that 'cause I wanna help best. By the way, don't ever write best. Just a note. Pro tip, the right wing culture, just to be clear, for Dunking Donuts, you can advertise on YouTube and elsewhere with a bunch of Pee p tape, hoaxers, a bunch of probably fag types who promote conspiracy theories.


A bunch of pro Hamas, pro terror, anti-Semites all over YouTube. You can advertise on M-S-N-B-C that had Mei Hassan there and others. But advertising on Rumble that has a few personalities you don't like hell, I may not like 'em, it doesn't matter. But I support their right to speak as long as they're not breaking the law. That's no good for you. Just to be sure right Now, thankfully we got warriors in the movement like our buddy Kat Turd, who by the way, I want to give a massive shout out for Tampon Tim Kat turds a powerful force. He's one of the universe's most powerful forces. He's up there with gravity, electromagnetism and others. Kat Turd decided that he was gonna help us out 'cause he's a warrior for free speech.


So he got boycott Dunking Donuts trending. I actually think this tweet was late. I think it was number one, boycott. Dunking Donuts was the number two trend in the USA, I believe it was actually number one. By the time they were done, they thought they were gonna bully us. Cat turd notes. But now they're in fuck around and find out mode. Listen man, you're a free market company out there. You don't wanna advertise in places. That's fine. I'm not a freaking communist like the left, but I'm telling you right now, if you're gonna pull this bullshit about right wing culture while you support pp hoaxers, antisemites pro Hamas groups pro terror people, you are full of shit and we're gonna call you out. So Ladies and gentlemen, it's time to bud Light Dunking Donuts.


Okay? I'm tired of these people. I'm tired of this bullshit. And if they wanna go to war with right wing culture, then we're gonna show 'em what right wing culture's about. Matter of fact, I, you know what, let's do this quick. 'cause I want to thank, let's see, for you, you want to call ca folks, let's take a look. Guys, watch the chat for a second. Should we call Kat turd and thank Kat Turd? I think we should call him for Tampon Tim and for being a warrior and starting. But let's call him. Let's see if he, I speak the yes. The yes. Okay. You get a thousand votes yourself. Let's call him. I'll see if he answers. Let's call him. It's put him on speaker. Let's see if he, if he, if he doesn't answer, it's gonna be horrible. But if he does, let's thank Kat Turt from the Yes, yes. Look at us unanimous.


What's Up Kat? Dan the Man. What's up brother? Listen man, I just want to take this opportunity to personally thank you. I mean, And, I'm calling you live for my podcast. I was hoping you would answer not only for Tampon Tim because nobody understands social media and acts better than you, but also for boycott Dunking Donuts. There is no reason for you to get involved in this stuff. You have no skin in the game. You're not a stockholder there. You just love free speech. And I, I put out to my audience, should we call cat turd and it was absolutely unanimous. So I want to thank you on behalf of the audience. So any quick words for the audience? I got you on speaker here. Oh, well, just, just, hi everybody.


Just so you know, a lot of people don't understand the, the, like the the culture is important. The the the hashtags we do is important. Yeah, the Tampon Tim, it hurts 'em. Yeah, man, believe me, it hurts them. I know some people say it's silly. Some people say that hurts 'em more than anything because, but you know, most of the people in this country, you can, you cannot sit there and just go over figures with them. You can't just say, okay, yeah, you know, interest rates is boy, boy 0.2. Yeah man, my dad is 31 trillion. It's gonna bo 'em to death. But they understand this and, and it's really important, Dude. It stings, it stings and no one's better than you brother. Thank you. I didn't know If you were gonna pick up or not. I want you to know my audience loves you.


We appreciate it. You are one of the most prominent forces in the universe and out there with gravity and we love you, brother. Thanks for fighting a good fight. Yeah, And And I, just wanna tell you too, you're my favorite podcast. Oh man, thanks brother. You, you, you've improved every year. You improve you, you, you've found your own style and your own niche and it's just, it's a great podcast. I I listen to it every day when I can. Thanks Kat. We love you, brother. I'll talk to you later. See you man. Bye my man. Kat Turd. Make sure you follow him at Kat turd. The number two, everybody in the Bonino army, let me tell you, the cat turd, bonino army is absolutely unstoppable. There you go.


I wanna get back to why this stuff is important. You think this is some big joke like Dunking Donuts and other companies out there that are saying basically double middle finger to right wing culture. Folks, if we lose this election, you are looking at something that scares the outta the technology between ai, facial ID biometrics, online censorship, corporate bureaucratic, liberal symbiosis to censor you. You will be looking at a totalitarian state where it's not one KGB guy watching you. It's the freaking TV in your house. I want you to listen to this guy Yuval Hara. Why is this guy important and why do I play him on my show often?


If we lose this selection? This is the surveillance future you're looking at the left loves this guy. He's a big WEF globalist guy. 60 Minutes loves him. Sir, Sir, at 60 Minutes loves him. They worship this guy. I want you to listen to this. It's about a minute 40. It's the longest clip. I think I'm gonna play a minute Forty's a lot, but it's worth it. He's talking about how Covid was so valuable for them. You wanna see why they wouldn't give up the Covid thing forever? Put the face diaper on, scare the shit out of everyone. Covid was so valuable for them because it was a test run and provided a template on how to surveil people through passports and biometrics.


So when they win the next election, they can double and triple down on this. You will not be able to escape anymore. There'll be a KGB guy in every living room watching you. If this clip doesn't scare the shit outta you, don don't know what will check this out. Covid Is critical because this is what convinces people to accept, to legitimize total biometric surveillance. If we want to stop this epidemic, we need not just to monitor people, we need to monitor what's happening under the skin, their body temperature. Like we, we walked in here, we had to go through a a body temperature test.


Now they're using it to see whether you have the coronavirus, but exactly the same technology can determine what you think about the government. You know, anger is a biological phenomena just like disease. It's not some spiritual thing out there. It's a biological pattern in your body with this kind of surveillance. I mean, you watch the big president, the big leader gives a speech on television. The television could be monitoring you and knowing whether you are angry or not. Just by analyzing the cues, the biological cues coming from your body.


Are you angry about what you hear? Are you frightened? Are you bold? This is the kind of power that Stalin didn't have. You know, when Stalin gave a speech, everybody of course clapped their hand and smiled. Now how do you know what they really think about Stalin? It's very difficult. You can't have a KGB agent following everybody all the time, even if even If, you do it. He's just watching your outside behavior. He doesn't really know what's happening in your mind. But in 10 years the future Stalins of the 21st century, they could be watching the minds, the brains of all the population all the time.


Eight, eight Folks. This guy is not kidding. Do you understand the technology to do this is here right now. The limitations of prior communist killer totalitarian regimes in the past were strictly manpower. Yes, they'd have spies in neighborhoods. They still have them now in North Korea that turn people in and it's deadly and it can work for a long time, but it doesn't work forever. The Soviet Union and these systems eventually collapse and evolve. Sometimes they evolve into something worse, sometimes something better. But it's hard to keep power for that long. Even Maduro's finding this out now that even when you steal an election with this technology now it's really hard to do it and stay in charge that long.


But the technology works in the other direction too. What Yuval Hara said is right, even Stalin didn't have this power. He can't have a KGB agent watching every single person. And even if he did, they can only see what you're doing on the outside. The technology there now with biometrics, facial id, artificial intelligence for mass surveillance and control is there now. So when was at that barbecue and my friend said to me, what worries you most folks, if we lose this next election, I'm not sure we're gonna be able to vote our way out of it again. I'm gonna take a quick break here and I'm gonna show you exactly What I mean.


I'm gonna play for you a direct quote by Tampon Tim, the new vice presidential nominee for the Democrats. I'm gonna play for you a quote where he's actually talking about using code words for left wing censorship. If this guy gets in the White House with the queen of sensors, Kamala Harris, you may never be allowed to speak openly again.


Folks, there have been storms in Texas, there have been hurricanes down here in Florida. Emergencies are right around the corner every time. If you're stuck in an emergency, God forbid you get an infection in the pharmacies closed or it's not even there. Say it's been flooded out, what are you gonna do? The answer is you better have a JCE case. It is a personalized emergency medicine kit that contains essential antibiotics and medications that treat the most common and deadly bacterial infections. How do you get one? You go to Jace Medical dot com, JASE, fill out an online form, review the terms and have a Jace Medical physician evaluate your request. If eligible, your medications are dispensed by a licensed pharmacy at a fraction of the regular cost. That's Jace Medical dot com and her code Bon Gino to get a discount. We all know hurricane seasons here, folks, floods, hurricanes, tornadoes, you name it. Someone at some point is gonna be impacted by this. You can't be stuck behind a pharmacy wall. Get your JCE case now. Get your customized case and it Jce handles everything by the way, from initial online evaluation to medication delivery, even ongoing care If, you want it? Get it today by going to Jace Medical dot com. It's like vase with A-J-J-A-S-E Jace Medical dot com. Enter code bonino Jace Medical dot com code bonino Jace Medical. His products are not intended as a substitute for professional medical treatment or advice and so with your healthcare provider. Thanks Jay. Thanks Jace.


Good. I wanna get back to this now. This is why I am worried, Ladies and gentlemen, receipts matter. Okay, Tim Walz, who would be the second most powerful man in the country? Tampon. Tim, stolen valor. Tim. He will be the second most powerful man in the country working underneath the most powerful woman in the world who is a devout socialist left wing sensor. Here he is an EC clip that was recently on earth talking about the code word for left-wing censorship, misinformation. And they don't mean the pp hoax and stuff, they mean anything conservative. Check this out. I think We need to push back on this there. There's no guarantee to free speech on misinformation or or hate speech and especially around our Democracy Folks.


This is a globalist phenomenon. Hate speech, misinformation. Notice him esei. The the ese thing. You know, we obviously we're we're going after him 'cause he's a moron. But what he said was telling ESE doesn't care about antisemitism. He doesn't care about bigotry. They don't care about freaking hate speech. You got a freaking home wing of your party committed to killing the Jews. You don't give a shit about hate speech. You wanna see a real war against hate speech. I listen to this show, not your bullshit version of it. You know what their hate speech is? Hey man, don't hike my tax hate speech.


He doesn't wanna more taxes. That's hate speech. These people are full of shit and Walz is full of shit up to his freaking eyebrows. When he says misinformation and hate speech, he doesn't mean any of it. He's embracing Ilhan Omar, who loves the river to the sea, A call for Jewish genocide. I'm sure Dunking Donuts in them. They have any problem with Ilhan Omar Dunking Donuts put out a statement about that shit. You worried about Steve Crowder. Really?


Steve Crowder's the problem in America. You sure about that? This is going on everywhere. Listen to me as my brothers and sisters, please. God, I'm not using his name in vain. We cannot lose this election. Do not gaff off these polls. Do not do I put all my stock in polls. I never have. I never will. They are data points in time. Anything can change. However, Ladies and gentlemen, the trends have been going in the opposite direction. Now, do not run away from that And. I don't mean that in a good way. They've got this Democrat national convention. The media's gonna say it's the greatest thing ever.


They're gonna put a crown on Kamala Harris's head and anointed the Queen. Do not you, when I say run like your 10 points down, I am not effing around. You probably are. That doesn't mean you're gonna lose. It just means If. you don't get out and bring 10 people with you. We are gonna lose. We are dealing with cheating, media, scams, censorship, lunatics, Tampon, Tim, crazy, crazy people. We lose this thing. You will not be able to vote your way out of what's coming. The technology is evolving by the day.


This is a global phenomenon. They're not even hiding it. I want you to watch this clip. This is out of the United Kingdom. I want you to listen how they talk about how they've got law enforcement people. Now, this is a quote scouring social media for basically ideological comments they don't like. This is happening now. Now, not in some dystopian future. In the dystopian present, listen to yourself. The offense of incitement to racial hatred involves publishing or distributing material which is insulting or abusive, which is intended to or likely to start racial hatred.


So If, you retweet that, then you're republishing that, and then potentially you are committing that offense. And we do have dedicated police officers who are scouring social media. Their job is to look for this material and then follow up with identification arrests and so forth. So it's a really, really serious, people might think they're not doing, doing anything harmful. They are. And the consequences will be visited upon them. Folks, ignore this. Look at me. My mom told me not to point God rest her soul. Unlike Joe Biden who tells stories like my dad said that, that my mom, she, they, they don't point at people. I I have to, I'm sorry. Ignore this at your own peril, this thing with Dunking donuts and bureaucrats and corporations and liberals and gm, all of these people working together to censor you with law enforcement and the FBI.


I've got a story on that tomorrow. This is real. It's not an Aesop's fable, it's not a fairytale, it's not some children's book. It is happening. I don't wanna scare you because we can change this. We are not powerless sheep. So I had cat turd on in the beginning. It's amazing that my bonino army, not mine, it's ours. It's not our, it's not mine. I forgive me, it's ours. I don't own anything. You guys are all powerful individuals. The Bongino army and the cat turd army. We joined forces like macho man and the Hulk, the superpowers. And we got this trend going worldwide in an hour where Hillary Clinton herself had to respond to Tampon Tim.


We are not powerless. We can change the world. And we did. We did. Might have been in a small way, but they are now responding to us. We're in charge. Now. you ever see Bain? Do you feel like you are in charge? We're in charge now. But we've gotta be realistic about the threat folks. These people have owned us in the censorship game. They have pressured these corporations and everyone to destroy us. Now it's time we fight back. It's time to bud Light Dunking Donuts. I want a hat tip too. Robbie Starbuck, a guy who's been a warrior in this tractor supply Harley and other places too.


You want middle class, working class American money? Then don't fuck with us. You understand? Bullshit. Time is over. You want us buying your motorcycles, drinking your coffee, then shut the fuck up when it comes to attacking us. We're done playing with your bullshit. You understand? This is what's gonna happen. Hat tip, Matt, what is it? Or failure? This guy did an amazing job. I think it's, you'll see his website on the screen.


I wanna, what is it? Matt Orfe. This guy did an amazing job. He unearthed his zoom call. This is super important. You watch this, they're short clips, but it's important. The first guy you're gonna see amazingly is the Biden White House strategic communications guy. Rob Flaherty. You guys in the chat, remember that name? You're like, isn't that the Biden White House guy that was threatening Facebook if they didn't pull a bunch of stuff down during Covid? He asked the same guy. He got busted on the Zoom call this guy Matt Orff. Yeah, put out that, you'll see his website on there. Check it out. He got busted again talking about how they manipulated the social media companies to label misinformation anytime you called out Biden for the cognitive disorder.


He so obviously has folks. This is here. Now listen to this. We brought Becca on to sort of think through, okay, now that we have these misinformation narratives, what do we actually do? Like it is, it is one thing to know that there is a lot of conversation online about corruption or, or you know, mental fitness or, or any of these things or, or you know, the vice president's record on the crime bill, which you know, was sort of a controversial piece of legislation in in the early nineties. But it was, it was another to go, okay, now, now what Folks?


They're doing it right now. I'm not warning you about a dystopian future. It's the dystopian present. Joe Biden is cognitively so impaired. His own party pushed him out. Yet If, you mention it online. The same guy who was responsible for a lot of the push to censor you during Covid is now censoring you. Again. You think if they win this election with four years of AI under their belt, this ist gonna get a thousand times worse. Here's Becca Kovic, another Biden Insider talking about, again in a short clip, how they again labeled misinformation or pushed it anytime. You talked about Biden's obvious cognitive disorder, something they recognized so much, they made him leave, exit the presidential race.


Check this out. We saw a huge amount of volume and a lot of impact on narratives like Joe. Biden was being manipulated by the radical left and disinformation around his mental acuity Ordo report. Thank you for your good work on this folks. I'm gonna play a video for you. I was gonna, you know, What I was gonna take a breath. I'm gonna play it here. This is important. You watch this folks, this is one of the most important videos you're ever gonna see. I played it on the show about three or four times. It's taught in leadership schools. It's shown everywhere. I saw this in an activist group I was in one time. The problem with what the left is doing and their technology and their ability now to spy on you through everything from TVs to biometrics, to vaccine passports, to online, to AI, to censorship, is your ability to coalesce and rebel against tyranny is going to be shut off.


Because it's not about one person standing up, it's about the second person who dances. I'm serious. A lot of brave people stand up and they get crushed. And what are you left with? Nothing. It's always about the second person who joins in. There will be no second person. There is too much technology. They will never let the first person stand up and dance because the minute he stands, he'll be kneecap. Watch this video and you'll see what I'm talking about. See this guy? You ever see this video? Crazy guy dancing. Everybody's laughing. But look, another guy joins in. Ah, they're still laughing. Ah, look at these two. The second guy's, the one who had guts, see them watch part in leadership.


He's calling his friends. Come on in. It's not the first guy, it's the second guy. The second guy's the one who makes a party at him. If. you guys have never seen this video. Show this to your kids. Watch, still dancing, wondering, oh, look at that. We look a little crazy. Oh look, here comes the third guy. Third guys like those two look like they're having a good time. And people look and go, wow, there's not only two. Now there's three guys. Look like they're having fun. The first guy starts a movement, but the second guy's the one that makes the movement move. And you got a third guy. Oh, Now, you got a fourth and a fifth Now, you got a sixth and a seventh.


Now everybody wonders what they're missing in this movement. Now, you got a bunch of people thinking, well, why am I on the outside of this movement? What am I doing sitting on my ass? It's one of the most powerful videos you'll ever see. This is a minute and a half of leadership school right here. It's not the first guy. The first guy's brave. That's not What. I'm saying, I'm not questioning anybody's bravery. It's a dance video. But you get the point. I'm not questioning the bravery. It's the second guy who joins in this dystopian future with surveillance cuts the first guy off before the second guy even sees him. Ladies and gentlemen, we absolutely cannot lose.


We can't lose. There are crazy people in this movement right now on the left, and we've gotta stop it. You are the leaders who've been waiting for you. No one else. Don't look for someone else. You get up and dance and If, you see someone else dancing, you join them and If, you see 10 people dancing. You bring 10 more. No excuses. This is not the cutesy time show. You want some nice, cute story. Ah, you don't have to vote. Don't worry. Your neighbor will save you. Go find a different show. This ain't it. I'm gonna show you what we're up against next. Folks. This is serious stuff. This show is committed. We have 88 I ironically, we have 88 days left on Frank Ghazi.


Day eight eight. You believe that the for the elections, I can say, what are the chances of that? Now I know we're living in a simulation. Look, is that the craziest thing ever? Is that, no, it's, why is nobody talking about it? Why is nobody that put that in. Hey, my favorite video clips of the year, GH goes in my favorite video clips. This is gonna be one of my top. The gee just said something fantastic. You guys hear that? He goes, why is no one talking about this If? You know, you know, rewind to the beginning of the show. You'll get the joke.


Hey, summer's here. Some of those visible dark marks, sunspots and other blemishes that the sun leaves behind. And right now, get gen new cells, incredible dark spot corrector with every order of the most popular package for over 70% off help visibly fade away dark marks, but dark marks, sun spots, scars, and other signs of discoloration all over your skin. With the latest skincare breakthrough from our friends at Genus Cell Skincare, you'll be amazed at how quickly you could see results. You can now enjoy your summer Sun beach and barbecues without those pesky spots. As always, you'll see the results or your money back, no questions asked. Paula loves the products. She uses 'em every day. She looks great. Order today and get the Gen 90 instant for immediate results on all of your trouble spots in as little as 12 hours. That's jen uel.com/dan gn u c.com/dan. Visit jen uel.com/dan now and get a free spa box with two bonus gifts and free shipping. Genus sell.com/dan jen uel.com/dan give it a shot. Tell 'em we sent you in.


Our last sponsor today is windshield. Wow folks, you're driving around, especially in hurricane season. Down here it rains. You get all that sap and pollen and garbage on your windshields, your windshield look terrible, your car looks terrible. And frankly it's dangerous, especially with the sun. You get that bad glare. Buy a windshield. Wow. I have one in every car. It's an ingenious windshield cleaning device. Uses two magnetic cleaning paddles. They're really strong. The magnets one on the outside and one on the inside. Like this cleans both sides of the windshield. All from the outside. It's super simple. You just push it around on the outside. The inside follows. Cleans. It automatically cleanest. My windshields have been in a long time, no more struggling to clean the inside. I even, I can't. I got bad shoulders. Doesn't even work. The windshield wow applies. The firm cleaning pressure for you and it's super thin. Gets in those tight dash areas. You need your windshields clean. We were so impressed. We have one in every car. It's a great sponsor. They love us. They love you guys. Go to windshield wow.com. Pick one up today. It's an ingenious cleaning device. You're gonna love it. That's windshield wow.com. Windshield wow.com. Use bonino, my last name at checkout for a special discount. That's windshield wow.com. Thanks windshield. Wow.


Back to the show folks. Just to show you what the crazy lunatics we're dealing with on for Gze Day, I wanna join Faze in a condemnation statement against this absolute lunatic. He says he's against hate and antisemitism and white supremacy, And, I. I just wanna be clear, we are categorically against and have fought against us. Unlike Faze who seems to excuse a lot of this bullshit when it's people who are on SNBC and others. I wonder if he's called those people out here is lunatic. Cory Bush the other day, a squad member who lost her primary ha. Another one bites the dust. She can join Jamal Bowman at some antisemitic think tank somewhere. Whatever. Here she is absolutely freaking out saying, you haven't seen crazy yet. I'm back with more crazy now that I've been unleashed from standard crazy.


Watch this. Clear. Let's be clear. Let's talk about what it is. See now I don't have to worry about some strings that I have attached to as much as I love my job, but all they did was radicalize me. And so now they need to be afraid. So Zi are in Zi day. Are you gonna join us in condemning anti-Semitic bigotry? 'cause we do it unequivocally. Unequivocally. Everyone. Everyone join in. Everyone's join. We absolutely condemn bullshit like this. Where's Zi Zi?


You wanna issue a statement to the show? Send Gee an email Sege. We'll put it on the show tomorrow. You wanna condemn that? What about this Vizi? Here's CNN having to engage in a struggle session. 'cause CNN's got a big problem. CNN's problem is this. The Democrats passed over probably their best hope to win the election in the vice presidential ticket with Josh Shapiro from Pennsylvania. Who by the way, again is a radical, but at, at some point has expressed mild support for Israel. You can't do any of that in the Democrat side. You're not allowed to do any of that. 'cause they don't like Jews over there, especially the squad members at all. fia, are you gonna condemn this watch The struggle session is Jake Tapper and the, they're going back and forth about, oh my gosh, why did they let Shapiro off the ticket?


And they, they just don't wanna state the obvious because the Democrat party's full of Antisemites. Watch this. Probably more of an open door to the parts of the party that have been very frustrated with the Democrats. So, but just to, just to one point on the, on the, on the Ga war, Shapiro has the same position on Israel that governor Walz that that Senator Kelly has. He's actually been more critical of Netanyahu than the other two. But he is Jewish and He's also the face of the crackdown on the protests. Right? He spoke very vehemently about those campus protests as being anti-Semitic. Not all of them. The ones that were anti-Semitic, he criticized being anti-Semitic.


Of course he was out front on the issue. So I'm wondering if that's the kind of thing that again, for the activist wing of the party Sure. Absolutely. They Thought was a slap in the face. Yeah. Yeah. But I, I Also, You believe this, this lady's upset that a bunch of people at protests who were screaming for Jewish genocide that Shapiro was like, yeah, I'm not really for that. If, you are not proje genocide, right? Now, you are not even welcome in the Democrat party. And they may, well, maybe minor cable television news station. Cable news, CNN may have been a major one years ago, right? Is having a struggle session on the air about openly antisemitic protests.


Ze ze, do you wanna join us? Do you wanna issue a statement ze on your day? Do you wanna issue a statement against this? Because the Dan Panino show issues a firm statement, a resolution against antisemitism, bigotry and Jewish genocide. We stand firmly Azi, do you wanna join us? Would you like to join? It's your day, it's your special day. It's your opportunity to send a message ese iss all over the Chad. He'll say, put, give us a sta issue. A statement. Brother, you are a law enforcement guy, right?


Yeah. Here's his statement. That's his statement. Ter, no one's talking about this. 'cause we're not all crazy like you folks. Full blown damage control. Thank you to cat turd. By the way, the Tampon Tim thing has exploded so much that it's all the Democrats can talk about and the hilarious copio. They're all significant. They're like, gimme the copio. Lemme sniff the copio. Lemme inhale the cop. Remember like when you were a kid, we had crazy kids in our neighborhood. Not me, I swear. Don't do drugs. They would do like these whippets things. Some of 'em would cut off the corners of paper bags and like sniff glue. I grew up with some crazy kids.


I promise it was not me. Don't destroy your brain and kill yourself. Friends. Don't let friends do drugs ever. Right? This, these people, the cop, they're sniffing. It's like huffing glue. This tampon thing is so destructive that they've had to, Hillary Clinton herself is desperately trying to fight back. They're like the Tampon Tim. Yes. Wait, this is not about Tampon Tim and tampons in the women's bathroom. He wants tampons in the guy's bathroom and taxpayers to pay for it. 'cause he's a lunatic. But that's not the worst thing folks, listen, I'm gonna say What I said yesterday. I'm gonna say it again because it's important. Okay. Serious time.


I was not in the United States military. It is one of my great regrets. I will repeat it over and over because I'm ashamed of the fact that I didn't serve my country in that way. And, I, appreciate all the, my emails. Dan, you served in a different way now it's not, yeah, you're right. But it is a different way. There are people who put themselves in combat and harm's way who come back missing limbs. My congressman here, Brian Mass mis missing both of his legs. He was an EOD tech and explosive tech. You've got people out there who have done amazingly heroic things. One of the great horrors in my life is that I was not in the military. And I, a big mistake. I went into police department instead, and it's not the same.


I appreciate the emails, but I'm telling you this, not out of some sense of fae humility, I'm telling you. So I really feel I'm a real guy with you. I, I'm, I'm, there's nothing special about me. And. I have struggles and regrets in my life too. And this is one of 'em wanted to be a Marine And. I didn't do it, but other people did. And for the people who did, there was nothing worse than stolen valor claiming you were some kind of a combat veteran. Were in combat and plying it. Winking or nodding the people who were on the front lines and actually fighting in combat is one of the most disgraceful things you can do. And tampon, Tim's got a bigger problem right now. Stolen valor, Tim is an even bigger issue for him.


JD Vance, who was actually in theater as a Marine, JD Vance, had something to say about this yesterday. Let's start off with this and I'll bring the receipt showing you this guy. They are in full damage control right now. Check this out. When The United States Marine Corps, when the United States of America asked me to go to Iraq to serve my country, I did it. I did what they asked me to do it And I did it honorably. And I'm very proud of that service. When Tim Waltz was asked by his country to go to Iraq, you know what he did? He dropped outta the army and allowed his unit to go without him. A fact that he's been criticized for aggressively by a lot of the people that he served with. I think it's shameful. Yeah, I think it's shameful too.


Stolen valor, Ladies and gentlemen, is disgusting. It is evil. You are stealing something from people who earned it. And I'm not talking about earning it like they carved a table out of an oak tree. That's a valuable skill. But let's be honest, your life wasn't on the line. There are people out there who run into combat zones for no money at all. You don't get to steal that from them by diminishing their service, by falsely claiming you were there when you weren't. You need the receipts. Here he is being really fishy with the words here. Tim Walz, Tampon Tim. He's gonna be your vice president if we lose saying how he carried weapons of war.


But listen to what he says next. And you tell me, is this guy stealing valor? Check this out. Any Background? I spent 24 years in the National Guard, some of that full time. I was an artilleryman. I deployed in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. My battalion provided base security throughout the European Theater from Turkey to England in the early stages of the war in Afghanistan. And that same battalion is now in Iraq at this time. Notice how that's a different one. I'm sorry. I'll play the next one. I'll play that one next. But you notice how he's hinting and playing, playing kind of silly with the words to make you to believe he was in Afghanistan or Iraq and in a combat theater. That's not what happened. You know, I don't lie to you about my time in the Secret Service.


I encourage you to look it up. File a FOIA If. you can. I did the New York office, the Melville office, DPD Training Center, presidential Protection Division in Baltimore. That's What I did. Here he is here at a like a town hall type thing. Again, implying he carried weapons of war in a theater when in fact none of that happened. Check this out. Hope woke up like many of you did five weeks ago, and dad said, dad, you're the only person I know who's in elected office. You need to stop what's happening with this. I'll take my kick in the butt for the NRAI spent 25 years in the Army, And I hunt, And I gave the money back. And I'll tell you, What, I have been doing, I've been voting for common sense legislation that protects the Second Amendment. But we can do background checks.


We can do CDC research. We can make sure we don't have reciprocal carry among states, and we can make sure that those weapons of war that I carried in war is the only place where those weapons are at. He carried weapons of war and war. Is there any actual evidence of that? Now, I, the, the, the meltdown by the left wing lunatic. Communist media has been hilarious this morning. Them trying to say, well, he didn't directly say he was in war. You just heard it Ladies and gentlemen, the receipts speak for themselves. You could touch him, you can feel him. You could smell 'em. You heard what he just said. The weapons of war. You carried in war. You weren't in war.


If I may, sure, the campaign trail today, You got a little, you got a little ahead of yourself with the fais. I think Azis distracted you. This is how worried they are about this. Again, in case you're buying, which you're probably not, I know most of you're smart, but we may have some liberals in the audience who are naturally gonna be stupid, right? In case you're buying the Hillary Clinton Leftwing spin that, oh, Tampon Tim is great and the stolen valor thing is no big deal. He's a big war hero. Whatever. Really? Why is Kareem Jean Pierre at the White House then running from this question when asked about it, if they're so proud of it, why not just come out and show us Tim Waltz's war experience in a combat zone?


I'll celebrate it. That's not a partisan thing for me. Show it to us. Watch this If I may. Sure. The campaign trail today, Senator JD Vance has accused Governor Waltz of stolen valor and obviously military service is something that's very deeply personal to the president given the service of his son. I'm curious, I mean, how is he reacting to, to these statements? So Look, any specific attacks or or comments, I would have to refer you to the campaign. Answer a question j Justin's I, can she just answer a question? It's funny, she's got a shirt on that's yellow too because you know that's what's said about a lot of people who claim this stuff, that they falsely engaged in combat operations when they didn't.


This stuff is destructive. And I. Wanna hat tip another guy in addition to Cat Turd who's been all over this. If, you follow Cernovich on X. He's been all over this thing. Cernovich has laid out over the past week or so, exactly why this is so damaging and he brought up an amazing point I retweeted this morning on X. He said, you don't think stolen Val Valor's a big deal. Go into any restaurant bar near a military base where you know some guys in the military may be hanging out. He mentions Coronado and go in there and tell them you falsely served in combat and have everyone lock the door behind you see how long you last.


You don't think this is a big deal. You're damn right, it's a big deal. Here's Walz himself. If he's so proud of his combat service, the weapons of war he carried in war, then why not just answer the question and clear it up? Here he is on the tarmac. You know, he hears the question. By the way, listen close because it's screamed out and what does he do? He runs away. He wants nothing to do with that. I thought this was a big benefit. I thought this was great. Along with the tampons, check this out. The bands accused you stolen Ballor your response. Governor, We bring receipts.


don don't know what other shows are doing. A lot of great shows out there. I don't get time to watch a lot of 'em, but we bring receipts. We operate by the Moneyball Theory of politics. If he's a good hitter, why doesn't he hit good? If Waltz's military service is such an asset, then why isn't it such an asset? Why isn't he talking about it? Here's CNN freaking out, freaking out because they know this could be the end for Tim Walz. That Tim Walz may not be able to politically survive this. CNN isn't worried about the fact that the Democrat vice presidential nominee looks like he lied about his military service. They're not worried about that at all.


They're worried. This is the most sly Republicans pounce you're gonna see. Yet. Notice how CNN's not focused on the lie. They're focused on the Republican response and CNN's worried he's being swift voted. Check this out. I Wonder what you think about that, Matt, there look, there are some questions. The the question of the the weapons comment. We should also mention there's been reporting that JD Vance did not see combat in his role. I would argue it doesn't matter, they both served. But what do you think about this kind of getting some swift boat vibes here? JD Vance was actually where he said he was.


Iraq. JD Vance never claimed he was John j Rambo in a Green Beret unit. Matter of fact, if anything JD Vance doesn't even talk about his service that much. Go back and look at his campaign. He mentions it. It's part of his resume, but he didn't make this a staple and he certainly exaggerated nothing. You see how CNN doesn't give a shit about the lie at all. This hack propaganda network, all they care about is the Republican response to it. I told you, the more you get to know JD Vance, the more you're gonna like him. The more you get to know Tim Walz, the more you can't stand him.


He is a fake, a phony and a fraud. And thanks to Cat turd, Cernovich and others out there, we are in charge now. And of course to the Bonino Army hats off to you. Here's JD Vance. Yesterday in one of the most epic trolls of all time lands in the same airport. Did you guys see this as Kamala Harris in Wisconsin? They're doing events in Wisconsin. They landed the same time. Trump forced one Air Force two. What does JD do? JD walks right up to the camera, right outside of Air Force two. Kamala don't want anything to do with him. Stays on the plane, says if she's not gonna answer questions, I will. This is awesome.


Check this out. I figured I'd come by and Warren just gonna go on the plane. Hopefully it's gonna be my plan in a few months. but I also thought you guys might get lonely because the vice president doesn't answer questions from reporters and hasn't for 17 days. What would you like to hear from her? I'd love her to answer questions. I'd love her to just answer what she wants to do and also explain why every single position she has has changed. She pretends to be a prosecutor, yet she's, she pretends to be a tough on crime prosecutor and yet here she's wanting to police from the police. She's the border the yet she's opened up the American southern border. This is a person who has to answer the question from the media and it's disgraceful that she wants you guys.


It's also insulting. Justin just said it. This guy's pretty damn good at this. Folks sound bites and snapshots kids. That's all campaigns are. What's the snapshot? What is it? Can you put that up and just put it on pause for a second? Somewhere, anywhere. Doesn't even matter. Yeah, right there. What's behind him? Air Force two, this big majestic government jet. I Figured I look. Look at the snapshot. It's not even his. It's Kamala Harris. This guy's got a feel for this stuff, folks. He knew exactly what he was doing, exactly what he was doing.


The vice president's missing. I'm gonna go take her backdrop and the snapshots she wanted. I'm gonna steal because then you know what happens. Not that Kamala was gonna come out and answer a question anyway. She isn't. But even if she did, even if she did, he already stole the shot. Think about, It's a big magic. The gathering player. Is he? Is he? Get outta here. Oh yeah, for real magically. I didn't know that. Gee knows all about that. He's like a Dungeons and Dragons guy, by the way. Gee did a tournament and he did. Okay. Congratulations. Gee. It was like an international Dungeons and Dragons tournament. He finished, what was it, 11th out of 542 or I number three In the us. Now he's number three in the, what's the game again?


Flesh and blood. Gee is number three in the United States. The guy's like got celebrity now. I'm afraid I'm gonna lose him. Nobody's allowed to play with Gee anymore because he's getting all famous and come in here, gonna demand like a $22 million advance payment on his side. can, can't have it. Nobody play flesh and blood with gee anymore. No one. I will play with jd. You would? Yeah, jg. He's throwing it out there. Do you know how to play that game? You do. All right, jd. It's an open invite to the show. Hey, one last thing before we go. I wanna show you how the, listen folks, the polls have not been great lately. Don't put too much weight in polls, pro or con. We've been consistent on that for pretty much 10 years, but they do matter because they matter to donors.


I've said this every time and I'll continue to say it. I do not get lost in polls. However, I would rather be ahead than behind. I just don't want you to freak out. Either way, follow the plan, bring 10 people to vote and go and execute. That is it. That's what we have to do. We have 88 days to do it. The left is all AstroTurf. Folks do not be intimidated by these crowds, and so this is all paid nonsense. Watch this CBS report on the Harris and the left. Kamala Harris and the left wingers paying influencers to do all this stuff. Check this out. Last Month, Sunday says she was hired by Protect our Care, a progressive advocacy group that relies on anonymous donors.


She made a video warning about Trump's second term agenda. They almost help you script it, right? Right, definitely. She takes their talking points and puts them into her own voice saying She always discloses when she's being paid. Yes. What's your rate? So a video just for a creator in my size, an average can go from $3,000 to $10,000, depending and upwards. Don't freak out. Oh, look at this jds, jd. We invite Sean. He says that, listen, Amanda's a huge group of card players now. Good for you, jd. I didn't even know that. Folks, do not freak out. Okay? Just execute, execute, execute.


10 people. You have 88 days to do it. You wanna save your country? You had revolutionaries that nearly starved to death, many who died at Valley Forge, people who died heroes in the Battle of the Bulge, world War I, world War ii, the war of 18, 12, the revolution. People fought for freedom in the Civil War. All I'm asking you to do is bring 10 people to vote. Execute. Just execute and we'll be okay. Execute. Do not get sidetracked with nonsense. Happy Frank Ghazi Day again. Frank, I'm inviting you to put out a joint statement against Cory Bush and other anti-Semites. It's the perfect day to do it. You claim to be against this stuff, so if you'd like to send a short video to the show, we'd appreciate it.


The Bonino Army would appreciate it. Make sure you download the Rumble. I get you an oh, there's that point. Wait, wait. Scroll down. I love this guy. Hey, he's gotta make it appear. No, no, no. The other way. Yeah, that guy's Z, Z, Z at. Ask me later on. This guy always puts up great Dan Bongino, Show clips at Ask Me later on. We love this guy. He's cool. So yeah, go follow these people. They're all great. Cernovich Cat turned did a fantastic Esei. Did he? Happy Frank Esei Day days ago, actually. Oh, I know that. Is that 88 days of election.


Folks, download the Rumble app please. Rumble needs your support. We're at war right now. We need your support, everyone today. It is free. It doesn't cost you anything. Go to the app stores, download the Rumble app. Watch every day at 11:00 AM Eastern Time Live. There we go. Anita Mcg, Anita, Anita, the Queen, Anita, everyone. Everyone's gotta bow down. Folks, please download the Rumble app. It is really important. Join us every day at 11:00 AM Eastern Time Live. Also, follow us on Apple, on Spotify. I love you guys. Thank you so much. The bunch, you know, army at Tip hats off to you. I'll see you back here on the radio show in a few minutes and 11:00 AM here tomorrow. See you tomorrow.


You just heard the Dan Bongino Show Eight eight.