0 (3s):
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host, Dan Bonino.

1 (11s):
Hey, I was gonna start with something totally different yesterday 'cause we had some breaking news on my radio show yesterday. We interviewed this New Jersey congressman who's been all over the news. This guy Jeff Andrew, and this drone U-F-O-U-A-P story. Just getting crazy. There's so many different theories, but what's, what's kind of weird about it is it doesn't matter what theory you throw out there, somebody jumps down your throat and is like, has they were invested somehow in another one? And they want to kill you for it. Ah, I'm gonna plow ahead. I'm gonna do what I wanna do based on the facts, but I got something else in the beginning and, and I'm gonna get to that. I got a lot more. It was a crazy also secret service story that broke last night.

Blackout Coffee (48s):
Today's show sponsor by Blackout Coffee. You know, every single day, the official Coffee of the Bino Army. Go to blackout coffee.com/bino. Use code Bonino for 20% off your first order. Thanks. Blackout coffee.

1 (1m 1s):
I got that. Also a big update on Christopher Ray. You've got the, the IG report coming out, coming on today at I believe around Sun more during my radio show on January 6th. So stay tuned to my radio show. Hopefully we'll get our hands on that one.

Helix (1m 15s):
Lemme tell you, I had my Helix mattress for several years now. I noticed how great I'm sleeping throughout the night, how energized I feel in the morning. The energy gives me enough strength to get through long days. Helix is the award-winning mattress brand recommended by many me included for improving sleep. I've been sleeping better. I had to scrap my old mattress, had it forever, got a new one, got one in every room in my house from Helix Sleep's never been better. Feel less aches and pains after sleeping on my Helix. I've got pretty horrible arthritis. I bet it will be for you too. For every type of sleeper. Helix Mattress helps you choose a firmness or height that fits. You wanna know which Helix mattress is right for you. It's really simple. Take their innovative sleep quiz to find your match and right now get 20% off plus two free pillows for all mattress orders when you order at Helix sleep.com/dan. That's H-E-L-I-X Helix sleep.com/dan for 20% off. And two free pillows for all mattress orders.

1 (2m 6s):
All right fellas, let's go. So I told you they were always gonna turn on each other. You know, my cannibalism theory of politics, it's very simple. It's the right doesn't give a shit about the left. We ignore these people and make fun of 'em. That's why the mainstream media liberal hack goons are losing their audience. And we're not because we're right and they're wrong. So we can make fun of 'em. You can't make fun of someone if you're always wrong and they're always right because then you just look like bitter that you're right. You get what I'm saying? We are on the right side of it. So as we ignore these people and they try to cancel us, I told you we were gonna tune them out, but because they can't give up canceling each other and making people look stupid, 'cause that's what liberalism is. It's a hierarchy in trying to subjugate people that they're eventually gonna cannibalize and eat each other as they try to seek power and authority in beating up people politically and otherwise.

1 (2m 50s):
You get what I'm talking about here. You see an action. Tell me here, tell me here. This is an famed neurosurgeon, Dr. Jill Biden, one of the legendary medical doctors anywhere on earth. Dr. Jill Biden. Tell me she's not throwing shade at Kamala Harris here with this clip. This is the cannibalism theory in action. This just happened. Check this out. So

2 (3m 12s):
I hope that you all feel that sense of, you know, peace and light and that just for a moment when you leave here today that you feel, I don't know, a little, a sense of joy. 'cause I think we all need like this, you know, we all need to feel joy now during this, this time of the season during just during this time. So anyway, okay, now I'll start. You're all reading into that?

1 (3m 43s):
Oh no, no, they're not reading into it. They, they didn't need to read into it. It read all itself by itself. They're all reading into it. Necessary. Someone in the chat just brought up uncle bro, I had totally forgotten about uncle bro and the cannibals eating uncle bro. I forgot that The uncle bro clip. I just wanted to throw it out there because our, our batting average Justin is what? Perfect 1000 kids. That is correct. I told you they were gonna start eating themselves alive. And it's little things like this is, how do you think she wasn't taking a shot at Kamala Harris's Renin Stimpy, happy, happy joy, joy campaign. Happy, happy, joy, joy, joy. You know we always give Stimson J Cat a shout out, but we leave Ren out of it.

1 (4m 23s):
There's Ren hok. There you go. Say hello, fellas. Happy, happy joy, joy, joy. There you go. I'll leave them up until we play this video here. So we had some breaking news in the radio show yesterday. If you missed any of the show. Congressman Jeff van Drew. It is growing U-F-O-U-A-P drone scandal in New Jersey. And folks, I listen, I get it. Everybody's got an opinion. For the listeners out there who seem upset at me for having an opinion on the matter, you are entitled to yours too. I'm not upset at you. This is not symmetric. You are upset at me. I'm not upset at you. If you have a different opinion, it's this, it's, that's fine. That's perfectly okay. However, it's The Dan Bongino Show.

1 (5m 4s):
I'm gonna give you my opinion based on what I believe are a series of facts and data points. I believe it is some foreign adversary doing this. If it's not in New Jersey, it's elsewhere. We know about the China spy balloon fact. We know about key sources telling us about China, buying land, about around US military facilities. Fact, what the hell do you think they're doing this for? They're doing it to surveil the United States in case there's some kind of a world war. So they have an idea of what our critical infrastructure looks like. None. This isn't hard. You can have whatever theory you want. I'm just telling you Occam's razor, this is something foreign, not something necessarily exotic and they know there's nothing we're gonna do about it.

1 (5m 47s):
So is it Iran? Is there a ship offshore? I don't know. I tend to think more lean more towards China. Iran's got its own issues right now, but here was Congressman van drew from New Jersey on my show yesterday and he's sticking by this story. So here, check this out and you can make your own decision. Take a listen. So where do we stand with this? Are you getting any answers? I mean, you're a sitting congressman, are they, are they giving you the runaround to So

3 (6m 13s):
Here's the deal, yes, they're giving everybody the run around. So you are, you are correct. It is scary at any level because if they know what's going on and they are hiding it, that's wrong. If they don't know what's going on and they are at that level of incompetence, which is very possible, that is terrible and that is frightening as well. Here's what I know. I know that there are no commercial enterprises within the continental United States that have this ca capability that we know of. There are no hobbyists that have this capability that we know of. We can't imagine that the US government would be flying all these drones, some of them that are the size of mini buses in the air that we know of.

3 (6m 56s):
We can't imagine the US government would do that and scare its people. What I do know is that I've been contacted because I'm the vice chair of the transportation committee and I sit on the committee that the aviation subcommittee that deals with all this, that deals with drones and that I have been contacted by well-placed high level sources with high security clearances that do not want to, you know, tell who they are. Understandably so. They're concerned, but they're also concerned that this isn't coming out that in the port of Iran that one of their motherships had left weeks ago.

3 (7m 37s):
We do know that and we know for sure that Iran does have these capabilities through China because they're dealing with them. These high level sources that I have believe that there's a very real significant possibility that there is an Iranian mothership out there and that it is releasing these high level sophisticated drones.

1 (8m 0s):
Now Marley B 1947 says in the chat, it's their job to know Marley B 1947. Thank you. That's the point. Is it Iran? I don't know. Is it a mothership offshore? I have no idea. I, my sources haven't told me that at all. I'm basing it on simple evidence that I think it's a foreign actor because a foreign actors done this before. It it this spy balloon China, we know the story. Who's buying land around military facilities? China, what do you think they're buying land for? Because they wanna be sharecroppers.

1 (8m 40s):
They're buying land because they're surveilling the United States in case they gotta go to war with us. When in doubt, always pick the explanation that requires you to assume the least, not the most. You're free to have your own opinion on it. Now you know my rule with the left, right? When the left comes out and has a visceral, immediate reaction along with their deep state media allies to something immediate, an immediate reaction to something, what does it tell you? Always How many times I gotta say this Bongino army represent, fire it up in the chat.

1 (9m 23s):
Always measure the effectiveness of an appointee, a bill, a message by the ferocity of the response on the other side. Immediately after this, a press conference gets called at the Pentagon, not after my show. He had said that before Congressman Van drew the Pentagon calls a press conference. And there's this question from Catherine, her who we know is kind of not Catherine her, I'm sorry Catherine her a great reporter, the other whatever, it's Griffin and oh she's totally in there with the Pentagon people. It it's like this is to me just seems like an obvious like setup.

1 (10m 3s):
This whole thing. I want you to listen to them. I mean feverishly deny this, but they just told us from the White House hours before this, they don't know what they are. So they don't know what they are, but they know it's not that. Can someone explain? Now I'm sure it's a foreign adversary. Check this out.

4 (10m 23s):
Representative Jeff Van Drew, who is a Republican from New Jersey, was just on the air saying that Iran launched a mothership probably about a month ago that contains these drones and that that mothership is off the coast of the East coast of the United States. Is there any truth to that?

5 (10m 40s):
There is not any truth to that. There is no Iranian ship off the coast of the United States and there's no so-called mothership launching drones towards the United States.

1 (10m 50s):
Folks, I don't understand something. Someone in the chat, please explain this to me. Explain it to me like I, I'm, I'm still wearing diapers. Pretend I'm really stupid for a second please. The White House state police in New Jersey, the governor, local mayors, local cops, nobody has an answer about what this is. No one, all they can tell you is we don't know. So if you don't know, how can you draw a conclusion that it's not Iran? How do you draw a conclusion that it's not a danger? How? I don't understand. If you don't know now you may say, well they can prove it because we have no evidence that there's an Iranian ship offshore.

1 (11m 33s):
You don't. Okay, is it coming out of a cargo container shipped from somewhere? I mean they're drones folks. They're bullshitting us. I'm telling you, I am I my the batting average on this show is a freaking thousand. If you watch, you know, this is probably a foreign actor. These deep state people in the Pentagon and elsewhere don't wanna acknowledge our failure to do anything about basic aerial surveillance to technology. 'cause they don't wanna look weak. Someone's sending us a message before Trump gets into office. This is what we can do to you guys. 'cause they're afraid of what happens when Trump gets in there. So they're embarrassing Biden right now.

1 (12m 15s):
Right? And it's clear that the swamp, the deep state swamp is desperately trying to explain this away. Not by telling you what it is, but by telling you what it isn't. Alright, I spent a lot of time on this yesterday, but this story just seems to be growing legs by the minute. And if we get any updates, you'll hear 'em on the radio show. But I'm telling you folks, this is a serious story because if, if they're lying because there are securities inadequate over the airspace, it's a freaking scandal. And if they're not lying and they don't know what's flying in the skies despite multi trillions of dollars of government security assets around the country, then we've got an even bigger problem.

1 (12m 58s):
Ladies and gentlemen, yesterday was a good day though. The winning continues more, more, more. Just keep it coming, keep it rolling. Let that more rollercoaster Keep going up and down and up and down because I am having a grand old time post-election waiting eagerly for Donald Trump to raise his right hand as the victories pile up. What happened yesterday? Well What happened yesterday is our disgrace FBI Director Christopher Ray, which by the way, if this January 6th Inspector General report comes out later on the show and I get to cover it on radio if it comes out today, I don't think it's a winky dink that this guy announces his resignation yesterday 'cause there may be a lot of dirty little details on there.

1 (13m 42s):
Here is Fox reporting on Christopher Ray disgraced FBI director now thankfully for the sake of the country resigning, good, great, good ridden. See you later. Don't let the door hit you in the ass. Check this out.

6 (13m 55s):
FBI Director Christopher Ray has announced that he is gonna be ending his tenure as the FBI director earlier than the end of his tenure term. Which again is not surprising as Donald Trump has said he wants cash Patel to head up the FBI In the new administration, David spent live at the Justice Department with the breaking news for us, David,

7 (14m 13s):
Well John Christopher A the FBI director is making this announcement right now in an all staff town hall with thousands of FBI employees across the country. He says, now is his time to go.

1 (14m 26s):
No, now isn't the time to go, time for you to go was seconds after you got hired you you, I mean this guy's practically worse than Jim Comey. The level of malfeasance and misfeasance we've seen in the FBI since this guy's been in charge folks, it's important now that we don't let sleeping dogs lie. Okay? Christopher Ray's FBI was responsible for a lot of malicious, I believe illegal behavior and certainly unconstitutional behavior. And if we let it go, what's the problem? Well the problem is it's gonna happen again because there's no penalty for it. If you let people in the FBI steal elections and interfere in elections and there's no penalty, then what's gonna stop them from doing it again? The answer is nothing.

1 (15m 8s):
Here's just a little bit of Christopher Ray's greatest misses 'cause he has no greatest hits. This guy's been a disgrace during his time at the FBI, but these are things I am not going to let go. He still will not admit that on January 6th, the only thing that Democrats ever wanna talk about January 6th, January 6th, January 6th, they act like the country's stuck in this January 6th like Tesseract and can't leave it. He will not admit that there were FBI sources in the crowd despite the fact I am telling you, look at me, please look, I have a federal agent source who has shown me pictures.

1 (15m 53s):
There were feds in the crowd on January 6th. That's an absolute fact. There's no disputing it just come clean. He won't remember this. Check this out. Did you

8 (16m 6s):
Have confidential human sources dressed as Trump supporters inside the Capitol on January the sixth prior to the doors being opened

9 (16m 14s):
Again, I had to be very careful of

8 (16m 15s):
What it should be. A no. Can you not tell the American people no, we did not have confidential human sources dressed as Trump supporters position inside the capitol.

9 (16m 25s):
Gentleman's time has expired January. You should not read anything into my decision not to share information Director Ray confidential gentleman's time has how many individuals were either FBI employees or people that the FBI had made contact with were in the January 6th entry of the capitol and surrounding area. So I, I really need to be careful here talking about where we have or have not used confidential human sources. Was there one or more, was there one or more individuals that would fit that description on January 6th that were in or around the capitol? I, I believe there is a, a filing in one of the January 6th cases that can provide a little more information about this and I'm happy to see if we can follow back up with you.

9 (17m 12s):
I just want an answer. Was there one or more? I mean you would know if there was at least one individual who worked for the FBI who, who entered the capitol on that day. I can't, again, I just can't speak to that here

1 (17m 25s):
Folks. He can speak to it. He chooses not to. He doesn't want you to know this. Do you understand why someone in the chat beat me to the punch on this one? Be quick, do a little de la joll on me or something. Do you know why he won't admit this? Even though everybody knows it to be true at this point, it's already been publicly reported. You wanna know why and it's gonna come out later today too because if you find out that there may have been people working with the FBI now don't assume they were all I'm telling you, there were federal agents in the crowd. That's a fact. Everybody got it? So I don't want my words to be misconstrued. There were definitely federal agents in the crowd and probably a lot of them that's not so much I think what they're hiding, okay?

1 (18m 11s):
There are always counter surveillance people and stuff in crowds everywhere. That's not even news Inauguration date is gonna be feds all over the place in the crowd. They're sitting there working counter surveillance looking for stuff. I get it. That's not the scandal here folks. This is what I think a lot of the reporters are missing. What I wanna know is were there FBI assets in the crowd. In other words, people pretending to be say the proud boys or something else working for the FBI who were there specifically to gin up and agitate and provoke violence.

1 (18m 51s):
That's the question I want answered. And then with federal agents nearby watching The whole thing, that's what I wanna know. And that's the question. I know some people Julie's asking and Darren, but a lot of others are missing. That's the reason he won't say it. And by the way, oh I can't say it enough, right? Always measure the success of something. In other words, pushing Christopher Ray out, which Donald Trump did by saying Cas Patel was gonna replace him by the response of your political opponents. Folks, who is the worst deep stater ever on the media side?

1 (19m 33s):
Deep state Ken Delan and Fusion Ken who the intercept noted is the CIA's like mop up guy. Ken Delany at NBC is a mouthpiece for the deep state. You might as well consider this guy a de facto in officer of the United States. This guy is the mouthpiece when a deep state wants to say something they say to him, they are very upset about Christopher Ray stepping aside because they know the rocks are gonna get overturned. Listen to fusion Ken. And this is how, you know, replacing him with cash Patel was a really damn good idea. Watch this.

10 (20m 9s):
And this really marks the end of what was a delicate dance for Christopher Ray where he tried for years to keep the FBI away from partisan politics and stay off of Donald Trump's enemies list. Even as the FBI was running investigations of Mr. Trump.

1 (20m 23s):
That may be the single dumbest thing I've ever heard on television. Christopher Ray tried to keep the FBI outta partisan politics. Is that by investigating pro-lifers, moms for liberty, MAGA hat wearers, people who say the word based. Is that why inserting feds and fed assets in the crowd on January 6th? Is that hiding the identity of pipe harbor? Bullshit Ken? Bullshit. We have a lot, lot of bullshit flags we throw off and these is a big bullshit flag. So heavy, I can't even throw it now. You know, always measure the effectiveness by the response of your political opponents. When you hear stuff like that, you know the deep state is freaking out. I want a couple, I'm gonna show you a couple more things about Christopher Ray because now that he's walking out the door, I want answers and cash.

1 (21m 9s):
Patel is hopefully gonna get them at the FBI 'cause we cannot reestablish faith in our FBI. If we don't get the answers to these questions, I got them coming up for you. Next quick break.

Blackout Coffee (21m 18s):
Blackout coffee folks. Be awake. No woke. Blackout coffee's the official coffee or the bungee and army. Why? Because it's damn good. They use premium beans. They ship within 48 hours. It's super fresh. It is bold, it's not bitter. And the flavored coffees are amazing, folks. I can't say enough about the cinnamon French toast. The dark chocolate is freaking bananas too. Also, the blueberry crumble fantastic. The espresso's amazing. It is the best coffee out there. I love it. I drink it. I drink it three, four cups a day. It's my favorite thing. I I, if you're watching the radio show, you see I disappear sometimes. That's me going to get some more blackout coffee. The folks at Blackout Coffee ship within 48 hours of roasting. So do me a favor, pick some up today, go to blackout coffee.com/bonino. See what I'm talking about? They're the real deal. Stop drinking woke Corporate brown water coffee. Drink a bold coffee that's never bitter black blackout coffee.com/bonino. Or use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. Make the switch to blackout coffee. You're gonna love it. Thank you. Blackout coffee. We really appreciate it.

1 (22m 17s):
I want answers to this too, folks. Remember this article in just the news by Stephen Richards and John Solomon, January 6th. Shocker. Phone companies dispute FBI testimony on the pipe bomb suspect. Key lawmaker reveals the lawmakers. Barry Loudermilk, a really good Republican, a Republican member of the House of Representatives. Long story short, if you're new to The Dan Bongino Show, pipe bomb gets placed at the DNC on January 6th. Kamala Harris is at the DNC. What? Kamala Harris is at the Capitol. No she wasn't. She was at, she was for a little bit. She was at the DNC. Nobody's explained to this day why they find a pipe bomb outside. Everybody's buried. The story. The FBI's claiming they have video of the pipe bomber talking on a cell phone that night prior.

1 (22m 59s):
Really? Well, whose cell phone Was it? You can triangulate. They said, I don't know. The phone company told us the records were corrupted really after Donald Trump won the election. As if on Q the phone company says they weren't corrupted. We've got the records. In other words, ladies and gentlemen, you understand. They know who this person is and they just don't want to tell you. You understand that, right? Let's hope we get an answer about that. Christopher Ray's not gonna give it to you because the guy is a buffoon. That's why. And he's a phony and a fake and a fraud. And I hope he lives the left rest of his life outside of politics because this guy was just really, really bad at this.

1 (23m 40s):
Here I want you to watch this. This is Tom Massey, fantastic congressman from Kentucky. He's asking Christopher Ray about this specific thing in the phone records. I want an answer from this and hopefully cash Patel's gonna get it. Who the hell is this guy? The pipe bomber guy? You know who it is. We have the phone records and you are lying about them. Watch this exchange.

9 (24m 3s):
Some of the information that we found in that interview was that phone data that could have helped to identify the pipe bomber was corrupted. It was unusable. He also wasn't sure who found or how the second bomb was found at the DNC. Do you know how the second bomb was found at the DNC? And and when do you plan on answering our letter? Well, as to the letter I, I will work with the department to make sure we can figure out what information we can provide. As you know, this is a very active ongoing investigation and there are some restrictions on that. But we will, yes, we can handle classified information and we fund your department. And so you need to provide that.

9 (24m 43s):
I it's not respectfully, it's not an issue of classification, it's an issue of commenting on ongoing criminal investigations, which is something that by longstanding department policy we are restricted in doing. And in fact, the last administration actually strengthened those policies. Partly because that's not our policy though. And we fund you. So let's move on. I could, do you know how the second bomb, do you, can you tell us how the second pipe bomb was found at the DNCI? Again, I'm not gonna get into that here. 900 days ago is when this happened and you said you had total confidence we'd apprehend the subject

1 (25m 19s):
Folks, you understand how full of shit this guy is. He keeps falling back on this. We can't comment an ongoing investigation you have what you are claiming is a major net. You the FBI deep standers. You are saying it. You're telling us this was a massive Chewbacca led insurrection that almost led to the downfall of the United States. Have you not? You you arrested 700 people over it. That's how serious you told us this was. You've got a ringleader, a guy who planted a bomb on January 6th. You know who it is. You don't wanna tell the nation.

1 (25m 58s):
Think about it folks. You knew the identity of all of these people involved in all these other crimes, instantly put 'em up, be on the lookout for they don't want, there's no bolo or anything. Have you thought about that? They have the name of the guy and they just don't wanna tell you why? Because it's one of them. It is definitely an inside job. 100%. They know the name. They know the name. They have the phone records of the guy on the phone. He's the only one there. It gets even worse right after Kamala Harris arrives.

1 (26m 41s):
Some guy walks up and finds the bomb. Finds the bomb, and goes over and talks to the cops in secret services. Hey, there's a bomb there. You would think the FB I'd be pretty open. Yeah, we interviewed this person. We interviewed the pipe bomb, all this stuff. Listen to Christopher Ray, who again cannot answer a simple question. This guy is garbage. He is a lying fraud. He is involved and is knee deep in one of the biggest scandals in American history involving January 6th. Listen to this.

9 (27m 11s):
If that person found the pipe bomb, would they be a suspect? Well, again, I don't wanna speculate about specific individuals. I will tell you that we have done thousands of interviews, reviewed something like 40,000 video files, of which this is one assessed 500 something tips. Have you interviewed that person? Reviewed the devices. We, we have conducted all logical investigative steps and interviewed all logical individuals at this point. Then you need, it's 900 days continuing. You need to tell us what you found because we're finding stuff you haven't released into the public.

1 (27m 49s):
I, I can't believe people fall for this guy's bullshit. I'm, I'm lefties. I I'm gonna move on to cash in a second. 'cause cash is asking all the right questions. Cash Patel, who's gonna be who? Who's very likely right now to be his successor at the FBI. Even if you're a lefty, right? And you're really stupid. You're one of the liberals listening to the show that has been vaccinated to facts and has a skull 72 inches thick. I'm just asking you a simple question. You told us, right? You told us folks in the chat, tell me I'm wrong. Did the left not tell us this is the worst insurrection in human history. Chewbacca was gonna be the Viceroy of the northeastern, Northeastern territories. The whole country was gonna fall worse than Pearl Harbor, worse than the Civil War.

1 (28m 30s):
You told us that. We were like, yeah, that seems like just a tad bit of hyperbole there for a riot that seems like a tad bit hyperbolic. Just a ta. You now have a suspect. You could put a bee on the lookout for the MAGA terrorist. Put his picture everywhere. Bolo be on the lookout for this guy. You know who he is. And strangely they won't tell us Liberals, I know you're dumb, but really don't you aren't even you with your, you know, your general lack of aptitude and achievement in life, aren't you saying to yourself right now?

1 (29m 10s):
You know what? That damn barto is not crazy. That is kind of weird. I mean we did tell 'em MAGA terrorists we're gonna destroy the country and now we've got an opportunity to put out a bolo for a MAGA terrorist. And we're not. We're not doing. That's so, it's so weird. It's almost like they're hiding something, right? 'cause they are not. Everything's an inside job. This one is a hundred percent, not even 99.5. Wait till caskets in there. By the way, this guy's asking all the right questions about that and more in Ukraine money too. People have questions. We want answers. We pay for this stuff, the FBI and everything else. Quick break. We'll get back to that.

Omaha Steaks (29m 49s):
Nothing delivers comfort and joy. Quite like the unrivaled quality and taste of Omaha Steaks. It's guaranteed perfection every single bite. Right now you can save on unforgettable gifts with 50% off site wide at Omaha Steaks dot com plus score an extra $30 off with promo code bonino five generations of experience. They have consistently delivering the world's best steak experience. And the gifting experts at Omaha Steaks made it easy to deliver the perfect gift with thoughtfully curated gift packages featuring your gourmet favorites. Paul and I have been stocking up. We typically don't do a lot of entertaining except this year we just moved in the house from a house warming party. The birthday party coming up tomorrow. We got a whole bunch of stuff. We're gonna be serving a lot of Omaha Steaks from their legendary steaks to their perfectly sized dessert. Say 50% off Sitewide for a limited time at Omaha Steaks dot com. Plus our listeners get an extra $30 off with promo code bonino. That's 50% off at Omaha O-M-A-H-A Omaha Steaks dot com. And an extra $30 off with promo code BONINO minimum purchase may apply.

1 (30m 48s):
And our last sponsor before we get back to the show and this Cash Patel clip, which can open your eyes here.

Genucel (30m 53s):
What's the best gift this holiday season taking decades or years off of your appearance? There's only two weeks left to get the genus cell jawline treatment With dual peptide and MDL technology genus cell's most advanced ever. The jawline treatment I know helps tighten saggy jawlines but plump the outer layers of the skin to help contour the fine sculpt the jawline and neck. Within minutes people go abroad, spend a lot of money to get rid of sagging jawlines or double chins. They should try genus cell first 'cause no one else has the technology. And with the Genucel immediate effects, you can see tightening in minutes and just in time for Christmas and the holiday season, save over 70% off genu cell's complete skincare package featuring the jawline treatment and genus cell's immediate effects even get genus cell XV wrinkle treatment included. It's simple. Go to jenel.com/dan today and start looking years, even decades younger tomorrow for those family get togethers and a special holiday gift. Every package order includes a bonus beauty box with two skincare bestsellers. All orders automatically upgraded to free priority shipping. Go to jenu sell.com/dan GN U c.com/dan, check 'em out. Thanks Jenny. So we appreciate it.

1 (31m 56s):
This is his likely successor at the fbi. This is a no bullshit guy. I have personally vouched for the deep state lib accounts went crazy. They got their asses kicked again online as they all got exposed. I love it. I am sitting at, we have conquered and vanquished so many losers. I tell you, oh, you stick with me. We will always point out the losers and the zeros. I told you a bunch of deep state lib accounts were terrified of cash Patel because they're deep state libs. They're running under anonymous names. They're liberals. They're trying to destroy cash Patel, because Cash Patel is not only gonna look into the J six stuff, the Spygate stuff, the collusion hoax stuff.

1 (32m 36s):
Cash Patel is also gonna look into what has been going on with a lot of this money we're transferring overseas, ladies and gentlemen. Is some of this being used for corrupt activities? Folks, let me be clear. What's happened to the Ukrainians is an absolute stain on humankind. If Russia would stop fighting, there'd be peace. Ukraine stops fighting. There's no Ukraine period. However, Ukrainians key Ukrainian lawmakers were knee deep in this Russia collusion hoax. There's zero doubt about that. And there's been almost no accountability. That has nothing to do with the war portion. But this does. We're sending a lot of money over there, folks. We're sending money for a war effort, okay? Whether you agree with it or not, it's there. And if it's gonna go there, it better damn well fund weapons acquisition and not fund corrupt activities.

1 (33m 22s):
Ukraine doesn't have the best record here and it's our responsibility to look into it. Here's another reason. The deep state lib accounts are terrified of cash. Patel, check this out.

11 (33m 32s):
I've asked this congress to be, to investigate where has this money gone? The American people are owed that answer because it's our money, it's our taxpayer dollars. Well,

12 (33m 40s):
And and there's a lot of really good reason to be concerned because you know, U the Ukraine was known as a, you know, place for of corruption, a place for money laundering. Yeah.

11 (33m 51s):
It's not like we sent a billion dollars as if that was even a small number to begin with, right? We've sent a hundred times that to one country. I don't know how this Congress is allowed to get away with it.

1 (34m 5s):
Do you see why the deep state accounts and the lib accounts are terrified of the guy? I'm telling you, you're being played. That's why we always win because we know exactly who to warn you about and then they freak out and they panic when we expose 'em because they continue to get their asses handed to 'em. They're afraid of this guy. That's why, because there's billions of dollars at stake to going like this. Look in the other way. So what do you do? You go anonymously attack him online. Ca Patel has secretly got Martian gene's enemy. He is gotta infiltrate the way and idiots believe it.

1 (34m 45s):
They're afraid of this guy. This guy's been openly talking about questions you've had forever. You may say to yourself fairly or not right, you may say failure, that's probably poor way to say it. But you may say to yourself, I disagree with Ukrainian spending. But even if you do disagree on funding the war in Ukraine, even if you do, can we at least agree if we're going to send our money there, then it should at least be spent on what we say we should spend it on by this weapon system. Not like buy off a politician. Right? Even if you disagree, you, this is why they hate this guy.

1 (35m 28s):
Please trust me. I've told you our batting average is a thousand here. We have vanquished many a foe on exactly this toy with the Bino army. You're gonna always lose. There's a reason we're the number one live stream. It's because we're always on the right side here, man. It's 'cause we do our homework and we obey the Bino rule and we don't fall for sucker stuff online folks. Pete Hegseth, the war on Pete Hegseth is continuing as well. Pete is another victim of this. Maybe not in the, not in a way Cash Cas Patel. There's a different attack going on on Cash Patel by deep staters and libs. The attack on Pete Hegseth has a lot to do with people who profit off an endless war machine.

1 (36m 12s):
I'm not throwing out silly talking about, ah, defense industry sucks. Really defense, you defense some of the defense industry makes some of the firearms I have in my own house, they don't suck. What does suck is when the defense industry gets an outside kind of elaborated megaphone like voice in our foreign policy. We didn't elect the defense industry to do anything. There was a lot of money in the war machine. Pete, Seth is going to ask about these foreign interventions we're engaged. He's gonna ask a critical question. Why are we there? Nobody wants people asking questions. They want the Mark Milley type and whatever who are just like, yeah, okay, whatever. Let's do it. So of course the media is trying to dismantle Pete, he Seth, because they're in bed with a lot of these lobbyists and others.

1 (36m 55s):
And ProPublica, which is a basically a left wing goon site, was trying to attack Pete ha Seth with a false report show up, show the tweet if you could, that he was not accepted to West Point in 1999. Really? So Pete says, here is my letter of acceptance signed by the West Point superintendent, Lieutenant General Daniel Christman of the US Army. So ProPublic, of course, which is gonna do extra scrutiny on Pete Hegseth, unlike they would do on any left winger out there. 'cause they seem to focus exclusively on conservative leaning Supreme Court justices and people like Pete, Seth got absolutely wrecked. Now, ProPublica saying, Hey, we were doing, I'll give you their side because unlike ProPublica, we try to do actual reporting.

1 (37m 39s):
ProPublica saying, Hey, this is journalism. We heard that Pete Hegseth was lying about West Point. We reached out to West Point. West Point told us on the record he did not apply there. They're saying clearly we were wrong, therefore we didn't publish the story. Folks, this is about intent. You know what they were doing. And now the West Point was forced to issue a statement. A review of our records indicates Hegseth was offered admission to West Point, 1999, but did not attend. They say It was an incorrect statement from whatever their admissions department or whatever. It's folks, I I, I'm sorry, but I, I just don't believe any of it. I I just don't. I'm so tired of the media attack jobs on these people. They fabricated a narrative in their head in real life.

1 (38m 19s):
It turned out to be false. They were emailing around about this thing. This isn't the kind of scrutiny left-wingers get, you know, however much you hate the media. I promise you it is not enough. They will never call out left-wing bs. Here's a perfect example. I wanna contrast these two stories. I put that first for a reason. Here we have a story that's making the news and ProPublica was trying to advance before they got shut down about a completely false, ridiculous story. Pete Hegg said, did not get accepted to West Point. Absolutely fake and false. Okay? Because they're subjecting Pete to scrutiny. They never subject to left to. Here's an example of something ProPublica. I'd be very impressed if they did this story.

1 (38m 60s):
Here's Bill Clinton on the View yesterday, the other day, yesterday or the day before. It doesn't matter. Bill Clinton's a guest on the view. He says something on the view patently false debunked by every serious journalist out there, including unserious journalists like the Washington Post. He's talking about Hillary Clinton in her emails. Do you see a concerted left wing effort right now today to attack him like they attack Heg said No you don't. They're gonna let The whole thing go because the left wing set it because there's two different standards. Actually. It's one standard. We're in charge. And you or not check this out.

13 (39m 34s):
Do you think it would be wise of President Biden to preemptively Pardon any potential targets? What about your wife Hillary Clinton? She apparently is on cash patel's list. For what? Yeah,

14 (39m 49s):
Well they got a problem with her because first she didn't do anything wrong. Of course. Second, she followed the rules exactly as they were written. Third Trump's state department. Trump's state Department found, remember how the emails was such a big issue in 2016? Oh yeah. Trump's state Department found that Hillary sent and received exactly zero classified emails on her personal device. It was a whole, It was a made up phony story. Yeah.

1 (40m 26s):
Do you see the hierarchy system where when you are the left, right, the media and you're in charge, you don't give a shit about looking like hypocrites. You just protect your own because you're insulating the top from power. So they can subjugate people beneath them. Washington Post Glen Kessler, I mean you wanna talk about left. Even these left wing lunatics Clinton's claims about receiving or sending classified material on a private email system. They had to update the fact check to a new four Pinocchio rating from two. That's how much bullshit he just said right there, folks. She did receive classified information, they wiped the markings off some of the documents.

1 (41m 11s):
Everybody knows that. But because he's a left winger, he's protected. This is why they are so afraid of ai. You get where I'm going with this. They have a massive multi-billion dollar international effort going on right now. The left to stop. People like Bill Clinton from getting actually fact checked while attacking people like, like Pete Hegseth for facts that don't exist. And what they do is when something comes out they don't like, they just label it misinformation or disinformation as a way to censor it. This is a multi-billion dollar business censorship for them.

1 (41m 51s):
Here's Molly Hemingway on Fox describing the hundreds of millions of dollars that went into this in the Biden administration trying to censor people they never, ever, ever can have. You see the truth that they're afraid you'll never vote Democrat again, check this out. Alright,

6 (42m 5s):
Let's talk about misinformation and how much money is being spent on it. The Biden administration collectively has spent $267 million to combat misinformation. Look at the increase in spending from 2017 when just $316,000 was spent on it. It topped out in 2022 at $75.8 million. The administration says, oh, we had to spend this money because so many people were saying things that were wrong about Covid. Well, yeah, and some of that came from the government.

15 (42m 32s):
Well John, this is absolutely one of the most important issues facing the country right now. We have federal agencies engaged in the suppression of speech and debate that the federal government disagrees with. That is in no way the job of the federal government to weigh in on how, on what Americans are saying and how they talk about it. They put it under the guise of fighting misinformation or disinformation fact checking. They claim they're doing news literacy. It is a complete violation of the First Amendment. The amount of money going into it is amazing.

1 (43m 3s):
Folks, this censorship business is a staple of current liberal left wing politics. Why would you have to censor people if you felt like the information you were putting out there was factually accurate? Why? I don't, I don't understand. Why are you censoring people on the pipe bomber? Why are you censoring people on covid and mask? Why are you censoring people on January 6th and how many feds are in the crowd? Why are you censoring people on Bill Clinton? Why are you censoring people on P success? Why They're doing it because they're afraid you are gonna see the truth. This is what bothers them about ai. I promised you yesterday a follow up to this segment. This is fascinating. This is fascinating. This is Guy Mark Andreessen big tech investor.

1 (43m 44s):
Played a clip from him yesterday talking about how if you missed yesterday's clip, you can watch a podcast. But the gist of It was that he was investing in some AI companies and the government came to him and said, don't put your money in there. We're gonna control all the AI anyway, don't even bother. And he was like, wait, what? What do you mean you guys are gonna control ai? Here's a follow up to this where he is talking about why they need to control ai because it's going to be the front facing filter by which you get your information about everything, the law cops, healthcare, government tax policy. And if you can filter information, IE prevent people from seeing the truth.

1 (44m 28s):
You own the world. This is a really crumbling clip. Watch this.

16 (44m 34s):
The censorship and political control of AI is like a thousand times more dangerous than censorship and political control of social media. Maybe a million times more dangerous. Social media censorship and political control is very dangerous, but at least it's only like people talking to each other and communicating. The thing with AI is, I think AI is gonna be the control layer for everything in the future, right? So I think AI is gonna be the control layer for how the healthcare system works. I think it's gonna be the control layer for how the education system works. It's gonna be the control layer for how the government works, right? And so in the future when you deal with a healthcare system or with the education system or with the government, you're gonna be dealing with an ai. And so if that AI is, you know, call it what you want, woke bias, censored, you know, politically controlled like you are in like a hyper Orwellian, you know, China style social credit system nightmare, right?

16 (45m 21s):
Absolute nightmare. And this goes directly to Elon's argument, which is at the core of this, what you have to do is you have to train the AI to lie.

1 (45m 28s):
I ended it there for a reason. That's what you needed to hear. That's the takeaway. I hope you tattoo that on your brain. They need to train the AI to lie. And no private company is going to do that without government protection. You know why? Feed it to me in the chat. Come on, let's hear it. Because you'll be sued if you are an AI company and you put out some information on your AI that you've trained, knowingly trained to lie. I'll give you a quick example, an easy one. Some medical procedure. Oh, you don't need to see a doctor about this specific condition because it's politically incorrect to, to do so they, and then that person dies because you've trained it to lie because of some politically incorrect narrative.

1 (46m 12s):
Then you could be sued. However, just like certain pharma industries get government protections for taking risks on things, this is exactly what they wanna do with ai. They wanna make sure it's under a government umbrella so that they're protected against the lying and the lawsuits later. You get where I'm going with this. There's gotta be a filter, an algorithm like filter that filters out you from accessing the truth about everything from what the rich pay and taxes to what school choice actually does in the states. Because if you start looking it up and you are an impressionable voter, you'll never vote Democrat again.

1 (46m 52s):
They can't have that. That's the problem. They need to train it to lie. And it's not easy to do without government interference, without worrying about massive liability problems and everything else. Here's another reason you are. If you are a, just a really simple market reason, say there's no government involvement at all, AI's gonna tell you the truth. If one AI tells you the truth and another one's run by a bunch of liberals at some company called Skal or whatever, no one's gonna use the AI that lies because people generally want accurate information. They're gonna go to the AI from whatever conservative ai dot whatever, and they're gonna say, Hey man, I thought these were both intelligent.

1 (47m 34s):
How come this one's given a different answer? And people are gonna realize they're being lied to either way. It blow. Do you get where I'm going with this? Either way, it blows up the left wing media symbiote that's engaged in propaganda forever. Places like Wikipedia will no longer credibly exist with a functioning AI and it breaks down one of the biggest propaganda operations on the left. I, man, I've been wondering you about this forever. Our batting averages a thousand control of AI is everything in the future. Everything. You will never win an election again without it.

1 (48m 18s):
Alright, I wanna move on to an important story. 'cause I gotta tell you, I'm torn on this one's why I left it for last and I, you know, listen, I need your help. Your opinions matter to me. I don't claim to have all the answers on everything and sometimes my opinions, you know, may be wrong. So there's a couple of scandals going on in the Secret Service. One of 'em is a pretty big deal. I'll, I'll play it next. It's from the Jesse Waters show. They put it out last night. Jesse's been doing a great job about a lot of these secret service issues. I know he is very concerned about it. I've known Jesse A. Long time. He wants to make sure President Trump and all the Protectee stay alive. But this broke the other day as well. Susan Crabtree's, an excellent reporter. You should follow her on ex. She's at Susan Crabtree, common spelling. He, she has a little scoop it here from the Secret Service. This is an email that went out, I assume it's from a Presidential protection division agent.

1 (49m 1s):
'cause she says so it looks like a supervisor. It's basically a reply all email and you can see the email below. She got it obviously from a source. There's no disputing it's accurate. 'cause the agent who sent it out, the supervisor has since apologized for the tone of it. And I'm not gonna read The whole thing, but here's the gist of it. This sounds like it's what we would call a shift leader. So the president's detail, keep this up if you would. Guys, the president's detail has a number of shifts. Day shift, afternoon shift, training shift, midnight shift, and then other stuff they do. I'm not gonna get into all the details, but scheduling people to be on duty 24 hours a day. 'cause you never forfeit protection. You don't have to give the president downtime like he always has.

1 (49m 42s):
Protection all the time is hard. It's a pain in the ass. I did it as the whip and ts and I did the schedule when I was a number one whip on the shift myself. It's a real pain in the ass. So this is why I'm torn on this. I guess What happened is a lot of guys were requesting what they call R ds. R ds are short for regular days off. So this managers pissed and he says, as a reminder, with respect to the schedule, there's a lot going on. So requesting our dos next week isn't gonna cut it between all these things, including temps trips and all this stuff. He says, unless it's a legit emergency, don't even request anything for the next week out. It's not just for this week. I mean, going forward. And he goes into this big long thing and he talks about how the ADLs work way too hard.

1 (50m 26s):
Who are the ADLs? I'll translate for you. That's assistant detail leaders, okay? Those are the guys, the ADLs and the whips who do the schedule. So he's basically saying, you're messing up this ADL's life by having to change the schedule all the time. And then he has to throw some dumb ass comment in like, so why don't to have next Tuesday off so you can get your dog groomed? Like you don't need to write that in there. And he's basically saying, don't, don't even bother requesting this stuff. This caused a whole big shit show controversy in the Secret Service. Now I'm kind of torn on this, and again, I don't pretend to know it all. Unpopular opinions, their opinions too. But I owe you the truth because the show's always gonna be authentic.

1 (51m 7s):
When I was on the detail and we didn't have any of these security problems, airspace was secure. We, nothing happened at Protectees on my watch or anytime I was over on the detail at all. Okay? We had a pretty good group of guys who knew what they were doing weren't perfect. But you know, we had pretty good group of guys. I'm gonna be honest with you. You don't need to write emails like this. I get that. The tone is definitely what? No, you know, just don't talk to people like that. However, the gist of the email's pretty much accurate. If you're gonna go into Secret Service and you wanna do the protection detail and the Secret service then folks there, there's really, if you take a day off, if you're requesting a day off, the shift has, I'm just gonna throw a number.

1 (51m 49s):
It's not the real number I, I promise you, but let's say the shift around the president has 15 guys on it. There's 15 guys protecting President Biden right now, if someone requests an RDO or an SDO scheduled day off, that's unplanned. Someone else who had a day off has to come in and there's no, you don't work short ever on the detail. So I get it. The tone is kind of like, eh, I'm just saying like someone gets effed over bad. Someone who had a day off to go to his kid's birthday party. Now it's to cancel, to fill in for the other guy. So I get why some of the agents were pissed off. You shouldn't talk to the guys like this.

1 (52m 29s):
They're busting their asses and I love you guys, but when I was there, this is the way it pretty much went down. I mean, if you, you know, you got a day off and you get called in, it pretty much sucks. I wanna play this too. This happened on Jesse Waters show last night. This is some relatively new information. Apparently there was an engagement with the, remember the golf course incident with Donald Trump? They had the potential assassin right there waiting in the woods. And then there's an engagement with the Secret Service. This is some new stuff. Check this out there some commentary on the other side.

17 (52m 58s):
Two new revelations from the Trump assassination task force. According to their report, the Secret service agent who spotted Ryan Ruth in the Bushes outside Trump's golf course was only five feet away when he opened fire and missed him, not once, not twice, six times. He missed him six times from five feet. How does a trained agent who passed the firearms test miss a target away five feet away? That's not all. The report says the secret Service found out at two 30 in the morning that Trump would be golfing later that day. But they didn't secure the course, allowing Ruth to camp out for 12 hours before anyone saw him. Meanwhile, Ruth appeared in federal court this morning and his legal team signaling they're gonna go with the insanity defense.

17 (53m 42s):
How convenient. Ruth's public defender said he has had multiple meetings with a mental health expert while in jail and the witnesses who saw him before the arrest say he was hallucinating and delusional. Of course, prosecutors also revealed that Ruth has been doing a lot more writing behind bars than initially reported. Ruth has written nearly 40 letters to news outlets in an attempt to persuade them that he's an honorable guy, but they were intercepted before they reached their targets. We also know that only 17 of the 18 cell phones found in Ruth's possession belong to him. Why does he have 18 cell phones and wait, he has 17. So who owns the last phone and why did Ruth have it?

1 (54m 26s):
Okay, there's a number of takeaways there. I wanna focus on a couple. Obviously we've got to get the marksmanship issue down folks. The Secret Service credo motto about firearms when I was there, and I'm pretty sure still today, is you are responsible for every round. The core of that being, if you're gonna unleash a round anywhere near the president, then you damn well better hit something and it better not be one of the good guys. It's easy for me to Monday morning quarterback anything. I'm just saying this is what we do, and if we've gotta up the firearms requal to weekly instead of monthly, if it's gotta be more tactical rather than paper shooting, fine, but we need a director in there.

1 (55m 14s):
It's why I keep talking about this. Who understands this stuff and we need a premium on shooting, because I'm telling you, when I was there, a lot of guys skipped their, their, their training requirements and it happened a lot. So that may have something to do with this may not, but second folks, how the hell was there? No pre-operation surveillance done to detect this guy that he was sitting there all this time. I cannot believe that they went to a golf course. They knew he was going to hours in advance and nobody went out there and did any pre-op Surveillance is such an act of misfeasance, borderline malfeasance that people should have been fired over it.

1 (55m 54s):
It's disgraceful. We need a director in there to clean this thing up, man, this is way past the point of like, oh my bad, someone's gonna die if we don't get this done soon. I, they, they need to get going on this quick because the people in charge now are folks there. They're calcified in their thinking. They're never gonna change anything because they can't. They need fresh blood in there. It is a train wreck over there. Alright folks, thanks again for tuning 151,000, another kickass live stream. Thanks for making us number one, the number one live stream in the United States yesterday. We appreciate it. And Triton just came out with their podcast ranks. Thank you again. You know, I love you guys so much.

1 (56m 34s):
Number three podcast in the US last month. That's really awesome. I really appreciate it guys as well. Who, oh, oh my gosh. Shame on me. I put it out on my Twitter this morning. Huge congratulations. Pod Track has their top 20 new podcasts of the year. Who is number 11? Yes, Avita Duffy. You can check her out on our Bonino report. Rumble channel every day at nine 30 early edition with Avita. Don't miss it. It is so worth your time. The show is exploding. We're building here, folks. We got all bigger plans coming in the future. Don't miss it. Thanks so much for tuning in. Please download the Rumble app. It's free. It's free. Or check us out every day at rumble.com/bonino.

1 (57m 13s):
11:00 AM watch video on demand anytime. Please give us a follow on Apple Podcast and Spotify. That means a lot to us too. We appreciate it. See her on the radio show in a few minutes and back here tomorrow. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.