
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. Okay? What in the is going on in the skies in New Jersey and elsewhere, by the way? What, what, what? I'm gonna throw something out there. Oh man, I was gonna say, where's my belt? I was looking for my baseball, but I forgot the Trump signed the baseball. We get, man, I gotta get a new baseball over here. I gotta throw some out here. They, they know who the, they know who these drones. Who owns these drones. They know it. They know it. I'm gonna walk you through receipts matter. Opinions are like holes. Everybody's got one, right? I'm telling you, they know who these drones are.


And this is connected to the election, to Donald Trump, this deep state, All of it. This is gonna be a big show. I've been, I put a lot of work into this show. I'm not crying about it. I just am obsessed with the UFO topic. GH absolutely hates it. I don't care because this topic today is not about UFOs. That's a portion of the story. But the story is about Pete Hegseth, the Defense Department, China UAPs, UFOs, Donald Trump, and us being in a lot of trouble. Don't go anywhere. Call your friends, call your dog, call your parakeet.


Tell 'em to tune in.


You know, I can't sleep without my Beam Dream powder. They have an Exclusive discount for my listeners up to 45% off. Go to shop Beam dot com slash ban Gino. Use code bonino.


I got that. I got a lot more too. And a statement by a general that may explain what's going on here. You'll see what I mean.


You know what? A lot of companies are keeping a living profile based on you and your internet activity. Everything you do online is recorded and sold off to big tech companies, advertisers, even our government by data brokers. And when a company or government by entity buys your data, they can do whatever they want with it. But if you wanna take back control over your online privacy, do what I do. Use Express VPN Express VPN Reroutes 100% of your internet activity through secure encrypted servers. It also hides your IP address, which means, which means data. Brokers can't use it to build a profile on you. Remember, the internet was supposed to give us freedom to explore and learn as equals. But data brokers take away that freedom, which is one Express VPN subscription. You can protect your entire family. It's easy to use. Works on all your devices. You can have express VPN on up to eight devices at once. Right now. You can get an extra three months free when you use my special link. Go today to ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino and get three extra months free of ExpressVPN. That's X-P-R-E-S-S ExpressVPN dot com slash bonino. Go today, protect your privacy.


All right, fellas, let's go. I'm gonna throw something out at you right up front here. They know exactly who owns these drones and what they're doing in the sky, but they don't wanna tell you for a reason. The reason is the United States government and the deep staters involved in it, they don't wanna scare you with their own inadequacy, folks. I'm telling you right now, they know who these drones belong to. We are at real risk here. Our airspace is not secure. They don't know what to do with these drones. And you know, I said bottom line up front.


So let me, I hate teases because they're for morons. Oh, stay tuned later in the show. If you like the show, you'll stay no matter what. I'm 95% sure, if not more, it's China or some foreign adversary as some role in it could be wrong. I'm throwing it out there and I'm basing it on a few different things. Let's dig in. Receipts matter. Okay, Congressman Jeff Andrew will be on my radio show later. He represents an area in New Jersey where they've had this issue, right? He was a former Democrat, now Republican. It'll be on the radio show later today. If you wanna tune in, you can Check it out on Rumble and Locals. The last hour, of course, is for local subscribers.


We're doing a conversion, by the way, soon over to Rumble Premium. So hang out. I got a few questions about that that I, from, from listeners. Here's a tweet from Congressman van Drew. Folks, I have no reason to believe this guy's lying about any of this. He says, first the Chinese spy balloon drifted across US airspace for a week. Yeah, that's right. Now unidentified drones are flying over New Jersey, avoiding radar detection gaps. Listen to the last line. Gaps in our airspace are being exploited and because of it, the safety of Americans is at risk. Dan, you're throwing this out there. You think it may be China or some foreign adversary. Why? Because I'm listening to people who are in the know, in the area who are probably being told things but can't say it.


Gaps in our airspace or being exploited. And because of it, the safety of Americans is at risk. This is the congressman in that area. Watch this interview with him on Fox talking about these drone orb, UAP sightings in the area. I want you to listen carefully to the language. Sometimes they know things, but they don't wanna say things. Check this out. You see, Trump National Golf Club isn't far from the Picke Arsenal military base, which some thought may be behind the drones, but the base tells Fox News quote, while the source and cause of these aircraft operating in our area remain unknown, we can confirm that they are not the result of any ottin arsenal related activities.


Now, Fox News also spoke with Congressman Jeff Van Drew of New Jersey. He said, it doesn't appear the pilots of these drones are breaking any laws, rules or regulations. They're staying out of restricted airspace, which he says is an indication that they know what they're doing. I do not believe it's The US military. And if it is, and if they're doing exercises, shame on on them for the disor disorganized way. They, they are doing it. I don't believe it is them. I am hopeful it is not a foreign adversary yet. I do worry about that. Yeah. And this will be a main topic of conversation at a house hearing on Capitol Hill today that starts at two o'clock, focused on the safety implications of drone technology.


And Congressman Van Drew tells Fox that the United States is behind specifically China with this technology and that we need to do a better job of defending against and integrating drone technology. We'll send it back to you, Dana, Folks, the congressman in and around the area is quote, hoping that the us it's, it's, it's is, is not behind this, this China thing. He's hoping it's not a foreign adversary. Listen, hope is not a solution. Now I'm reading a rumble chat during, while the clip is playing. And I, I get it. No matter what you say in this, I, I love everyone in the chat, obviously everybody's here. We open up the chat so you can have your opinion. No matter what you say, you piss people off.


You tell people it's aliens. They're like, you're a conspiracy theorist. You tell people it's nothing to worry about. It's just Amazon or whatever. They're like, oh my gosh Dan, this could be a real threat. You tell people, Hey man, I think this is China or a foreign adversary. Here's, or see like you're trying to induce panic. I'm not inducing shit. Panic kills, don't shit the bed ever. I'm exchanging information with you. You do what you want with it. My job is to get you information. Period. Folks, Congress gets briefings on this stuff. Congress gets briefings on this stuff 'cause they gotta fund a lot of this stuff. Now, not to be clear, not every member of Congress, depending on your committee, is going to get a briefing on every little detail of what's going on.


And with this deep state we have that is terrified of their shortcomings and inadequacies, knowing there's a new administration coming in. I believe we're being tested right now. Someone's sending a message. Look what they've been hiding from you. Watch, just pay attention to the story. The footprints are all there. Here's another congresswoman I know pretty well. Nicole Malaka. She represents the area. Northern New Jersey, New York, the Veno Bridge, which if you know, if you know New York, you know the Veno Bridge very well. It's, it's in the New York, New Jersey area where that connection point, right? She is right in that area right there. Nicole Malki, you would think would be one of the people like Van Drew who is getting some kind of a briefing on what the is going on over here.


Here's a Nicole Makis talking about Theno Bridge. Seeing a lot of this activity right now. This is a critical critical junction point in that northeast area of the United States. Check this out. Last night A constituents saw one of these drones hovering over the Veno Bridge, which connects Staten Island and Brooklyn. And on one side of that you have the Coast Guard base at Fort Wadsworth. And on the other side of that, we have an army base in Fort Hamilton in Brooklyn. And so it is very concerning that they're choosing to fly these things over, as Phil Murphy said, sensitive infrastructure or military installations. And we deserve and demand answers. And we would expect our, we would expect our government agencies to have those answers for elected officials.


Folks, I'm telling you, they have the answer. I know they have the answer. So why won't they tell anyone the answer? Because the answer is we don't know. That's the answer. And they don't want Congress. People like Mal Takis, van Drew and others out there, Chris Smith and others asking questions. They don't want them saying the obvious follow up, which is what, how the hell do you not know? You have a trillion dollar military budget. You're busy with woke DI bullshit in the Pentagon. Oh, oh, oh, oh.


And you can't tell us who this is. Folks, they don't know. Oh, they know when they're hiding it. They either don't know or they know and are hiding it and the answer's not good. Here's Kareem Jean Pierre at the White House podium yesterday. Totally, completely incompetent. Looking, annoyed at the question because I'm telling you Biden does not want to admit, while they were busy reorienting the Pentagon to be a social justice organization around the world, that our airspace is completely at risk from technologies we bo we both do and don't understand and don't know what to do with the military does not know what to do with these things because they don't have any kind of force force plan against some use of force plan.


What are they gonna do? Shoot 'em out of the sky. They don't know what to do. Folks. I gotta, let's just say trust. Trust me on this show please. There's more here. They don't know what to do. You all thought the Secret Service had an elaborate airspace security plan too, till you found out they had a dude trying to operate a drone that didn't even think to get a cell signal up in time. They were out in the middle of nowhere and the drone didn't work. The 20-year-old with an Amazon drone, whatever, beat them. You think our military's got this thing, figured it out at the leadership level.


You sure. 'cause it's your national security at risk. Here's Kareem Jean Pierre. Again, looking totally annoyed at the question folks. They're not giving you an answer. 'cause I'm telling you they don't know, know or they know and they just don't wanna tell you. Check this out. There Have been repeated drone sightings in the Northeast, especially in New Jersey. These are not small drones, some of them pretty large. They're flying at low altitudes, they're flying in flocks. Has the president been briefed on this situation? So we are certainly aware, the president is aware. So we're closely tracking and the activity and coordinating closely with relevant agency, including DHS and FBI to continue the, to investigate these incidents.


Don't have anything beyond that to share. Obviously this is something that DHS and FBI are, are tracking very, very closely. And so I would have to refer you to, to them directly. But aware, keeping an eye out and looking into the incidents that you just mentioned. Couple still though. But has the, has the federal government ruled out that these are controlled by foreign entities? Yeah. And do you know if they're conducting surveillance over these Period? So I cannot make any, any kind of predictions or comments about that specifically from here. This is something that DHS is looking at and FBI, so I would have to refer you to them. I don't have anything beyond that.


We're tracking this very closely. Obviously we're all aware of the incidents that have been reported. I I'm not going to go into what they could be or could not be from here. That is something that obviously is being looked at as those respective agencies that I Mentioned. When was the president brief on this? I, I don't have a timeline, but he certainly has, has been made aware of it. You don't have a timeline, but he's been made aware of it. What? You just don't remember when. It sounds like kind of a BFD, a big freaking deal. Airspace in the sensitive area of the United States seems to be infiltrated by objects you are claiming in a public podium. You have no freaking idea what they are. Folks. Listen man, nobody panicked.


We panicked now we have a powerful military. I'm, we're not gonna be invaded tomorrow by aliens or China. Okay? Forget the panic line. Okay? You don't shit the bed no matter what concern. You have to be freaking crazy to not be concerned about this story. 'cause there's only two scenarios. I can't say this enough either. They have no idea who is violated our domestic airspace in sensitive areas, which is a 10 outta 10 on the, what the hell is going on meter or a nine outta 10. Which is they do know they can't do anything about it and they're lying to you about it.


That's maybe a 9.5. It gets even worse. By the way, Kareem Jean Pierre, here's the key line. DHS, department of Homeland Security for the liberals listening and the FBI are closely tracking it. How closely they don't, can't figure it out. Did you follow one of these things? Did you see where it landed? Are you tracking it on airspace folks? I'm gonna put a little cap on this thing in a minute and you're gonna see what I mean. I'm Holman Jenkins at the Wall Street Journal has been reporting on this forever. Forever. He's a great reporter.


This is not new. This story about airspace violations. And he's gonna explain to you in this piece exactly what I've been telling you. That there's a whole lot going on here. And they're afraid of Donald Trump and Pete Hegseth coming into the Pentagon as commander in chief and defense secretary going, what the hell's been on our airspace for the last five years? And them going, I don't know, man. What do you mean you don't know? This is a bigger story. Here's an FBI agent up on Capitol Hill yesterday being questioned about this U-A-P-U-F-O phenomenon. I think the most disturbing answer is the last 10 seconds.


Where again, this guy's on the record here and he says, Hey man, I wish we knew, but we just don't know. How do you not know? You seem to know everything about a peepee hoax and a fake tape and spying on Donald Trump. You don't know what's flying over the skies in the northeast of the United States. Come on bro. Do better watch this. FBI and our Newark field office, along with the state and local partners there are, or the bureau is actively investigating the, the situation you mentioned, just the unexplained citing of drone activity over, over that part of New Jersey, including proximity to sensitive sites and areas of concern.


So the, we do not attribute that to an individual or a group yet we're investigating, but I don't have an answer of who's responsible for that, of one or more people that are responsible for those drone flights. But we're actively invest investigating what the bureau has done to aid our state and local partners is what we generally do. Enlist the help of the interagency, enlist the help of the public. There's a tip line there that one 800 call FBI tips FBI for information from the public that could help us resolve this.


It is concerning. There is, is Is the public at risk? Is, is public safety at risk? Are we concerned that there are nefarious intentions that could cause either a national security or or a public safety incident that would put Americans at risk? There's nothing that is known that would lead me to to say that. But we just don't know. And that's the concerning part. He just doesn't know if the public's at risk and that's the concerning part. Yeah, yeah. That is the concerning part folks, I, you know, I don't cover these kind of clickbait stories.


This is not one of those things. You have a bunch of people in a constitutional public we've entrusted with power who don't like to look stupid. They don't wanna look stupid, okay? They'll lie to you, they'll give you a fake answer, they'll obfuscate, but they don't wanna look stupid and come on, let's be on, they'll be commies, scumbags, everything else. They'll lie. But saying in public you don't know is generally not a good thing. They don't like to do that. You've now got Jeff, Andrew, Congressman, I don't know from New Jersey. Mal Takis, Congresswoman, New York, New Jersey area, New York, New Jersey area.


I don't know Kareem Jean Pierre, she doesn't know anything said matter. She's like, I don't know. That's not unusual for you got FBI agent. Hey man, I don't know. Does anybody know? Justin says, I don't know if anybody is. I don't know either. I'm telling you this is some foreign adversary who is scoping out something sensitive. Something sensitive. The reason it's being, the reason by the way, it's a hotspot in New Jersey is 'cause it's a very population dense area and a lot of people are seeing it. I'm not so sure this isn't happening all over the country. Matter of fact, there've been reports elsewhere as well. I'm gonna play for you one. You know what, I'm gonna take a quick break and after this I'm gonna play one more for you.


A congressman questioning a talking about a police officer. Guys with you know, integrity gonna go out there to serve the public saying a report of 50 objects. That doesn't mean all 50, which could have been a mistaken for a plane. It could. But folks, this is the kind of thing. Occam's razor, keep it simple, stupid. You've got, you know, hundreds of people reporting and videoing these suspicious objects hovering in the air. If even 10 of them are telling the truth, we got a freaking problem. I'm gonna tie this to what's going on with the deep state here in a second. 'cause I'm convinced Jenkins has it right. Convinced.


Hey, for over 10 years, Patriot Mobile Hass been America's only Christian conservative wireless provider standing behind their service and their values as a company. They put the cause ahead of profits. They lead by example. I'm proud to partner with them now today you can get there. Every Friday matters special today. Patriot Mobile Hass given away a brand new smartphone when you make the switch. Patriot Mobile offers exceptional nationwide coverage, giving you access to all three major networks without your dollars funding the left. When you switch to Patriot Mobile, your supporting a company believes a free speech, religious freedom, the sanctity of life, the Second Amendment and more their 100% US based customer service team makes switching easy, keep your number and for a limited time, get a free smartphone. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot and use promo code Friday. Again, that's a free smartphone offer is eligible only with the promo code Friday. It's a limited time offer or until supplies are out. Terms and conditions applies to join me today, help out the parallel economy, go with Patriot Mobile at Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan, that's Patriot Mobile dot com slash dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


Alright, back to the show. Here is another congressman. So now we've got video of three, congresspeople one FBI agent the White House spokesperson. Nobody knows what's going on in the skies over New Jersey. Here's representative Chris Smith talking about a, a police reported 50 objects off the water. Now I that part's significant folks, we know that there is a, a, a logistically solid capable ability right now for foreign adversaries to park a boat offshore and to launch drones from there. Is that what's going on? I don't know, but this is kind of strange. Check this out.


So Last night I was on the beach in Island State Park in Ocean County with the, with the sheriff. He's, he has been working it every single night. He's got his own tethered drones, chronicling. One of his officers two nights ago saw 50 drones come in off the ocean right there. So we thought maybe they'll replicate it, they didn't. But we thought It was a possibility. I then last night we had a number of other people there, including a commanding officer from the, from the Coast Guard who said that one of their 47 foot motor lifeboats was followed by between 12 and 30 of these drones as they went through the water, followed him right behind him.


Folks, I have no reason to believe this guy is, he's talking to the local sheriff. I have no reason to believe this guy's lying by the way, getting some information from a source of mine that Christopher Ray, there may be some action with Christopher Ray today at the FBI. So, but Julie, so we'll see what happens with Julie Kelly. We'll see what happens with that. That just came through folks. I've got a lot of experience with airspace security. Who cares? Self praise thinks I'm only bringing it up because it's important here. The airspace of the United States is intricately controlled. I've said this to you yesterday, I don't need to repeat the show. You have flight restricted areas, air defense zones, you have all kinds of communication networks.


You have tracon, you have local towers, what is it? Terminal radar control, something like that. You have all of these different entities watching what happens in the air. Why obviously national security And second, there were a lot of things flying in the air. And if Joey doesn't tell Bobby, Hey, I'm flying in on this vector, boom, they hit each other. That's not a problem on the highway where you could see the damn car in front of you. That doesn't always happen in the air. That's not the way it works in the air. It's different. There are highway lanes in the sky, there are defense zones, there are critical no flight areas. There's noms notice to airmen that go out.


This is the kind of thing unfortunately in my last job, you have to become really, really familiar with because you don't want the president on a golf course like What happened to me and Martha's Vineyard and you get a plane up in the air and you don't know what the hell it is. Luckily it wasn't a threat when it happened. I was on a golf course with Obama and Bloomberg at the time in Martha's Vineyard and we had a pretty heavy airspace violation and it could have been something serious. And the problem with airspace is it's not the fast ones you gotta worry about. They'll usually buzz right over you. It's the low and slows you gotta worry about. 'cause they're the ones that come in low and slow and can hit you folks.


Everybody knows what's in the air. How the hell do we not know this? They know who it is. I think this is China sending a message. I think it is China or a foreign adversary sending a message after the election. Look what we can do. We're now embarrassing you guys and we're gonna make your people ask questions now. I really do. I think this is them sending a message. Look what we can do to try to send some shivers down through the spine of this national security apparatus before Donald Trump takes office. Now what am I basing this on? I have not gone deep in the weeds on this topic, but I promise you I've been following it closely.


And one of the guys I've been reading is Holman Jenkins at the Wall Street Journal. This is one of those articles. It may be behind a paywall. I, I don't know, I'm not, you know, you wanna subscribe. It's not my business, but it's called Trump in the UFO Smokescreen. The article is from October, but it's one of many articles with the same kind of tinge to it. He says, it seems possible now that the snow job he's talking about the UFO smokescreen kind of thing was partly aimed at one person, Donald Trump, to keep our deeply, a deeply distrusted no to keep a president deeply distrusted by our national security establishment in the dark about that establishment's failure to control the national airspace.


Keep that up. Don't pull that down. I want you to read this. If you're listening on Apple and Spotify, watch on Rumble and read along with this. If you don't wanna read the article. This is the first place. One more, there's two more sentences to go with this. One more. You see what he's saying here? Donald Trump came in here and did not trust this deep state national security establishment that targeted him. That they had their eyes focused on national security. They seem more focused on spying on Donald Trump because they know he was right and that they can't control the airspace 'cause they don't know what the fuck is flying over the United States. They invented The whole UFO story. Oh, look at aliens green men.


They didn't wanna tell him that they failed to control our national airspace. They don't know what to do. One more sentence for the record, this is from Holman Jenkins. For the record this week I put the idea to Mr. Trump, who quickly diverted to the perceived credibility of handsome young military pilots who he described the encounters with unexplained objects. Whether you agree with that, I don't know What happened with him and President Trump, but what he's trying to say is that they're putting these people out there as a big smokescreen to keep people like Donald Trump and Pete Hegseth from digging into the fact that our military may be fighting the last decade's war.


This is where the show's gonna take a little bit of a turn, but maybe not. The problem our military has is it's invested trillions of dollars trillions over decades in fighting yesterday's wars. We've been investing in the F 35, the F 22 stealth aircraft, technology fighter jets and all kinds of other things. I wanna focus on one particular thing that has its value too. While China and other entities have been out there building out this drone technology that can seemingly defeat all of this stuff, maybe, and that the military doesn't want to admit that they got bested by 14th century balloon technology and a couple of cheapo drones.


Here's what I mean. And listen, if you're going to, for the people out there have a different opinion on it, I totally get it. Much respect. I'm just telling you. Explain this then folks. This is General Smith. This is a video. He's given a speech and he's talking about the China threat, which I I've said before and I agree is exaggerated at times. China's not fought a a a war in a long time. Their GDP isn't anywhere close to us. You know, they, they, they're aircraft carriers. We, we far, far supersede them. However, don't fall for what the Wall Street Journal wrote about yesterday, the Abacus Fallacy.


I have an abacus over there that you can just add up the number of aircraft carriers and win a war. If that was the case, we wouldn't have left Afghanistan the way we did. China may be invest may be investing in technology that we don't really understand right now. And the military still thinks the Abacus Fallacy works that, oh, we got more aircraft carriers so this thing is over. They don't want Hegseth and Trump coming in there and turning in the rock over. Listen to General Smith. It's a great speech and all, I get it, but is this, is he sure? Is he really sure we can defeat China like this? Check this out. The advantage lies with us because our last combat was captured on somebody's iPhone 14.


The Chinese Chinese's last combat was captured on oil and canvas. And they should not forget that. It is, it is easy to, to bluster and it's, but it's another thing when you actually have to go toe to toe and go in harm's way. And we have a lengthy history of going in harm's way in Iraq and Afghanistan. We've built a culture of warrior excellence. We've built a culture of war fighting. We've built a culture of interoperability in the joint force. The PRC has not yet had to deal with that. They haven't had to deal with that in decades. So I would not, I would not undersell the value that our combat experience brings to this fight.


'cause again, their last combat was captured on oil and campus. Yeah, man, I, I get it. I totally get it. General, however, are you hiding some kind of technical disadvantage you don't wanna tell President Trump about? And Was it just exposed in this period between Biden and Trump? Because somebody's sending us a message, folks, I'm not dismissing the story, man. I'm really sorry. There is something really, really, really bad and nefarious going on here. It's either they're lying or they know the answer. It's a foreign adversary who has seemingly defeated our national airspace security plan and they don't wanna admit, and they've just been exposed and they're gonna hide it from Donald Trump when he gets into office.


How bad this technical disadvantage is. I told you, man, you don't seem to think it's weird that Barack Obama's one of his first movie projects when he gets out of office that he was passionate about is a movie about what seems to be an EMP attack that knocks out the electric grid and internet in the United States and nobody knows what to do. You don't think that's a little weird? He found this, this particular project really interesting. I got more coming up. I had Julie Kelly on yesterday too. Folks we're gonna talk about, talking about the federal presence January 6th, all kinds of stuff. The IG report coming out. Adam Schiff seems worried.


Hegseth big show. Stay tuned. Sorry, I'm just a little, you know the story. Someone's bullshitting us big time and we deserve the truth.


Hey, you having trouble sleeping or staying asleep? Listen, I've been there. It's not just about feeling tired the next day. It's about the toll poor sleep can take in every aspect of your life. It's, I'm really excited about Beams Dream Powder. It's a science backed hot cocoa for sleep. They send me something to try. I've loved it. See, we're sleeping well, we're sharper, we're more focused and we're ready to tackle whatever life throws our way. They have delicious flavors. Listen to this. Sees salt, caramel, brownie batter, and vanilla chai. Better sleep is never tasted better. Other sleep aids can cause next day grogginess. But Beam's Dream Powder contains a powerful all natural blend of reishi magnesium, L-theanine, apogen and Melatonin help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and to wake up refreshed. You wanna try Beam's bestselling Dream powder, you can now get it for up to 45% off for a limited time. Give it a shot. This Exclusive Bino listeners discount, It was only available when you go to shop Beam Beam dot com slash bonino and use code bonino at checkout. That's shop b eam.com/bonino. Use code bonino for up to 45% off.


And our last sponsor today is Bone Charge Use. This last night helps me go to sleep. I've been using a bone charge infrared sauna blanket and red light face mask ever since they sent them to me. Can't recommend 'em highly enough. Paula loves it too. I use the sauna blanket to help with muscle recovery and detoxification. I love it. It's easy to use. Just wrap yourself up. I do it at night. Let the infrared heat work. Its magic. I've noticed a huge difference in muscle recovery after my workouts. I feel rejuvenated afterwards. The Red Light face mask is a Paula Bonino favorite. Equally impressive. She uses it for her skin texture and to reduce inflammation. I've used it because it helps me fall asleep, eh? It helps with the skin for me too, which I always like. Skin feels smoother, looks more vibrant. And the overall tone is even outs like having a mini spot treatment, right? Your right in your home. And if you're thinking of trying 'em out, you're in luck. Head on over today. You know I love like Life hack to bone charge.com/bonino and use code bonino at checkout to get 25% off. Both of these products have made a real difference in my life. I'm sure you're gonna love 'em too. So check 'em out. Use code BONINO with bone charge B-O-N-C-H-A rge.com/bonino and save 25% off. Check these products out. These statements, the products have not been evaluated by the fda. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease or condition.


Folks, there's another huge coverup going on as well. In addition to what's happening with these UAPs UFOs over the North Jersey area, folks, What happened on January 6th? What happened with the pipe bomb? What happened with the feds and the crowd on January 6th? That story is not even close to being told. Why am I bringing this up now? Had Julie Kelly on the radio show yesterday, there is an IG report coming out from Horowitz that's gonna cover this stuff. That's gonna cover supposedly the extent of the federal involvement. Is it gonna be redacted and hidden from us? Likely, can we trust Horowitz? No, but the report coming out's gonna be interesting. Is it gonna come out and be less redacted now because Donald Trump won the election and they know they're just gonna declassify it anyway?


I don't know. All I can tell you is a lot of people seem really worried. Here's Adam Schiff, who has been knee deep in just about every deep state conspiracy theory against Trump. He seems really nervous about going to jail. Hat tip, Western Lensman. He's worried about being targeted. But notice Biden didn't seem worried about targeted when he was talking about locking up Donald Trump. He said, oh, politically, he tried to throw the caveat in there. Check this out. I don't think the incoming president should be threatening his political opponents with jail time. That's not the kind of talk we should hear from the president in a democracy. So I know this sounds bizarre. It sounds like I said this five years ago, you'd locked me up. We gotta lock him up, Folks.


Is this all making sense now? Put this whole show together. Why I am following up this with the UFO, why I'm following the UFO story with this. There are people right now in government who are genuinely terrified that they're gonna be exposed for their misfeasance and malfeasance. Misfeasance, what some leaders in our Pentagon, I believe didn't do to secure our national airspace, whether we're busy, a lot of these deep staters targeting Trump. And you've got others like Adam Schiff, Andrew McCabe put up that Paul Perry treat and others, Andrew Mcca, who used to be the FBI director. It was the acting director. You've got people like this who were actively involved in malfeasance. Did you see this yesterday? Breaking disgrace ex FBI Director Andrew McCabe.


You notice, by the way, you've seen Andrew McCabe all over CNN whining about Matt Gaetz whining about Cash Patel bitching and moaning. Now, do you see why they don't want Hegseth and Patel in there? It turns out, now, according to Sperry's tweet disgraced ex FBI director, McCabe ordered Apple and Google to turn over the text and phone records for 20 Republican staffers, including Cash Patel, when he was a congressional investigator, and what was he investigating? The FBI's Russiagate scandal and its abuse of Pfizer, a new DOJ IG report revealed folks, can this story get any worse? You see why they're freaking out in 2016?


They were nervous. That's why they invented the Russiagate hoax that Trump was gonna come in and turn over the rocks. But they figured out if they kept him busy with the Russia hoax, they could probably ride to four years out. They know that shit's not gonna work anymore, okay? They know Donald Trump knows all the mechanics of how this thing works now, and they are genuinely concerned from the Pentagon on down that all the dirty little secrets they've been hiding from taxpayers are all gonna become public. What does the the Washington Post say? Hilariously democracy dies in the darkness. When they are the darkness, the republic dies in the darkness and those are the ones that killed it. And they're nervous because it's us keeping the heat on. We're the ones telling them and dictating the narrative right now that this shit isn't gonna fly anymore.


We're not just gonna accept your answer that you don't know who the UFO is that, oh, Andy McCabe may have been involved in targeting Cash Patel, and it's say, okay, we're not letting any of it go. Even the Wall Street Journal noted this yesterday. Pete Seth gets a boost from Trump Allies Pressure Campaign warning to Joni Ernst Hegseth will be fine if you sabotage his spot as Secretary of Defense. You, however, Joni ERT will not be fine. He said, ticking off the names of Republicans drummed out of office. Who are they talking about? They're talking about me, but they're really talking about you. They're talking about the Bongino army out there. We're in charge now, folks. We're the media.


We're the ones dictating the narrative. Now. We're not gonna accept any more deep state answers that's classified. It's an ongoing investigation. Bullshit. You're gonna get fired until we get someone in there who's gonna disclose this information to us. Folks. Norms have already been broken and violated. I need you to understand that. It's not Donald Trump who violated norms. Pardoning of Donald Trump. Didn't have to Pardon any of his kids. It's Joe Biden who did it? Norm's Weaponizing government. Twinkies, Alvin Bragg. You got Tr Tisch up in New York. You got Fannie Willis, you've got the, the Justice Department, Derek Farland. Those are the ones that have weaponized the government violated norm's broken.


Our government is not us. I want you to watch this segment on CNN about January 6th pardons, where again, they talk about the Pardon, potential Pardon, of January 6th. Defendant says, if this is some kind of norm violation in the shadow of Joe Biden just pardoning his kid, hunter Biden for a crime that Joe Biden may have had a nexus to check this out For, for Donald Trump. What matters is that these people are pardoned because they reflect on him. He sees them as his emissaries. He doesn't think that What happened on January 6th was an assault on the government and so therefore exonerating them. Exonerates him. Do you Fail to see though how much easier, easier politically and rhetorically and just in the, and as you talked about pushing the norms that last week's, Pardon of Hunter led to all of this, right?


So much easier. So, Right, but Hunter didn't try to overthrow the government. These people tried to overthrow the government. Okay? They stormed our capital and I hear what you're saying. I totally do, but I just think that pardoning your son for crimes that that did not affect, that were victimless crimes are very different than storming the capitol of people Died. Crimes was not convicted of in over a longer period of time. It was not simply crimes. He was convicted of that. Again, we talk about norm's breaking. It made it so much easier for both the Republican party. It doesn't make it right. I I'm not saying either of that. I'm saying that the, we talk about norms breaking. This made it so much easier and also for Trump to be open about it. Folks, I'm getting a ton of email and communication. I don't mean to change the topic, but you, you see what I'm getting at with that? The norms have already been violated, folks.


The constitutional publics already been flushed down the toilet. It's up to us to save it. Constant talk about Donald Trump violating norms in light of what Joe Biden just did over the last four years with the weaponization of government is a hilariously dumb conversation. Even by the standards of CNN. I'm getting a ton of emails, some, I don't know how folks got email. I don't, but a couple of 'em are coming out and these, these are false flags folks, if you're gonna send me an email like that, send me evidence. I'm sorry, but I, the show does receipts. The bonino rule applies both ways. I, I love everybody out there, but you can't just throw something out there.


The drones UAP, what does that, what does that mean? What does that mean? I don't understand what you're talking about. It. A false who, who false flag. By who? If, if, if. Now if you're gonna send me some evidence, fine. Like if Joe Biden tomorrow wanted to start a war to say rescue his legacy with Russia and said these are Russian drones that start a new, I'd say, yeah, that's pretty good evidence. The Biden administration's playing dumb about it too. I'm open to anything send away. Please send fire away. But e evidence, evidence. Notice on the show I clips journal pieces. What reporters on the issue were saying evidence matters.


Whenever you bring this topic up, I'm, I told you I get a thousand people who want to, you know, kick you in the balls about it. I gotta, I gotta power through this story is too important. There is something clearly in the skies in New Jersey, in a sensitive northeast corridor that people in government either don't know what it is or don't wanna tell you. Either one of those answers is deeply concerning either one. Alright, I got a lot more I want to get to too. Including some developments yesterday. Daniel Penney, you know the case that's grabbed national attention. The New York subway case, Daniel Penney was interviewed by a good friend and a good patriot.


Judge Janine from Fox, you, you know who she is. She got and scored the interview. Personally, my opinion, some of you agree, some of you don't. I don't think Daniel Penny should be talking right now. I think Daniel Penny's a hero. I think he's a patriot. However, he is still subject to a ridiculous civil lawsuit in my opinion. And I think at this point, anything he says is gonna be used against him. If he put understand. Now he appears to be a very composed guy. It's just my opinion. Some of you agree, some of you don't. However, the interview yesterday was pretty darn good. And you'd think after all this guy's been through Daniel Penny, this hero who saved these people on the subway from a guy threatening their lives, right? You would think Daniel Penny would say, you know what, if I had to go back and do it again, I may have to think this over.


They've attacked me. All of a sudden. No. Daniel Penney's like, Hey man, I have no regrets at all. Watch a piece of this interview. This is really good stuff. This is a very composed gentleman and a patriot. Check this guy out. I'm not a confrontational person. I don't really extend myself and like this type of thing is very uncomfortable. All this attention and limelight is very uncomfortable and I would prefer, without it, I didn't want any type of attention or praise or, and I still don't. The guilt I would've felt if someone did get hurt, if, if he did do what he was threatening to do, I would never be able to live with myself and I'll, I'll take a million court appearances and people calling me names and people hating me just to keep one of those people from getting hurt or killed.


Folks, this guy's a hero and he has every right to speak out and tell his story. And I understand the impulse to wanna tell your story. He did the right thing. His character's being destroyed by a bunch of race hustling assholes. I get that. But civil liability's a really real thing. It's unfortunate what's what this guy's name is still being dragged through the mud, you know, and I hope people will support him, but you just gotta be careful. This is a good man and he's being destroyed by this country. I am convinced one of the first things Donald Trump should do is give this guy one of those presidential awards at the White House and send a message that the, you know, the days of of, of criminals being coddled and the good guys getting their balls kicked in are freaking over.


Folks. Switching gears a little bit, I'm gonna cover this again tomorrow too in two parts 'cause this next segment is another one. I'm a little concerned about, less concerned given that we won the election, but still a little worried about the development of artificial intelligence is going to change everything. Everything. I dunno if you've seen X Twitter today, but there's all these stories out there now about as this Google program or a Google computer that figured out in what seconds or minutes, what would've taken a quintillion years or whatever, and talking about parallel universes. It's a long story. The point is between quantum computing, which were on the cusp of something really special with an ai, I'm telling you that we're looking at a revolution similar to What happened with the industrial revolution in electricity.


I'm not telling you, however, it is all going to be good a technology smarter than us. I've been very concerned about this for a long time because if it's smarter than us, we don't understand what it's doing. I gave you the example all the time about my dog in the backyard. A bird died in the backyard one time, right? The dog's been in the backyard a thousand times. One day the dog goes into this area, she always goes, I see the dead bird. I start screaming at her 'cause she wants to go sniff or chew on the dead bird. Lucy, the dog doesn't understand. She's been in that spot a thousand times. She's just like, wow, my owner's really mean. He's yelling at me. That's us with ai. You are never going to understand why they're yelling at you to stay outta the backyard because it's smarter than us.


The problem with AI is that liberals have a full court press going on right now to make sure they control AI Folks in the chat, what are they afraid AI's gonna do? Come on. You gotta know they are afraid. AI is going to finally tell you the truth. I always go the wrong way. Everything's backwards. Flag it. They are terrified. I'll just put it, I didn't even tend to go this U-A-P-U-F-O story quality good AI two, three years from now, probably tell you in about a quarter of a millisecond what the hell's going on in New Jersey.


They don't want you to know this. The government is terrified. Look at a chat blowing up right out. The government is terrified that you are going to ask ai, Hey, do the rich pay their fair share of taxes and it's gonna come back and go, not only do they pay their fair share, the richest 1%, pay 40% of the taxes, they're afraid. You're gonna ask ai, are police officers killing thousands of unarmed black men in the street? No. That is false. The the entire liberal media bullshit, Russian propaganda, pp hoax, hunter Biden laptop falls apart tomorrow if AI fully develops itself and starts telling people the truth.


Listen to me, man. If there is one takeaway from this show over the last five years, this is it. This is the battle going forward. The entity that controls ai, government, liberals, commies, is gonna rule the world, period. What's that old expression? You know, science is indistinguishable for magic. For those basically who weren't in the know. Can you imagine what it looked like to primitive societies when the Spanish and others came and, and these majestic boats over to the Americas? It must have looked like a floating castle. They had no idea. They must have looked like Gods. This is what the problem with AI is.


They're afraid AI is going to tell you the truth. There is a spectacular podcast with Barry Weiss and Mark Andreessen. Mark Andreesen is a decades long investor in technology. I believe he's got experience with Facebook internet technology. He goes way back. He did a viral clip on Joe Rogan's show, but he went on Bari Weiss's show and he was talking about exactly this, that liberals are freaking out over losing control over AI because the propaganda machine will be dead overnight. I'm gonna cover this again tomorrow 'cause this is a really, really, really important story.


Check this out. We Had meetings in DC in May where we, we talked to them about this and the meetings were absolutely horrifying, and we came out basically deciding we had to endorse Trump, mark and then Mark, Mark add so a little color to absolutely horrifying. What, what, what, what did you hear in those Meetings? They said, look, ai, AI is one of these technology. AI is a technology basically that the government is gonna completely control. This is not gonna be a startup thing. They, they actually said flat out to us, don't start, don't do AI startups like, don't, don't fund AI startups. It's not something that we're gonna allow to happen. They're, they're not gonna be allowed to exist. There's no point. They basically said AI is gonna be a, a game of two or three big companies working closely with the government and we're gonna basically wrap them in a, you know, they, I'm, I'm paraphrasing, but we're gonna basically wrap them in a government cocoon.


We're gonna protect them from competition, we're gonna control them, and we're, we're gonna dictate what they do. And then I said, well, yeah. I said, I don't understand how you're gonna lock this down so much because like the math for, you know, AI is like out there and it's being taught everywhere. And you know, they literally said, well, you know, during the Cold War, we, we classified entire areas of physics and took them out of the research community and, and, and, and, and like entire branches of physics basically went dark and didn't proceed. And that if we, if we decide we need to, we're gonna do the same thing to, to ma to the math underneath ai. Do you hear that segment? Andreessen's been in on these meetings where government officials are saying, don't even bother investing in ai.


We're basically gonna take it over. You understand why your boy doesn't lie to you. What is two thumbs and is always on the right side of the truth? This freaking guy I told you is, you know how many sources have been telling me this inside government, they are totally freaked out about ai. For every reason you can imagine it is gonna be the front layer, which I'll go into again tomorrow of everything from medicine to science. You are not going to be able to post online anywhere. If another covid like pandemic breaks out, you are not gonna be able to post anywhere that masks are bullshit because the AI filter in the front in a microsecond is going to be able to detect who you are, where you are, what you wrote, censor you, and possibly wipe out your account.


They won't even need human intervention. The reason the government wants to take over AI is they wanna make sure it is properly filtered to make sure the propaganda machine works. They wanna make sure in short, AI lies to you. You won't be able to research a scientific report without it being filtered through an AI filter. Nothing. The whole idea of knowledge is going to completely fall apart because there's not gonna be any independent research e everything is going to go through the filter of a liberal government run deep state ai. That's why they wanna control it Here.


I'll give you a quick example here. Just play this for me quick. This is Biden yesterday talking about he's leaving office. How wonderful the economy is, all this stuff. The only reason I play this clip is this is the kind of thing where if AI is honest and tells you the truth and is genuinely intelligent, a clip like this will have some kind of AI community note below it telling people how much bullshit this is about how wonderful the economy is. Biden can't and the left can't have that bullshit is their agenda here, check this out. Next month my administration will end and a new administration will begin. Most economists agree the new administration is gonna inherit a fairly strong economy, at least at the moment, an economy going through fundamental transformation that's laid out a stronger foundation and a sustainable broad-based, highly productive growth.


That is my profound hope that the new administration will preserve and build on this progress. You understand this is all gaslighting bullshit. Real wages are down. A lot of these jobs are in government business, government business funded by an inflationary death cycle. Many of these jobs went to foreign born workers. Those are actual facts. I'm not telling you the entire economy in the Biden years has been a disaster. We've had some, okay, GDP growth, I'm never gonna lie to you about that, but the Biden economy when relative to other successful economies in the past is, is a joke, is a nightmare, okay? This is the kind of stuff that if a proper AI filter's applied to it, they're just going to attach to it a bunch of facts and data and you're gonna know this guy's bullshitting you.


They wanna make sure this thing lies and keeps the lie going. Here's one more I'm gonna play for you. Here's another one that would instantly fall apart. Who's the dumbest male member of Congress? Quick in the chat? Who knows? Yes. Dan Goldman not the dumbest member. That's a OC. You all know the chart. We've been watching drone footage forever of an invasion at our southern border. We know the numbers. We have said the border's not secure, that the border is under the control of cartels and others. People like lefties, like Dan Goldman and Joe Biden and my orca and others. No, no, no. The border's secure. We run the border. That's a conspiracy theory. AI would shut this stuff out instantly. Here's Dan Goldman just the other day admitting what AI would've pointed out right away.


That yes, in fact the border is under control of the cartels. Check this out. By spending that money on immigration judges and on a system that can quickly evaluate asylum claims, we won't have to have a witness here telling us that fentanyl is a problem. We all know fentanyl is a problem, and in fact, we all know that the drug cartels control the border. No, I-I-I-I-I thought we, I, I thought, I thought we didn't know. I thought the border was secure. Isn't that what you told? You told us that, right? You said the border was secure. You see, you see what they, they lie about everything. This is their paranoia about ai.


I got more coming up on this tomorrow from that same Andreessen interview where he's gonna explain to you in the interview what I was telling you before and what I've been telling you for months and years. AI is gonna filter human knowledge. Nothing will be pure. Everything will be propaganda, but they have to control it. The only reason I'm even a little bit positive about this whole thing is that Donald Trump's gonna be in charge the next four years, and the people he's appointing the government seem to understand and have a grip over exactly what the problem is. I got a lot more for you tomorrow. I'm sorry man. We're just running outta time. This UFO story, me and Gioni update on that case, the suspect in the United Healthcare thing. Also an email, a Secret service email that's gone kind of viral about the president's detail.


That obviously means a lot to me, giving my prior line of work. Hey, thanks again for tuning in. I really appreciate it. Please stay tuned for the Rumble Show. For those of you who wanna watch all three hours of the radio show on Rumble, that's for my local subscribers. Now we're working on a conversion of Rumble Premium, so you get The whole package, which will be really great, so stay tuned on that. If you wanna watch in your desktop, rumble.com/bonino, it's all free. Tune in at 11:00 AM Just give us a follow there. Download the Rumble app and please give us a follow on Apple Podcast and Spotify as well, The Dan Bongino Show. Thanks so much for tuning in. I'll see you back here tomorrow and in the radio show here in just a little bit. You just heard The Dan Bongino Show.