
Everybody, welcome to VINCE. Great to have you back with us here on a Thursday. Holy crap, I've got so much going on for you. I've got some updates on our guests who all of our excellent interviews are gonna be coming up on the show. And also some Justice has been served in a, in a lot of really big ways, including one of the best form tackles we've ever seen in any riot video anywhere. I, I'm just super thrilled about this. Again, super thrilled to have you with us today. I appreciate that. We got a big show ahead for you coming up here on VINCE.


Hey, the administration's got their sleeves rolled up right now. They're streamlining a bunch of monumental moves, but it, it, obviously, it's difficult for them to take your personal finances into account when they're trying to fix the country. You have to do that, and that's why tens of thousands of Americans are buying gold right now from Birch Gold. And here are the facts. And just the last 12 months, the value of gold has increased by 30%. Central banks are buying gold in record quantities and the Rio Reset that's on the horizon. That's where some people believe bricks nations are gonna be looking to unseat the US dollar as the global reserve currency. But you can find peace of mind with gold, birch gold makes it super easy, extremely easy to convert an existing IRA or a 401k into a tax sheltered IRA in physical gold. You can just buy some distort your house. Just text my name, text my name, VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8. And Birch Gold is gonna send you a free info kit on Gold. There's no obligation, only useful information with an a plus rating with the Better Business Bureau. Thousands of happy customers protect your savings today. Text the word VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Data and message rates apply. Let's do this.


Alright, a couple of quick programming notes as we start the show today. One, I was expecting to have an interview today with the Acting Ice director Todd Lyons. I was obviously teasing that for you yesterday and that, well, that's not happening today. Todd Lyons will not be here. They got in touch with us late last night to say that he is now unable to do it, so they have some sort of conflict and we are working on making that interview tomorrow, Friday. So we should have the Acting Ice Director in on this program on Friday. Now, having said that, I have a great guest joining us today. We've got Ned Ryan from American Majority. He's back on the program. I've gotta talk to him about a couple things. One is Rescissions the house supposed to vote today, Thursday on that final Rescissions package.


That's just 9 billion measly little dollars that I'm asking them to cut. That's all we're asking, right? P-B-S-N-P-R-U-S-A-I-D, get 'em outta here. $9 billion. This is such a simple task. The house set to allegedly vote on this today, some of you may have seen the house took sort of a, a procedural vote yesterday. It was being mistaken, including by yours, truly for a few minutes as the official vote. It wasn't the final vote, it was a rule vote that took place yesterday in the house. And so today they're expecting that final vote to cut $9 billion. Okay? So there's that. Ned Ryan's gonna join us. He's great on that. He's also great on the invasion of our country.


He hates that just like the rest of us. And he's got some really smart insights on that too. So we'll talk to him coming up about that. Another thing here about guests on this program, so yesterday, as you likely know by now, we had Senator Rand Paul on the program, and Senator Paul was trying to mount a defense for his position that he's opposed to the big beautiful bill. And listening to Senator Paul talk yesterday, he was taking things very personally. He was suggesting that the White House is leading these personal attacks on him and that they're paying people to attack him online. And I don't, by the way, I haven't seen any evidence for that, that people are being paid to attack Senator Rand Paul.


I think people disagree with him, and they're saying that out loud. If, if there is evidence that it's a paid campaign, I'd love to see it, but I haven't seen it. But he's, anyway, he's taking all of this very personally. And yesterday after our interview, Senator Paul was outside of the Congress talking to reporters, and he claimed that he was disinvited from the White House picnic yesterday. And he doesn't know who did it, but somebody disinvited him at the White House from the White House picnic. Okay, well, let's take a look here. Here's cut six rand. Paul says he lost his invitation. He's not allowed to go anymore. Someone Has told us the White House called them from the White House and offered them money to attack me online.


So we have that and now we're uninvited to the picnic. And it's like, I don't know, it's just incredibly petty. And it shows that, look, I'm arguing. Yeah, he says they've disinvited me from the White House. I don't know who did it. It's very petty. They uninvited me from the picnic. Now we have an update on this story this morning. Say, say again. Justin. Justin's talking to me. It's my fault. It's not my fault. How was it my fault? I didn't do anything. All I did was ask questions. I didn't get the guy Disinvited from the White House picnic. I, I, I, I think I saw some people in the chat think that that may have been the reason that that went down. I have no idea why he was disinvited from the White House picnic.


But I have good news for Senator Rand Paul today, standby here. I'm gonna share this on our screen. Here it is, boys President Trump has just posted a truth social this morning, the following, of course, Senator Rand Paul and his beautiful wife and family are invited to the big White House party tonight. He's the toughest vote in the history of the United States Senate by, but why wouldn't he be invited? Because besides he writes, it gives me more time to get his vote on the great big beautiful Bill. One of the greatest and most important pieces of legislation ever put before our senators and congressmen and women. It will help to make America great again.


I look forward to seeing Rand. The party will be great. I don't, I don't know what the sequence of events here was. I don't, I maybe this is all just one big negotiating tactic on the part of the White House, like have some lower level aid, revoke his invitation and the president comes swooping in. He seems very magnanimous. He's like, Hey, no, no, no, I want Senator Paul there. I want his beautiful wife at the, at the White House. Come on in for the picnic. Look, I'm looking out for you, Rand. I wanna make sure that there's a hot dog with your name on it, buddy. I'm looking out for you. So the president of the United States gets Rand Paul in the house, and we'll see. We will see if he changes his mind. I don't, we'll, again, we'll see.


I don't anticipate Senator Paul changing his mind. How about you, Chad? I, it sounded yesterday, like he was pretty dialed in on, I'm a no vote on this. In fact, he, You know, yesterday he made it pretty clear that he thinks his vote is garbage time. You know, it's just extra pointless, pointless. So he's just gonna take a stand against this bill because he doesn't like the debt ceiling hike that's within it. Okay? But, and, and also that Republicans are gonna have enough votes to get this thing through. But here's the thing I, I kept thinking about after that interview, even during, obviously during the interview, I asked him about this. Well, hold on a second. So, is your position that the debt ceiling is gonna be hiked no matter what Rand Paul does? Yeah, it is. It's gonna be hiked no matter what Rand Paul does.


Okay? So you want Chuck Schumer to have leverage over the debt ceiling conversation. You want a 60 vote threshold to pass a debt ceiling, meaning the Democrats are gonna get to make that bill substantially worse when the debt ceiling is raised. Yeah, I I'm not seeing it. I, the math ain't math as the kids say, that's not gonna work for me. This is, this is a tactical error on his part, a tactical error on his part. And I looked even in advance of the interview, I looked back at history, I was like, did Rand Paul ever vote for a debt ceiling hike? And to his credit, he's been principled on this. He's been totally consistent on this. He didn't vote for debt ceiling hikes. Okay?


But if there's ever a time to do it, it's now, don't give Chuck Schumer a weapon. And at the moment, Rand Paul seems on the verge of handing him one if Rand Paul were to get his way. But again, he thinks his, his vote at this point is gonna be meaningless. So we'll see the president inviting him to the picnic. We'll see if Rand even takes President Trump up on it. He sounded grumpy yesterday that he was disinvited. So presumably he wants the picnic. Maybe they were planning their whole week's dinner schedule around whether or not they're gonna have hotdogs at the White House. You know, you got a budget for a family, including in Congress. And so Rand Paul hit it off to the White House picnic maybe, and he gets there. President Trump's gonna try and convince him to support the big beautiful bill. That's right. How you doing?


How you doing? How you doing? Just amazing stuff. Just amazing stuff. DM Facts tells me in the chat, VINCE was being really dense with Senator Paul yesterday. Tell me how I was dense. In fact, the reality is I was being very generous with him. I was just letting him answer the question straightforward. I didn't, I wasn't trying to be combative. I just wanted really clear answers on why he's opposed. And so happy to, happy to have the senator on, happy to talk about these things. Okay, so we'll get to, to more of this coming up on the program. I've got another, a couple of other big pieces to get to with you today. ICE has been rounding up a ton of sadistic criminals, a ton of dangerous, dangerous criminals.


And I love this. This is exactly what I voted for. I'm happy about this. There's a brand new list of illegals that ICE has rounded up in Los Angeles, And it includes a bunch of people, including murderers, pedophiles and drug traffickers. DHS, assistant Secretary Trisha McLaughlin reporting on this and saying, this is crazy that Governor Gavin Newsom in California, mayor Karen Bass in la, they're continuing to prioritize these criminal illegals over their own citizens, which is madness. Among the illegals who were arrested Monday and Tuesday, there was a guy called Gerardo and Antonio Palacio, a Mexican national convicted of homicide and burglary.


We got murderers running the streets of la illegal aliens. What are they even doing out in public? They're, they're murderers. So we're getting rid of those guys. They can go. Mob Kleb is a Cambodian national who was convicted of lewd action with a child battery and possession of a controlled substance, again, rounded up by DHS by ice, getting ejected from the country. Song Longs Prosser is a LA national convicted for lewd or lascivious acts with a child under the age of 14. This is a pedophile we're talking about in Antonio Beez Ugarte, a Mexican national convicted of drug trafficking, also arrested by deportation officers.


We got Alberto Morales, magia Mejia, a Mexican man who was convicted of manufacturing amphetamine. This is a, You know, drug, a drug dealer. Raul Teran Guillen, another Mexican national previously arrested for human smuggling and money laundering. So the list keeps going. I'm not gonna go through the whole list. We've got this massive, massive list of dangerous, violent illegals who are being rounded up and ejected from the country. And I, I'm here to tell you that the reason that the left, the lefties just sort of your like, You know, dime a dozen lefties who are out there all over the country, don't understand any of this, is because they have no idea who's even being arrested.


They think that there's just, You know, like, it's like a Save the Children ad or something where you have like illegals are raiding and just ruining the lives of all these innocent babies. And it's, the whole thing is just ridiculous. That's not what's going on. What's going on here is they're rounding up some very bad people and they're getting them out of our country. Now, again, I'll further stipulate as I do every time I want every illegal out of the country. I don't, I'm not here to worry about the sob stories or anything like that. The sob story is what's happened to the United States of America. We've been invaded. We've gotta restore sovereignty, which is of course the point I was making with Senator Paul yesterday. We gotta restore sovereignty to our country. So get 'em all out.


3000 a day is what they wanna target for a minimum. And I want them to go a lot further than that because 3000 a day, that's about a million a year. We've got over 20 million who just came in under Joe Biden unsustainable, unsustainable. So get 'em out. So We got some good updates there on, on what's going on with some of these dangerous illegals being taken outta the country. We also have some more updates on what the heck is even going on with these LA riots. An illegal alien was just slapped with murder charges for attacking a police officer. We have here, lemme see fellas, if we have the actual clip of, of this, because, oh, here we go.


Yeah, this is cut for, this is an illegal alien who was accused of attempted murder for throwing a Molotov cocktail at law enforcement. Let's pull up the cut for video here. Just take a look at the suspect. The suspect. You can see right by his feet, the Molotov cocktail. He is wearing a black hood black mask. This is video released by DHS. He puts a lighter up in the air. So you obviously he's got all the implements to conduct this attack. And at one point you saw him, you see him walk towards where the police are. And authorities are saying that this guy is, is actually named Emiliano Garo Galvez. He's a criminal illegal from Mexico who threatened the lives of federal law enforcement officers.


He attacked them with a Molotov cocktail during the riots in Los Angeles. ICE has arrested him and he's now being charged with attempted murder for that. Well, that stands to reason. If you throw a Molotov cocktail at law enforcement or anybody for that matter, it should be safely concluded you were attempting to kill them. These are the types of criminal illegals that rioters are fighting to protect. Said the Assistant secretary of DHS, that's Trisha McLaughlin. You've seen her here on this program. She's great. The Los Angeles rioters will not stop us or slow us down. And If you lay a hand on a law enforcement officer, you will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.


So there you go. You've got an attempted murder on the part of one of these guys that these illegals who are fighting back against ice officers, who are just trying to do their jobs, just trying to get these guys out of the country. The effort to get control of these out of control people, these out of control invaders continues here. The the lefties are freaking out about a video. Let me show you, cut five here. This is a video of Los Angeles, California. This is Boyle Heights in LA where police officers box in this vehicle, and then they make an arrest of the occupants of the car.


Now lefties are sharing this right now as some sort of awful incident. Look how dangerous and tyrannical and fascistic all of this is. In fact, there's a guy on, on X by the name of Brian K. Stein. He's a, a full-blown left winger. And he shared this video and he said, breaking moments ago in Boyle Heights, California, two federal immigration vehicles rammed into a white sedan carrying three individuals. Agents then appeared to fire a chemical agent into the car before detaining the driver. A woman in the vehicle sounding visibly shaken, insisted that all of the occupants are American citizens. Protestors are beginning to surround the area.


Now this response seems wildly excessive Now that expost, And it is probably going wild on blue ski too blue sky, that Expost is getting a ton of traction right now. 7.6 million views on that lefty thing. 14,000 reposts. Everybody's sharing it like there's some sort of grotesque violation going on here by going after this guy. But there's not, there's not. So here's the truth of what's actually going on in that sequence. In that scene, according to the Department of Homeland Security, what really was going on was this was a targeted arrest of a violent rioter, a targeted arrest of a violent rioter who punched a customs and border protection officer.


That's what that video is. They again, someone else who assaulted law enforcement, Homeland Security Investigations tried to arrest this guy, Christian, Damien Cerno Camacho for the assault. And he attempted to flee. He was ultimately caught. He was arrested and taken into custody. And Homeland Security is pointing out, and this is what I'll talk about when, when Ice Director Todd Lyons comes on, that their officers are now facing a 413% increase in assaults against them. Rooted on by the top Democrats in the country who are saying that ice agents are the Nazis, ice agents are Gestapo. That's what people like. Hakeem Jeffries and Daniel Goldman and Michelle Wu and Tampon Tim Walls have all been saying out loud in public.


And so you've got people who are attacking ice officers at the invitation of top Democrats and that has led to a 413% increase in assaults. You didn't hear threats, assaults against ice officials. They're putting their lives on the line as they try to arrest these murderers, rapists, and gang members. That's what they're doing. So that's, again, this is a, this once again, a totally justified law enforcement action being spun outta control by the left, pretending like there's something vile going on. So in case you wondering what the receipts are, there they are. In case you wonder what the truth is. There it is. That's the truth. That's the truth. And that brings me to one of our favorite videos of the day.


One of my absolute favorite videos, a civilian watching as one of these violent rioters attacks, law enforcement and the civilian. This Good Samaritan steps up and gives an NFL form tackle. I've got that in just a moment. I can't wait to show you that it's gonna be great.


Hey, lemme tell you about our sponsors. Blackout Coffee is a great sponsor of this program. You know, I don't just slap my name on anything. I only back up what I truly believe in. And I'm glad that Blackout Coffee supports this show. Very pumped about that. The owner, John, is a great guy and he is the real deal. He built Blackout Coffee from the ground up. He doesn't compromise on quality or values. This is a great company. This is America First Coffee Roasted Fresh, right here in the United States. No woke nonsense. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as You know, Blackout Coffee has been the official coffee of everybody here at Silver Lock. So, You know, this is a brand that stands for the right values. And lemme tell you something, it's a great cup of coffee. I love Blackout Coffee. Actually, lemme take a sip right now. Whoa. I've, you wouldn't believe the power I feel coursing through me right now thanks to Blackout Coffee. It's awesome. Here's the deal. John is hooking you up as well. Head over to Blackout Coffee dot com slash VINCE, use the code, VINCE, that's VINCE. And you're gonna get 20% off your first order, whether you like whole bean ground or even instant coffee that doesn't suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. Blackout Coffee dot com slash VINCE, use the code. VINCE, you're gonna get 20% off your first order, baby Blackout Coffee, thank you to Blackout Coffee for supporting this show. It's a great coffee, okay? Yes. And the cup is nice. Isn't that nice? That's a nice cup.


We had a, we had a gentleman on our program a couple weeks back. I forget how long ago. I feel it must've been almost two months ago now. We had a gentleman Come on. He does laser engraving. And remember his daughter has a, he lives in West Virginia. His daughter was competing on a, on a team against a boy. There's a boy on the, the track and field team doing shot put. And it's, he's, he's playing with the girls. And this guy's like, yeah, that's totally unfair. All the other teams are forfeiting against us because there's a boy playing and the girls wanna compete against girls. That seems very reasonable. So it was, he was very generous. He made me a laser engraved a couple of these laser engraved mugs with the logo of the show on it, which we never had before.


So now we do. And I like to drink my coffee. My blackout had those bad boys. That's pretty nice. Okay, so now we get to, again, my favorite video of the day, A civilian form tackle on a rioter in LA is, this is really, really awesome. Take a look here. Cut two at right after this, rioter throws a, a water bottle, uses it as a projectile, throws it directly into a law enforcement officer, assaulting him this civilian steps in watch. Holy cow.


Look at that form. Look, I, I'm telling you, First of all, he's got everything right. Listen, for the boys who are out there watching if you're a football player, everything right about this, he leads with that shoulder. He keeps his head up during this tackle. He wraps tight, he lifts the man off of the ground, and then he plants his shoulder into him and then drives him into the ground. Just an absolute perfect form tackle here on an LA rider who definitely deserved it. Did you notice that the rioter in the video is wearing the traditional, the old school like iPhone earbuds with the wires, not the wireless ones with the, with the wires on it.


Those earbuds absolutely exploding out of his here ears as his head hits the ground, hits the deck. Just, just amazing work. And honestly, I'm jealous. I'm jealous of the, the tackle here and, and grateful for that, that great American. This is like, you remember when the, the frat bros protected the American flag from all of the, the pro Hamas crazy people. This guy American Patriot. We should figure out who he is. We should throw this guy a rager, You know, have, have him stop by the White House, get some sort of presidential medal. I love. Boom. Holy cow. I just, that's a great tackle. That's a great tackle. I love that. Somebody said a gun was dropped.


Was there a gun? Did I see the gun? No, I didn't see the gun. There's a gun in the video. Show me someone. Is it possible fellas? Justin, did you see a gun in this video? I didn't realize that there was a gun here. I'm gonna have to watch this video over again very slowly to take a look at it. I've watched it a bunch of, oh, that does. Holy cat. So so the guy who threw the bottle, are we sure that's a gun? It, it kind of has a gun shape in that, in the, the video footage I'm looking at. But assuming it is, let's just for a moment, assume it's a gun. This all the better. This guy has solved all sorts of problems all at once, taking down this violent rioter.


So wonderful, wonderful stuff. I played football in high school at the, on the marine base that I, I graduated from. And I played starting defensive end. I loved playing defensive end. But I will admit that I never had a form tackle that was that good. I just, I didn't, I had some good tackle, I had some good sacks. But not that, that was a dream tackle. That's the kind of tackle that you brag about for the rest of your life. And that guy really should. That was great. All right, love, love that, love that. And I do hope that he stopped the guy. If, if he had a gun too, that he stopped that. That's pretty amazing. Some, some people think it's keys. Yeah, it could be, but whatever. Either way, that guy deserved it. And I like how the cops, the, the line instantly, they jumped all over that guy.


They jumped all over the bad guy and they arrested him. So that was wonderful. Love seeing that. Okay, now the lefties, the lefty mayors who are running these cities are getting absolutely crazier by the day. Absolutely crazier by the day. Lemme start with the LA Mayor Karen Bass. This is, this is really good. The LA Mayor, she, she gave a press conference yesterday where she said that all of this violence you're seeing, so again, let's just take it off, right. The, the burning of the Waymo's, the burning of the Hyundai in the middle of the intersection, the attacks on cops, the looting of the Adidas store, the looting of the Apple store, the looting of the CVS, the utter chaos in the streets of Los Angeles.


Whose fault is this? According to Karen Bass. Oh, You know the answer to this. It's Trump's fault. Trump did that. It's Trump's fault that people were looting the Adidas store. Take a look at Karen Bass. Here she is. Cut three, making excuses once again, a Week ago, everything was peaceful in the city of Los Angeles and in all of the representatives behind me in their cities as well. Things began to be difficult on Friday when raids took place. And it's important that I begin there because that is the cause of the problems that have happened in the city of Los Angeles and other cities.


This was a provocate, this was provoked by the White House. The reason why we don't know Karen Bass is, is outta control. She's completely outta control. So she blames Trump for all of this. It's Trump's fault. It's Trump's fault. This none, none of this would've happened if law enforcement didn't do their jobs. Do you hear her that the raids on Friday, and again, to remind you, Tom Holman has been explicit about this. Why were they raiding on Friday? Why were they raiding? The answer to that is because they were going after cartel activity. They were serving criminal warrants in Los Angeles on Friday. They made a hundred arrests as a result of all of that.


And Karen Bass is angry that they were enforcing the law. So she said, it's Trump's fault. It's Trump's fault. They began the raids. And so they deserve the violence. What kind of demented public official roots on the people who are destroying your community just because cops are doing their jobs. Oh, that's right. Karen Bass and the Democrats who run California. That's what they do. That's what they do. And she's not alone here. Before we barrel forward, I should make sure that all of our tech issues are resolved. 'cause we do have a guest coming up. Let's start with Justin. Can you, can you talk to me? Can I hear you from you brother? There? There you are. Okay, I hear you now.


Okay, good. Let's let, okay, that's, that's, that's a relief. Were you sweating it, Justin? Just okay. All right. Justin tells me I was on the whole time and he was freaking out. Okay, good. All right. Good. You were freaking out. I was freaking out. We were all freaking out. Everybody's freaking out. I've got one more for you before we thank our next sponsor. And we get to our, our great guest. I do have the mayor of Chicago, Brandon Johnson, who is, he is, I can, is this really still true? He has a 6% approval rating. How do you have a 6% approval rating?


And you're the mayor of a major American city. How did you even get elected in the first place? Is this not at least suggestive evidence that Chicago's elections are explicitly rigged? How do you have a 6% approval rating? Brandon Johnson does. Here's Brandon Johnson cut seven talking about ICE doing its job. And he says, yeah, that's basically the Confederacy. That's who ICE is. They're the confederacy. They are absolutely terrified. And that's, look, I remember a few standups ago when I talked about what terrorism looks like. This is it. There should be no question to what our country will look like. Have the Confederacy won?


We're seeing it on full display. It's just, it's mind bogglingly, stupid ev everything about that analysis is just mindbogglingly stupid. This is terrorism. No, I would say If you, If you want to classify something as terrorism, I would say illegal aliens, killing American citizens and then waving flags for foreign countries. That's terrorism. That's what terrorism is. Illegal aliens raping women and girls here in the United States. That's terror. We don't want that in our country. Illegal aliens invading our country and staying here in violation of every single law you could possibly imagine.


That shouldn't be happening. And for people to say that the law needs to be upheld and they need to be objected and then be called terrorists for doing that, you're disgusting. And there's no, it's no wonder you have a 6% approval rating. So those are the mayors of once great American cities who are doing their best to absolutely drive those things into the ground because who are, because they're serving their masters. You know who they're serving. They're serving the radical left. They're serving the radical left in California. Gavin Newsom, there's a great report on this. Jed McPhatter is an excellent reporter. He works with Susan Crabtree. They just wrote that great book together, A Fool's Gold About California.


Jed McPhatter has an amazing thread on X today. I shared it on my ex account. You can find it there about how Gavin Newsom has been backing the rioters, which all got started this past week because it was whipped into a frenzy by a group called Cherla. Cherla is the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights. La Cherla Cherla has received 35, excuse me, $35 million from California taxpayers. Additionally, they've received at least half a million dollars from federal taxpayers. They have turned around and they've incited all of these riots. And Gavin Newsom has taken money from this group back during the 2021 recall Gavin Newsom's defense efforts were being funded in part Byla.


So this is all scheme, this is all this, this, the left is working against you for a bunch of reasons. Some of them are explicitly, actually all of them are explicitly corrupt. The money that's flowing into Gavin Newsom, he's bought and paid for. And of course Karen Bass is by extension, of course, You know Brandon Johnson is as well. They're bought and paid for these guys. The other pieces, they're defensive of illegal immigration into the country. They cover it up because they know they stand to gain an electoral benefit out of it. Meaning either the chaos hurts Trump, which is what they want, or, and or they get the strength of the electoral college and the strength of unearned congressional seats just by counting the bodies that are in California, the illegal aliens.


So everything about this is a corrupt incentive. And this is why the left is rooting against you. It's why they're rooting against peace and it's why they're rooting for chaos. And it's gotta stop, it's gotta stop. A great reporter here from Jed McPhatter. Again, you can find that on my ex account. Coming up, I've got the great Ned Ryan from American Majority. I want to talk about the state of our country right now and getting all of these illegals out and how important that is to restoring our sovereignty. We'll also talk about cutting spending. It actually is possible to do both. I know that Senator Rand Paul seemed to suggest to me yesterday, you only only get one option. I, I don't feel like that at all. I feel like we have to do both. We do. We have to cut spending and we have to cut out the illegal aliens who are in our country.


That's important.


Hey, sometimes turning off your brain long enough to actually get some sleep is the hardest thing you're gonna do all day. I understand. I understand. Believe me, I understand Bowl and branch sheets can help you tremendously with that. They help me, my wife and I love our bowl and branch sheets. They quiet all that noise. Wrapping you in a softness so extraordinary that your body and mind effortlessly drift off to sleep. Their signature sheets are made with the finest 100% organic cotton. So you can spend every single night in the softest feeling imaginable. And we do love them. You know who else loves them? My dogs. My dogs major adores my Ballin branch sheets. He's, he climbs up there. You know what, You know what's great about Major? I mean, along with everything else, he waits to get up on the bed until I invite him. So he just rests his face right on the edge of the Boen branch sheets until I say, okay, major, get up. And then he does. He gets up on the bed and he'll crawl up. Find a good spot. Very comfortable. Gee, oh Gee, tells me his cat loves the Boen branch sheets too. All creatures love Boen Branch. These are the sheets. They feel buttery, they're breathable, they get softer with every wash. Not that you'll need it, but you can try them If you just wanna try them. I'll try them for an entire month. Boland branch, there's no catch. You can wash style. Feel the difference for yourself. Risk free. If you don't get your best night's sleep, you can send them back for a full refund. I love them. You will too. You can feel the difference. Get an extraordinary Night's sleep with Boland branch. Get 15% off plus free shipping on your first set of sheets@bolandbranch.com slash VINCE. That's Bo and branch B-O-L-L-A-N-D branch.com/ VINCE. And you'll save 15% exclusions. Apply C site for details. Boland Branch Major loves him. He really does.


And You know what I love and major likes to bug me when I'm doing it. I love my Power Rack Pro from Jacked Up Fitness. More and more Americans are actually taking care of their wellness. They're getting back in shape. Studies prove that strength training does more to help burn fat than cardio alone. That's why I'm so pleased to be working with Don and the team at Jack-Up Fitness. They're all in one home. Gyms are already best in class and they're all new X Series elevates home fitness to a whole new level. The Power Rack Pro X functional trainer list. You do hundreds of exercises, everything that you used to do at the gym, you can do it now. All from the comfort of your own spare room, your garage, your basement, wherever you wanna set it up. This absolutely stunning machine features a completely upgraded cable crossover system with articulating pull the arms, giving you unlimited width combinations to hit every single muscle group. And if you're new to strength training, they've got a free get jacked up program. It's got full body video workouts, you just press play and you follow along. So no more excuses get fit. You should do it. I'm doing it. Let's do it together. Go to get jacked up.com, sign up for the free training program, and when you're ready to purchase your own power rack Pro X, use my promo code VINCE, and you'll save 10% at checkout. That's right. Jacked up Fitness baby. Love jacked up fitness. Really, really do swinging all over that thing every day.


All right, let's, let's bring in our great guest now, the head of American Majority, Ned Ryan joins us on the program. Ned, good to have you back with us, sir. Y Yeah, good to be with you VINCE. Always, always good to chat. All right, so let's start Immigration invasion. Yeah. Rioting. Yep. What's going on right now? The left, I was just describing the, the left has all of these perverse incentives to continue to encourage this destruction. And it just, which means it's kind of up to the rest of us. It's up to the president to do something about it, don't you think? A hundred percent. I I, I think yesterday got me to a point of complete frustration over some of the, I would argue, propaganda that was being pushed out by say, David Ignatius of the Washington Post.


You know, Democrats ignored border politics. Somebody else wrote that they blundered on the border. No, they didn't. They didn't ignore border politics. They were hoping we ignored it. They were hoping that the American people weren't paying attention to what they were actually doing in facilitating a systematic invasion of this country, especially over the last four years. And I say that very specifically, VINCE, because go back to the first year of Biden's administration. In that first year alone, there were almost 300 executive actions by Biden that essentially annihilated border security. That, that lower deportations did a whole host of things to really lower the barrier of entry for illegal immigrants, illegal aliens, as they were doing that with say, their left hand, the Biden administration decided that with their right hand, they would shovel billions of taxpayer dollars into these religious NGOs to incentivize them to actually do resettlement of migrants in this country.


I mean, Catholic Charities, USA in 2021 alone got 1.4 billion. There were other charities when you combine them that were getting multiple billions. And so they were lowering the barrier of entry. The Biden administration was, as they were incentivizing an increase in this illegal alien invasions. Yes. And you were talking about chaos in one of your, your previous segments here. And I just wanna say that again, none of this is a mistake. None of this is by chance it was all systematic. We're seeing the, the full extent of it now in la I think we're gonna see it in other parts of the country as well. But I truly believe, VINCE, obviously there, there are powers that be inside of the previous administration that hate this country.


They they truly do. And I think they were kind of executing a cloud or pivot strategy in which If you wanna bring about massive change to society, you have to create chaos and you have to collapse certain cultural institutions. And, and, and the, the economics of it, think about what, what is taking place when you have a unenforced open border and mass illegal immigration with open welfare systems. That is a recipe for absolute economic disaster for a country. And people are like, well, why did they do this? You, you're alluding to political power 100%. That was part of it and is part of it. I mean, You know, look at the 2030 census, even without some of these numbers being cleaned out, Republicans stand to gain about 13 electoral votes into primarily the Sunbelt, roughly.


And, and California's gonna lose seats. We'll pick up again, 13 house seats because of this. That's with what I consider flawed numbers. So the reason they are fighting this so hard, the left is because If you actually clean out the census numbers by 2030, do you add maybe another 10 or 12 seats to those 13? I mean, this could be a seismic shift in American politics. And Democrats realize if we don't fight this, we're gonna have a really hard time regaining political power. And God forbid they actually should because all of this that we are seeing in the streets of LA was deeply intentional, not only of hatred for the American people, but also for political power.


So I I, I think you're right. I think oftentimes on the right, we've made the mistake of trying to choose one explanation for this. And the reality is there's sort of an all of the above approach to understanding this. You have the neo-Marxist, you have the people who think that this country shouldn't exist and wanna destroy it. You've got the cloud pivot, chaos push going on. You've got people like Gavin Newsom who are paid to turn a blind eye to this Yeah. Who rely on these institutions for political support. You have people who are looking to pad the numbers for the American left and the electoral college and the congressional districts there. There's clearly an all of the above explanation here. And I wanna dwell on a point you just made a moment ago, because I feel like it can't be emphasized enough.


The left has no other principle than power. Yes. There's no other principle that's undergirding their approach to politics, which is why for years they can tell us that demand rather the separation of church and state. There's no way those two things can be intertwined. And then once they're in power, turn around and pay off religious organizations to traffic human beings into the United States. That's right. Using your stolen money. Yeah. I I you you couldn't have said it better, VINCE. And, and I also want to dismiss that idea that somehow there's a separation of religious beliefs and politics. We're all people of faith. Everybody is right. There's no perfect human knowledge set based off finite thinking and a finite mind that has all of the solutions and answers to every aspect of life.


It's just not, I mean, If you were to think through that, so at a certain point, there's an element of faith in every last human being. And we all have a set of presuppositions and biases by which we view the world around us and make choices as to whether what is right or wrong. Mine is obviously based on a transcendent creator, immortal soul, all these things. But even the left has a faith system. They have a series of presuppositions and biases based off an element of faith by which they actually make their decisions. So when they look at us and go, oh no, we're we believe in scientism, we're we're not people of faith. No, you're not. You're you're people of faith as well. And so certain faith system is going to win out in the public arena. So I really am strongly reacting to this whole idea that somehow you're just based on faith and we're based on science.


No, we're all people of faith. And someone's worldview is going to win out And it better be ours. Well, they have religious garb too that they wear. Yeah. And they have a Cree, this is why they, they wear t-shirts that say abolish ice. They've got the, they've got the COVID masks, they have the pride flags, they have the purple hair dye. Each of these are all components of, of religiosity expressed as if it's like a part of like a normal political debate. Yeah, no, a hundred percent. There is a religious creed for the left. I mean, politics is their religion. I mean, we can go off on this for a long time. I just wanna make this point. Politics is the religion of the left. Their holy of holies is the administrative state and power by which they want to have that power to then be able to dictate to the dirty little peasants what's best for them.


But the problem has been the dirty little peasants, the American people have been resisting progress. And I think that's also another element of what we're seeing take place with this illegal alien invasion. Well, If you dirty little peasants don't know what's best for you, we're just simply gonna have to replace you to create wards of the state that will do whatever we want, give us political power, and then we'll be able to shape society into what we actually want in the future. So, You know, there's a lot of different moving parts on this, but understand we are up against religious zealots. They have a religious creed and ours had better went out because their vision for the future has nothing to do with the founders, has nothing to do with natural rights or human dignity on any level.


And we need to accept that and face that and go, we better beat this religious zealots with and meet them with our own passion because if we don't, we will lose. So is it possible So, so in other are consequences enough to stamp this out? So, so right now we've lived in kind of a consequence free culture for left-wing. Yeah. We have actions of power. If, if a lefty, if a lefty acts tyrannical, they're, they're almost never held accountable for it. Or if they are, it's just a slap on the wrist. The Trump administration is trying to undertake some effort to have accountability. Lamonica ver just had a bunch of grand jury indictments unsealed this week against her. That's, that's important. She assaulted federal officers.


She should be held accountable for it makes total sense to me. The Trump administration is now sending National Guard, United States Marines into LA to try and restore order there. If there are consequences, does the left learn lessons from that? Or is that kind of zealotry that you just described so entrenched that, well, I don't wanna be a, a total pessimist, but that it's over that there's no way out of this thing. Well, I don't think we have much in common, if anything, with the un-American left. Like I said, this is a religious quest for them to have power. I think the only way you actually get, first of all, we do live in a consequence free society writ large. People are oftentimes not exposed to the consequences of their decisions.


And when people are not exposed to those consequences the next time around, the behavior is even worse. And so I absolutely believe that people need to be held accountable for a lot of egregious behavior over the previous 10 years. And I think the left should in the immediate be exposed to the consequences of their terrible intentional decisions on this illegal alien invasion. But I think the only way we get back to normal, VINCE, if we're being honest, since we have nothing in common with the un-American left, is you have to beat them into unconditional surrender politically. And this is why I've started to become not obsessed, but we have to focus in our own way, in the proper perspective on political power. And we should be organizing a, a lot of our efforts in 26, 28 30 before the census kicks in on how do you actually maintain political power to make sure they never see it again as we implement the right policies for this country.


So to me, it's very cut and dried. You will never find common ground with the un-American left. And so the only real solution moving forward is to make sure they never see political power again. Yeah. Well, God willing, you're right that that happens. They, they deserve the wilderness they find themselves in right now. A hundred percent. Okay. Let me, let me ask you about reigning in the government because I, I find this to be very important too. I don't think this is an either or. I think both of these are required. Yes, we have to deport e every illegal we can get our hands on and we've gotta cut government spending pretty aggressively. And this week the house is considering a $9 billion rescissions package.


This is, as you and I discussed in the first place, it's just a starter package. This is a very small amount of spending. We're asking Congress to consider cutting. The house is expected to have to, to go through final passage today. But apparently behind the scenes, Ned, and you may have a better perspective on this than I do, that the, the arm twisting has been difficult just to get the $9 billion signed off on as of midday yesterday, there were at least 10 Republican holdouts who were still kind of squeamish about cutting P-B-S-N-P-R and U-S-A-I-D spending. What is going on here, Ned? Well, again, it goes back to a Republican majority has to be a majority of America first before you actually see, are going to see legitimate progress made on some of this.


But let's just go, let's, let's talk about this. First of all, the big beautiful bill codifies Trump's campaign promises, these things have to be done specifically on immigration. 175 billion for border wall, 10,000 new ice agents, no less than a million deportations, all these great things. 701 miles of the border wall, which is amazing. But I just wanna remind people, you have to fix that illegal immigration problem because it is a hidden tax on the American people. It's about 150 billion a year that illegal aliens are costing us as a country. So think of it as cost savings on that front. There's 1.6 trillion in mandatory savings in the big beautiful bill. The CBO, not a friend of Trump's actually made the point that over the next decade his tariffs could reduce the federal deficit by 2.8 trillion.


And then we get to this whole idea of rescissions, right? And, and there are Republicans that are problematic. We will always have that from out of the blue states Republicans who are not quite on the same page with us. I think this is pretty easy. So I'm a little staggered at a 9 billion rescissions package on USAID N-P-R-P-B-S, all these things that, that should be a slam dunk. But where I think we're going to actually end up in August, speaking of cutting, spending, the whole idea of pocket rescissions. And you and I kind of, I, I was alluding to this the last time we were on, and then the White House was like, don't, let's not talk about this for a couple weeks. But now I can, I think, think in on August 18th, you're going to see a lot of rescissions sent to Congress. It has to be within the last 45 days of a fiscal year, which ends September 30th for these rescissions to kick in.


And I actually asked OMB folks, how much do you think we could actually cut and spending? Is it a trillion? They're like, no, it's not a trillion, but it's hundreds of billions of dollars. So you start to think through, if we cut out the cost of illegal immigration, we have the mandatory savings, the savings from using the tariffs and reducing the federal deficit pocket rescissions. Now we're actually talking trillions upon trillions. That's that's legitimate money, VINCE. And it's just the first year of the Trump administration. We have to keep the majorities in 26 to keep the progress going. But we're making progress here. And I want people to just understand there is a plan in place. Okay, so let me, I wanna put a finer point on pocket rescissions because the rescissions were an alien concept, I think to most people.


Now we're getting into an even deeper level. Pocket rescissions look, the the, the White House has a handbook, a guide here on where they can start cutting it's Doge. Yep, yep. Doge has found something like what, 150, $160 billion in cuts. And so right away after this 9 billion goes through on August 18th, all they have to today is here's our Doge Rescissions present that. And the upside is they don't need Congress at all. That's what you're talking about here. Yes. Because those 45 day, that 45 day window starts And it doesn't matter when it ends, it's over. And the effect, as I understand it, Ned, and confirm this for me because the White House is cutting that spending in the closing days of the fiscal year.


What that means is any continuing resolution going forward is not gonna include that spending anymore. So that cutoff is a permanent cutoff of the spending unless Congress comes up with new appropriations. Right. And the other thing too that I think is really beautiful about Pocket Precisions, rescissions, Congress would have to go out of its way to actually overturn those rescissions, which again, we've got some problematic Republicans in the house and obviously in the Senate they would have to side with Democrats to overturn these rescissions. But it would have to be an overt act Yes. By Congress to actually overturn these rescissions. And I love that. I mean, let, let's face it, most people in Congress are not exactly profiles and political courage.


They would prefer to duck the really hard decisions apparently on spending as well. And I think this is, this is actually a beautiful solution. 'cause it requires Congress to actually do nothing, sit on their hands and simply let these rescissions go into, into reality become a into effect. So I totally agree with you and I love that. I love get 'em on the record. Show us who you really are. I love that. Yeah. But the other piece of this, Ned, is the White House hasn't actually told us which cuts they wanna present in August. And I'm wonder about the strategy of this. 'cause as far as I'm concerned, it sounds to me like the White House doesn't want to add any noise to the debate. They, they, right now, their goal is they wanna get the big beautiful bill passed and they do want at least a few rescissions to be cut.


But other than that, the last thing they wanna do is create any sort of other political liabilities by being explicit. Correct. About that August 18th date and what they wanna do with it going forward. Is that your view? Yes, absolutely. I think they are, they're almost wholly focused on getting this big beautiful bill passed the Senate. Obviously there's gonna be tweaks, go back to the house, they're gonna reconcile it all, send it to Trump, get it done. And I do think the Senate's gonna pass by July 4th before July 4th. The big beautiful bill. What that reconciliation between the house and the Senate bills look like. I think, I would hope it's done by the August recess. I, I don't know how the White House feels about that, but that's kind of what I'm expecting. Don't leave town until you actually get this passed. Yes. And onto Trump's desk.


And then we can go into the budget cycle. We can get into the rescissions process a couple weeks after that and we can really focus on cutting the spending, which there's no debate here that we actually have to have a serious conversation about cutting spending. But that's not the time, now is not the time to have it, especially with the big beautiful bill that comes later. And I think there's actually a very legitimate plan. And I think the White House is leaving it until they get through the big beautiful bill. Okay, so I had Senator Rand Paul on with me yesterday and his court objection, oh geez. Continues to be the debt ceiling hike. He says, five, I don't wanna raise the debt ceiling by $5 trillion. I I I can't vote for that.


If we do that, we can't say we're conservative anymore. This is what he said. So he says, he's been saying that if we just get rid of that debt ceiling component to the big beautiful bill, I can support it. There are other elements, there's some elements I disagree with, but I'll vote yes on it if the debt ceiling thing is out of it. Here's Ned the quandary. I think that, that he's in, because as, as a practical matter, and, and again you tell me if I'm right about this, if he separates the debt ceiling out with or without Rand Paul and if this package goes through or not, that debt ceiling is going to be raised by Congress. That is a, just a, a, a certainty that that's going to happen. What Rand is suggesting though, is I wanna give Chuck Schumer power over the legislation that does that. That's the effect of what he's saying.


Am I right That that's exactly the point I was gonna make. So, oh, Rand, do you want to have a debate with Chuck Schumer every three months about raising the debt ceiling? He is going to extract a pound of flesh out of us every time. So let's just get it done. Let's have this, this, this conversation right now so we don't find ourselves every few months having to, to ask Chuck Schumer to help us out on raising the debt ceiling. 'cause we're gonna need Democrats to do that through that process and kind of put ourselves of our own volition hostage to Chuck Schumer and his pet little projects that are gonna benefit Democrats on the left. Like I, I think the entire strategy is kind of insane. And I think the only reason that Rand Paul and Thomas Massey are getting away with some of this stuff is it does get a little complicated and the whole process of everything.


So they're making all these arguments, but I think it's a little hard for the, the lay people, the people that are out there living their normal lives to fully understand. But what they are advocating to me kind of borders on political stupidity. I agree. Yeah. And, and, and You know, he didn't, he didn't bring it up yesterday in our interview, but he's been citing this number. He says that, I dunno why we're spending all this money on the border wall. I think you cited a number here. It was like 170 billion or something on 150. And, and he says he's quoting numbers, he's quoting numbers. He's like, it should only cost us 65 billion or, or 6.5 billion. He said, 6.5 billion. Why are we spending all this other money? And I looked into where he got the, the math from. He was quoting what it would take to build 1000 miles of pedestrian wall from a 2009 GAO report.


And he's not talking about that. This is a multi-layered approach. They, the Trump administration wants to build pedestrian wall, they wanna build roads along the side of the border. They wanna build water barriers. They wanna build a multi-layered 2,400 miles worth of variable layers in order to fully secure our border. So Rand's not even having the same conversation as the White House is having about what to build on the borders. It, it, it's, again, I don't want to attribute too many things to ram, but it's pretty disingenuous what he's doing right now, especially on those costs. The wall that I want, VINCE people should go look at the border wall between Gaza and Egypt.


That's the border wall I want for us on our southern border just to make sure that people understand you're not coming through, we're done with this and, and we're not gonna allow another illegal alien invasion to take place. So I think, again, going back to some of the process and some of the numbers, I don't think that people are being fully honest in this debate on a whole host of fronts. Okay, last, last thing on the wall. The wall people need to understand is a durable thing that is hard to overturn by executive order. So when it, when it comes to Washington with the changing of power and the changing of administrations, so much changes. We saw it during Biden. So much changes so rapidly and our country gets invaded regardless of what happens electorally.


If Trump succeeds in fortifying our southern border, it gets a lot more difficult for the left to tear that down. They'll try. But that is a lot more difficult to get rid of once it's actually built. A hundred percent. And, and that's an excellent point because we have to create human history tells us at some point, as much as I wanna send them into permanent exile, into the political wilderness, Democrats will probably regain political power at some point in the future. We have to make structural changes that makes their, their getting back to political power that much harder, their implementation of their twisted war policies that much harder. I mean, this is one of 'em. If you put in this, this bill funds 701 miles of the southern border wall, you put these structural changes and no matter what they want to do in the future, I hope it's a very distant future before they get political power.


It makes it that much harder for them to do what they've done to us the last four years. Yeah, big time. All right. We gotta get our country back and you are working on that percent relentlessly. Please keep, keep plugging away Ned and figure out a way to keep Democrats from ever getting political power back so we don't have to worry about all this. Thank you very much. Good to talk to you sir. Really appreciate you. All right, man, I appreciate it. The Great Ned Ryan from American Majority. That guy's a star. Love having him on the, on the show and digging into this. And so that is the number, that's the date to look out for August 18th, ladies and gentlemen. August 18th continues to be the number to look out for on the White House coming in and saying, these are the cuts we're making Congress, you can join us in this party.


You don't have to, because If you don't, that's just as good. We will cut the government permanently in a really big way on August 18th. Now that's, Ned is hearing that. I've heard Russ vote, the head of the Office of Management and Budget talking about Pocket Rescissions over and over and over again. By and large, the media has sort of ignored this. I'm not ignoring it. Ned's not ignoring it. I know you're not ignoring it. That's a very, very big deal. So we're gonna keep attuned to that. And in the meantime, I, I don't wanna say keep the pressure up, but yeah, go ahead. Keep the pressure up. Just keep reminding the president of the United States and the White House. We care about this. We absolutely want to cut spending Step one, of course is getting our country back though.


We gotta get our sovereignty back, build that wall and get the illegals out. That's what the big beautiful bill will do. Hopefully Rand Paul meets with President Trump at that picnic and he comes to his senses and he says, I gotta vote for this thing. I gotta vote for this thing. I want my country back. I definitely do. My thanks as always guys, for all your support. For those of you who are looking for Major, who will be sleeping tonight on my Bo and Branch sheets, at least for a time. He stays with us for like an hour and then he'll jump off at some point and go to his dog bed. Major will be with me tomorrow because it's Friday. We'll have major on the show. I'll be home Friday. Home Studio major will be there. I, my guess is he'll be lying down and he'll be enjoying the show.


It's soothing for him. It's soothing to follow along. Thank you to all of you. Hey, by the way, somebody said let's get Vince's numbers way up here. Yes, please. Let's keep doing that. If you have friends or family who are unaware of the program, please share it. If you have social media accounts where you've got some people following, I don, I don't care If you have two people following you or 2 million people, I'd be super grateful if you'd support this program. I think we're doing something useful each and every day. Very informative here on the show. So please, please help, help this get the word out and I've got the radio show, the big national radio show coming up 12 to three Eastern Time. Find out your local radio listings at the VINCE show.com or watch us live rumble.com/ VINCE, always appreciate you joining me here.


The best damn audience in media.