
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host, Dan Bonino. So much winning folks. So much winning. We actually put it on a shirt. This was Paula is brainchild. She loves running that store. So it's there for you if you want it. The winning happens every day. It just keeps coming in. It keeps coming in. And I don't know about you, but I'm not tired about the winning. Judge. Bonino is ruled. Keep the winning coming. The verdict is in. Listen, I got a big show for you today, folks. The situation in the negotiations for Ukraine, the future of Ukraine, the future of Russia, the European Union are getting really hot and they're getting really hot right now.


And the media, of course, is mischaracterizing the whole thing. To the point that even insiders are starting to say right now, well, at least Trump is saying out loud what Biden was trying to do privately. Biden just didn't have the courage to say it. I'll get into that in a minute and I'm gonna ask a critical question. What has Zelinsky known? When Did He Know It, folks? I documented this extensively in my book. Follow the Money. How this insane in Ukraine. That's the name of the chapter. How was Ukraine has been treated like a piggy bank for a long time by a lot of people. It's one of the reasons Donald Trump was impeached and Zelensky knows about it. Why hasn't he come clean on that? We got a lot to talk about today.


Don't go anywhere. Today's show is gonna start with a bank,


today's show brought to you by Beam. Go to shop Beam dot com slash bino. Use code bonino for 47% off your first order to get a good night's sleep.


Today's show also brought to you by Express VPN, who knows you better than yourself? Well, if you own a smartphone or computer or any internet connected device, there are thousands of companies out there who know you better than you do. They're called data brokers and they make billions of dollars a year tracking your online activity. They package all that up into a profile. They then sell to people who want to control you. So what can you do about it? Well, you can get off the internet entirely or you can start protecting yourself with express VPN. Express. VPN gives you a new IP address and a location you choose so it can't be traced back to you. 'cause Express VPN Encrypts and reroute your network connection through secure servers, your internet traffic, so private, not even your internet provider, provider can get their hands on it. Express VPN works on any device that you connect to the internet. Just one click and you've got private secure internet Right now you can get four extra months of express VPN for free. So go to express vpn.com/bonino to learn more. PR es s express vpn.com/panino. Reclaim your privacy today.


All right fellas, let's go again. My lovely wife Paula manages this store. She did this shirt. You guys like it. Pick one up. We'd love you too. Your call store panino.com. So much winning, winning just keeps coming in fast and furious. So we love you. She loves you. I know you like the chum. We call it the chum store. So we, we'd love you to pick one up. So folks, before I get to, What Did Zelensky Know and When Did He Know It? Because I'm telling you, you have to listen to Brother Bonino here. You will never understand the Ukraine situation until you understand the whole Ukraine situation. Looking at it through a simple lens of, you know, good guy, one guy good, one guy bad, is very, very simplistic and does not describe all of the mechanics of what's going on and what happened here.


You'll see what I mean in a minute, but I wanna play this first because there's so much winning. I can't get enough of these clips of Stephen Miller. Stephen Miller's, the Deputy Chief of staff at the White House under Donald Trump. I think going on CNN and humiliating them. There is a really good idea. Some people disagree. They say stay off these crazy networks, but this is where a lot of persuadable people are. I did, I think the biggest mistake the liberals made in the last election, Kamala Harris and others, is not going on Joe Rogan and Fox. Not that they would've convinced us, but that they got smoked icing out. Fox and others don't replicate the strategy. I know some of you disagree. Totally cool. This is not a monarchy. You are entitled to your own opinion. A lot of people online stay off these networks.


Totally cool. I disagree. I used to do CNN all the time. I used to love to argue over there. This is Brianna Keeler, obviously not very bright. Listen to her. Ask a question about Doge to Steven Miller. Get completely wrecked by an intellect 10 x hers, right? And then pretend she knew the answer the whole time, which makes you wonder if she knew the answer, why did she ask the question? This is just another one of those Epic own the Libs moments. Check this out. So Who is in charge of Doge? The president of the United States. He's the administrator of Doge. No, the Doge is the what was formerly US Digital Services is an agency of the federal government that reports into the office of the executive office of the president, which reports to the President of the United States.


Okay? The way that Article two works is a president wins an election, and then he appoints staff, including myself, including Mike Waltz, including Susie Wiles. Yes. Including Elon Musk. And those staff report to him. Did, does she not know that? So the president's running, she's, do you understand how stupid this is? The president appoints the director of the Secret Service too. It doesn't mean the president is sitting in the Secret Service office over on eighth Street and headquarters on the eighth floor sitting there making decisions. But the Secret Service under the Department of Homeland Security works for the president.


Bri. Brianna, I'm serious. Are are you this dumb or are you just playing dumb? Do you think the CEO of the Ford Motor Company who has a technology development division is working on, in his office, a microprocessor for their new whatever electric car. Do you think he's actually doing that right there? What do you mean he's not the administrator? Are these people the stupid? The answer is they're not. They're not. They're playing dumb because they're not serious people. What they're doing is they're trying to find a way to object to the Doge, Elon Musk, Stephen Miller, Donald Trump and government employees in the Doge uncovering the fraud that people in the left wing media are trying to protect.


So what do they do? They're just inventing new arguments every day. What do you mean the president's not the administrator of Doge? Are you this stupid? All right, moving on. I I'm, do I do you guys in, in the chat? Do you guys want me to stop playing this stuff on CNN? I gotta tell you, IJ it, it, there's no, I know we talk about edutainment educational entertainment. There's really no educational value to this at all. I'm serious. It's, it's only entertainment. I just get a kick out of Stephen Miller owning the libs on CNN. Do you want me to stop? Let me, no, no, no, no, no. Who's that? Elaine Corn Pop. Janet? No. Okay, good. You li I like it too. And it's a good way to get the day started. Let's get to the serious stuff now.


Time for time to put out as, as my fifth grade teacher, Ms. GI Feather. You say time to put your thinking caps on 'em. Folks. I am not gonna engage in simplistic reasoning with you here. The world is a very complicated place and the margin matters. There are good guys who can do bad things. There are bad guys who can do things that may be good for us. There are mediocre guys who can do nothing making them, in fact, bad players because they do nothing. The world is not an easy place of Captain America and the Red skull Kids think like that.


I'm really getting sick of the left wingers out there and even some kind of warhawks on the right when they discuss Ukraine leaving out various factors here that are important. Yes? Can we all agree on some basic facts? The Ukrainians did not deserve any of this. Okay? I don't believe in any way, shape, or form that the Ukrainian people were the bad guys in this. If, you know, if the Ukrainians stopped fighting, there'd be no Ukraine has been said many times. If Russians stopped fighting, there'd be peace. Fine. That argument is a, is a solid and decent databased argument to make. But suggesting here that Zelensky the current president of U Ukraine, that his hands are clean and what's been a global attack on populism and Donald Trump is ridiculous.


Donald Trump knows this, folks. There's a true social post he, he put out just minutes before we got on the air where he's starting to ask simple questions. Thank you guys Got this up pretty quickly. He says, Hey, we spent hundreds of billions of dollars in a war that couldn't be won and never had a star, but a war that he without the US and Trump will never be able to settle. He's talking about Zelensky, he's talking about all this money, money we spent more than Europe and the United States is getting nothing back. Why is Donald Trump so upset about this? He's talking about Zelensky not hosting elections too, not holding elections. Excuse me folks. Donald Trump was impeached.


Impeached from impeached, luckily won the trial. Of course it wasn't luck, it was a crap case. But because of a phone call with who anybody know, Zelinsky the phone call. The allegations at the time, in case you forgot you, you probably didn't, was that it was a quid pro quo call that Donald Trump was calling 'cause he wanted information about Hunter Biden in exchange for military support. The transcript of course, was released by the Trump team. The transcript showed, showed no such quid pro quo. It did show, in fact Donald Trump asking Zelinsky about what the Biden team was up to in Ukraine.


Because I believe Donald Trump in his head believed there were serious violations of US law that could have caused the national security crisis. The Biden team had a number of suspicious business dealings with Ukrainian officials and Trump was trying to get to the bottom of it. Zelinsky knew what happened on that phone call. Why? Because he was on the phone call. But I want you to remember a little bit of history here. Zelensky could have saved the United States a lot of drama by immediately coming out and defending Donald Trump vigorously and loudly and uncovering for the American people what Joe Biden had been up to because he knew it's his government.


But he didn't. He didn't. So Donald Trump, I can almost guarantee you who knows, this is very suspicious of Zelinsky because of what, what he and some of the people in his government did to sweep under the rug the Joe Biden Madness, which led to, to Donald Trump's impeachment. I'm gonna serve you a little reminder here. This is a New York Post video, right? It's these a hat tip New York post. This is a recorded phone call between Joe Biden, Joe Biden, and Petro Poroshenko, who was the president of Ukraine before Zelensky from 2014 to 2019.


I want you to listen about how afraid Joe Biden is, how he's lobbying Poroshenko to basically make this thing go away and he'll sign this billion dollar IMF aid package. If Poroshenko makes it go away, they may say, well, this was Chenko, not Zelensky. Folks. Zelensky knows about all of this. You think he's unaware of what his government was up to with Joe Biden before. And I want you to listen to the part where Chenko says clearly, well, it's a little bit of an accent, but clearly, I mean that he doesn't have any negative information, but he'll fire the people looking into this stuff. Anyway, to protect Joe Biden. Zelinsky knows this. It's gonna lead to my next story about Zelensky in a second.


So, but check this out first, Assuming that there is a new government and a a new prosecutor general, I am prepared to do a public signing of the commitment for the billion dollars. And despite of the fact that we didn't have any corruption charges, we don't have any information about this. He doing something wrong. I especially ask him, no, it was day before yesterday.


I especially ask him to resign. Congratulations on installing the new prosecutor General. It's gonna be critical for him to work quickly to repair the damage choking did, and I'm a man of my word I. And that now that new prosecutor general's in place, we're ready to move forward in signing that new $1 billion loan guarantee. Folks, I, I know many of you, especially the P ones have heard this before, but you can't hear this enough again, hat tip New York post, two things happen in this phone call.


Biden again is celebrating that a prosecutor in Ukraine looking into Biden family corruption in conjunction with Ukrainian officials, that the official got fired, the president at the time, Poroshenko clearly says I specifically, or he says especially, I think he meant specifically, he says, I specially asked him to resign even though I had no evidence of corruption. You just heard it. No one disputes the authenticity of the tape. This is the famous son of a bee thing. Well I had him fired, son of a bee. I had him fired. The guy was looking into Biden's family and they had him fired despite no evidence of corruption.


What does that have to do with today, sir? And what's got me all fired up this morning? You know, we don't cover a ton of foreign affairs on the show, but I'm telling you, man, this has me really pissed off. I've been writing about this forever. I'm telling you, the whole first chapter of my follow the money book is about the Ukrainian piggy bank. How people have been using this place for years and Ukraine could clean it up if they would just clean up their own government and they don't wanna do it. Zelensky knows all of this. That is what Trump was talking about and he didn't clear it up. This geopolitics thing is complicated.


That's why this got this, this got me really riled up this morning. Daily mail. This is from just this morning Zelensky condemns Trump. Really? Hold on, leave that up there for a minute. Listen man, I'm sorry, but this guy has got to be one of the worst international negotiators I have ever seen. As you saw from the true social post Donald Trump, the United States government President Biden, before the American people have been bankrolling a significant chunk of the Ukrainian defense effort. And you're condemning our president. We picked Zelensky, condemns Trump.


Ukrainian leader says the US president is in a disinformation bubble. He's not in a disinformation bubble. You guys helped create it. The disinformation was he was impeached over a quid pro quo that never happened and you knew about it. He's in a disinformation bubble. They say demanding 500 billion in minerals is not a serious conversation and says Donald Trump has helped Putin. Really? How exactly is he helped Putin? He's giving you the Ukrainian government, hundreds of billions of dollars. All he's asking is, we're $30 trillion in debt. If we are going to help you stave off annihilation by the Russians with our money that we're already in debt, then there should be some path to making this whole.


So I've got an idea. You guys have rare earth minerals in Ukraine that we need. It's insensitive territory by the way, that this is another, you're not really hearing this angle anywhere else. The rare earth minerals are insensitive parts of Ukraine that the Russians are gonna want this deal only. This is a, I hate the term win-win 'cause it's so stupid and juvenile, but this is a win-win, win, win win. We get paid back for some of, for the massive amounts of money we're spending in Ukraine. We get rare earth minerals we need here desperately because China's gonna be getting ready to shut us down and it's on land that the Russians could and want to take over.


They're not gonna take it over if they're our rare earth minerals. 'cause they know they'd be toying with us of, but so what does Alinsky do? He quote condemns Trump and he's in a disinformation bubble. You know, I am not an anti Ukrainian war effort guy. I got an open mind on all this. Just, I only ask this. Tell me how it benefits the United States. Make a compelling case. Give me an exit ramp about what our battle plan is and what it looks like when we win. And I'm open to hearing it, but I'm telling the Ukrainian government that supports Zelensky and Zelensky himself. This is the biggest podcast out there. This is not a small operation. You're making a huge mistake.


This is not the way to handle this. Donald Trump's helping Putin really? Are we back now to the collusion thing and why don't you come clean about the Chenko tapes and all this other stuff and finally clear up that the impeachment thing was a hoax. I told you when I opened up the show, there were a lot of people in the United States who were starting to realize there's a couple op-eds even in the Wall Street Journal, that Donald Trump is simply saying out loud what Joe Biden was too cowardly too, too cowardly. Wouldn't say out loud before, but was doing anyway. That there is no way at this point that this war is going to end with everybody being happy.


It is the nature of human violence. It is sad, it is horrifying. There is no way that this ends with everybody throwing a McDonald's birthday party at the end. Okay? It's not gonna happen. Sorry, I was just a little fired up about that. And, and, and one more thing about that, that New York post the audio clip. Notice how the Ukrainian lawmaker who gave the tapes to Rudy Giuliani, instead of the press scrutinizing the tapes outside of the new New York Post, did a gr, which did a great job. Who did they attack? Rudy Giuliani. They don't want you to know anything about Ukraine. Zelensky the piggy bank. 'cause a lot of them benefited from it.


I'm telling you, just read the book. Just read the first, get it from the library. I don't care. It doesn't matter to me. It's been out forever. Please follow the money. Read the Ukraine chapter. I need you to, I need you to understand what happened there with Soros, with the FBI, the Open societies found that Ant ac, Daria Lanio, all of them. Once you understand how they all interacted, this whole thing makes sense. You'll see why Trump is so aggravated at what's going on in Ukraine. Alright, I got a, I made a point to you the other day about the conservative ecosystem I was talking about my Twitter buddy, Chicago Ray.


There's others out there that I've never met. I don't never even seen their faces. But the conservative ecosystem is all about helping each other out. The liberals aren't, did remember me saying that the other day. You wanna hear a Democrat, Jen Psaki of all people, confirm it. I'll play that for you coming up next. That's the difference between us and them. Some good news opening up the show.


How well do you sleep at night? Peace of mind can come from knowing your family's prepared for anything. Do what I do. Shop my Patriot Supply and get their bestselling three month emergency food kit. Folks. I have one for every member of my family. You should too. It's not typical survival food. Each kid has 2000 calories per for each day and a hundred percent of the recommended value of 12 vitamins and minerals for 90 days. The meals are delicious. Chicken, beef, fruit, veggies keep you alive and strong in a crisis. If you're waiting for the government in a crisis, you're outta luck. The meals last up to 25 years in storage. They taste great. The pandemic taught us how to quickly store how quickly store shelves can empty out. Remember that. Don't wait for the next crisis. See this crazy story about it, asteroid today in 10 years, hopefully I get through. I don't want anybody to panic. So, but seriously, you gotta be prepared. You never know an emergency happens and you don't wanna starve to death, right? Patriot Supply My Patriot supply free shipping and a disaster replacement warranty. And a 24 7 US based support awaits you. Order today, specialist accounts available for limited time only to go to my patriot supply.com. Now, help secure your family's future with a $100 discount. If you order by 3:00 PM they'll ship you your orders same day. So you'll have peace of mind right away. The website's, my patriot supply.com, again, my patriot supply.com. Do it today. I get prepared.


So I made the point the other day, and again, I don't wanna ever waste your time here, but this is a serious thing and you guys should pat yourself on the back. One thing about the conservative information ecosystem X true social, you get it Rumble, YouTube, you know, I'm just talking about how information passes around and we pick it up. You may watch a YouTube channel, rumble channel, you may follow me on x, retweet my stuff, I retweet yours. We have, we we're, I I I don't wanna make it like a moral thing. Like we're just better good people. We're just smarter with the messaging. We have democratized information exchange better than the left. And there's a reason for it. It's my cannibalism theory. The left is in love with power and they see power as a zero sum game.


The left, I don't wanna get too deep into this, but if, in other words, if a Vita's show, if me and Avita were lefties, she's sitting right over there. If me and Avita were big lefties, right? The lefties see power as zero sum. So a vita's success, I would see it as taking it from me. So I wouldn't promote Aida's stomach like, wow man, that'd be hard. But I never thought she'd be that successful. Maybe she's taken some people from me. Conservatives don't do that. Conservatives see this as not a zero sum game, but as additive. Like wow, Aida's gonna bring in maybe some younger listeners for me. She covers different issues. And then, you know what? Maybe I promote her stuff and she takes some Bonino Army folks over on our side. It's an additive positive externality game.


I mentioned Chicago Ray, you got Insurrection Barbie, you've got all these great accounts. Maze Moore, Western Lensman, I've, gosh I'm, forgive me if I'm not Jeff Carlson. There's a thousand people on XI could tell you for 10,000 who are really good and it only does the movement good for us to cross promote people stuff. That's why we're always, that's why we make such a big deal out of hat tipping people. The left don't see it that way. Watch Jen Psaki on on this John Stewart segment here. Talk about exactly this. She knows it. Check this out. Look, they're kicking progressive ass right now. And if, if progressives don't organize their, their media, their think tanks and all that, it's going to continue to happen.


It's chaos. Well I will say, broadly speaking, yes. What Democrat, what? I'm not gonna say Democrats. I'm gonna say people on the left do not do that. The right does very well is support within the system each other. I'm serious. Like, and what I mean by this is this, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Theo Vaughn appears on Joe Rogan's show, right? He promotes what Joe Rogan's doing. But they all promote all of the things each other are doing and what the elected officials I guess are doing too. And the left is a little bit le more kind of discombobulated in terms of supporting the different entities on the left. There is not a a left ecosystem that matches the right ecosystem.


Yeah. And she's correct. This is one of the first things Peppermint Patty said in a long time. That's actually accurate. And you guys should be very proud of yourself for this. This is kind of a celebratory moment. Not meant to be some kind of educational thing. It's just meant to reward really, really good behavior. So we keep doing it. Me included this reminds me that what we do is different. We don't see the success of Western Lensman or Maze Moore is taking away from my Twitter, keep doing it. This is how you win elections. But more importantly, listen, it's how you win over people's minds. The democratization of information. The left can't do it. They see everything as power, power, power.


This takes from me, takes from me. That's why they're so miserable all the time. We're a bunch of happy warriors. Look at you guys in the chat. We got the mc groin crew. We're always trying to celebrate stuff. So thank you. Alright, moving on. 'cause I gotta get to some more really substantive stuff folks. One of the things I pride myself on in this show is debunking stupid left wing narrative so that you have the material to go forward and in the educational part of the edutainment thing, educate your silly liberal friends sometimes about their dopey narratives. And I gotta tell you one narrative over the last few days that is driving me bananas is the Eric Adams case up in New York. Just a quick brief, here's an abstract on it for those of you don't know, most of you do, but Eric Adams is the mayor of New York.


Not a particularly big fan of the guy. I think you know that we were cops at the same time in New York, but that's a long story. I'm the spreadsheets guy. I don't get emotional. He's been a plus one on some issues lately and negative on a whole lot others. You get the point. Eric Adams was under investigation by the Justice Department, the United States Justice Department, obviously for what appeared to be some acts of corruption, kind of quid pro quos while we're on the topic, right? The Justice Department thought it was a we case and needed Eric Adams and as the mayor of New York City, a very important guy, they need him to clean up New York City 'cause they've got a really bad public safety situation with illegal immigration.


So it was, I'm sitting here watching this and have you seen the liberals meltdown on this? You can't do these deals and offers with the Justice Department to, to, you know, to meet public safety ends and all this stuff like that. That never happens. And I'm like, do we have any cops in the chat or feds? You know, you don't have to out yourselves, I get it. I understand, but, and we, we probably do. If you feel comfortable and you have an anonymous thing, go right ahead. Contrary to what people say, we, we, we love anonymity. We just don't like deep staters pretending to be us. Right? We love it. Cops and feds out there. You're probably laughing right now, correct? 'cause you know where I'm going with this. Freaking deals are cut all the time by the federal government, the Justice Department for political reasons too.


Are you crazy? Did you miss something? So I decided to show you Democrats again, how crazy you are. Can't cut a deal with Eric Adams. Really? Then how come Obama was cutting deals with banks to let them off the hook for civil and criminal investigations as long as the banks did what Obama wanted. Oh, so it's cool with Obama, but it's just not cool when Trump does it. So again, you are just making it up here. Watch yourself Under the terms of this settlement. America's biggest banks, banks that were rescued by taxpayer dollars will be required to right these wrongs.


And that means more than just paying a fee, these banks will put billions of dollars towards relief for families across the nation. They'll provide refinancing for borrowers that are stuck in a high interest rate. Mortgages. They'll reduce loans for families who owe more on their homes than their worth. And they will deliver some measure of justice for families that have already been victims of abusive practices. Thank you, Sarge. Three, seven. Seven six. He says retired fed Leo stands for law enforcement officer. Damn right. Thank you, Sarge. Listen to the feds in my chat right now. And, and the police officers, they're, they're good guys.


These are good, decent people who busted their ass, put their lives on the line and forced 'em. The law folks, this stuff happens all the time. You just listen to Obama say, Hey banks, we won't prosecute you, but here's what you're gonna do. You're gonna give a bunch of money to a bunch of left wing groups out there. The the left, not only did they have no problem with that, they loved it. The Justice Department, Eric Adams case is far less awful than that. They don't think it's a great case to begin with. So you don't prosecute a case that you don't think is, is, is open and shut at this point, especially with such a serious outcome before an election in a primary and second, they need something from the mayor.


Make the United States safe. This happens all the time. Gosh, these arguments, can you left these just get better at this. This, I gotta tell you, you can almost make my show boring. It's so easy with you idiots. Nobody ever cuts deals in the federal government. Have you guys? Alright chats. I need you again, folks in the chat. I can't call you a chatr. Some guy says he hates it. So I, I love my audience, right? Folks in the chat, there's actually a thing called a cooperation agreement in the federal government where bad guys agree to cooperate and do stuff for the Justice Department. You can look it up.


It's called a cooperation agreement. There were 5K letters and all kinds. You really wanna get into it back and it just look it up yourself. It's so easy. Now you see why the Democrat party is committing suicide right in front of your eyes. Don't take my word for it. There was a Democrat, I believe it was CNBC, this guy Alex Karp talking about the exact same thing, folks. They will not get it together because they can't stay tuned. Last break, I got that. I got another Steven Miller clip because this is just, I'm, I'm just having too much fun with his hits on CNN. Just undressing all their stupid


arguments. Hey, are you a yo-yo diet? Or you know, your diet lose weight, but then you gain it all back and then a few extra pounds, then you lose it, you regain it all over again. It's dangerous. You can increase your risk of a heart attack stroke, and it's really unhealthy. Type two diabetes cause other health problems as well. Break free of that diet pattern. Use what I used, folks. I lost 30 pounds on this product. I don't have to take my word for it. Just go back and look at my shows from a year ago. You'll see my face a little rounder. I was getting way too big and it wasn't muscle and I didn't like it. My joints started to hurt. So I called up miles at BrickHouse Nutrition. I said, you guys got something in the pipeline. He said, brother, you gotta try. Lean the science behind. It's impressive. The studied ingredients target weight loss in three powerful ways. It helps you maintain healthy blood, sugar control, appetite and cravings, and it helps burn fat by converting it into energy. Really simple. If you're tired of losing weight and gaining it back, and you wanna lose meaningful weight at a healthy pace, which is what I did, which is what I did Lean was created for you. Let me get you started with 20% off when you use Code Dan 20 at BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan. That's code Dan 22 at BrickHouse Nutrition dot com slash dan. Statements of products have not been evaluated by the fda. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease. They're not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider. Try it work for me


and our last sponsor today. You know, I love Life Hacks. I'm all about it. Bone charge, B-O-N-C-H-A-R-G-E. They have an infrared sauna blanket and a red light face mask. Ever since they sent them to me and Paula, I really can't recommend them highly enough. I've been using it every night. It really helps me sleep. It's great for your skin, it's great for collagen production. The sauna blanket helps with muscle recovery and detoxification. It's easy to use. You just wrap yourself up and let the infrared heat work its magic. I've noticed an incredible difference in how my joints feel. I have really bad arthritis in how relaxed and rejuvenated helps me sleep like you wouldn't believe. The red light face mask is also incredibly impressive. Paula uses it every single night. Just look at my Instagram photos. I don't even want to tell you how old she's, she might kill me, but it doesn't matter. You're gonna think she's dirty anyway, so we'll stick with that. Why She uses the red light face mask. It's like a mini spot home. You think of trying 'em out, you're in luck. Head to bone charge.com/bonino. Use code bonino at checkout to get 15% off. Both of these products have made an incredible impact on our wellness routine. You're gonna love 'em. Use Code BONINO at B-O-N-C-H-A-R-G bone charge.com/bonino and save 15%. Check 'em out. These statements of products have not been evaluated by the FDA to not attend, diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition. Thank you. Bone charge.


Here's what I mean. I was talking before about that Jen Psaki segment. How we are the media now. We have just gotten really good at this cross-promoting, pumping up X accounts. We like feeding off other people's content and then using it in your show and then sending people back to the Maze Moore account and then sending them to Western Lensman. This only works for all of us. This is how we start a movement change is, you know, change can be turned around, can change, can change. Back movements are different movements. Donald Trump has started a movement, but Donald Trump has started a movement 'cause of the buy-in by us. We are the media now and it's really starting to freak out. People on the left, and we're starting to realize that their own movement are cannibalistic.


They eat themselves alive and they get lost in emotion rather than results. Check this clip out. What I don't like about what's going on is I just view this as well, let's watch the Democratic Party commit suicide and like I've been a democrat most of my life. I would still, I kind of view myself as outside it, but I don't like watching the Democrats just commit suicide. And what I see is most of the country doesn't really at this point, given the fraud, waste and abuse we know is there. 90% of the country's like get rid of that fraud, waste and abuse. And I, I just view this as yet another example of the progressive left boxing themselves in into a suicide dance.


Now, if you, what, what the progressive left should be doing is saying, okay, Elon, you're clearly the most qualified person in the world to do something like this. We want to dialogue with you about how you're doing and what are you doing, Folks? This thing goes on. These guys that you, you're seeing now, this is what kind of concerns me in a way. I I, I almost don't even put that clip up in, in kind of a celebratory manner. We should be right. The Democrats are recognizing they've got a problem and they've been on the wrong side of the political argument for a long time. Now, I don't say that because Democrats being on the wrong side of the argument has really assisted us in winning over hearts and minds.


But I'm gonna warn you in advance, like there are people in the party and not just a few now who are starting to figure this out, however, have no fear. The lunatics are still running the asylum. Here is CNN Again, I want you to watch this. This is Stephen Miller on CNNI. I'm, I'm trying to show you again how they cannot get past the emotion of we hate Elon. We hate Donald Trump. You've got people like this telling them it is popular. It is almost universally popular to clean up government waste and fraud. You are on the wrong side of it. And they're still trying to find ways to attack this effort. And Steven Miller says, Hey, listen, aren't why aren't you guys celebrating this stuff?


I don't understand the answer is because they hate it. They're lost in emotion, not results. Watch this. The interest payments on the debt exceed the national defense budget. The American people are exhausted and tired of watching their tax dollars be corruptly spent, abused, wasted, and in every sense robbed and stolen from them. This president, for the first time in history, is committed to restoring accountability at every level of the federal government. You may assert there's no waste in the Pentagon. You may assert there's no waste in treasury. Steven, I I'm not asserting may There's any Assert that Steven, Steven, I don't think anyone. Then why are you not celebrating these cuts? If you agree, there is waste.


If you agree there is abuse, if you agree there is corruption, why are you not celebrating the cuts, the reforms that are being instituted every day that no action is taken? The entire Steven, let's Calm down salaries of American workers that are taxed, disappear forever. Steven, let's calm down. This is not, you're not, this is, we're not having a debate. There's no reason About whether there are places. Well, you're clearly trying to debate me and I, I will be as excited as I want to be about the fact that we are saving Americans billions of dollars, that we are ending the theft and waste and grift and corruption, that we are stopping American taxpayer dollars from subsidizing a rogue federal bureaucracy that has been relentlessly weaponized against the American people.


Okay? You may not not care about this issue. I'm not Talking about your colleagues do not care about this issue, but we care about this issue. The American, I understand that people care about this issue. They Also care about privacy. And the American public overwhelmingly supports what P Trump is doing. Folks, this is The Dan Bongino Show your ass theory of liberal media people. I want you to understand whether it's the opening, the opening segment there with Breonna Keeler or this one on CNN. C. NN and M-S-N-B-C are not acting logically with reason or using rationality. They simply hate Donald Trump. Donald Trump teams up with Elon. Therefore, by proxy, they hate Elon. They're not acting rationally.


It's don't ask me, why are they doing this? It's popular to cut government waste. They're gonna destroy their party party. I just played for you. The Democrats saying they're destroying their party. There's gonna be a couple of people in the party like this guy before I played, saying they're committing suicide, who are gonna see what's going on, but it's gonna take a long time. That's why I'm telling you, we're in the golden age. We have about two years to really fix this government before the Democrats get over the emotions of we hate these guys. Every single argument they're making is ridiculous. Breonna, keer or whatever those, you know, oh, I wanna clean up government waste and fix it. Okay, we're cleaning up government waste. Why aren't you celebrating this? Because we really hate Elon. Here's part two of this. No, I want you to notice something here.


She pulls this little trick here. She drops a a huge L on this argument about IRS privacy and government employees that those are, they creeping, peeking in on your information. She drops a huge L on it on the first part. So she switches it to a privacy argument. Privacy argument. The left wing didn't care about privacy. When Lois Lerner and the IRS were holed up in front of Congress for using your IRS data to target the tea party, the left defended it to the death. Everything they tell you is crap. Just like the DOJ argument. The DOJ never cuts deals with Eric Adams. I just played for you, Obama cutting the deal. But watch her change the argument to a privacy argument when she gets smoked on the open.


Here, check this out. Will Doge employees be able to access individual taxpayer ID numbers and social security numbers? No, but also keep in mind, you keep talking. Well, will they be able to access taxpayer bank account information? They will not be able to access anything that any other appropriately authorized federal employee could access. When you keep talking about quote Doge employees, you're just talking about federal workers. You're just literally talking about federal workers. You see how she tries to switch the argument? So now she's not concerned about waste anymore. She loses the waste argument.


So now she goes to, oh, it's all about privacy and IRS data. We're really concerned about that really because when there was a massive scandal not that long ago where the Obama IRS was targeting and had to publicly apologize for targeting conservatives and tea party people by accessing their data. And by the way, corrupting data and deleting IRS emails about what they did, the left defended this to the death, they'll defend it to this day. These people are liars and frauds. It is your job, the democratization of information to spread this stuff around the conservative ecosystem. I want you to watch this fox segment about Lois Lerner who was running the IRS at the time when they were ex, they were exchanging emails about how to target conservatives.


The emails disappeared. I want you to notice how she pleads the fifth. They were so interested in information on the left that they celebrated her pleading the fifth and not telling you anything. Check this out. Top Republicans are asking the DOJ to take a fresh look at evidence against Lois Lerner, the former IRS employee accused in 2013 of targeting tea party groups over their political views. Lerner called to testify to Congress, but Pleaded the fifth have not done anything wrong. I have not broken any laws. One of the basic functions of the Fifth Amendment is to protect innocent individuals. And that is the protection I'm invoking today In 2015, president Obama's, DOJ refusing to file criminal charges, then Lerner resigned.


Notice what she does there too. She first tells you how she's innocent and then says, oh, and I plead the fifth. I'm not gonna say anything. I'm gonna invoke the Fifth Amendment, but I'm gonna say something first. Where were all the left wingers back then talking about, well, listen, these are government employees accessing our data, using our data to target us politically. Where Well, the answer is they weren't there because they're full of shit. That's why nothing they're telling you is true. They don't care about privacy. Matter of fact, I'm gonna show you how corrupted this system is. This is a federal judge he's on with a host of this show here. And this federal judge is asked about Lois Lerner.


I want you to watch or listen to in about a minute here, the hoops this guy jumps through to try and defend the IRS deleting emails, corrupting your data. What they accused doge of doing, they did themselves. What it Tucker always said, whatever the left accuses you of doing they're doing, I want you to watch this judge, his name may sound familiar, Reinhardt, right? Jump through hoops to defend the leading emails. Meanwhile, nothing's even happened with the Doge selling your data or corrupting your data or anything. And they've already jumped through hoops to convict them that they're guilty. Check this Out. Someone in the administration admits that the destruction of two years of emails from Lois Lerner is fishy to you.


Does this pass the smell test? Yeah. Unfortunately, having been in government a long time, the fact that, well, lemme put it this way. Incompetence doesn't necessarily lead to criminality. So, And which, which, which added those, those two scenarios right there seems more likely to you at this point. Within the IRS probably incompetence. The IRS has one of the most antiquated computer systems in the world. And the fact that emails could have disappeared without Ms. Lerner knowing about it or Ms. Lerner being involved is entirely credible to me. And that I'm sure will be her explanation is that she was a very high level person in the department. When the subpoena came in from Congress, it was delegated down to people who did this for a living. They were instructed to find everything. Information came back up to her that said, this is what we have.


She reported what she was told. And it turns out not to be true, but that's not a crime. If she didn't know it wasn't true, that's not a crime. And that's gonna probably be where her defense lies. And one of the problems with that might be the fact that there have been some new emails surfacing that Lerner apparently warned some of her colleagues about that. You, I maybe, maybe you've seen those emails. Would that, and we have one on the screen here. I was questioning folks about emails and how we can ha have we had several occasions where Congress has asked for emails. Now this is, was this getting back to what you were, you were mentioning at the very onset of this interview where you have maybe this is a smoking gun that proves there was some sort of conspiracy here. Possibly. It depends again, how one reads that email. It's, it could be read one way to say that destroy what we already have, which would of course be criminal or it could be construed to say, going forward, recognize that Congress may ask for our emails.


So be careful what you put in writing. 'cause I think at the end of the day, what originally happened here is probably not a crime. And to the extent there's concerns about the non-production of the emails, I think she has enough insulation between her and those production issues that barring some other real smoking gun, I don't see it fact, They never see it because they don't wanna see it. Yet with the Doge, they, you, you get the lens, the distorted lens with the Doge when it comes to shrinking government, they see corruption everywhere. It's like the sixth sense that movie actually, that people, right, they see it everywhere. They don't have any actual evidence. Breonna Keeler, CNN, none of 'em, Rachel Maddow, they have no evidence of any corruption at all, but they see it.


But yet, when corruption's in front of your face, the IRS actually apologized for targeting the Tea Party, deleted emails and used your data to target you. They don't see it anywhere. I've never seen a clearer example of the schemes and scams, the left polls in the messaging wars than this. The Doge versus Lois Lerner in the IRS, Tim Bertin's great congressman from Tennessee. He was on c nnn yesterday and this was a great hit. He's talking about exactly this, again, this whole IRS argument that the Doge is somehow sneaking around your tax returns, folks. Tax returns.


I mean, they have already, the, the tax returns were leaked. You had Donald Trump's tax returns lease. The IRS has no, he had the guy who was just convicted of stealing all this data. OPM, the Office of Personnel Management as, or as data has been stolen by the Chinese Communist Party. I mean, the government employees have a near 10, 20 year history. Now, not all, but sadly, some of leaking or engaging in shady data practices that have led to the government getting hacked and information stolen. Elon's companies don't have any history of that. So I'll take his guys, sign him up for the government job. Say, use your expertise to clean this up.


Here's Bertin on CNN. Hey, this is like, this is a entire, this is a canard, this whole thing. Check this out. You'll see what I mean. What Information do you actually have on what Doge is doing with that data? What are your questions? What do you wanna know? Certainly as a member of the oversight, you have some questions. Well, first of all, Elon Musk, when he, when he owned PayPal, they've never had a breach of security. IRS is, is is a nightmare, ma'am, you have, you have folks that haven't, still haven't gone back to work three year, four years after Covid as a United States congressman. I can write a letter of concern over a constituent of mine having problem with the IRS and it takes up to six months for me to go a response.


Look, I'm not saying there's no problem with government Agencies or the IS so hold on. You asked me a question. You asked me a question, but you're not answering it. The IRS has had, well, the IS has hundreds of different groups that, that have access to this stuff, and yet no one's complained about that. Here's another host on, on the same as that. Pamela Brown, I don't even know, I, it doesn't even matter. They all blend in at some point. Well, they all spout the same stupid talking points. She asked him a question about the IRS inefficiencies, the doge and access. He's answering the question of how, how inefficient data exchange is with the IRS that he can't even get answers for constituents. And her response is, well, I'm not saying there's no problem.


Yes, you are saying that you, you don't wanna hear about the problems. He's telling you the problems and you're ignoring it. Folks, we are the media. Now remember that Jen Psaki clip, that's a keeper. It's one, maybe one of the, the only true things she's ever said. We are the media now because we share, because we're not mercenary and we're not selfish. The show's not about Dan Bonino. I've said it a thousand times and I back it up by action. We cite stuff. We had tip people because it is my job to be an activist first and a host second. It's so good to have a conservative show with a country that's been taken over by a bunch of communists. Can we all agree? And thankfully the Mark Levins of the world, Hannity and the other friends of mine see it the same way.


I got my start with people like that. Glenn Beck, all of them. They helped me out when I need it. We are different. And I need you now too. 'cause I need you to again debunk some more leftist crap out there right now as they try to eviscerate the Trump administration folks. President Trump and Secretary Duffy have been working overnight, ridiculously long hours. I know this for a fact. To try to fix the train wreck pothole, mayor Pete, this life loser left behind at the Department of Transportation folks, it is a train wreck. Our infrastructure's fallen apart. The interstate highway systems a mess.


Our airports are from the freaking Flintstones. The FAA air traffic control system is is something out of like close encounters of the third kind. No one even knows what the hell if it even works anymore. We've got staffing issues. You had DEI infecting the whole place. It's a train wreck. The secretary's been in there, I don't know, three weeks, four weeks. Hey, I'll add a few weeks for him. Say he is been in there six weeks. The place is a mess. It's gonna take a while to clean up. So of course leave it up to the lefties to double down on an air traffic accident that happened in Canada that has nothing to do with the United States.


FAA Secretary Duff of your Trump, leave it up to them to try and put the blood on Donald Trump's hands. 'cause this is what they do here. Listen to Donna Bash on CNN. They can't stop folks. They can't check this out. This Is happening against the backdrop of massive cuts across the federal government, including at the FAA. Just gonna put some up on the screen. Hundreds of FAA employees have been laid off as part of Elon Musk going through all the federal agencies and then beyond the FAA, we have 10% of the CDC workforce, 3,400 at the US Forest Service, 2200 and at the interior department, 2000 at the Department of Energy, a thousand at the va.


Okay, so what do we do on this show? We do facts. Very false. It's really crazy. Wait, what is that? That's, that's pretty. We do facts. So Dana Bash, of course, total Life Loser Honor show is eager to pin a deadly, tragic accident on the new secretary in the president of the United States. Of course, there's no actual evidence, just like they don't have evidence of anything we've showed you during the show. Matter of fact, we have counter evidence 'cause we produce receipts. She puts up a chart showing that what about 10,000 people have been let go from the government and she knows FAA people too. Now notice what she leaves out. It's a lie by omission that none of those people are actually air traffic controllers.


And the accident was in Toronto, which last time I checked was in Canada, which is not yet the 51st state. They are a separate country. Okay? I I, I mean I'm not great at geography, but I'm pretty sure it's right north of us that d it doesn't matter. Oh, thank you. Here's a chart. Hundreds of FAA employees, none of 'em were, none of 'em are safety people either. None of them. So I just thought like, you know, facts kind of matter here. So she's talking about like 10,000 people. How many people work in the federal government? So Michael, I did this crazy thing. You know what I put in a search engine? What do you think? Question I put in there, how many people work? How did you know that This guy's so smart.


He's like a math major. I actually put in a search engine. How many people work for the federal government? And it's crazy. A website called USA Facts. How many people work for the federal government? Around 3 million. So the federal government is so sensitive to personnel exchange. By the way, more people resign every year than is up on down Bassett's chart. The federal government is so sensitive and fragile that out of a bloated 3 million person workforce, when 10,000 people go and a hundred or so people who are new and yet and weren't even safety people, the whole government's gonna collapse. Wow, it's good to know.


I'm not sure you're making the argument you think you are, but leave it to left wing lunatics to engage in meltdowns. Ridiculous anti-Trump hyperbole. You wanna see the show? You asked Theory and action where Dana Bash has to say something dumb, making this ridiculous, alluding to the fact that, oh, these layoffs, they may have something to do with a plane crash in Canada, which only a moron would believe. So what the show your ass theory is, other liberals have to say something even crazier to get attention here is Brian Tyler Cohen. I, I've never seen this guy Joe, but he we're gonna make him famous. Now here's Brian. Tyler Cohen just having a meltdown. He needs to see a psychotherapist again trying to blame this on Donald Trump.


Of course, mayor Pete and him have nothing to do with it, despite having been in charge for the last four years. Check this out. The Reality is that Trump ran through a bunch of unqualified nominees to lead departments that they were incapable of leading, and this is what happens as a result. This right here is the consequence. Donald Trump owns all of this. Elon Musk owns all of this, and all of these spineless Republican senators who greenlit Sean Duffy own all of this. These people are such fucking cowards that they felt it was more important to kowtow, to Daddy Trump than actually take their advice and consent role seriously. And now we can barely go a day without a plane crashing somewhere in this country. Folks, this is why that guy, Alex Karp, that CNBC segment I showed in the beginning who says, Hey, I'm a democrat at this party's committing suicide.


It is to show your ass theory in action. They don't care what they're saying is ridiculous. Secretary Duffy and Donald Trump have nothing to do with a plane crash in Canada. Okay, that looks like it could have been potentially error or it have nothing to do with it. It doesn't matter. You have to say increasingly crazier things to get attention like this one too. Here's Jen Rubin commentator at the Washington Post when she resigned. I don't even know. You wanna talk about someone who constantly has to one up the crazy. I want you to listen to her and George Conway another. That's a whole other story on a panel talking about how Trump voters implying that you Ladies and gentlemen out there, that you can't even read.


Do you doubt me? Listen to yourself. Check this out. Okay. Why would a B, C, Disney, the mouse who has more money than God settle with Donald Trump? I honestly don't know. You know, I have asked why would a B, C, but people ask me all the time, why is the media so maam? And there are two explanations. One is they are convinced that if they would just move a little bit to the right, all those MAGA readers out there, now you'll notice the contradiction in terms MAGA readers would pick up the Washington Post and they would have more readers.


What is the logical fallacy here? Yes, reader Notice everybody in the audience laughs too. They think it's hilarious. No one corrects her and says, Hey Jen, we just lost in a landslide every single swing state, despite not having the media, academia, the sports world CEOs, boards, we have none of it. We, I mean, excuse me, we have all the left, the, the, the, the MAGA crowd has none of it and we just lost. Maybe it's us. Nobody. They think it's hilarious. This is the show your ass theory in action. They will keep doing this. It's the only way to get attention is to say increasingly crazy stuff.


They can't stop and they won't. That's why we have two years. It's time to move and move fast. Folks, thanks so much for tuning in. Please help support us over at Rumble. We deeply appreciated Chris. The CEO Rumble is fighting a good fight, folks. He is now suing another country over free speech as they tried to attack one of our creators. Please support Rumble. They support you rumble.com/bonino as we you can find the show every day. Live at 11:00 AM on demand. Anytime. Please give us a follow, hit that subscribe button, it is free, and give us a follow on Apple Podcast and Spotify as well. We really, really deeply appreciate it. Thank you so much for tuning in. See you on the radio show here in Rumble. A little bit back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM See you then.


You just heard the Dan Bond Gino show.