
Welcome to VINCE Cory Booker goes over 24 hours without peeing. That's the real amazing thing he did this week. Also, we've got big results from Wisconsin. What do they mean? What do we learn from all of this? I'm gonna dive into that. The great Chris Bedford is stopping by here on the program. And of course, as always, I'll talk to you in the Rumble chat. Love having your comments on everything going on in the country. I wanna get your reactions, start piling them up. Let me know what do you think happened yesterday during the April Fools Day elections? My deep dive into that in just a moment. So glad to have you with us. As always, lemme first say this, I want, I wanna thank our sponsors who make this great show free. It's, it's really amazing, and they're wonderful, and you've seen it before.


When disaster strikes grocery store shelves can go empty overnight. The worst time to prepare is during the aftermath. And honestly, it might already be too late. Smart Americans trust My Patriot Supply to help them prepare before crisis comes. And right now they're making it easier than ever. Order their four week emergency food supply today and get a 72 hour food kit completely free. Actually, forget that. How about get 4 72 hour food kits completely free? That's almost two weeks of bonus meals at no cost. Each of these, My Patriot Supply kits, offers over 2000 calories per day of delicious, easy to prepare meals that last up to 25 years. That's real peace of mind. No last minute panic, no empty shelves. Just knowing you're covered. Stock up today before this deal disappears because when an emergency hits food could be the first thing to go, go to prepare with VINCE dot com to claim your kit, plus an extra 12 days of food for free, almost two weeks of bonus meals at no cost. Once again, that's prepare with VINCE dot com to claim your kit, plus an extra 12 days of food absolutely free. Prepare with VINCE dot com.


All right, April Fool's Day, elections yesterday, special special elections in both Florida and Wisconsin. You and I have been talking about this in depth over the course of the past week, and I'm getting some reactions pouring in, including Dki 21 saying, VINCE is in the T-shirt size sched. Thank you for that election analysis. D oh, it's Diego. I should have said that. Diego Dki. I don't even know. Anyway, thank you for that. So what is going on in Wisconsin? Wisconsin voted for voter id. So that's one good thing, said Armageddon. That's right. So let's just start with some of the good news here in Wisconsin. The voters in that state voted overwhelmingly yesterday to say, yes, we love voter id.


We love it so much. We want it enshrined in the state constitution. Now, this is an important thing because Wisconsin already had voter ID as a part of its law. But the challenge in Wisconsin is that the lefty Supreme Court there, which has been in power and is now retaining power more on that in a moment, has been threatening to unseat voter ID to make it more vulnerable to voter fraud in the state. The voters there saying, we don't want it to be more vulnerable to voter fraud. And so they've enshrined it in the state constitution. They've added one further barrier to that radical Supreme Court tearing up election integrity in the state. That is a massive, massive win. And you should, we should acknowledge that. We should take it for what it is simultaneously in Florida, those two Republican seats in Congress, while they're still Republican, so they're not pickups, they're retentions.


But in both of those cases, the Republican candidates winning in those special elections in Florida to replace both Matt Gaetz and Mike Waltz. So, again, I'll take it, those are victories. I'm happy to have them. But the Wisconsin Supreme Court race yesterday didn't go our way. It didn't, Brad Shimel lost to Susan Crawford And it wasn't a close race. This wasn't a, this wasn't like a narrow little race. It was a 10 point loss. Susan Crawford ending as of this morning with 55% of the vote to Brad Shimmel, 45% of the vote. It's not close. It's not close.


So What happened here? Well, let's unwind the election a little bit for one. Let's look at voter turnout. One thing that we've been discussing that you should definitely know by now, you saw it happen in 2024, that if Republicans are going to win in the era where Trump has reshaped the party into a party that serves the needs of everyday Americans, you've gotta get low propensity voters out to vote. Low propensity. Do you know what low propensity means? Low propensity means they don't show up every election. They only show up occasionally when you can really speak to an issue that matters to them, they'll show up. It wasn't always this way. Republicans used to have high propensity voters, the kinds of voters who would show up always all the time no matter what.


And this comes from the era of the country club Republican, where you had, you know, college educated, high income Republicans, people who were very active in their communities and civ civil society stuff, and, and they would show up to vote on a routine basis on all these elections, whether or not they were a standard presidential election midterms off year. This one yesterday was off year, off cycle. It's about as off, off, off as you can possibly get. It's an odd year election at an odd time of year. It's not November, it's in April, special elections. And so Republicans, their challenge is we gotta get these low propensity voters out. How many people actually voted yesterday in Wisconsin? What was a big number for an off year, off cycle election?


It was 2.3 million people who voted. Do you know how many people voted in the presidential election last year? 3.4 million. So 2.3 million yesterday, 3.4 million. An additional over 1 million people voted in that presidential election last year. Do you know how much Trump won that election by in Wisconsin? Less than a point. Less than a point. It wasn't quite a nailbiter, but it was close in Wisconsin. President Trump picked that up. Of course, he picked up every swing state in last year's contest. But what this should tell you is that you need to figure out a way to get the low propensity voter to actually show up.


Now I'm seeing a lot of people doing some finger pointing today. This always happens in the wake of these elections where republicans have a, you know, you're feeling a little dejected about how things went in a particular race. This is a meaningful race. And for whatever reason, I'm seeing people pointing fingers at Scott Presler as if that guy had somehow let everybody down. Scott Presler did not let anybody down. Scott Presler brought his operation to the state. He, he was able to get people, including people in this very chat, to send text messages to get all of these votes out there. The get out the vote component of this, Scott was in there in a very aggressive way, and there were a number of other groups that did that too. Elon Musk was spending money through America, PAC Turning Point Action was in there.


The Libre Initiative, the Get out the vote component of this. Well, they were out there, they were on the streets, they were sending the text messages, they were doing the work. Here's where I detect a failure. The message. It's the message. So I went back and I looked at the advertising for Susan Crawford and Brad Schell. I said, what are these guys even talking about? Like, what do they, what do they advertise to the people of Wisconsin about the merits of their candidacies? Why would you support each of these people? And in Susan Crawford's case, if you can believe it, she ran, she's now, she's the lefty. She is the radical lefty who now is getting a seat on this state Supreme Court. She ran on the idea that she is tough on crime.


That's right. She said she was tough on crime. George Soros was funding the effort to get her into office. She's not tough on crime, but this is the game of pretend. They were playing advertising. We are tough on crime advertising that Brad Shimel is weak on crime, trying to turn a strength into a weakness for her Republican backed opponent. And then of course, she ran as all lefties do on the issue of abortion. She said that she was gonna protect a woman's right to choose to kill a child. Of course, they don't say kill a child in the ad, it's not popular in the advertising. But these are the issues that she ran on. And if you go back to the exit poll in Wisconsin from just a couple months ago to the presidential election, and you look at the data there, you can see why she did that.


It's obvious in Wisconsin, do people want crime in their communities? No, they don't. They want you to get tough on crime. They'd like the crime to stop. Please no more kenosha's, no more, any of it. They want it to stop. And so she ran on that. Whether or not she's even gonna do it, she's not. I mean, George Soros supports her that she's a weak on crime person. But she pretended. And on the issue of abortion, once again, she looks at the polling and she says, well, this will activate my base to come out and vote. And it did. Democrats in the state of Wisconsin yesterday. Meanwhile, what did Brad Shimmel campaign run on? Brad Shiels campaign ran on a message that you and I can understand for sure, which is we don't want Democrats to have more power.


Brad Symbol's campaign was wrapped up, at least the people who were advocating for him, spending money on him. They were running ads like, well, if the left wins here, Republicans might lose congressional seats. You know, because the Supreme Court will redraw the district lines. Okay, that means something to me. That means a lot to me. If that ad was built for me, I would say, man, that's really, that's horrifying. If that ad was built for you, you would say, that's horrifying. That we don't want that. We can't give Democrats any more power. We can't let them steal congressional seats. We can't let that happen. But what does that mean to the average Wisconsin voter who is a low propensity turnout person? Who on who half Do you know half of Wisconsin voters have a union member in their household?


Did you know that half half of Wisconsin voters have at least one union worker in their household? What does that mean to those families, those low propensity voters? What do they think of Washington to begin with? What do they think of these political parties? Do they feel well-served by them? Are they, are they so interested in the wellbeing of the Republican Party that they look, they look around, they go, man, I really gotta stick, I gotta stand up for Republicans. Hell no. You think they care about the wellbeing of the Republican party? Not a chance. Not a chance. It's not about the party. In the end, these elections, especially with low propensity voters, they're like, why would I show up to vote?


I don't always show up to vote. I occasionally do. What's the rationale for why I would show up to vote? You know why Wisconsin voters showed up for Trump? You know why they did that? The top two reasons. Immigration and the economy. Immigration and the economy. That's it. Those were the big numbers. Immigration was the biggest, the economy was the second. And so how did Republicans speak to those needs in order to bring out low propensity voters? Oh, it turns out they didn't in Wisconsin. And so as we analyze this vote, it's probably important to say, okay, so we have a get out the vote effort. You guys, guys like Scott Pressler who are doing a good job. You have people in our Rumble Chat who were literally texting people in Wisconsin to get them out.


But what about the messages? What advertising were they seeing? What, what reason would they go to the polls here? And it can't be enough to say, you have to support Republicans. That's ridiculous. It can't be enough. Now here's the thing. We've got, I, we've got concern. I've, I've seen a lot of concern about, okay, VINCE, that nobody's saying VINCE, but generally on, on social media. What about the role that fraud played here? What about the role of fraud? Maybe the election was stolen. Lemme just look at the margin with you for a moment. First of all, it's a 10 percentage point margin. So if you're, if, if it was fraud that resulted in this outcome, it would be a massive, massive, massive amount of fraud that would lead to this outcome.


That's one. Two people point in the fraud case, they point to, well, look at the voter ID initiative. Voter id. You've got people who voted for a, a constitutional amendment to add voter ID to the state of Wisconsin, and they voted for the radical lefty to join the Supreme Court. How could that possibly be? How could both of those things happen in the same election? And the answer to that question, at least on a basic level, is why don't we just take a look at support for voter id? Where is that at? And it turns out that Americans of every political persuasion, wildly support voter id, I'm sure many of you know this by now, but this is, this is such a stinker for the Democrats, such a loser for that party that they've actually deemphasized their messaging around this.


They, they, candidly, they rarely talk about this issue. Occasionally you see them talk about it, that they rarely talk about voter ID anymore, because it's like men and women's sports. Nobody is for that. Nobody's for men and women's sports and not having an ID to vote. Nobody is for that. In fact, by majorities Democrats, 67% of Democrats say, you should have an ID to vote. That was a Gallup survey in October of last year before the presidential election. That's in the heat of political debate in the United States of America. 67% of Democrats nationwide said, you should have a voter ID to vote Republicans.


98%, 84% this issue. In case you ever, you ever look back and you're thinking like, Hey, where have conservatives actually won? What are the fights that we've won on? Well, we've won on law and order. Americans want Law and Order. They don't like the chaos, they don't like the riots. It's a crystal clear message. They wanna support the cops. We've won on that issue. Boom. Done. We've won on men and women's sports. Men people don't want men and women's sports. No more games, no more playing with the mental illness. It's insane. No more cheating in women's sports. Americans are wildly with us. So if, if you're looking for areas where we've, we've dominated, that's definitely, those are definitely areas. The other is voter id. Everybody supports voter ID regardless of your political party.


So yes, at the, at the upper levels of the party, you have devious political operatives among Democrats who are trying to stop voter ID from coming into place because they do believe that fraud works to their benefit. They do believe that not having an ID is a way for them to win elections. But meanwhile, the rest of the country, to include a whole bunch of people who vote for Democrats, overwhelming majorities support voter id. So if you're looking for anything to help you sort of understand, make sense of some of this in Wisconsin, look no further than that. That is a crystal clear expression of where voters are. It's true in not just the nation. It's true in Wisconsin too. Wisconsin surveys have demonstrated that it's wildly popular voter id.


That's why it's now enshrined in the Constitution in Wisconsin that explains that. And then finally, on this issue of fraud, as we, as we look to it, as a, a potential for an explanation, I am, I am in no way ruling out the role that fraud can play in any election. I I never rule out how devious Democrats can be in their pursuit of power to include rigging elections to their benefit. Not at all. Here's what I wanna caution you against, though. Don't for a damn minute, use that as a reason to get lazy about all of the other explanations that you can, we can, that the, that Republicans can, that conservatives can address to actually attract voters to their side, to make these elections.


In the words of President Trump. Too big to rig. Too big to rig. So there's this impulse I've seen occasionally on the right, which is like, oh, well vote, elections get stolen, and therefore there's no reason to lift a finger. It's insanity. You can't take that, that attitude because you have to be able to go onto the field and fight. So you should fight for election integrity. You should fight for credible elections. You should fight to make sure voter ID is there. Absolutely. You should fight to audit the way elections are conducted. You should establish whether or not there is evidence of fraud in these elections. A hundred percent. But don't for a second, use that as an excuse not to address the fundamental problems in your own party.


So if it's, this can't be, look, Trump can't be the only guy from now on who's capable of winning elections for the Republicans. Trump has rewritten the entire playbook and then handed it to the rest of us and handed it in particular to these Republican candidates. And he says, use this. And that brings me to today. That brings me to today, the United States of America today is launching reciprocal against the countries who have taken advantage of us for many decades. Reciprocal tariffs. There's this theory going on, including in some corners of the right, the so-called free market people, the, the free trade people.


They're not free trade people. If, if your position is that Trump should not fight back you, you're not a free trade person. You're not fighting for free trade. You're fighting to let us continue to be taken advantage of to hollow out manufacturing cities in the country to hurt places like Wisconsin, which is dependent on manufacturing industry and agriculture and dairy. There's a reason we call, we have cheese heads in Wisconsin. There's a lot of dairy products there. This country is being taken advantage of. And it has been for decades, many decades. And today, president Trump is announcing a way to fight back. We are not starting a trade war today.


We are trying to end one. We are trying to fight back in a world where other countries, a lot of 'em all across the planet have been waging a trade war against us. And so what does that mean for Wisconsin? What does that mean for the voters there? Well, it means a great deal if you have a, you're, we're in a situation where you can look at Wisconsinites and say, I'm gonna fight for your family. You remember how your community used to be thriving. Do you remember when you didn't have blight and crime all over the place? Do you remember what it was like to have a productive community, a manufacturing base, agriculture, healthy exports? Do you remember this? What happened to this place?


Why are things on the slide? And the answer to that is they've been sold out by their leaders. So it's no wonder they did the, the messaging, which is like, Hey, you need to keep Republicans in power. They're like up yours. Why do I got Republicans? I don't care about that. The message should be, we are going to restore your livelihood. We're gonna make Wisconsin great again. We're gonna fight back against the people who are hurting you and your families. And so, as we come outta the Wisconsin election, the Supreme Court election, and we come into today where the president of the United States is saying, I'm gonna fight back on your behalf. He ran on this Wisconsin, elected him on this basis.


What did I tell you? Number one was immigration. Number two's, the economy. Number two, that's in 2024. The exit polls in Wisconsin, the economy. What does that mean to the average Wisconsin family? What does that mean to the average Wisconsin family who has labor union members inside of their own household? 50% of them do. It means they need somebody who's gonna fight for them. And they need the rationale for why they would show up is to restore their livelihoods. And the rationale for why they would vote against Susan Crawford, this radical leftist, is because she is a part of the effort to continue destroying them. That's what matters. And so today, president Trump is stepping forward to fight back in a big way.


And it would behoove Republicans to stop being so squeamish about getting on board with the Trump agenda and do it right now. Because if you don't, you'll end up in the very political wilderness that the left is spending time in right now. And they absolutely hate, absolutely hate to the point that they're trying to pick off anything they can, including Wisconsin Supreme Court seats. In a moment, I wanna get your reaction to all this. I know your messages are pouring in on the chat. It's a big day. We should learn some lessons from this. If you're sitting around all mopey and dower, you got the long rest, you got the wrong lesson out of this. I don't, we don't need any eos do we? We don't need this, this dunks for notice and nonsense. No, we need fighters.


So come outta this. Learn something. Use it. That's the case.


Hey, the reason we can do these episodes for free is because of our great sponsors. This episode is brought to you by ammo squared. Do you remember the great ammo shortage of 2020 shelves were bare and even online. Options were wiped out. Where there's a company in Idaho that's helping to make sure that that never happens again. It's called ammo squared. They've been helping over 80,000 members stockpile ammo automatically since 2015. You sign up, you pick your ammo from over 70 different calibers. You set an auto buy budget, and then you choose a shipping trigger. Over time, your ammo accumulates and is stored for free. And ammo squares, climate controlled warehouse until you're ready to ship it. No minimums, no extra fees. It's perfect for small budgets. Or anybody who wants to build up a stockpile without spending thousands or even hundreds of dollars upfront. Ammo square is the smartest way to stockpile ammo. Set it and forget it. Ship it when you need it. It's the easiest way to stay prepared without any of the hassle. Head to ammo squared.com and take the work out of buying ammo. 80,000 members and thousands of five star ratings. Can't be wrong. That's ammo squared.com. Check them out today. You must be 18 or older and not prohibited from possessing ammo. You must be 21 for handgun ammunition.


All thank you very much. Laura tuning says, VINCE, this should have been your show for the days leading up to this election. Well, Laura, you're right. You're right. There are messaging components to this that just living through the results helps you think about more clearly. I agree with you, but remember what Scott Presler was talking about, what you and I have been talking about, the, the impact on the Congress, the impact, the, the ability for Democrats to have more power. It, that does mean something to me. It does mean something to you. So for this audience, it means a great deal. But these, these important messages are very, very worth looking at. And it's, it's the best thing.


Mc Bros oh one says, VINCE Levit. Dude, keep it up. Thank you for that. We Big balls, groin asks, how many votes were from invaders, illegals and dead ballots? Great question. Big balls. Because you know, as, as you heard Elon Musk say on that stage in Wisconsin, they've got countless illegals who've been granted even Social security numbers, five and a half million of those, which is just absolutely crazy. And, and how much, how much fraud is in our system a lot. We need to get rid of that. We're gonna talk to Chris Bedford about this. 'cause Chris is a very, very smart observer of all this. He's always very tough, especially on Republicans. He really, he just wants us to win here.


He's a, he's a great conservative. He just wants to be tough on these guys for, for good reasons. He's tough love. Let me, I, I do wanna focus a little bit though on, on some of the other insane nonsense that happened in the last 24 hours, little pallet cleanser for you. So Cory Booker was consumed with what's good for him. Cory Booker, a just ridiculous human being. The senator from the state of New Jersey, he took to the Senate floor now what was about two days ago. And he decided to start rambling for over 24 hours. Not in the pursuit of making your life better, not in the pursuit of talking about anything that actually mattered. Not in the pursuit of telling you the truth about anything.


Not even in the pursuit of stopping some sort of piece of legislation. This was a pointless exercise. And after about almost 24 hours, Cory Booker was delirious and crying on the Senate floor. Take a look here. When is it going to be enough? My voice is inadequate. My efforts today are inadequate to stop what they're trying to do. But we, the people are powerful. We are strong. We have changed history. We have bent the Ark of the Moral universe. And now is that moral moment again. What a clown. It's a moral moment again. What a clown. Look at that guy. God bless America. We need you now.


God bless America, if you love her, if you love your neighbor, if you love this country, show your love. Stop them. It's so full of Crap doing what they're trying to do for almost 20 hours. We have laid, he wants out what they're trying to Do. He wants a merit badge Hours. I could, I, I wanna stand more and I will, but I'm begging people. Don't let this be another normal day in America. Please God, please God, don't let them take Medicaid away from 10, 20, 30 or 40 million Americans who desperately need it. Don't let them do It. Nobody's taking Medicaid away. You idiot. This guy is unbelievable. I mean, it's totally predictable, but just like how brazen can you possibly be?


So he's standing there like he's tank man in Tiananmen Square. Like this is like some noble act. Oh, look at me. I, I stood here for, for over 20 hours. Oh, oh, that's it. That's the achievement. You stood there for over 20 hours. What? Like that, what is this like a fear factor stunt? I can stand for this long. And, and apparently he, like, he started fasting a couple days ago. He claims that, that even that's probably a lie that he is, he was fasting. He is like, so he didn't have to pee for 24 hours. I don he had a lot of glasses of water sitting in front of him. Look how bug-eyed he is. Look how what in the world was happening to Cory Booker. So, and he was doing this and nobody was watching it.


I watched it just to get some amusement out of it. I went and had to pull these clips. This is, this guy's a total. And he demonstrated it again yesterday in front of the United States Senate. Chuck Schumer interrupted because Chuck Schumer wanted credit for all this Chuck Schumer. He, he was annoyed that some other Democrat had the spotlight for that long. Schumer was like, how do I get on camera? What do I do to get on camera? So Chuck Schumer jumps out to announce that Cory Booker has set a new record for talking. Would the Senator yield for a question? Chuck Schumer's the only time in my life I can tell you no. I just wanna tell you a question.


Do you know you have just broken the record. Do you know how proud this caucus is of you? Do you know how proud America is of you? You Have Broken the record. America's so proud of you. That's weird. I'm not proud of him at all. I think this is pathetic. Look at him wiping his brow. Everyone's clapping, all the Democrats. The Democrats are clapping for him. What a tool. America's so proud of you. They're acting like he just finished the all you can eat buffet. Like he ate everything. They, they didn't think it was possible, but he ate it all. And a round of applause. You ever go to one of those restaurants where they have an oversized steak and they're like, nobody can do this. No one's ever done it. If you do it, you get your picture on the wall.


And Cory Booker just ate the oversized steak and now he gets his picture on the wall. The whole restaurant's clapping for him. It's a, on an amazing achievement, amazing meaningless achievement that only serves to fatten up his own head and nothing else. So that was Cory Booker's use of all of this. Scott Jennings, who's always fantastic. He's, he's, he's kind of the feature on CNN. He came out and said, what was this all about? I think it was about nothing. I just not, I'm not sure what the point of it is. You know, he didn't stop any legislation. He didn't hold up any nominations. He said it was a moral moment. So I guess, you know, as a Republican, I infer that he thinks half the country is immoral. And that kind of messaging to me is exactly what's been plaguing the Democrats for the last, certainly the last election in the last several months, is this idea that there hatefulness towards your fellow American just because they chose a different party or, or voted a different way.


In our own Harry Ton reported this morning that congressional democrats have a 21% approval rating at screen. By the way, in some suspect, there's nowhere to go about An interview with Senator Cory Booker coming up. Cory Booker, I think, is trying to fill a vacuum. There's no real leadership nationally, the Democratic Party, obviously they don't have any confidence in Schumer. They've had a lot of radical voices out there who are trying to take control of the party. So maybe this was an attempt by him to try to, you know, rest control of the, at least the, you know, the spiritual leadership of the National Party. So, you know, you know, ultimately it, Scott, what it was, was an attempt by Cory Booker to suck up as much cu camera time as humanly possible. This guy is so addicted to cameras and microphones being pointed at him that he, that you saw on the screen.


CNN says, interview with Cory Booker coming up. How is an interview coming up? He just, he was just up for 27 hours straight peeing through a tube. And now he's like, you know what I need to do now? I need to go on CNN. What I really need is more camera time. Last piece on this, and then, and then we'll get to our great guests and our sponsors here in a moment. Cory Booker. The, the reason they went as long as they did 24 hours in 18 minutes, whatever the number was, the reason they went as along as they did is because they wanted to supplant the record of Strom Thurman, the Democrat, who last held the record for, for arguing against civil rights in the 1960s. This is the this, so basically you've gone back to back the o the people with the rec, the top two records at least are both Democrats who won't shut up about how much they wanna divide America Way you go.


What an achievement. Cory Booker one for the record books. Too bad the, the Guinness people weren't there so that he didn't get the certificate for that. In a moment, the great Chris Bedford joins me.


But first, we're in a turbulent time right now. Just seeing daily policy changes having a massive impact on the global and national economy, that can be really scary. But what can you do to protect your savings right now? You can diversify, diversify a portion of your savings into gold with the help of Birch Gold Group. I just spoke with Birch Gold the other day. And Birch Gold specializes in helping you convert an existing IRA or 401k into a tax sheltered IRA in physical gold or silver for no money out of pocket. Just listen to this five star review, knowledgeable help, non-pressure. That's succinct and it's true. That's what you get with Birch Gold and that's why I'm proud to endorse them. Start by getting your free info kit on Gold. Just text my name VINCE to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. And Birch Gold will send you your free info kit. There's no obligation, just useful information with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau on countless five star reviews. Text VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8. And then let the experts at Birch Gold help you protect your future today with gold message and data rates apply.


And then this, are you a yo-yo dieter by any chance? Do you diet lose weight and then gain it all back plus a few extra pounds? People do. But I have to tell you, that's a dangerous pattern. Studies show that that can actually increase your risk of heart attack, stroke type two diabetes and other health problems. Breaking free of the Yo-yo Diet pattern is a main reason that doctors created Lean. Lean is a supplement, not an injection. You don't need a prescription, it's great. The science behind Lean is really impressive. It studied natural ingredients, target weight loss in three powerful ways. First, lean helps you maintain your healthy blood sugar. It helps you control your appetite and your cravings. Super important, and this is awesome. It helps burn fat by converting fat into energy, which is precisely what you want. So listen, if you're tired of losing weight and gaining it back, lean was created just for you. Lemme get you started with 20% off. That's big. Enter the code VINCE twenty@takelean.com. That's code VINCE twenty@takelean.com. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. And it's not a substitute or an alternative or care from a healthcare provider.


Alright? In the house right now, the senior Chief mega political correspondent for the Blaze, I just made all that up because I don't actually have his title in front of me is Chris Bedford, and he's here with us now. That's you actually got it exactly right. Is that right? Good. That was, that was from memory. Chris, how you doing, man? Fantastic. How are you? Nice to see you here in the Rumble Studios here. Chris doesn't work far from here. So this was an easy booking. Chris Wisconsin. I was just, I started the program today saying that this Wisconsin Supreme Court race has a lot of really important lessons built into it that are worth dwelling on. If you wanna see the future of the Republican Party succeed. If you want conservative, the, the Trump agenda in particular to succeed in my view is, is really simple.


If you're gonna get low propensity, blue collar labor voters out to vote, you have to actually tell them why their lives will be enriched by that vote. That seems like a very basic mandate. Yeah. And this, the, the Democrats managed to do that by the way. They got, they got a higher, significantly higher voter turnout than they got for the 2016 Wisconsin Senate race than for the last race two years ago. Before the presidential, the last off year race we're talking, 51% of voters in Wisconsin are able to vote, actually came out. So it's, and it's, and it's not like on this one that people who had voted for Donald Trump said, you know, I liked him then, but I'm gonna vote for this.


The Democrat for the Supreme Court. Now, they just didn't come because no one told them actually how this was going to impact their life. That people told them this will negatively impact the Republican Party of Wisconsin. Yes, but that's not your, that's not your bills, that's not your groceries. That's not what you care about. That's not the things that actually make a difference to your life. The Republican party doesn't actually have the name brand or the reputation that Donald Trump has. Right? They have to catch up. I mean, in almost every single race in November, last November, Donald Trump outperformed the Republican party. Yes. So they need to come up with actual messaging. But one of the mistakes I think people make is thinking that it's just Trump's personality, which is amazing. Trump's got a lot of charisma. He is amusing, and people really like him, and they do believe that he's sincere about fighting for them.


That's all true. And Republicans would do well to get lessons from that. But here's the lesson. I wanna see them get the issues. Trump Secures the border. Trump stops the crime. Trump fights back against the people taking advantage of us. Trump promises to cut your taxes and Trump promises to restore manufacturing to the United States of America. How hard is it to run on these issues? Instead, what Republicans of Wisconsin ran on was like, oh no. If Democrats win, then Republicans might lose some power in Congress. People don't care about that point. They care about the end game. Now, I understand that Democrats have a couple things going for them. Generally speaking on this, you got the Dobbs decision. You've got, you could get, everyone who cares about abortion is their number one issue, which is way too many people Yeah.


Out to vote for you. But there's really never been an easier time, I think for Republicans to message on the idea that control of the courts is important. Every single level of President Trump's agenda has been stopped, not on legal merits by completely deranged rulings from partisan Democrat judges. This is the kind of message you need to get out there. If you want to see jobs come back to this country, if you wanna see gang members who are here illegally deported Yes. And leave this country. If you wanna see a military that puts effectiveness and fitness for duty before some kind of social experiment. First, if you wanna see changes in our schools, in our cities, then you need to change the judiciary and not have these wacko judges and that messaging and the turnout game, that's the main thing.


The Democrats have the National Republican Party getting significantly better at it. But the state parties need to get up on that turnout game. Yeah. Combine those two and you start to win again. But also it's like, you know, a lot of the rules have changed. Everything's changed. Like, so Republicans now are the party of low propensity voters. The entire country supports voter id. It's not even really a battle at all. It's Like, But that was wild. Yeah. Wisconsin voted for it an entirely because Democrats support it by majority. So, and like, so there's, I think sometimes you get caught up in like old thinking about elections or like, and, and you don't realize, like right now, for instance, and this is where Scott Presler again deserves a lot of credit among people who are not registered to vote, but are of voting age Americans, they're Trump supporters, register more people to vote, Republicans should be aggressively registering people to vote.


It's so true that by the way, you know, last year there were some stories early in the presidential election that Democrats were hesitating on doing voter drives. Exactly. Because they were concerned that too many Trump supporters would be registered to vote. The Democrats, the big study came out with interviews with millions of people. I think it was 8 million people were interviewed total. Hey, there was released last Monday that said Democrats, by the way, it wasn't that your voters stayed home, it was that, or they, they said they didn't vote for you. It said a lot of people switched And it was huge switches. Yeah. And if you actually got every legal voter in the United States to come out for that election, Donald Trump would've won the national vote by five points. It's been in complete and total shape. And of course it is.


I mean, remember the way the Democrats were talking, remember the way that Kamala Harris was doing her campaign commercials, she'd get on there and say, Come on girl. And she'd have a accent that was, you know, from the block or whatever. But she'd be talking about transgender issues. She'd be talking about the issues that carry about to Elizabeth Warren's friends, like a white college professors at Harvard University. Exactly. Those are faculty lounge issues. They weren't actually things that anyone cares about. Yeah. Which is why, you know, despite Cory Booker, it's just wonderful soliloquy that we've been listening to for so those 12 hours, the, their approval ratings are in the dumps. Yes. But that doesn't mean Republicans can rest though. If they, they now they need to make the case Democrat. Democrats have made the case that they stink.


Now Republicans need to make the case that They're good. I I, let me just use a a violent metaphor. It's time to finish them off. Like, like just, just finish them off. It's a metaphor, ladies and gentlemen fact checkers. But I'm just saying like, like the party is, their party is in shambles. There's really no excuse for this. There's really no excuse for this. So what needs to happen here is I, let me, I wanna shift to tariffs with you now today because President Trump is announcing reciprocal tariffs today. And what I've noticed, have you noticed this? Conservatives don't really have the stomach. I'm talking about conservative punditry. I'm talking about con Republican politicians, people, one, they don't, it doesn't seem like they even understand the issue of tariffs. Like what's happening.


And two, they're squeamish, they're like really hesitant to join the president in his agenda here. And I think that's a huge problem. Like you have to get, wrap your head around the damn problem, which is there's a trade war going on and we haven't been fighting it. We've been the victim of it, and now it's time to reciprocate. Well, that's exactly right. You see it in the, the culture war with Republicans who say, we don't wanna fight about the culture war. Say the culture war is not an offensive battle from the right. It's a defensive battle. Amen. The the enemy is literally in your daughter's locker room. This is a complete, this is, this war is here regardless of what you want. And the same thing is true with tariffs. The same thing is true with trade. The United States has dropped all of its barriers protecting all of its workers, protecting its products in order to boost its GDP and make a couple of people wealthier.


It's been an experiment over the last couple of decades. Ross Borough was completely correct. Bill Clinton was wrong. HW Bush was wrong. Both parties were wrong on this. Dick Cheney was wrong, Bush was wrong all the way through Barack Obama was wrong on this. This has completely hollowed out the core of the United States. Our industrial capacity, our work in families, service jobs are not a res replacement for it. In the meantime, just like you were pointing out in your newsletter this morning, Canada is hammering us with tariffs. They, they tack the increase in the cost of goods for us to export our goods to Europe. Even the ones that we're allowed to, to China, to Canada Yep. Are massive. And it has an impact because they protect their workers.


And we don't, and we've considered that a public service, but it's hollowed out the country. And Donald Trump is gonna fight back and try to end that. And it's gonna be good. That's what I just, I think people just can't, there's a lot of it is like nobody spends any time explaining how things are and used to be, it used to be we didn't have an income tax. We used to generate all of our government's revenue when the government was a lot smaller and a lot less bloated on tariffs. That's how the country operated until the income tax was established early in the last century. The other piece is that this is really a, a lot of this is product of, of post World War ii. So the United States goes in, helps to save the planet. And the return, the, the reaction we get from the rest of the planet is because we had such a productive industrial base going through World War ii, the rest of the planet thought we had an unfair advantage in terms of manufacturing.


So they built up tariffs in all of their countries. And ever since then, they've been taring the hell out of us in order to build an artificial advantage up for their own countries. And as a result, they've been taking advantage of the United States of America. And during that timeframe, our manufacturing base has collapsed. We've lost so much of what America made. America energetic and great. And that brings us to today where President Trump is announcing these reciprocal tariffs. And there's these doomsday thing things going on. Oh, it's gonna raise prices on consumers. It's like, oh, we're gonna raise prices on consumers. Well, first of all, that's a brain dead take because the way that tariffs work, it's more elastic than that. It's not just an even, oh, prices go up evenly. Our international trade is a, is actually a small portion of our economy.


Most of our economy is actually domestic trade between the states. Most of it is, which is, this is as my, my friend cousin and economist, ej, an Tony points out the United States is a massive free trade zoned of, of states that are all doing trade with one another. That is predominantly what's going on in our economy. But even if prices went up in the worst case scenario, here's the projection. Worst case scenario, prices go up $450 billion impact on the American economy. That would be the worst case scenario. Do you know what President Trump's tax cuts are gonna do for the American economy if they get these passed $4.5 trillion? So the trade-off is 10 to one. So if President Trump can get his agenda fulfilled, in the worst case scenario, prices go up 450 billion and we get a $4.5 trillion return on those tax cuts.


You tell me how that's a bad deal for us. And that's how, if the trade war actually happens, as opposed to other countries dropping their barriers. And those barriers, even in dome domestic trade, they impact you over and over again. My eyes were kind of open to this when I was traveling, cross country reporting on covid shutdowns. Now businesses are going by talking to some legit cowboys outside of Peter, South Dakota who were branding that day. And they were telling me, listen, I'm not allowed to put ma in the USA on my beef that I raise here. You could see the cattle, it's right here. I'm gonna send this to slaughterhouse, to feedlot, to the slaughterhouse, to the grocery store And it can't stay made in the USA. And I said, why? Turns out that some DC bureaucrat had made a deal with the Brazilians who said it was unfair for American farmers to sell meat that said, made in the USA 'cause then they couldn't compete with Brazilian beef.


Now, by the way, if you're a wealthy person, you just go to Whole Foods, you can get the name of the farm there. That's not illegal. But the farmer in Pierce, South Dakota, the rancher is not allowed to do that. These are the rules. And so much of this, and the American people just assumed, well, that's just the way it is. That's the way the business works. And, and republicans and Democrats have said that's the free market, but it's not, these are the results of specific policies. Yes. Actions, bureaucratic decisions and trade-offs that have been made and they're gonna break down. So to your point that you're talking about if the trade war actually happens, well, but I don't Know how well if we fight back in it. Yeah. And and how much will, how much will foreign countries fight back? Yeah. How much, how much pain is Canada willing to take? How much pain is Europe willing to take?


If they start to crack and break, then maybe this whole thing blows over and we actually do get some free Trade and they will. So here's the thing. Trade with the United States is a massive part of these economies. It's not what I, what did I say a moment ago? International trade for the United States is a much smaller piece of our economy. We have a massive economy, huge. But for these country, like places like Canada, which is manufacturing, American auto parts like crazy Mexico too. All of these countries, they are very dependent on American trade. These tariffs are gonna mean a lot more to them than they are to us. A lot more pain. And So I think what you'll see in the ensuing days, if everyone can get behind the president here and just say, Hey, we're all on board. This is serious.


He means business. That's what leads to positive results. Yeah. You gotta fight back. It's like, it's like we know, we, it's, it's a concept that we understand with atomic weapons, right? With nuclear weapons. Pacs atomic, like, like mutually assured destruction. You fire nukes at us, we're firing nukes at you. We're all going down here. It's pacs rifa, it's okay. You're gonna fire tariffs at us. We'll fire tariffs at you. And here's what's different than nukes. We're not gonna die. You will, you'll, and So I, again, it's, this is a big day. I, I wanna, I do wanna offer one, one critique of, of the messaging coming out of the White House about this though I'm all on board.


Obviously President Trump's on board. I do think he's been a little bit poorly served though in this fight. What should have happened this week, and I haven't seen it, is the White House should have released a full list of every heinous tariff that is imposed on the United States by the worst actors on the planet. That should be, that that cheat sheet should be everywhere on social media right now. And it is not. And so there is some areas here where I think people could better serve the president by getting that kind of information out because it's driving me crazy. It's like the most obvious thing. Show me Ca Canada's got 103 hundred effectively 360% tariffs on dairy. That should be top line item. President Trump is mentioning that. But there's a million other examples of that.


And those should be front and center. So the American people are like, that's right. Screw 'em. I'm on board. I wanna fight back. See what people don't know is that when I first got a job in news media, you were, you were my first pitch editor. So I'm taking that pitch you gave me and I'm gonna take it to blaze.com and I'm say, which reporters free right now? I need a list of the top tariffs. Bring it up and put it out there. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it just seems so freaking important man. You are the best. And one, I have one more question for you. I saw that your lovely wife was reporting on this subject Bedford's in a media family that these judges that are trying to stop President Trump's deportation agenda, one of them who is trying to, so Trump's kinda trying to get rid of temporary protective status for Venezuelans are in the United States.


They were supposed to be gone April 6th, I think was the date. And a judge just interfered some like whack job, Northern California Obama appointee and said the reason that she's interfering is because Trump is a racist and therefore he's not allowed to lift. Oh yeah. So the The temporary protective status, The temporary protective status, the whole idea is to target specific groups of people who have been impacted by something specific. Yeah. Like an earthquake in their country for temporary relief in this country until their, and for a few months until their country can be restored. This is something that's been taken advantage of. A lot of people have been here for years and years and years. It keeps on getting extended. And on January 17th, Mayorca has extended for a whole nother year temporary protective status for Venezuelans.


So when President Trump came in and said, we're reit that this is crazy. I'm the president. This is, this is a theme of these democratic rulings. The judge isn't saying you don't have the power to do that. Everyone knows the president has the power to do that. The judge isn't even saying, well you're not allowed to target this group. 'cause all of these things are targeted. The judge admits that in the ruling, the judge is saying, well, you made fun of these countries eight years ago and called them a bad name. Therefore, I'm calling it animus. I'm gonna appeal to the equal protection clause. And if you look at a bunch of these rulings, Sarah does the work. She's the nerdy reporter in the family. She reads like 40 page judicial rulings and she find these nuggets, almost all of these orders that are coming out are not based on what is the president is allowed to do.


They're claiming animus, oh, well you did this 'cause you're racist. You did this 'cause you don't like it. It's like an abusive relationship. You're arguing with someone who's like, it's like totally emotional. These are not lawyers. These are not people that are like predicating their decisions on the law. They're like, I don't like you. You said something mean seven years ago. By the way, the mean thing that he apparently said wasn't even something that any of us heard. It was reported by the Washington Post. It's when supposedly the Trump referred to countries that are shitty as shit. Whole countries. Oh, we Allowed, I was, I was wondering if we're allowed to say it on the air. You're On a podcast. You can say it. You can say it. So, so, so that's what she's basing this on, that you're a racist because you said shut all countries. First of all, there's not even any documentary evidence for that. It's just literally taking the Washington Post at its word.


But even if he said it, it's true. And what, and, and Look, why Are the people fleeing those countries? If they're, if they were, Why are they hiding in the wheel wells of airplanes and dying up there to try and get out if they're not desperate? And if you look at the order that came through against Pete Hegseth, the Department of Defense and transgender troops, the judge is talking about all the, the admirable, brave service of transgender warriors. There's nothing in it about whether or not the president, the commander in chief, has the right to decide what fitness requirements should be established for our militaries. They always have. They just said, well, you're anti transgender. Which by the way, not even true with Donald Trump. No, it's not. It's so, he's a New Yorker. It's so stupid. The whole thing is ridiculous.


Hey, thank you for always being such a good student and analyst of all of it. Chris Bedford with the Blaze. Thank you man. Thank you VINCE. It was really great to see you here. Before we check out for the day, I do want to stretch on a little bit on this, this issue of deporting bad people from the country, which is here you have a situation where you've got guys from El Salvador who are MS 13 guys who are being deported right now by President Trump via Title vii. And the media yesterday spent the day arguing that we're deporting people who shouldn't be deported. That these are just, this is a poor Maryland father who's being deported and he's innocent. He didn't do anything wrong.


There's no evidence he did anything wrong. No, there's a lot of evidence that this guy's an MS 13 guy also It's crystal clear, he's illegal. Lemme just start, let's start with the basics here. This guy is an illegal alien from El Salvador. So where do we send him? We sent him to his home country. So if El Salvador decides we're gonna throw this guy in prison, that's their business to throw him in prison. That's, that's entirely up to them. So at its core, the basic point here is we sent him back to his home country. The media's upset about this because they wanna fight for the, they wanna fight for the illegal guy.


And the, the MS 13 guy, listen to my good friend, you, you know her. Dan Bonino loves her too. She's wonderful. You, you knew, knew her before as Amber Athe. She, she got married since then. Then she's Amber Duke. She did some analysis this week. She, she dove into the documents and looked at this person's specific record. And I, I, I just wanna play some of this for you and let you hear how obvious it is that he's a part of MS 13. Listen to this. He first Came illegally to the US in 2011, And it was in 2019 that he was first picked up by immigration authorities in this Home Depot case that they're referencing. And in addition to the confidential informant. And then they said he was wearing Chicago Bulls attire, which is sometimes means you're a member of MS 13, but obviously not always, but I think one, not everyone Wears Chicago Bulls at tire.


Lemme pause here. So the Chicago Bulls thing, the media is pretending like that's just an innocent thing. Oh, he is wearing Chicago Bulls apparel. No, it wasn't just wearing one piece of Chicago Bulls apparel. He was wearing a Chicago Bulls jacket and a Chicago Bulls hat while standing with known MS 13 guys. The Chicago Bulls thing is a clear cut flag for MS 13 membership. It's, it's the bull, it's the horns. It's, it's the sa it literally is, it's a Satanic cult, MS 13, but they use the bull as, as their mascot. So they wear Chicago bulls attire to express their gang affiliation. This is not some random coincidence.


He's not in Illinois. He's not a Michael Jordan fan. He is standing in Maryland next to his MS 13 gangster buddies wearing Chicago Bulls attire because he's MS 13. Keep going. There also are not a lot of Chicago Bulls fans in Maryland, but the interesting piece of this that hasn't been floated around on Twitter or in a lot of these media reports that I found particularly compelling is that the other individuals he was with at the Home Depot that he was arrested with were not just MS 13 gang members, but actually ranking members of the gang. So I find that to be a more credible piece of evidence. You know, he's hanging around with MS 13 ranking members, hello in attire that is typically associated with the gang.


Hello. And a confidential informant confirmed not only his gang nickname, but also his rank in the gang, his rank, he did not dispute or at least effectively dispute any of those facts in his first two immigration court hearings. There was the initial hearing where the judge said that they found the evidence credible and he was ordered to be removed. Then he appealed the process and the board of appeals, which is obviously made up of a separate group of judges, confirmed that they believe the evidence was credible and that he had not sufficiently rebutted any of the evidence from the, from the authorities instead. So Instead he's a 13 guy taking It further, he could have appealed again. Instead, what he did is he filed a separate claim in immigration court that he cannot be asylum claim, an asylum claim after eight years of being in the US illegally.


Coming up with this fantastical story about how his family's Pria back in El Salvador was being targeted by Barrio 18, which is a rival game to MS 13, which I think is relevant considering he's accused of being an MS 13 Number. So lemme pause here so that, that's a really critical point. He's claiming that his credible threat is from another gang. Now, why would another gang be threatening to him? Why would another, because he's a member of MS 13. So the 18th Street gang in, in, in El Salvador is a threat to him. And he's using that as a basis to claim asylum because of his gang membership. He's, he's expressing that he's a gang member by making this claim and he's got family members, he's got brothers who live right there in El Salvador who are not similarly threatened for some reason, oh, maybe they're not members of MS 13 watch, But apparently they were trying to extort the PAIA business.


And so his family sent him to the United States to save him from, from this, from this aggression, from Barrio 18, even though he had siblings. And none of those apparently needed to come to the us. He was a specific target of the gang for some reason. Well, maybe he was in a, Well, maybe he was in the rival gang and that's what siblings Weren't. That's what I, that's that's what I think is, is likely to have happened. But sure, just to go further on that, none of the supporting evidence actually came from his family back in El Salvador. It only came from the two members of his family that were living in the United States, one of them legally. So they didn't actually provide any real evidence for, of course not those claims about them being targeted by Barrio 18.


And I'm not sure why the immigration judge in this case granted the, the withdrawal of removal. But needless to say, he could have been removed to literally any other country at any time. Yep. Now, you fast forward to 2025, and I'm sure we'll get into the details about how he ended up on that flight and how the government did make the administrative error in this case. But I think it's important to point out that with the recent deportation, he is now not claiming that he is going to face retribution from Barrio 18. He has now substantially changed the fundamentals of his claim. He now says that the problem is that he is going to face torture and potential death from the government and the prison conditions, which is not the substance of his original claim for asylum.


Yeah. So, so Amber, with an amazing breakdown, it's helpful by the way that to actually read the documents to get, get control of all of this. And so the guy, so you know, I, and I get why there's some impulse here. It's like, oh no, an innocent Marilyn father was just sent to this really, these tough prison conditions. Again, just to remind you, he's from El Salvador, he's here illegally. The very least we can do is deport him to El Salvador and let the government sort it out there, which of course they did. They decided to put him in this maximum security prison. And all of the available evidence points to the fact that he's MS 13. So he deserves the prison stay too. And the media's going all in.


Of course, on behalf of the gangster, not on behalf of Lake and Riley, not on behalf of Jocelyn Nunez, not on behalf of any of the number of victims of all of these horrific illegal alien attacks, these gangster attacks that have been happening in the United States. No, they're fighting on behalf of the gangster. That's what they're doing. The illegal foreign nationalists here in our country who's palling around with all these guys who are hurting our country. And he, who, who himself may have participated in these acts, but again, he's in MS 13, it's a crystal clear. So you've got a, a case where, you know now the Vice President of the United States, JD Vance, to his enormous credit, he doesn't suffer any fools on this. JD Vance has been all over x smacking journalists around about this going, have you read the court documents?


Are you just gonna keep lying to everybody? You're just gonna pretend that this guy's, not MS 13, you're gonna pretend like there's not evidence that the court found that he was MS 13 of court. He's from El Salvador, send him back to El Salvador. And, and I'm with you, everybody in the chat saying, just to just deport this guy, ship them all out, says Moya 55, VENTI seven saying deport them. This is what we voted for. And Rojo 83 coming in with the excellent ch VINCE, thank you. Thank you very much. I appreciate that. It's, it's, it's always a wild show here on VINCE and boy, I, it's like, I, I honestly, I've a million things that you and I can get to. I'm gonna do more of that today on the radio show. We always do this radio show nationwide, the VIN show from 12 to three.


For those of you who are on Rumble, perhaps you don't know, you probably do. We do the Rumble Live show from 10 to 11 Eastern time each morning. And then I take a an hour break to get a little bit of food, get get ready for the radio show, and then I'm right on with producer Jim, going nationwide from 12 to three. And you can watch that entire broadcast on Rumble and you can, you can make your comments, you can judge me for not staring at the camera enough or whatever it is that you wanna do. Everyone's got opinions and I love 'em. I'm, I'm really happy to hear 'em. A lot of, actually a lot of constructive feedback. I've been really appreciative of that. And I just wanna thank you again. Follow me on social media, go find all my social media accounts.


Would you follow me there so we can keep growing this thing as big as humanly possible and God bless you.