
Hey, good morning, you're on, VINCE. Great to have you with us today. We got a big show ahead, including a bunch of really important classified information that is now being released. A shocker dropped yesterday in a big cabinet meeting with the president of the United States by the head of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard. We will get to that. It's Friday. The dog is in the house. I've got major standing by. He is just sleeping right now. Right behind me. It is always so great to have you with us. Great to have you with us live rumble.com/ VINCE. If you're listening to this podcast, check in every so often on the the Rumble Stream. It's great. We have a great time here. Great to talk to the chat, and we've got a really big show ahead of us, including on the issue of illegal immigration.


All the fights the Trump administration is undertaking all the victories that we're having this week. It's been a good week. We've got a good show. It's all ahead on VINCE. Can't wait to get started here with you.


But first I have to tell you about one of our great sponsors. Tariffs have thrown the economy into some chaos as you've seen, and potential widespread inflation tied to massive supply chain disruptions has been weighing heavily on everybody, but there is a silver lining that a lot of people have missed. You know, president Trump specifically exempted gold and silver bullion from these sweeping tariffs. While these new policies are triggering significant financial chaos, the administration preserved your ability to diversify into precious metals. So if you're concerned at all about your savings, you can have a free consultation with a birch gold precious metals specialist. The very first step is just to text my name, VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8, and you'll receive your free no obligation info kit on gold. Learn how to hold gold in a tax sheltered account. Birch Gold will help you convert an existing IRA or 401k into a gold IRA for no money out of pocket. Is it finally time for you to diversify? Birch Gold has an a plus rating with the Better Business Bureau and thousands of thankful customers. So text my name VINCE to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. Again, text VINCE to 9 8 9 8 9 8 to claim your free info kit right now.


Well, again, happy Friday everybody. Great to have you with us. How's the chat feeling this morning? It was, I saw Avita just had a fantastic conversation with Natalie Winters over on her great program that she does every morning alive at at 9:00 AM right here on Rumble Doing that live. Great conversation and great to see you guys here. People saying happy Friday in the chat. Good morning, love this. Love this. Hey guys, I, I think that there were some big news yesterday Thursday that really didn't get the attention that it deserved. The President has been holding these regular cabinet meetings where he brings in the video cameras and shows his entire cabinet assembled around him, and then goes person by person, agency by agency, and gets them to give status reports to the American people on what is happening, what they're working on, and how they're trying to pursue the agenda that President Trump was elected on.


It's an amazing change of pace for, because this administration is doing exactly what the o the last administration did him. Joe Biden never held cabinet meetings, I think in his entire presidency. I believe he had two cabinet meetings, and that's without cameras. That's just sitting in the cabinet room, which is about 20 feet from the Oval Office. And Joe Biden didn't assemble the cabinet. Remember, the report side of the Biden administration were that cabinet level officials didn't even speak to Joe Biden. They couldn't get through to him. They couldn't place phone calls to the President of the United States. Imagine. And so now with a different president comes a different era, and President Trump is not only having cabinet meetings, but he's televising them for your consumption.


And they're actually really interesting for a million different reasons. RFK Jr was there yesterday talking about his fight against chronic disease. He's doing research into autism in particular, and why we've seen skyrocketing rates of that. He intends to release some of that data, he says by September. Additionally, you had people like Elon Musk in the room talking about the spending cut priorities of Doge. They're cutting, what, $4 billion a day in all sorts of out of control fraudulent spending. They've discovered millions of people, 5.5 million illegal aliens who've been given Social Security numbers over the course of the Biden administration. A total scandal, a total outrage, and people should be arrested and prosecuted for all of this, but really nice to get these status reports from these agency officials.


But the one agency official who reported yesterday, who I think had the jaw dropping news of the day, And it hasn't received anywhere near the attention at merits, is the Director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard. Tulsi Gabbard has been assigned with declassifying massive TROs of information. We've already seen gigantic releases of the JFK files. Those files revealed just how much the government did know that there was a, there was an incoming assassination attempt on John F. Kennedy. They didn't stop it. It happened. And of course, JFK ever since then has been the, the source of so many conspiracy theories as to who killed them and how and why.


And we're getting more of the lines colored in now, thanks to the Trump administration releasing that information. We are expecting more releases about assassinations. I'll play some video for you on that in just a moment. But here is the big screaming lead as in the big item that everybody needs to know about. Here's Tulsi Gabbard talking about our election system saying that these electronic voting machines, she's discovered classified information inside of the federal government showing that they are very vulnerable to manipulation. Take a look. I've Got a long list of things that we're investigating. We have the best of the best going after this election, integrity being one of them. We have evidence of, of how these electronic voting systems have been vulnerable to hackers for a very long time and vulnerable to exploitation, to manipulate the results of the votes being cast, which further drives forward, your mandate to bring about paper ballots across the country so that voters can have faith in the integrity of our elections.


We have classified information. This is stuff that the government has kept from you until now about how election machines in the United States of America are indeed vulnerable to vote manipulation. What were the counterarguments when people started raising this in 2020? They say, Hey, what's the deal? Like these, these voter machines? How, how susceptible are they to vote manipulation or people outright believing that there's straight up vote manipulation going on? One of the reactions to it is like, oh, no, these, these machines are not connected to the internet. There, there's no way that that could possibly happen. That's, that, that would never happen. This everything's on the up and up. It's a totally clean system. It's imper, it's impervious to that kind of hacking and manipulation.


What Tulsi Gabbard is conveying is the government knew that that was complete horse crap complete. The federal government knew that they had classified information indicating that these machines were vulnerable to these types of intrusions. And so Tulsi is saying that in this effort, one of the legs of her obligations, from the moment she was announced in this job, from the moment President Trump picked her to do this job, not only is she trying to gather the most important intelligence and it to the president of the United States, which is her job, she's also trying to defang the weaponization of the Intel community to declassify information about its abuses and to release it to the rest of us.


This is information that you and I own. We are entitled to this. And classification has been used not as a means of protecting the American people. It's been used as a means to protect the government's interests from the American people. And that has to change. So Tulsi Gabbard, who, I talked to Mike Ben earlier this week on the radio show, and when I, when I had a conversation with the great Mike Ben about all of this, he's got a, he's got great insight into the way the Intel community community operates, the way it manipulates definitely foreign countries, but also domestically, our own citizens. I asked him about Tulsi Gabbard. I was like, what do you think of her tenure here? What do you think of the tasks for forces she's been launching this week? She launched a task force that's dedicated to digging up all these abuses.


In fact, the acronym is Dig DIG, which is great. I said, do you like this? Are you happy with Tulsi? He loves Tulsi. He thinks she's the exact right woman for the job. And I do too. You know, Tulsi Gabbard is one of these people like President Trump, like RFK Jr, like Cash Patel, like General Flynn, like you can, the list keeps on going. On Carter Page, one of these people who has felt the business end of the government's tyranny, Tulsi Gabbard was being tracked on airplanes as a terrorist by the so-called Quiet Skies program, where she had air marshals covertly tracking her traffic.


That's the way they treated Tulsi Gabbard. She's a victim of this government's tyranny. And who was out to get Tulsi? Well, obviously the forces within the government who were trying to take her down, but it was specifically the Democrats as a party who wanted to take her down. Hillary Clinton considered her to be a Russian sto, merely because she did what she called out Hillary Clinton during a Democrat primary. That's insanity. But it's par for the course for Hillary Clinton. And as you've seen, especially with the Clintons, when the Clintons don't like someone, they lean on their contacts inside of the federal government to destroy them the, to destroy them.


What do you think the whole Trump Russia collusion thing was? The Trump Russia collusion story emanated out of the Hillary Clinton campaign, taking control of all of the levers of the federal government in order to try to destroy her political opponent. That's as simple as that. They, and they, and they laundered it through a bunch of different places. Hillary Clinton decides she wants to take down Trump. So they go, they, they hire a, their campaign attorney, mark Elias, who goes to fusion GPS, who goes to Christopher Steele, they concoct an entire array of horse crap about President Trump. They make up everything about him, and they use it to try and stop his candidacy and subsequently to paralyze his presidency.


Those are the abuses of the federal government, that those are the abuses at the behest of Hillary Clinton, who by the way, should be in jail for that behavior. And so here we have a woman who's been victimized Tulsi Gabbard by the very same forces, by the very same operations, and she's in charge of the Intel community. I love that. And so the update yesterday, and I am very eager for this. We, we have to just wait to see what comes out here from T Gabbard, but she says she has information about the vulnerability of electronic voting machines that needs to come out because these votes, she's being really clear, can be manipulated. IE rigged, IE switched. That matters a great deal. So the American people need some confidence here.


We need some transparency. We need a real airing out of everything that has happened in the past, and we need to get to some sanity. We got, we have to get to credible elections. Look at the beginning of this century. There was a commission, it was called the Carter Bakker Commission. Bakker was the Republican, and Carter was Jimmy Carter, the Democrat and the the Carter Baker Commission. Their job was to look into voting in the United States of America, voting, how do we make it more secure? How do we make it more believable? Do you know what the findings of that, that commission were? It was straightforward. We need voter id.


We need, we don't need mail-in ballots as few mail-in ballot ballots as possible because mail-in ballots are the most vulnerable to fraud. That's what Jimmy Carter said. That was earlier this very century. Well, Jimmy Carter's gone now, of course, Hillary Clinton saw to that. So there's no one to speak up on the left for election integrity anymore. Yeah, policy Gabbard was a Democrat, but in order to tell the truth, apparently you have to be a Republican, which she is now. And she's the head of the intelligence community, the director of National Intelligence. So, so the election integrity stuff I'm waiting for, and I'm, I'm eager for, I'm really glad to hear from her. Really glad to hear from her.


Let me get to another part of what she said yesterday. She was talking about the assassinations of RFK Senior and Martin Luther King Jr. Recall that President Trump, once all of these files declassified, here's Tulsa Gabbard with the update. And lastly, we've been scanning, I've had over a hundred people working around the clock to scan the paper around RFK, Senator Robert f Kennedy's assassination, as well as Martin Luther King Jr's assassination. These have been sitting in boxes in storage for decades. They have never been scanned or seen before. We'll have those ready to release here within the next few days. That's great. Bobby, how do you feel about that?


That's close. I'm very gratified. That's hitting close to home. Isn. Yeah, no kidding. When you think, I'm thinking about Bobby, when he, when that statement's made very grateful to you, Mr. President. Yeah. What a weird circumstance, isn't it? That RFK Junior's in the room as he hears from Tulsa Gabbard. Yeah. We're releasing all of the files on your father's assassination. Amazing. Really useful, useful. I I, I like the transparency. This is what we want. And there's really no question at this point is there that the Trump presidency in both of its forms has been the most transparent administration we've ever had. Definitely true.


You know, the, the JFK files, it, it goes all the way back to the early nineties that the federal government was required by law to release the JFK files, and yet it didn't with president, after president, after president refusing to release the files until now. Now, are all of the files on JFK released? I don't think So. I think there's a lot more that could be released. And my, my sincere hope and suspicion is that Tulsa Gabb is trying to get to the bottom of that. She did say earlier this week that she's encountered officials inside of the federal government who have been resisting her efforts to declassify. This is what she said on the Fox News Channel earlier this week.


Take a look at this. The more we dig, the more we find, and we see how people are sometimes in, in some cases, resistant to providing us with those documents. In other cases, they have been hidden in with the hopes that no one would ever find them. We've encountered officials who've been resistant to giving us those documents. In other cases, they've been hidden with the hope that nobody would ever find them. Well, I know exactly what you're thinking. If the person, if people are resisting lawful orders, people are resisting doing the, the, the will of the president of the United States as laid out in executive orders.


This is not just Tulsi Gabbard saying this, But that would be good enough. The president of the United States has declassified these documents and said, give them up. And what Tulsi is describing is deep state resistance that continues into this very day that there are people trying to subvert the president's agenda inside of the administration. Now, we've seen this play out any number of ways over the course of just these first few months of the Trump administration already. Remember, it wasn't that long ago that we had a New York Times report that the CIA was spying on the cartels via drones in Mexico. How does a report like that get out?


The Trump administration wouldn't release that. They wouldn't give up a classified program to surveil the people who were involved in killing Americans. No. That gets leaked by someone who's trying to subvert the president's agenda to stop us from spying on the cartels. In fact, it kind of makes me see, feel like whoever leaked that is actually owned by the cartels bought and paid for, if you're gonna leak that kind of information to jeopardize an operation designed to track the people who are killing Americans. That's been released. We saw another iteration of this this past week just on the, like bizarre attacks on Dan Bonino for having a security detail assigned to him.


Quite obviously, because the threats to him are so great that the deputy director needs a, a security detail that reportedly goes beyond what they normally get. Well, that makes a lot of sense. He's high profile. The left is out for blood. As you know, 55% of lefties think it's perfectly fine to assassinate the president of the United States, just under a majority. Think it be perfectly fine to assassinate Elon Musk. What do you think they think about Dan Bonino? So where do these reports come from? If not, and of course, these, these outlets are saying that they're officials who are inside of the government now who've given them that information.


Those are deep state rats who are doing that. We're trying to subvert the agenda. And so what Tulsi is describing here is that she's encountering resistance from inside of the Intel community to give up documents that the president has ordered to be released and that there's been a, an effort to hide documents to keep them out of sight of the American people. So here's what I wanna say. First and foremost, firings obviously, but I also wanna see prosecutions. If you are running afoul of the law, if you're screwing over the American people, if you're violating your oath of office, you should be held accountable to the full extent of whatever the laws are that's surround that because it's enough.


We have to send a warning, a message, don't we? We have to send some some big warning shots to anybody else who thinks that they can enter the government and subvert the will of the American people. You cannot, and that's why accountability is so important. It's not just to hold the bad actors who've already done the bad things accountable. It's a deterrent. It's designed to prevent other people from becoming bad actors into, from working against the American people. So some important announcements this week from Tulsi Gabbard. Really appreciate her efforts here. Let's see. The, the chat is agreeing here. Bahama Coconuts, great name by the way. Makes me ready for the weekend. Let's see, some arrests.


Totally agree, says Dallas babe. 22. Yeah, treason is treason, says Janet. So we've got, we've got a lot of really big good reactions coming in here, Mr. Hanky, the talking Poh South Park reference says that's right. Accountability and yes, prosecute them as ette. So you're with me. You wanna see, you wanna see accountability here. Now, before we get to thanking our sponsors again this hour to make all of this content free, do you also wanna see major? Lemme see if we can take a look if Major is activated by all of this major. How we feeling? Major, major is gonna be, he's gonna sleep until we get accountability. He's like, wake me up when somebody gets arrested.


So that's the major cam this hour. Hilarious. Thanks, major thanks for your, thanks for your involvement in the show. He is very excited today.


Hey, let me, let me give a couple thank yous to the great sponsors behind this program. I genuinely, genuinely appreciate these guys. They're people who love America. And my, our, one of our key sponsors here, true Patriots themselves, Patriot Mobile. While we may have won this election, the fight to restore our great nation is only just beginning. Now is the time to take a stand. Patriot Mobile is leading the charge as America's only Christian conservative wireless provider. Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and our freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you will get outstanding nationwide coverage because they operate on all three major networks. And if you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But the difference is every dollar you spend, well, it supports a company that believes in the first and second amendments, the sanctity of life and our veterans and first responders. Switching is so easy. Keep your number, keep your phone, or even upgrade their 100%. US-based customer support team is going to help you find the perfect plan. All you have to do right now is go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE, or call 9 7 2 Patriot and you will get a free month of service with the promo code. VINCE, switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend Freedom with every call and text that you make. Visit Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot nine seven two Patriot.


All right, let's see. Oh, Janet says, major needs to wake up and give me some back talk. Don't worry. Major, major. Actually, he never back talks Me major's, the perfect dog. I'm sorry. I, I can't, I can't Besmirch major. I was gonna make a joke at his expense, but I can't. He's just a good boy. He's just right. Maj. Hey, major. Come here. Come here, buddy. Come on. Come on. Say hello. Say hello. Poor guy. I know you're probably angry at me that I woke him up. Come here. Come here. Say hello, bud. There he is. Major's a good boy. All right. Back into the content. I know, I know. All right, so we've got some revelations from the Intel community. Now I wanna get into the left's efforts to try and get rid of all of this change.


You know, a guy called Al Green? You familiar with him? No, not the singer. That's, that's the good Al Green. That's the Al Green that I like. He's the better one. No, the Congressman Al Green, a complete lunatic who, you know for years has really tried to achieve what Jasmine Crockett has achieved, which is to be so theatrically stupid that everyone talks about their stupidity. Al Green is, he's, he's a lot lower on the totem pole. He just, for whatever reason, he doesn't know how to get a message across. He doesn't know how to captivate everybody's attention. But he keeps hitting the same old sheet of music. Al Green this week has announced yet again that he wants to impeach the President of the United States.


Why? It doesn't matter. Here's cut to Al Green announcing impeachment for Trump. Impeachment is imminent. The filing of articles of impeachment is imminent. We are currently in a countdown to impeachment. No, we're not. Now those who know me know that I wouldn't say this if I were not going to move on with it. So I don't know what you have up your sleeve, but I do know that we will prevent you from having a third term. And the best way to do it is to not have you finish this term. And the best way to do this is to have you impeached and convicted and removed from office.


It can be done. I'm telling you, it can be done. The law says it can be done. We, but only have to have the will to do it. The way is before us. The will is what is necessary. This Guy's a lunatic to Implement the way to an impeachment and a removal of Donald John Trump as President of the United States of America. You know, this guy is like, is such a lunatic for any number of reasons. One, do you see the, do you see how he's waving his cane in the photo That was from the president's joint address to Congress. That's where the, the sergeant at arms had to eject Al Green for disrupting the speech and refusing to sit his dumb rear end back down in his seat.


He's waving his cane around. The sergeant arms removes him. The house censured him for that. So the only person who's really gonna face house consequences is al Green for his insane behavior. He's been censured for that. Also impeached him for what? Exactly. Earlier this year, Al Green announced that he wanted to impeach Trump for dastardly deeds. Dastardly deeds, which is hilarious. And it kind of makes me wish the founders put dastardly deeds into the Constitution. 'cause that would've been a really funny line to read whenever we had, we talked about this subject, but no, you can't be impeached for dastardly deeds. And he doesn't even describe what those deeds are. He doesn't feel like he has to. I don't like him, therefore, he needs to be thrown out of office.


That's the position of Al Green here. And this is of course, as you know, not the first time he's attempted to impeach the president of the United States. How about a nice little trip down memory, lame every time President Trump has. Well, Donna, a year in office, Al Green is attempted to impeach him. Watch The form of the re resolution is as follows, articles of impeachment against Donald J. Trump, president of the United States of America, 2017, his first year. The Form of the resolution is as follows, resolution impeaching Donald John Trump.


Boy, he talks slow p President of the United States. He's reading it Of high misdemeanors. He's having trouble reading it. The Form of the resolution is as follows. The third year in a row, Impeaching Donald John Trump, president of the United States of High misdemeanors. Amazing. Just amazing. So how's that gone Al Green. And remember, like when they finally were able to push forward a couple of impeachments against Trump, that Al Green wasn't given the job of leading the operation. They even the left thinks he's ridiculous. Like, like the moment of impeachment has arrived.


Okay, let's send out our impeachment guy. No, no, no, no. Let's keep Al Green back. That guy's an idiot. He's gonna ruin everything. Leave Al Green behind, which they did. And so there's Al Green yet again, trying to sing from the same sheet of music that never works for him, ever. Amazing 20 Sunflower 73 saying, yeah, he was tossed out for his behavior. I don't like Representative Al Green. Yeah, Helene, I love how people wanna impeach President Trump. Why? Because he is putting America and Americans first, because he is cutting waste, because he is holding other countries accountable. Well, yeah. Look, what do the Democrats not like about Trump? The thing they don't like about Trump is that he exposes them for how rigged the game has been to for their benefit.


It's as simple as that. They hate that Trump has exposed the corruption of Washington, that he's changing the status quo, that he's breaking the globalists, that he's rating U-S-I-A-I-D ending that ridiculous scheme, that slush fund that was only designed to advance the interest of the left. This is what they hate. They hate that the, the operations that have enriched them, the type of stuff that has enriched Nancy Pelosi through the years has, is now being scrutinized. So they gotta get rid of him. Like, really can't have him doing that. So it's pretty great, pretty great seeing all that.


So, Al Green, what a goon that dude is, once again trying to impeach Trump Fecklessly waving around a cane on the house floor. What a loser. All right, that's the, that's the update on the, the latest to impeach President Trump. Now I wanna get into some of the more, some of the reasons why they wanna impeach him beyond just finding their slush funds. Also, the left goals with immigration. The, the open borders that we've had in our country have quite obviously been to change the composition of the electorate and to rig the number of human bodies who are in the country so that they can add more congressional seats with every successive census. They haven't been shy about admitting this. They've, they've said for years that they need to do this.


And so they've been doing it. They did it a lot under Joe Biden as we had many, many millions of illegal foreign nationals come into the country. Many, many, many, many millions. And so President Trump is turning all of that around. And this week we have a couple of really, really big announcements on that subject, including the fact that we have now thousands of illegal aliens who are self deporting from the United States. They're so worried about the heat that Tom Holman and Christie Nome and President Trump are bringing two illegals who are in the country. They're self deporting now. They're self deporting so efficiently, they're notifying the federal government of their self deportations.


I'll give you all the details on that in just a moment. And all of the new developments on securing America's borders. I've got great news to finish the week with you in just a moment. As we get there, though, I wanna make sure to say a thank you to our great sponsors.


Delete Me is one of those great sponsors. Me, people in our country illegally can self support easy way. It so easy, quick, and safe to remove your personal data. And at a time when surveillance and data breachs are common enough to make everyone vulnerable, to allow 1 million aliens to Illegally enter data is a commodity. Your name, your contact info, your social security number. Hello Illegals have been stealing Social security numbers, home address, even information about your family members. It can all be compiled by data brokers and sold online. This can lead of course to identity theft. What are we talking about here? Phishing attempts and harassment. But now you can protect your privacy with Delete Me. You know, it's not often that you can take control of your information online. Delete me, lets you do this. Take control of your data, keep your private life private. Sign up for Delete Me Now at a special discount for our listeners today. Get 20% off your Delete Me Plan by texting VINCE to 64,000. The only way to get 20% off is to text VINCE to 64,000. That's VINCE to 6 4 0 0 0 message and data rates apply.


And if you own a handgun for self-defense, do you own a handgun? Well, your storage likely fits into one of two frustrating categories. It's either locked away, meaning it's safe, but it's out of reach. If an emergency occurs or it's unsecured, leaving it vulnerable to anyone, well stop Box. USA saw this problem and they designed a really cool groundbreaking solution, which I own. It's the Stop Box Pro. You see with the Stop Box Pro, you're never gonna have to choose between security and readiness. Again, it's ingenious and it's got a push button locking system that gives you fast, reliable access when every second matters. No hassle for keys, no reliance on batteries. It is 100% mechanical. So in other words, it works every time without any power required whatsoever. So for a limited time only our listeners, our viewers are getting a crazy good deal. Not only do you get 10% off your entire order when you use the code, VINCE, at Stop Box USA, they're also giving you buy one get one free for their Stop Box Pro. That's 10% off and a free Stop Box Pro when you use the code, VINCE at stop box usa.com. So get one for you and the misses, or you and the Mister, depending on who's listening right now, discover a better way to balance security and readiness with stop box. That's stop box usa.com. Use the code. This? Yeah, baby stop box. Love stop box. Yeah. DCN Lance says Stop box rocks. I've got one for all of my handguns. Very cool. Yeah, it's a, it's a great, it's a great device, great box.


Okay, our border, let's talk about our border and what's happening here. We've got some very good updates, major, once again sleeping. We've got some very good updates on, on the border here. Self deportations are exploding. The, the report that has just come out from the Trump administration is that thousands of illegals are now self deporting from the United States of America voluntarily. Now these, there there've been a lot of self deportations that go unrecorded. The New York Times has been reporting on those. But take a look at this. This is a, this is some, this is an update from Fox Thousands leave country voluntarily amid Trump self deport push.


DHS says. And the reason they know that is because remember, the president of the United States repurposed the CBP one app. It is now the CBP Home app. That was the app that the, the Biden administration was using to import illegals into the country saying, well, just enter on this app that you wanna come in and then we'll get you in. It was kind of like Uber for illegals, a taxpayer expense. And the Trump administration said, whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait a second. Wait a second here. Let's flip this around. We'll keep the app, we'll just make it so that if you want to get out of the country, here's how you do it. You use the app now and you can self deport.


And if you do it that way, maybe just, maybe someday you might be possibly permitted an opportunity to come back to the United States. But if you don't, if we catch you and we deport you, well, we're gonna forbid you from coming back forever. Take a look. This is when President Trump announced that there's an app for this cut one. Here's President Trump announcing just a few short weeks ago that there's an app to self deport. He very cheerfully told illegal aliens, people in Our country illegally can self deport the easy way or they can get deported the hard way. And that's not pleasant. The Biden administration exploited the CPP one app to allow more than 1 million aliens to illegally enter the United States.


Now my administration is launching the CBP home app to give people in our country illegally an easy way to leave now and self deport voluntarily amazing. If they do, they could potentially have the opportunity to return legally at some point in the future, maybe. But if they do not avail themselves of this opportunity, then they will be found, they will be deported out of the deal and they'll never be admitted again to the United States ever, ever again. You're never coming in, You're never coming in. Using the CBP Home app to leave the United States voluntarily is the safest option for illegal aliens. Our law enforcement.


It's also saves the US taxpayer dollars and valuable CBP. That's right. And ICE resources and all of those resources are necessary to focus on dangerous criminal aliens love. And that's What we we're focused on, guys, this is perfect. Hey, the c you have P Home app is now available free Across. Thank you. That's perfect. No, the, so the, the, the message well received and the president laying out, look, look, it costs a lot of money for us to round everybody up. It costs a lot of money in manpower. And actually it's also unsafe because the more raids we have to do, the more we imperil the men and women that we assigned to do that. So let's not do that. Let's take, let's get rid of that problem. How about you just deport yourself at your own expense and you register on the CBP home app, and then maybe we'll give you this little incentive.


Here's a little carrot for you that maybe you can come back someday. Now, preferably, I hope they don't come back. I hope, I hope this is just a, I hope this is just the Trump administration coming up with an art of the deal style arrangement and saying, Hey, yeah, yeah, you can get out. You can get out. But don't you love President Trump saying we can do this the easy way or the hard way. Every time I hear that phrase, it reminds me of, back to the future, remember this scene? No. Hey, Hey, great. You come with us upstairs. There we go, Sonny. We can do this the easy way or the hard way. Yeah, that was the easy way. The easy way.


That's really funny. Alright, so that's, that was the president's announcement. Since then, the update is now that at least 5,000 people, five a little over 5,000 people have begun doing this. They got the app, they heard the president's message, and they said, okay, I'm in, I'm in. I I don't want the heat. Lemme sign up for this thing. So the self deportations are occurring. They come as the Trump administration has ramped up this messaging campaign aimed at encouraging illegals to leave the country voluntarily. Most recently releasing a flyer addressed to illegal aliens, which is by the way, the legal term for foreign nationals who are here illegally that threatens new fines for those who choose to remain in the United States despite a deportation order.


You got that part. They are threatening new fines for those who choose to remain in the US despite a deportation order. Let's address that component. Now we've got another piece here to incentivize getting out of the country. This week the Trump administration has announced they will administer fines of just under $1,000 per day to illegals who stay in the country illegally. Fox's report here, the Trump administration plans to begin finding illegals subject to a deportation order, $998 a day.


If they don't leave the United States illegal aliens should use the CBP home app. They're saying at DHS and leave the country. Now, if they don't, they will face the consequences. This includes a fine of 998 bucks a day for overstaying. Your final deportation order, this is based on a 1996 law. I want people to pay attention to this because there's, there's a lot of misinformation going on from the legacy press right now, and I know that the, the instinct is like, I don't believe the legacy press anyway, that's fine. But there are people out there who do, there are people who are still being duped by the legacy media.


And I want you to be equipped with the weapons to fight back here. There is a 1996 law that was not enforced until President Trump's first term, which says that you have to apply these fines to illegals. He continue to stay in the country beyond their deportation orders. The administration plans to apply these penalties retroactively to illegals up to five years, resulting in fines of more than a million dollars. An administration official told Reuters the first to report on the fines. The administration could also seize property from illegals who failed to pay the penalty. The report notes, Fox News has obtained a flyer that shows the benefits and consequences for illegals who failed to self deport.


They say self deportation is safe. You can leave on your own terms, pick your departure flight get out, is the, is the message here. Other benefits of self deporting include allowing non-criminal illegals to keep money that they earned in the United States and allowing illegals to maintain eligibility possibly for potential future legal immigration. While some illegals may even be eligible for subsidized flights, if they have trouble affording a ticket, can't afford one, one will be provided to you. Meanwhile, the consequences section of the flyer warns that anybody who fails to self deport will be apprehended by DHS with no opportunity to get your affairs in order beforehand. So do you wanna do this the easy way or the hard way?


So the this is, this is good, this is good news. You've got the, the Trump administration saying, we're gonna use the law here, the law that's available to us to do this. And then we've got another piece here on what the Trump administration is doing and how they're tracking these illegals. The Trump administration just won a huge case yesterday in front of a federal judge, a judge called Trevor Neil McFadden. And this allows the Trump administration, they, the, the judge said, yes, it is legal for the Trump administration under the law to force illegal aliens who are in the country to register with the federal government, to force them to register with the federal government so we know who they are and where they are.


Look at this. The Trump administration was handed another win on Thursday after a federal judge ruled that everyone in the US illegally must register with the federal government and carry documentation. Well, sure, let me emphasize a, an important detail here. Every American citizen is registered with the US government. It's called your Social Security number. You are registered as being a citizen of the United States by the United States Federal Government. So this, I I I've already seen some lefties saying that this is like Nazi Germany stuff. Oh, we're gonna force illegals to register use psychos.


Americans are registered with the federal government illegals who shouldn't be here. We should know who's here. So whatever we can do to compel them to comply here, we should do. Now does that mean that these illegals are all of us, all of a sudden gonna pop up and say, oh, I'm gonna register? No, probably not, probably not. But it is within the federal government's right to attempt to compel that for the purposes of ejecting them from the country. This is great news. It is entirely consistent with what we're asking President Trump to do. The Associated Press reported that Trevor Neil McFadden, he's the Judge Fox says he was appointed by President Trump, which means he's not a psycho, hopefully sided with the administration after arguing it was an enforcing an existing requirement, an existing requirement for everybody in the country who is not a citizen of the United States.


Rather than rule on the substance of the Trump administration's arguments, McFadden ruled that the group pushing to stop the requirement didn't even have standing to pursue their claims. McFadden's ruling will go into effect today, meaning it's in effect today, Friday, the Department of Homeland Security said Thursday, the deadline to register for anybody who's been in the country for 30 days or more is today adding that the registration requirement will be enforced to the fullest. Here's what Christie Noam said on the subject, president Trump and I have a clear message for those in our country, illegally leave. Now, if you leave, you might have the opportunity to return and enjoy our freedom. The Trump administration will enforce all of our immigration laws. We will not pick and choose which laws we enforce.


He said the DHS began warning illegals already in February. They've gotta get outta the country or face serious consequences. They're enforcing. The Immigration and Nationality Act, of course, started in 1952 and the tools that that act created included criminal penalties for illegals who choose not to leave. The United States fail to register with the federal government and get fingerprinted and fail to notify the federal government of changes to their address. Illegals who failed to depart the United States will be charged with a crime resulting in a significant penalty. DHSS. All right, so again, just to be clear about the counterpoint to the left's lies today on this subject.


This is not Nazi Germany. This is protecting the United States of America from people who are invading it. It is enforcing the law and the Immigration and Nationality Act included tools for DHS that said, you need to leave the US or else face penalties. You need to register with the federal government here and you need to get fingerprinted and you have to notify the federal government if you attempt to change your address in the United States. That's all under the law. This isn't arbitrary. This is real. This is the law. And the left is once again lying about it. Lying, lying about it to your face.


Here's another thing they're lying about. You see what the Supreme Court did in the last 24 hours. There's a nine zero decision that the media are absolutely crowing about. This involves the case of the MS 13 gangster that the Trump administration deported to El Salvador. Now, we've talked about the contours of this case a bunch of times, but the really simple Cliffs Notes version are that you have a guy here where all signs point that he's MS 13. He's definitely an illegal alien in the country. He's definitely a Salvadorian. So sending an El Salvador into El Salvador, well that's, that's exactly what you want. But at some point, he, he filed for a protective status from the federal government, from the Biden administration, and he was granted a protective status on the basis of the idea that a rival gang back in El Salvador might hurt him if he was returned to his home, country and home community.


That would be the 18th Street gang rivals of MS 13 and El Salvador. So, so the federal government said, okay, we'll protect you from this deportation for that reason, which I think is a terrible decision for a bunch of reasons. But regardless, that protection existed. So when he was deported from the United States and sent to that president in El Salvador, the only thing the Trump administration came out and gave him me a couple on is, oh our bad. We didn't realize he had that protection, but it's too late. He's in the hands of the Salvador ands, that's his home country. It's up to El Salvador with what to do with him. Now, that was, that's, that's the summary of the whole story. Well, the left has been fighting to get the MS 13 guy back into the country and the Trump administration's saying, yeah, no, we're not invading El Salvador to retrieve an MS 13 guy and bring him back.


He can stay there and you can shove it. That's been the position of the Trump administration. And so yesterday, the Supreme Court ruling on this, they, here, here's how, let me just share with you the way, the way CNN is presenting this, because they're misleading their audience. And a lot of the left has just been straight up misleading the audience Today, they say, Supreme Court says, Trump must facilitate return of man mistakenly deported to El Salvador. Now, of course, they're say they're calling him a man. Some of these headlines call him Maryland father. This just the most sympathetic possible presentations here. But here's what the headline doesn't tell you. The lead kind of begins to tell you what's going on.


The Supreme Court on Thursday required President Trump's administration to quote, facilitate the return of a Maryland man mistakenly deported to El Salvador, but stopped short of requiring the government to return him to the United States. So here's the distinction that the, that the press by and large doesn't wanna spend a lot of time dwelling on. You've seen just in the last few hours, a ton of headlines insisting the idea here is that Trump has to bring him back. No, no, no, no, no. That's not what they said. No, you think Clarence Thomas, really? You think Justice Clarence Thomas is gonna be on the side of Oh yes, that we've gotta bring an MS 13 guy back that the law says that no way in hell.


Is that the way it came down? No. What actually happened is the court said that you must facilitate it if it occurs. If El Salvador decides, Hey, we're gonna send this guy back to the United States of America. The United States has to be open to receiving the MS 13 guy by virtue of the law. That's it. That's, that's the ruling from the Supreme Court yesterday. What they further went on to say in the nine zero decision is that the federal government doesn't have to quote effectuate that meaning it doesn't have to make it happen, compel it to happen. The United States has no obligation to say, give us back the MS 13 guy.


All they're saying is, Hey, in the event that that occurs, would you make it a smooth transition, please? That's it from the Supreme Court. So dramatic overstatement today from the media that the United States Supreme Court's trying to bring an MS 13 guy back. It's bull crap. It's not real. It's not real at all. It's that if it occurs, you've gotta deal with it. That's it. But you don't have to compel these guys to do anything. In fact, the judge involved in this case, this, it was, who tried to force all this, it was a US district judge, Paula Zenni out of the northern district of California, was trying to take control of the federal government's behavior as it deals with these sensitive foreign policy discussions.


This is exactly where a judge should keep her big fat face outta the subject. It's not her business, it's the business of the executive branch. It's the business of the president of the United States. So that's a, that's a really, really good development. The Supreme Court's saying, yeah, this guy doesn't have to come back, but if he does, you know, you're gonna have to deal with that problem If it arrives, but a nine oh decision that President Trump can definitely look at and say, okay, good, I'm glad that's stupid. Saga is over. We're gonna have to bring this guy back. It's, it is amazing. Isn't it amazing though, how instantly this stuff gets distorted, the press takes it, they jam it through a distortion filter, and then they deliver it to you, and then they're just lying brazenly to your face.


That's about as typical as it possibly gets. All right, let me see here. I've got, oh, this is fantastic. I've got one for you on, on the border. Check this out. All right, so here's a, here's a story for you on, there's a man in north Texas. His name's Robert Wilson King, and he has threatened to shoot and kill ice agents. This man threatened to shoot and kill ice agents. Here. Take a look at this. This is from the federal government. This is from the US Attorney's Office from the Northern District of Texas earlier this week who say that this man has now been arrested and charged for his threats to kill ice agents.


And I'm gonna show you some of the, the posts here. A north Texas man who threatened to shoot and kill ice agents was arrested and charged in federal court, according to the acting US attorney for the Northern District of Texas called Chad Meacham. Robert Wilson King is 35 years old. He was just charged the beginning of April, April 3rd for transmitting an interstate threat. King making his initial appearance this week on Monday. And he had a detention hearing that was set for Wednesday. According to the complaint, on March 29th, king posted a threat on social media and he said, quote, if I see ice agents in my neighborhood, I'm opening fire.


It's time to stop being censored keywords and put the second amendment to work. Ice are not real cops. He said, which is false. They are secret police force with no real legal authority. Kill them. He said later he posted to yet another social media platform quote. I just wanna double down on what I said the other day. If ICE comes to your neighborhood, effing shoot them and kill them. No verse mercy for the Gestapo. That's what this dude said. And so the authorities took him into custody.


Now, this is, these are not the only things that this guy has said in public, and these are not the only people that he's threatened to kill. Not just ice agents. But my, one of my favorite features of the week is that not only was he arrested, he was perp walked. And here is the photo. Look, take a look at this. Here's the photo. Bill Milus at the Fox News Channel has posted the photo of what it looks like. Now this is, this is unbelievably fun. Look at this guy. So they brought him outside the courthouse and they surrounded him with police officers and they took a photo with him.


Look how grumpy this dude is. I, can I zoom? I gotta zoom in on this. Hold up a second. Let me, let me show you how grumpy this dude is. Look how sad he is. And is he, is he wearing a backwards baseball cap? What is going, they should take that cap off of him. Oh, this, this has to be the arrest. 'cause look, his pockets are turned out. They've already patted him down. He's got leg irons on. He's in handcuffs. This is fantastic. And you've got police. This is an interagency operation. You have police, state police, homeland security, they've all come and they've arrested this idiot. Oh my gosh, this is fantastic news. So, so there you go. That's the, the update here from this bozo who's just been arrested by the, by the feds taken into custody.


That is, isn't that a great picture? That is, that just brings a song to my heart and a tear to my eye. What a wonderful, wonderful photo. I'm, I'm loving that. Now, additionally, this guy has posted a lot of other crazy crap. As I mentioned, he, he also threatened to burn a Tesla. Take a look. Let me, let me get the zoom back right on this so you can see it again. On March 18th, he reposted another social media post that said, US Attorney General Pam Bondi issues chilling message to anti-US protestors. If you're gonna touch a Tesla, go to a dealership, do anything, you better watch out. We're coming after you. He responded under a pseudonym called Rob Gutierrez.


Quote, I'm absolutely going to burn a Tesla. Now, ed Morrissey over at hot air writing about this. And then he said, this one might be the one that he'll regret the most. The quote, the current director of the FBI needs to be shot and killed, and I hope he sees this. I'm so serious, I dare you to arrest me. Mother Effer, you are a Gestapo piece of bleep who doesn't belong in our government or even country get effed. Well, I guess he found out he dared the FBI to arrest him. And so they did. They, they arrested this idiot. And now we get, now we get this amazing photo of him that I, I am, I just adore how this story played out.


So good. Send him to El Salvador. Would you send him, figure out a way. Remember President Trump earlier this week was asked about this, would you send American criminals to El Salvador? And he goes, you know, that's a good idea. Maybe we should, maybe we should. Maybe we should send them in. Yeah. So we, we, we, we, we love to send our criminals to El Salvador, don't we, folks? Just amazing the the chat. Loving this fa fo I do see people encouraging me to swear. I I'm trying to, I'm trying to look, I got a lot of conflicting input on this show, and, and among the input I get, some of the strongest input I get on this program comes from my own dear mother.


And she's, she has asked me to try and limit the swearing as much as humanly possible. So I, as a, as a favor to Mrs. Colonize, I'm doing everything I can to keep her happy. I just wanna let you know, but you're right, FAFO inaction here as this guy gets taken, charged, arrested. I love it. I love it. Everybody's, everybody's pumped for this and rightfully so. Isn't that great? What a, what a nice story. What a nice, heartwarming story. Yeah, it's lent, VINCE, you cannot swear. It says K and Jr. And graphite urging me not to swear. Which did you put a Canadian flag in that post graphite? What's that for? But, but thank you.


Thank you. I agree with your mother. I'm getting lots of, lots of good things. All right. Well, look, trust me, there'll be, there'll be occasional swearing, but I'm, I'm trying to resist it as much as possible. Yeah, yeah. Hey, one more thing on accountability I wanna share with you, because this is also a fun story. There was a, a Space force commander who just was fired. You know, JD Vance just went to Greenland recently and he visited a PITTU space space. My apologies if you're on Pitu space base and I'm mispronouncing that. Maybe it's Pat. They, there's a space force base there on Greenland and military.com. Had a report this week, just days after Vice President JD Vance's March visit to Pat Pat Space base in Greenland, the installation commander, a woman, she sent out an email to the base distancing the whole base from the vice president's criticism of Denmark.


Her name is Colonel Susan Myers, and she's the commander of the 800. She was the commander of the 821st space base group. And she wrote the following in an email quote, I do not presume to understand current politics, but what I do know is the concerns of the US administration discussed by Vice President Vance on Friday are not reflective of UFF space. Myers wrote in the email, I'm sorry, what? The views of the vice president of the United States are not consistent with a US military base.


Remind me again, who you work for. Remind me about that chain of command that you're supposed to honor, that you expect your subordinates to honor. What the hell is this? So the commander of the base just comes along and says, yeah, we're gonna ignore the vice president of the United States. Talk about an FAFO moment. Here's the update from the Pentagon. Sean Parnell, the assistant to the Secretary of Defense for public affairs, released this statement. Colonel Susanna Miners Myers, commander of Pat Space Base has been removed from command by Colonel Kenneth Clark, the commander of Space Base Delta one on April 10th for loss of confidence in her ability to lead.


Commanders are expected to adhere to the highest standards of conduct, especially as it relates to remaining non-partisan in the performance of their duties. Colonel Sean Lee has assumed command Sean Parnell adding the following here, actions to undermine the chain of commander to subvert President Trump's agenda will not be tolerated at the Department of Defense. Well, that was pretty fast. So she sends a stupid base wide email and then the the requisite consequences emerge for her career. So we end the week with some more FAFO, and I'm grateful to you as always for joining me. What a nice audience. It is the best audience in all of media. It really is. Up next here on Rumble.


For those of you who are watching live on Rumble rumble.com/ VINCE, well, Stephen Crowder's coming. So have a fantastic weekend. Enjoy Crowder. Can't wait to talk to you on Monday.