
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host, Dan Bonino. Okay, so I've never told this story on the air before. It's not that I was trying to hide it from you. It's just, it's a political show. And Ladies and gentlemen, the Secret service and my stories with them are not the subject of everyone's life when other things are going on. Unfortunately, the Secret Service has made themselves a story by putting together a faulty security plan that got a man murdered in front of his family, and Donald Trump shot in the head, along with two others. And now there's a unique opportunity to fix a government entity to fix it, which we rarely, if ever get, and I'm not letting the opportunity go.


So I'm gonna share something with you. but I do have a lot to get to today. Big show on this Friday.


Hey, you've heard me rave about Beam's Dream Powder. Get it now. Stop delaying this stuff. Change my life. They're offering their largest discount at shop Beam dot com slash bonino. Use code Bonino.


We got a big show for you today, folks. Don't go anywhere because this story's gonna blow your mind. And it speaks to the culture of mismanagement and risk aversion. The secret services been engaged in for years. They got lucky for a long time. They're not lucky anymore. A man was murdered in front of his family. Don't ever forget that. A lot to talk about.


Hey, getting a good night's sleep is so important to your overall wellness. I slept like a champ last night. I really feel great today. It's why I'm thrilled to tell how much I love my new Helix mattress. So I just got another one. We moved. So I left one here because we're doing something with this place. I love it. I'm sleeping and feeling better. They have their award-winning, lux and ultra premium elite conditions. They have 20 unique mattresses. They also have the Helix plus a mattress designed for big and tall sleepers and the Helix Kids Mattress designed for growing bodies. Take the Helix sleep quiz, find the perfect mattress for you in under two minutes, and your personalized mattress is shipped straight to your door. Free of charge. Helix offers a 100 night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty to try out your new Helix mattress. Every Helix mattress is a hybrid design combining individually wrapped steel coils in the base with premium foam layers on top. It's a perfect combination of comfort and support. Even better, the setup was fast and super easy. Helix is offering up to 20% off all mattress orders and two free pillows. For our listeners, go to Helix sleep.com/dan. That's Helix sleep.com/dan. It's our best offer yet and it won't last long with Helix. Better sleep starts an hour, right? Fellas?


Hot show on a Friday. The most important news item of the day. However, do you guys know? They're like I This the first, no, no, no. You don't. This is a little surprise. There's two special birthdays today. Nuro Uno, the lovely Paulita, my spouse, my partner, my partner in some crimes. It depends. My date night. That's for another day. It is her birthday. Today she is 27.5. She looks at, at least never tell you, tell women it's your birthday. I'm so happy to spend it with you. She loved my card this morning too. Just wanna put that out there.


It's also my father's birthday. He's 73. Happy birthday dad. My only living parent. So you know, I love you both. But special thing. So everybody in the chat wish the lovely Paula a happy birthday today. She is. She is. Let's just say a very special person. And I think it was all laid out in my card. Alright, now let's get to the news de jour. I promise I'm gonna tell you this story and it's gonna blow your mind. I'm not holding it unnecessarily. I just wanna get to this first. But we've got a freaking election to win. And yesterday this prisoner exchange happened, which is great. We want our people home. I get it. Period. Full stop.


I say that with the purest of hearts. However, Ladies and gentlemen, the details matter. And not only me, but some other conservative outlets are now starting to ask questions like, Hey man, what did we give up for this deal? Because if we gave up a lot of people and Putin got the better end of the deal, doesn't Putin figure out he could just take more Americans and get the better end of the deal all the time? We've gotta ask these questions. They're hard questions, but we gotta ask them. Here was Kamala Harris at the airport. Finally, an unscripted moment. Ladies and gentlemen, this is why I, I don't wanna hear any bullshit about a red wave. We're in a fight, make no mistake. But all the Debbie downers out there, oh my gosh, we're gonna lose.


Get our asses kicked by Kamala Harris. Remember, you are still dealing with someone who is really not bright and cannot even remotely speak extemporaneously at all. Here she gives another one of our word salads in an answer to a question about this special moment where we get the prisoners back. Check this out, check this out. This Is just an extraordinary testament to the importance of having president who understands the power of diplomacy and understands the strength that rests in understanding significance of diplomacy and strengthening alliances. This is, this is an incredible day. You see how whenever she's forced to speak off the cuff, she repeats herself over and over unburdened by the pay all.


She does this all the time. It's 'cause she has nothing to say and she gets lost in her own words. Biden's a better public speaker with level 72 brain damage than she is. She's really terrible. And Donald Trump asked the question on his true social account yesterday that me and a lot of other people were asking, when are we gonna get the details on this prisoner swap? Are they extorting the United States? They're calling the trade complexity nodes? That's 'cause nobody can figure out how bad it is. Folks, I'm really sorry. We have to ask real honest, I'd love to just celebrate this whole thing. It's great we got our people back and we should do everything in our power to do that.


But the world isn't a simple place. Donald Trump is asking a legitimate, fair, proper, appropriate question. I wish more people on the left would ask, what did we have to give up for this? Because does it incentivize in the future more American hostage taking? Alright, let me get to this. I'm gonna get back to, I'm not done with that, by the way, and if I don't get back to it today, I'll get to it on Monday and on the radio show, because this is really, really important. Folks, I'm gonna tell you this. You know what? Let me just tell you the story up front. 'cause I hate teasing stuff. You get the guardian one way. I'm sorry guys. Go outta order. I can just get back on track.


Put the Guardian story up. I don't, I'm reasonably confident. I've never told this story on the air. The problem, Ladies and gentlemen, is And I. Again, I don't hide things from you. I just, this was a story about an incident that happened a long time ago and it wasn't related to the news. I do a news show, not the Dan Bonino News Show. Okay? I give you a short weekend update on Monday. And I generally try to keep the show about current events. 'cause that's what matters. It's not about my personal life. It's not like the Howard Stern Show. Let me tell you about my limo driver this morning. Like we don't do that here. I want you to look at the date on this story. August 2nd is that really is August that there real date? Wow. It's today. I, I didn't even look at the da. I knew it was 2018.


Weird. August 2nd, 2018, the Guardian suspected Russian spy found working at the United States Embassy in Moscow. Now leave that up for a second, please. Why am I putting this story up now? 'cause Ladies and gentlemen, that story directly involves this guy, Dan, you knew there was a Russian spy in the Embassy in Moscow. Yeah. Why? 'cause I was in the Russian embassy in Moscow when she was there.


Now, why is this important right now to the Secret Service story? Because I've been telling you, and, and, and for those of you out there, well, let me just cut off an impulse. I'm not talking about the P one listeners and the people who are listening to them. I'm talking about the people whose instinct is always to ask some question before I've even finished the statement. For those of you out there saying, well, Dan If, you knew this. What did you do about it? One, I'm gonna get to that. And second, they say, well, why didn't you highlight this stuff? I did. I wrote actual books about it. Three of them. Life Inside the Bubble, the fight and protecting the President. I've given interviews about it. I've spoken to members of Congress about it. I've spoken to Secret Service insiders interested in changing about it. There's nothing else you could do to try to change the Secret Service.


Nothing. There's nothing else you can do. I have done everything I can to try to fix this broken place, including warning you repeatedly that someone was gonna get killed If they didn't, and now someone did. Corey Comparator murdered in front of his family and Donald Trump shot in the head. There is nothing else I could have done. I am absolutely confident telling you that everything I could do, I did. They don't wanna change. It required someone to get killed and Donald Trump to get shot in the head for there to be enough political attention on the matter that they're willing to change. Let me tell you the story, okay? 'cause it speaks to the culture of dysfunction and risk aversion at this broken agency that should not survive intact.


After this, back in the early two thousands, I was an instructor in our training center. I was sent on a temporary assignment over to Russia. I volunteered for it. Moscow. We had a a, what they call an ro, a resident office over there. I'm, if I'm boring you with the details, please stop me in the chat. But the story in the details matter, I was sent over as a temp. I was there a little over a month because the guy there before, a guy by the name of Charlie, I'll leave last names out of it. A guy by the name of Charlie was what they call PNG persona, non grata, meaning the Russians kicked him out of the country. It's a long story as to why, but it was a retaliatory measure for something the United States did to a Russian here, because the Russians, they never do what they're telling you.


This is why I love when people tell me about Russia. If I don't know, I've been there twice. I know a lot about Russia, probably more the most journalists, the Russians do things they can put in the paper to make it look like they're sticking it to the United States because we have the name, the Secret Service. Even though there's nothing secret about us, it's a protection agency. They knew the average Russian citizen would think we were like spies like the CIA. So instead of kicking out the FBI, that actually does intelligence overseas, what they did is they kicked out the Secret Service guy, Charlie, because they could put Secret Service every, oh my gosh, we kicked the spy out. You get it. The Russians, though, however, didn't wanna burn their relationship with the United States.


so they said, tell you what, we're gonna wink and nod and kick your permanent guy out. This guy, Charlie, who was the boss over there, but we're gonna let you rotate agents in. I was the second group of agents that got rotated in. It was two people at a time. Here's where the story gets bananas. You guys don't know this, right? I never told you this. The guy I got sent over with to work the Russia office in Moscow in our embassy for for a good amount of time, is now the boss of Donald Trump's detail. Does this whole story make sense?


Now? I've known this guy 20 years. It's the same guy. Let's call him Jack. It's the same guy. So when me and him we're in Moscow, we noticed something interesting. I'm gonna ask you to put that piece up again in a second there. The Secret Service had hired an FSN. FSN is short for a foreign service national. Her name was Anna. That's her real name. Well, that's what she told us. Her real name was, I'm not gonna mention her last name because it doesn't really matter, but her name was Anna.


And from the first night, let's just call this other agent, I was with Jack. From the first night, we realized that Anna had was very, very suspicious and odd. Anna would ask a lot of questions, totally inappropriate for someone hired as basically an administrative assistant, and we noticed that Anna had a really unusual interest in a lot of what the Secret Service did. Ladies and gentlemen, we noticed this on day one. So this other agent, And I Jack, we started talking to each other and we said, this is kind of a problem. By the end of the first week, we knew absolutely that this woman was probably a spy.


We would go and meet with the Russian FSB, the former KGB, and they would know her right away. Oh, hey Anna, how are you? And we would look at each other like, but I mean like know her. I don't mean like, Hey, did we meet? I mean like, oh, hey, how are you? Couldn't have been more obvious. The woman was up to no good. So this other agent, Jack And I, who's now running Donald Trump's detail, by the way, he was smart, known this guy a long time.


He said, I think we should do the right thing and notify Secret Service Headquarters. I said, you're damn right. That's what we're gonna do. So that's exactly what we did. We sent emails back saying, listen, the gist of it is you gotta freaking spy in here. We took all of our manuals and everything else, and we put 'em up on a different floor, let's say in the embassy to make sure she couldn't see them, but she had access to them the whole time. Manuals, like protection manuals and everything else. We sent that email thinking they would get back to us to management and be like, oh my gosh, great job guys. Like farming out a spy here. Like, you know, excuse me, fishing out a spy, right?


That's not the response we got at all. The response we got was basically, how do I say this? Go fuck yourself. Pardon the language folks. But that was basically it. Like you guys should probably shut your pie holes and never mention this again. Which we were like, no, and we sent back another email. Now we're put up that article again, notice the date on this article. August 2nd, 2018. Ladies and gentlemen, I can't pinpoint the exact time I was there. Forgive me, I just don't remember. But I'm telling you, it was around 2004, 2005.


Dan, this article's from 20 18, 14, 15 years later, 14 years later. What you're saying, you sent an email with your guy and it took them 14 years to figure it out. Yeah, that's what I'm telling you. And notice the Secret Services statement 14 years later, their statement is, at no time in any Secret Service Office have F SNS like Anna. Foreign Service National has been provided or placed in a position to obtain national security information. Right? The State Department said it wouldn't comment on allegations related to Intel or personal matters, and we have no information for you on this alleged incident.


Really? You sure about that? I'm willing to testify under oath that that statement is fake. I would guarantee you So is Jack, because Jack has the email. By the way, you know why the Secret Service didn't do anything? Because the secret service management culture, which I've been writing about, giving interviews about one of the reasons I resigned my job and gave up this glorious government pension and benefits and everything. I had no job after that was precisely because I wasn't gonna be a part of this broken culture anymore. The Secret Service cares about one thing, CYA covering.


Well, CTA covering their asses and they care about another thing. Luck. The Secret Service has been lucky for probably 30 years. They didn't get luck. Well, not even 30 years, because George Bush had a grenade thrown at 'em in Tbilisi, Georgia. And again, that changed things for about two weeks too. Folks, the Secret Service can't continue to exist. They haven't like it is now. They have a totally broken management culture. There are people out there who have been whistle blowing on this forever and absolutely nothing has changed that story in The Guardian. It's about me, and I'm willing to testify under oath to anybody who wants to hear it.


I was there. I saw it. We called it out, and the Secret Service did absolutely nothing. I'm gonna tell you how I found out about this story. By the way, when this happened, I was in New York. I was getting ready to take a trip with Sean Hannity up to Pete Hess's wedding wedding in New Jersey. True story. A Vita's mom was there. I remember it like it was yesterday. And I got a call from him. Jack, who said, Hey man, you remember Anna? I said, oh yeah, I remember Anna.


He said, read this article, and it was this article right here, Suspected, Russian spy found working at US embassy in Moscow. You're telling me these same people who, by the way, some of these same people are still around. You're telling me they're gonna fix this place. Folks, even the New York Times is in on the story about the broken secret service. Now, this place cannot be fixed as is. Someone is going to die. It's not your secret service. It's ours, the taxpayers. I've got video and audio coming up.


Everything I told you, Ladies and gentlemen, you have been two to three weeks ahead, If. you are reading Susan Crabtree's social media or watching my show. You were two to three weeks ahead. What did I tell you? Just the other day? What did I tell you? Two and a half weeks ago about the drone? Now all of a sudden, the New York Times catches up again. Their audience is two, at least two weeks behind stories. I've already told you, I'm gonna take a quick break. I need to calm down a bit. 'cause that story still pisses me off about Anna. Take quick break and we'll be right back. We'll get to that stuff, folks.


I've had the sponsor for a long time. Check 'em out. Listen, I live in Florida. The windshields get really dirty down here. It rains a lot. The glare it gets, it creates a really dangerous situation and your car just gets nasty looking. Check out windshield, wow. It's appropriately named. 'cause you'll say, wow, the first time you use it. The windshield wows ingenious windshield cleaning device uses two magnetic cleaning panels. They're PA paddles. They're really strong, by the way, and basically what you do is you just have to clean the outside because the inner magnetic panel that clings onto it cleans the inside of the windshield, all done from the outside. It's really simple. All you do is push around the outside, paddle the inside, follows and cleans it automatically. It's the cleanest. My windshield's been in a long time. No more struggling to clean the inside. Creates a safer situation too. Again, especially in those states down there where you get a lot of sun, you don't want that. The glare can be dangerous. I put 'em in each of my cars. It's super thin. Gets in those tight areas. I like windshields, clean haze and film builds. Creates a really dangerous situation. We have one in every single car. My daughter, Isabelle, my wife Paula, and mine, but we don't have two. We actually have three. So go to windshield wow.com. Pick it up today, it's windshield wow.com. Get this ingenious cleaning device. Now put one in every car. That's windshield wow.com. Send us your reviews. You're gonna like it. Windshield wild.com. Use bonino at checkout for a special discount. That's windshield wow.com.


Okay? Back to the show. I always appreciate those moments to kind of take a break. 'cause you can tell, I know I told the story in a very kind of calm manner, but folks, I assure you inside that story still pisses me off because the only reason the Secret Service at that time did nothing about the Russian spy that me and Jack outed was because they didn't wanna be embarrassed. The fact that the Russian spy was still spying on them mattered secondary to them not being embarrassed, and it explains everything. Why throw in that random story? Because If, you understand that their goal is to CYA cover their A or CTA, cover their asses first and accountability Second, you understand why nothing is gonna change under Ron Rowe, who I have been warning you about forever, the acting director, he's worse than the former director.


He's knee deep in every one of these scandals. The January 6th text, the red tie thing. Agents shouldn't wear red ties. It look like they're supporting Trump. What kind of stupid shit is that? The reduction in assets to protection details, the refusal to, to provide security around Donald Trump. He is part of all of this. You think he's gonna give an honest evaluation? Look at this. The New York Times LA two weeks ago, I told you that the Secret Service there, there's a joke in the Secret Service, and it's not funny, but agents used to, it happened. Agents used to tell each other this all the time because they know management sucked. The joke was this United States Secret Service, yesterday's technology.


Tomorrow they can, they're horrible with technology. You know why? Because of what I told you, they all, they're interested is CTA covering their asses. So when someone comes in with a new technology, the guy who vouched for the old technology doesn't wanna admit it sucks. So what does he do? He goes, oh, we, we don't need that new stuff. This will be good. And they just pray to get lucky. No? Yes. I'm not kidding. I told you that two weeks ago. Now, the New York Times, and, and by the way, good for them. I, this isn't about credit. We're trying to keep people alive. I don't like the New York Times, but if you're gonna do actual journalism on this, fine, fine. New York Times, Eric Lipton, David Fareal wouldn't trust these guys as far as I can throw 'em, but this piece is accurate.


Secret services, technological flaws help the gunmen evade detection at Trump Rally. This is how bad their research and tech division is. Hold on, keep that up. You think this is like James Bond? Do you guys remember James Bond? Was it the, was it q Who was the guy who had all the tech and stuff? You think this is like that? There, there there's not, it's not like that at all. There's nothing like that. They know The Secret Service, for example, turned down offers to use a surveillance drone at the Butler Farm Show rally site. Again, I told you this two weeks ago, the agency also didn't bring a system to boost the agent's signals in an area where poor cell service, they couldn't even talk to each other.


Some of the equipment the agency did bring, including a system to detect drones, didn't work when it wasn't when it was needed. The result was a 20-year-old had a technological advantage over a $3 billion federal agency, United States Secret Service, yesterday's technology tomorrow. I've been talking about this for 20 years. Wait, hold on. I want to hold on. Don't go, I I just want to prove this To you. I'm not selling your book. Matter of fact, I'm telling don't buy this book please, because I don't wanna sell you anything.


I'm not, I wrote this book a long time ago. The Fight, it's an inside account of security failings and the political machine by some guy named freaking Dan Bonino. The book's 10 years old. One of the chapters, one of the chapters is about, which you can see right here, is about threats from the sky and drones. Let's see why we say here. It's right here. You can look at it right here. I, if I, I wish I would've, I wish I would've Dogg you three here. The White House Fence jumper. What bureaucrats can learn from the Secret Service Security Model? How the, how the emergency break and Outta Control government here.


Chapter five begins on page 61, the White House Drone Crash. It was a warning about the Secret Service being light years behind 20 year olds who can go to Amazon and get a freaking drone. So don't tell me, well, what did you do? The answer is everything in my power to change it and nothing changed. I'm not giving up this opportunity again. I am not. Listen to me, I'm not even done with this New York Times piece. I, I pledge to you this right now. And I know Secret Service. People are watching. I'm not your enemy. I'm actually your friend. You just don't know it.


I am gonna fix this place, And. I'm not gonna stop. To the people that have been ruining the agency worthy of trust and confidence till they are absolutely gone, it is not their agency. It is ours, the taxpayer. You don't own it. You will come and go. The agency will not and their protectees. I'm not gonna let someone get murdered in front of their family. Again, I'm not stopping again. In case you think the Secret Service and their $3 billion budget, that what? 10% of it, 20% of it. Research and development protection, new forms of armor, new forms of RF detection, everything like that. No. You know how much they spend on research a year?


$4 million, $4 million. Folks, I think I spend more on marketing my podcast than they do on actual research. Look here, again, I hate to cite the New York Times, but they're not wrong. Budget documents show the Secret Service spends only $4 million a year, less than 1% of its funding on actual r and d for new security tools and other needs for next year. The agency asks Congress to provide even less in funding for research. Only 2.2 million. Isn't it great knowing we have a $6 trillion government where we spend 4 million of 6 trillion. This is, this is like an Austin power skid. You know that, right? $4 million. But in this case, he's not wrong.


Like you know, he's just a million and they laugh at 'em. In this case, it's actually right. We have a $6 trillion government obsessed with flying illegals around the country, giving 'em benefits and Obama phones and everything, and we're spending 4 million a year on keeping people alive in actual research. Good job, fellas. You guys are really kicking ass, knocking it outta the park. US Secret Service, yesterday's technology Tomorrow, folks, when I was in the Secret Service, you know how we were entering our time cards through a program called Smartware Smartware. My wife, who's an internet and database developer, happy birthday poll again, I said to her, we use Smartware. She was like, that's hilarious.


Nobody's used that since like the forties. This was in 1999. Well, actually 2001 when I met her Smartware, go look it up. And you know why they didn't change it? Because the guy who invented the smartware thing or brought it into the Secret Service, it was his product and no one wanted to hurt his feelings. No. Yes, no. Yes. That's why agents would spend hours wasting their time on a 1940s timecard program because nobody wanted to upset a guy who had brought the Smartware program in. No. Yes.


Don't tell me it didn't happen. I was there. Want me to testify under oath about it? Go look up my time records. Go look 'em up. Fo FOIA them, and while you're at it, FOIA that email about the spy in the Russian Embassy. I give you permission, folks, I'm not done. John Cornyin asked Ron Rowe a question under oath the other day. Have I not warned you about Ron Rowe, the acting director? Did I not tell you when the scandal broke even before that? That it's Ron Rowe, the acting director now, who is personally responsible, personally responsible for creating the lapse security environment that led to this disaster in Butler and would've led to disasters elsewhere if it wasn't for a whole lot of luck.


Did I not tell you? Okay, more coming up. Let me take a break. I got some video for you, and again, I'm gonna show you how people are just lying to you left and right. They're way too late to the game folks.


Policy genius. 40% of people with life insurance wish they got their policy at a younger age. Policy genius helps you get the life insurance you need fast so you can get almost your life. With policy genius, you can find life insurance policies that started just $292 a year for 1 million of coverage. Some options offer same day approval and avoid unnecessary medical exams. Policy genius lets you compare quotes from America's top insurers and just a few clicks to find your lowest price. Their expert licensed support team is your advocate at every step of the process, answering questions, handling paperwork, and helping you make decisions with confidence. It's not just expenses you need to be covered for your loved ones could inherit your debt, your work life insurance policy that may not offer enough protection for you and your families needs. Even worse, it may not come with you, If, you leave your job. PolicyGenius gives you unbiased advice from licensed experts at their support team. They have no incentive to recommend one insurer over another so you can trust their guidance. They have thousands of five star reviews on Google and Trustpilot from customers who found the best fit for their needs. So don't put off life insurance. Make it easy with PolicyGenius. Head on over to policygenius.com or click the link in the description to get your free life insurance quotes. Do it today and see how much you could save. That's policygenius.com.


Our last sponsor today is Omaha Stakes. Hey, we've been celebrating in our anniversary here. Our good friends at Omaha Stakes have been providing families across the great country with the finest quality stakes for a hundred years. This is a long time. How many companies can say they've successfully been in business for a century and to celebrate, they're offering 50% off sitewide during their anniversary sales. Five zero plus. You'll get $30 off of my promo code bonino. That's 50% off@omahasteaks.com. Putting code bonino for another $30 off big savings in tough times. The Gourmet protein pack is one of my favorites. It includes four butcher's cut top sirloins, two beef sirloin tips, four boneless chicken breasts, four Omaha steak burgers, and more. It's a protein leverage dream. Every entree is flash frozen, vacuum sealed, and ready to prepare so it makes dinner prep fast and easy. Five generations run this family owned business. They've taken pride in the quality of the food they deliver. It's delicious. They offer an unconditional 100% money back guarantee. So go to omaha steaks.com, look for the anniversary sale. Celebrate 100 more years. Hopefully you had get 50% off sitewide plus $30 off If. you use code bonito big savings. Go to omaha steaks.com, get some delicious food and use code bonino minimum purchase may apply. Visit omaha steaks.com for details. Thank you, Omaha Steaks,


I wanna show you this clip again. You've been weeks ahead of the news here. I've told you the Secret Service right away has problems with technology. Where the hell was the drone? Where the hell was the drone? The ability to stop the other guy's drone. The answer is it wasn't there because the Secret Service believes in yesterday's technology tomorrow. I want you to listen to this question by John Cornyin, Senator from Texas. He, someone told him to ask this. I'm sure it's a very smart question. This is not stupid. Whether you love him or hate him, there's a good question. Here's corn in on weaponized drones. Now we know weaponized drones are a thing. Drones that can drop grenades and explosives. Why? Folks, this isn't secret.


Just go to social media and watch the war in Ukraine that both sides have been doing this forever. This is not new. Where's the secret service? Who the hell knows? Listen to Ron Rose. Answer. Check this out. You have the Capacity to stop a weaponized drone. What I will tell you, sir, is that we have technical security measures that we utilize at permanently protective sites. We also have the ability in a limited fashion at temporary sites. What I can tell you is that on this day, the counter UAS system had technical difficulties and did not go operational until after five o'clock. So in this case, the shooter had a rifle, but somebody who wanted to kill a president for a former president or a candidate for president would not need a rifle.


They could use a drone, correct? It is a potential threat vector. I love how they use these foe, SAT words again to try to sound sophisticated like it is a potential threat vector. No shit. Sherlock like we used to say when I was a kid in Queens. Really? Drones have been a threat vector for 20 years. Last time I checked guys, am I wrong? It's 2024, correct? Thank you, Avita. She like, it's a trick question for, it's been a threat since 2000.


Again, I wrote this book years ago about the drone thread. You still can't figure out how to stop a guy from hovering a drone. and by the way, for the dipshit class out there, especially some of the media, oh my gosh, dad, don't give these people ideas. They already have the fucking ideas. Pardon my language. A guy was just murdered in front of his family. If, you don't highlight this shit. Nobody's gonna do anything about it. You're gonna get another speech about threat vectors 10 years from now when a grenade gets dropped on Donald Trump's head. What do you think is happening behind the scenes to the Wall Street Journal?


Editorialist, who again, I like, we should stop talking about this in public. Why? So in private they can do jack shit and get someone killed. Well, why? Exactly. What evidence do you have that not exposing it publicly is gonna fix it privately? You have none. Zero. He just said under oath. Oh yeah, basically our stuff doesn't really work that great. Well, maybe figure it out. Just an idea, bro. This agency cannot possibly survive, folks. We cannot let this happen.


There are a lot of, I promise you, there are good people there. And I will go to the grave with that because it's true and there are a lot of them who are really, really pissed off. But there are also a lot of really bad people there. This thing has to be completely, completely done over from scratch and people have to reapply. Some of the people who are thirteens should be fifteens management. Some of the people who are SES, senior Executive service, big bosses should be fired. This agency is a train wreck, man.


It's a mess. People have been promoting their buddies. People have been promoting people on quotas. People have been promoting people because they're this guy's kid and this guy knows that guy. You think there's any merit in their promotion? You know how many good guys I saw struggle over there as thirteens forever while a bunch of dipshits got promoted to 14 and 15? Who were their bosses? You know how many losers I saw get promoted over there because they kissed someone's ass or someone got to check some box? You think people don't know about this now someone's dead because of it.


He was Ron Rowe the other day. I want you to watch this. This is, is this vigilant fox? This was a good one. I want you to watch Ron Rowe again doing this demo on what he says. His counter sniper guys saw And. I want you to keep this in mind in light of the new video that emerged where we actually see what appears to be the shooter on the roof at the three o'clock. So again, nothing Ron Rowe has said is actually true. He left out the part that, hey, this is what the shift should have, should have seen what you see right there at the three o'clock. Check this out. This view is a reenactment by one of my agents laying flat.


There was a five inch rise on the middle of that roof. The assailant would've had to present his bore over that to get his shot off. The view underneath reflects the perspective that he would've had. Again, I call your attention back to the first exhibit. If they'd have looked left, gimme a seat. This is what our counter sniper team saw. Shooter, no elbows. You barely make out the crown of his head below it, the assailant up prone.


You notice how Roe completely leaves that POV out of it. Again, nothing these people are telling you is true. I asked you two and a half weeks ago, didn't the shift see this? How did the working shift around President Trump missed that. How? You can see it from a cell phone camera. That's not a Marvel movie camera. That's a cell phone camera from one of the people who was shot. Guys, ladies, Corey Comparator was murdered in front of his family. Do you understand what happened here?


Forget for a second that Donald Trump came within probably an inch of having his head blown off on live tv. Just for a moment. There's still a guy dead. Here's Ron Johnson, who's done a good job, folks, a really good job. He was on Newsmax yesterday and he brings up a critical question about the counters, sniper teams on the ground, and very few people are asking, because the timeline here matters. This is not the time to be taking a celebratory victory lap about, oh, look at what we did. What's important right now is not what the secret service and their agents and their counter sniper texts everyone did.


We'll get to that later. What's important is what didn't happen because a guy's dead, his family doesn't want hear victory laps by Ron Rowe. Here's Ron Johnson on newsmax. Listen, Newsmax, listen to every second of this. It's important. Check this out. I, I heard you speaking after the testimony this week talking about wanting more whistleblowers to come forward. What are you hearing? Well, Jen, we do need those whistleblowers, but I think the video that was released yesterday taken by the, the man who was shot twice. That's pretty remarkable as well. But this video was taken at 6 0 8 and it clearly shows crooks kind of moving across the, the, the ridge line of the roof of the A GR building, again at 6 0 8 shots were fired at six 11.


Now, we also know from local law enforcement we're, we're not getting information from federal law enforcement, but from local law enforcement. We know that a secret service sniper acknowledged receiving the picture of crooks at 5 45 and also received his location. so they had a picture of him. They knew he was lurking somewhere around the A GR building. There were two sniper teams there. What did they do with that information? That is 26 minutes before the shots were fired again, he was moving three minutes. We see the video. He was moving three minutes visible to somebody on the ground. You know, snipers obviously had a better position. I think once sniper team might have been partially blocked by a, by a a tree.


But again, what did they see? We still don't know. So that's, that's why I'm calling. We need as committee, we need to interview those sniper teams. ASAP. It can't wait days. We should have those people in front of our committee Tomorrow. Yes, thank you. Jim. Can you see if Senator Johnson will come on the radio show later? We we got, do you understand the timeline he's putting out here? The timeline matters. Nothing the secret services told you is correct. I played for you yesterday. Video of acting director Ron Rowe saying we never got this information. It was quote, siloed from local law enforcement about the shooter.


That's bullshit. Johnson's telling you at 5 45, 1 of the counter sniper teams had the picture of this guy. The shooting happened at six 11. Even worse, that video of the guy running across the roof, what appears to be the shooter there? and by the way, the only reason I say appears to be is because yes, it's 99% chance. Was there someone else up there? We, I'm not willing to preclude anything. It's the only reason I say that. 99.99 repeating decimal, but the shooter on the roof is moving around at 6 0 8.


That's three minutes before the shots were fired. Folks, they're just not telling you the truth. Now, why are they not telling you the truth? This again, is one of those areas where I just wish the left wing mainstream media would put aside their biases against me and conservatives out there and just do the right thing for once. I warned you from the beginning that Ron Rowe is part of this scheme to strip security assets from Donald Trump. Nobody listened but you and thank you.


Here's a Nick sorter. Breaking whistleblowers just revealed to Senator Hawley that acting secret service director Ron Rowe, personally directed cuts to secret service agents responsible for threat assessments while deputy director and now he's been promoted. The whistleblower also told Holly, none of these threat assessment agents were President Butler when Trump was shot. Many of them have been sounding the alarm and problem problems for months. Yet another coincidence. Folks, I told you this. Now why does it matter? Nothing I do on the show is by accident. Put that Fox News piece up. There is a reason I have been asking on this show, hoping somebody would pick this up.


There is a reason I have been asking, I'm saying this again for the CSU vulnerability assessment. Don't get lost in the jargon. There is a team out there called the counter surveillance team. Their job is to counter surveillance. Shocker, because bad guys engage in what's called in the business pre-op surveillance terrorists and others will typically go out to a site just like criminals go out to a bank and they case the place. So we have a team designed to counter that surveillance and detect it.


I told you And I told members a while ago, and thankfully they're on the case demand to see the counter surveillance unit's vulnerability assessment. That's where they go to a site in advance and do an assessment of its vulnerability. I'm, I'm sorry, I'm not trying to sound stupid. None of this is hard. Why did I tell 'em to ask for that? 'cause they weren't there. Whistleblower accuses acting secret service director ROE of reducing counter surveillance before Trump shooting two weeks ahead.


I told you nothing happens by accident on the show. If, you would've asked for the vulnerability assessment early. You would've found out a don't have one because they weren't there to detect the guy surveilling the site. And as one whistleblower, there's a lot of whistleblowers coming forward. So don't wanna you lose faith in the entity folks. There were a lot of people speaking out. And I told you it was gonna happen because people have known about this forever. One whistleblower came out and said, if we would've had counter surveillance there, that guy would've been in handcuffs in the parking lot. Let me tell you something. The CSU guys I worked with, can I tell you just a quick story about secret service, service culture?


I I, I don't wanna waste your time, but you're never gonna understand the entire details around this until you get this. The Secret services, presidential Protection Division, the people who obviously protect the president, there are subunits underneath. We call 'em satellite details. You have to go to one of them. There were three when I was there. There was counter surveillance. The first ladies detail and transportation. They do motorcades T we called Ts. I was in TS twice. I went back as the whip later on where I was kind of like running the place, right? The pretty boys go to the first lady's detail. That's just a fact. You, you look good in a suit. They want you round the first lady.


Don't ask why. Just not important. The logistics guys and the door kickers, a lot of 'em go to Ts. Why? Because it's a dirty job, man. You're running motor cage, you're loading car planes, you're figuring out logistics, you're dealing with with cops every day. And the cops, they want door kickers. So that's where a lot of the TS guys go. I wound up there. The guys who find themselves sub times for all the wrong reasons on the outs, And I don't mean 'cause they're bad agents. I mean because they're truth tellers and they don't kiss management's ass. They wind up in CSU. It's unfortunate they wind up in CSU because management 'cause they get to work in down close and management just wants to hide 'em.


They don't want to deal with 'em because they're troublemakers. Most of some, some of the best agents on the detail find themselves in CSU. So when that counter-surveillance whistleblower told Fox News, Hey man, if we would've been there at the site, this dude would've been in handcuffs. Whoever he or she is is probably not kidding. But Ron Rowe, according to this reporting, seems to wanna cut those assets. Just like I told you. How does this guy still have a job? How does this guy still have a job? He is part of the coverup.


It's why you're never gonna get the truth ever. Here's how, you know, shit's about to get bad too. For the Secret Service, and this is how this is related to January 6th. There's an expression they teach you in business school. I say, listen, if you're a publicly traded company and you got bad news, they call it taking a bath. You can look it up and it's nothing to do with a shower or a cleanliness If. You've got bad earnings coming up in a quarter and you're a publicly traded company, meaning everyone's gonna know about it and your stock price is gonna get slammed. They tell you jam all the bad news into one quarterly filing.


Why? You might as well just take a bath, let the stock price get pummeled rather than a slow drip and then fix things. The Secret Service about to take a bath. I think a lot of people realize they're gonna get fired and their emails are gonna be public 'cause of foia and they're gonna realize, you know, my role in cocaine gates about to go public. Hold on, hold on. There's, there's something in my eye. Shit. Can you guys get, need a tissue? I think I do. A lot of people are starting to realize they rolling in Cocaine Gate and the mysterious disappearance of the January 6th tapes.


Now that they're gonna lose their email, excuse me, January 6th, emails and texts, they're gonna lose their political cover. 'cause a lot of Republicans are really pissed off about this. Now all of a sudden, wow, look at this. August 1st, 2024. That's crazy. Isn't that yesterday? August 2nd. Paula's birthday, Mike. That is yesterday. Wow. Mike Levine, a BC News, new DHS Watchdog report details. How close Kamala Harris came to the viable pipe bomb on January 6th. Only a story we've been covering for like ever. The report suggest the Secret Service made some mistakes on January 6th. The timing, oh my gosh, the Wow.


Bino Is Pacino out there. Can we take a quickie poll? Yes. This is just one big happy coincidence or no, this is definitely not a coincidence. A lot of people with a lot of shit to hide are just figuring out now that it's time to take a bath and we better get this stuff out there. Or we may find ourselves in handcuffs. Yes. A big coincidence. No, definitely not a coincidence. Something's rotten in the state of Denmark. Ba Gino on the case. Okay, thank you folks. The Secret Service has been a broken enterprise for close to 30 years.


Wow. Wow. But the no F no hell to the F No, no to the F. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Wow. Listen, and we met. You know what I, I'm really impressed about? Chris has done such a great job at Rumble getting around a lot of buggies out there that we, it's, IM almost impossible for us to break the chat anymore. They're trying. Well, they're trying pretty hard. Yeah, we, folks, there's a lot of stuff about to come out in the next few weeks and months, and I promise you, you'll get it here first because I'm telling you, whistleblowers are reaching out left and right. I've lost faith in the government a long time ago, but there are people I worked with there who really care, and I'm gonna say to some of those people, I'm hearing some inkling of good news that some people on the Donald Trump detail are now starting to speak out.


I think personally, it's a little late. I think you should have spoke out a long time ago. However, I'll take it late rather than never, because you know, you know everything. And you know that Ron Rowe was part of lightning, the security footprint around Donald Trump that led to this disaster period. I'm gonna tell you right now, something on the record for perpetuity recorded on this show. If CSU Countersurveillance teams had been at that site, an appropriate counters, sniper technician assets were there, which they weren't and allowed to do in advance, not showing up that morning like I heard they did, but allowed to do a proper follow me media people.


Get your pens out. I have zero doubt. I say this unequivocally and categorically, zero doubt. If a proper counter surveillance vulnerability assessment was done with a proper advance, there's no way this happens. Second, if proper counters, sniper technician assets were sent out a week in advance to properly assess this site and scope it out for line of sight issues, there's no way this happens. If both of those assets were properly assigned like they should have been, there is less than zero chance. Less than zero chance this happens. You know why? Because I've never worked a site where we've had to, 'cause I, I'd push it with my site guys.


We didn't. We never, ever, ever compromised safety and security folks. I did this 12 years. You're telling me over 12 years, Dan, you did all these sites. Nothing happen. Why did nothing happen? Because I did my job. Not because I'm some superhero If. you would've let the CS techs and the CSU team do their job. Corey Comparator would not have been murdered in front of his family and to the secret service managers who covered their asses, made the Anna Spy story in Russia, go away, made the Tbilisi, Georgia story go away, made all of this stuff go away. I'm just telling you, don, don't know how you feel today, but you should feel this way. You should feel horrible because you have blood on your hands.


Not rhetorical blood or figurative blood, literal actual blood on your hands from Corey comparator. His blood was shed because of your dumbass decisions and mismanagement media folks. Wow, this may be our greatest result ever. Thank you, but you know, 98.1%, don't believe that this is an accident. Now you'll see. Watch. Now here's what you're gonna see if, here's a big one more thing. I was gonna wrap it up, but this is important. Don't go anywhere. Flag it. Flags in the chat. Red flags right now. Sorry, I don't mean to be demanding.


Did you guys, what is that gonna look at these guys? I like it. If Donald Trump closes in on winning this election, you see the polls against Kamala. Harris 'cause it's a new race. Now, you gonna see a massive amount of information start coming out about the January 6th pipe bombing, and you're gonna see massive amounts of information start coming out about the cocaine scandal at the White House. There is going to be a massive effort by a group of people to throw others under the bus and go, I gotta keep my job. don. Don't wanna get arrested. I didn't do it. He did it. Guaranteed. They're starting to see the writing on the wall right now. They've lost all political cover folks.


What a banger of a week. 153,000 people to close out the week. Please do us a small favor, keep us on the charts at Apple and Spotify. Two, we have been killing it over there. I just ask one small favor, go there to Apple Podcasts and the Spotify, just go to spotify.com, find our show. Click follow. Also click that green follow button on Rumble right there. And If you wanna get for the full three hours of the radio show on this channel here, you can become a member at locals. The first two hours are free. I will see you back here at 11:00 AM Eastern Time every single day live. Thank you folks in the chat. Love you. Thank you for those listening video on demand too. We really appreciate it. Rumble dot com slash bonino, click that follow button.


See you on the radio show in a few minutes here in Rumble and back here on Monday. Thanks for tuning in. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.