
Welcome to VINCE. Today we're gonna take a close look at all of the ways that the Doge operation is saving you a crap ton of money. Also, what's going on with illegal immigration? Well, things are so good right now that illegals are literally self deporting. I've got the update on that story, and then we're gonna find out what are the beta Democrats doing? They've got the huge rallies going on where they say they're gonna double down on their insanity. And the great Reagan Reese White House correspondent for the Daily Caller stops by on a packed edition of VINCE. It is so good to have you with us. Hello to the chat. Great to be here with you on Rumble today. As always, we've got a lot to get to.


First. This program is free, thanks to our great sponsors. They're amazing, and among them, express VPN. You know, unfortunately in this country right now, privacy, as you know, is a luxury. And without privacy, there's no freedom. But who has the luxury of privacy? Privacy is given to the government, tucked into millions of classified documents. It's no secret that the NSA is surveilling us. They're buying your information from data brokers, surveilling every move that you make online. But what if I told you there is a way to stop that and get your privacy and freedom back with a product called Express? VPN? Express VPN. It's an app that sends 100% of my online activity through secure, encrypted servers. That means that no data broker, government agency, or big tech company can track your online activity. Just within the last 12 months, express VPN received over 400,000 data requests from tech companies and government agencies. And within the last year, did you know how many of their customer's information was actually shared? Oh, lemme see. It was zero. It was zero. That's not hard to, hard to remember. Express VPN is easy to use. It takes just one click And it works on all of your devices. Right now, you can get an extra four months for free when you use my special link. Go to express vpn.com/ VINCE, get four extra months of express VPN. That's E-X-P-R-E-S SV vpn.com/ VINCE.


Well, good morning to those of you watching Live on Rumble, great to have you with us from all across this glorious country, from Sea to Shining Sea. Boy, we really do have so much news to share with you. This is the, this is the blessing of the Trump administration. You have so much news that it's hard to keep track of all of it. It's drinking from a fire hose every single day, but lucky for you, I'm capable of that. I can handle it. And I've got a really fascinating thing for you. It came out last night on the Fox News Channel. It was this mega interview that Brett Bear did with the whole Doge Squad bringing in Elon Musk, and then all of the guys who are working for the Department of Government Efficiency and the Trump administration.


And to give you a sense of who these people are, these guys are energy executives, they're rocket scientists, they're computer engineers, they're Wall Street experts. All of these fellows are the real deal. They're people who are very successful in the private sector. And each of them in succession agreed to come into the United States government to help make it more efficient because they, like you see the writing on the wall when we are approaching $37 trillion in debt when the government basically doesn't do anything productive and instead wastes all of our money, that that means this is all gonna end in catastrophe unless somebody yanks back the reins and gets control of all of this.


And luckily, these guys are all doing it. And the media lies that have been told about what they're up to. Well, once you see some of the clips I'm about to share with you, they should be so easy to rebut. If you've got people in your life who are like, they're, they're causing chaos. They're going after Medicare, Medicaid, social Security, it's garbage. It's utter garbage. In fact, this group of guys are working right now to protect those very things. So of course the left has to lie about it so they can stop their slush funds from being taken away from them. Let's take a look at some of this. Elon Musk starts this right away by describing a very useless government survey.


When I say useless, it was a survey that was conducted by the Department of the Interior that didn't go anywhere. The data from the survey didn't go literally anywhere. The survey ran $1 billion to conduct. And Elon says, we could have done this for 10,000 bucks. Take a look, Talk to all the guys here about the specifics. But for you, what's the most astonishing thing you've found out in this process? The sheer amount of waste and fraud in the government. It is astonishing. It's mind blowing. Just we routinely encounter wastes of a billion dollars or more casually, 1 billion. You know, for example, like the, the, the sim, the simple survey, that was literally 10 question survey that you could do with survey marque cost about $10,000 was a government was being charged almost a billion dollars for that, for just the survey.


A billion dollars for, for a simple online survey deal, the national park. And then there appeared to be no feedback loop for what would be done with that survey. So the survey would just go into nothing. It was like insane. It was like insane. Says Ilan. So a billion dollar survey. This is government work, if I've ever heard of it. A billion dollar survey distributed people apparently took time to fill out the billion dollar survey and then the data goes literally nowhere. Zero use for the survey. So it's another left wing make work program where they just take a bunch of money, steal it from you, and then send it out the door to obviously people that they're associated with, their cronies a billion dollars for a useless survey.


And they say this is the kind of stuff that they're finding every single day. In fact, Elon intends to stay in the government and be a part of all of this for, and you, you heard, you hear Brett Bayer talk about this in the, in the interview for about 130 days. Now, last I checked, what are we at day 67? So we're just over 50% of the way to 130 days. Elon is gonna be attached to this project for that first one 30. And he is, his goal is to be on track to save you and me a trillion dollars in government spending no more. He wants to cut down government spending by at least a trillion dollars using Doge. And the success they've had so far is every single day that they've been on the job, Elon describes they've saved $4 billion on average.


On average each day they've cut $4 billion of waste and fraud. Take a listen to Elon talk about this At some point a hundred days or not really a report, we, we are cutting the waste and fraud in real time. So every day that that passes, our goal is to reduce the, the waste and fraud by $4 billion a day every day, seven days a week. And so far we are succeeding $4 billion a day. Not just working days, not just the weekdays. Every single day of the week, seven days a week, 4 billion bucks. That's what they've done so far. So that's, again, I I don dunno about you. I'm pretty sure that's what we voted for. That's a, that's a huge deal. Also, this is the big one.


I I, there's a bunch of great clips here, but this one is cataclysmic. So the left likes to talk about how oh, doge is at the Social Security Administration. They're gonna hurt grandma. Listen to these guys, explain what's going on in Social Security. The big takeaway here is that of all of the phone calls that the Social Security Administration receives, 40% of the calls, 44 0% of all of the phone calls that they receive are scammers trying to steal money from Social Security recipients by changing the direct deposit number that's on file for real Social security recipients.


Listen to this. So much fraud coming into Social security. That social security, one of the first things we learned is that they get phone calls every day of people trying to change direct deposit information. So when you want to change your bank account, you can call Social security. We learned 40% of the phone calls that they get are from fraudsters. 40%. That's right. Almost half. Yes. And, and, and they, they steal people's social security is what happens is they, they call in, they say they claim to be a retiree, then they, they, and they convinced the person, the social security person on the phone to change the, where the, where the money's flowing. Okay?


So obviously getting control of that is important, but think about what's going on here. So if Doge has identified, they've identified, 40% of the calls are fraudsters. We need criminal referrals, don't we? If you can tell that people are calling in to steal social security money from Americans who worked their whole lives gave to social security taxes are waiting to receive that money back in retirement. And you've got these demons stealing from them behind bars. Send these guys to El Salvador, send those people to El Salvador, put them on planes, put them in shackles, shave their heads as they steal from America's seniors.


40% of the calls it, if you are a lefty who is within the sound of my voice, who have been credulously following the media's coverage of this and going, oh my gosh, they're going after social security. Today is the day, today is the day. Break yourself of the spell. As these guys talk about what they're trying to do, which is to protect access to those social security payments to make sure that money actually gets to grandma instead of being stolen by some demon who gets on the phone and, and takes it. There's a, a lot of criminal referrals that need to be in, in place here. I see some people pointing out in the chat, this is absolutely, absolutely jail as many as possible. A hundred percent agree, VINCE, as Moose still won.


I saw somebody point out that it's time for Dan Bonino to get involved in this. Trust me, this is the kind of thing Dan will be all over. So send this stuff to Elon. Send it to Dan. Send it to Dan. Are they stealing social security money from people? Perfect. Send that to Dan Bonino and let him handle it. Here we go. More what's going on at the IRS Look at these guys. Everyone, everyone in the chat is, is with me here. Thank you guys. Social, what's going on at the IRS? We've got thousands of employees who, whose job it is to literally hand out laptops and cell phones and that's it.


And this is a job that can be done in four seconds. What are you doing with the rest of your day? Take a look at this Overstaffing. A a good example of Overstaffing would be the IRS has got 1400 people who are dedicated to provisioning laptops and, and cell phones. So if you join the IRS, you get a laptop and a cell phone, you're provisioned. So if each of those IRS officers or employees provisioned two employees per day, you could provision the entire IRS in a little more than a month. So 12 times a year, you can, why Would you have 1400 people who, whose only job it is to give out the laptop and a phone, right?


The, the whole IRS could be handled one once a, a month. So that doesn't, that doesn't make any sense. It doesn't make any sense. 1400 people whose job it is to hand out laptops and phones. If every single one of them handed out to a day, they'd be done in a month with the whole IRS. So what are you doing with the rest of your time? How many laptops and phones can you possibly be handing out on any given day? So this is how, so the IRS, which takes your money, this is particularly poisonous, is the, is the agency that takes money from you, is turning around and then instantly wasting it. The money that it stole from you on the guys who hand out the laptops, the two a day. These are very weak people handing out these lap laptop.


It's very, very heavy laptop. It takes all day. It takes half a day to hand out a laptop. Unreal. And I know, I know we all know that the government wastes money, but when you hear it put in these terms, in these specific numbers with these specific, if you can even call 'em jobs, you start to, your, your mind explodes and you just hear, you hear this and you, this is insanity. No wonder they can save $4 billion a day in cutting some of this waste. Also for the lefties out there who are listening, there's this idea that like all these poor government workers are being fired. Now, I've talked about how government workers are expensive.


Yesterday we had EJ and Tony on the program. If you did not hear EJ go back and watch EJ on VINCE yesterday. And EJ says that it's 80 to one. That's the relationship between private sector employees paying for each federal government worker, 80 private sector employees. You get taxes from each of, from each of those 80 people on average to fund one federal government worker their salary and benefits. There he is. There's his mug right there on screen. That's EJ and Tony. And so that's the burden you have to bear. So, but look, people have jobs in the government. There's good people who work in the federal government. And if in this effort to try and get control of all of this spending, you know, people have to lose their jobs.


The doge guys are making sure that they're giving them the softest possible landing. They can, they're making sure that there's a cushion there. 'cause they're empathetic here. These guys are, these guys are business owners. President Trump is a business owner. They know what it means for somebody not to have a job and what it, what comes next. So there's this idea going around in the, in the media that everyone's just being summarily fired. That these are just summary executions and that government workers are being thrown out the door. That's not even true. That's not even true. Listen to the effort that the Doge team and the Trump administration is putting in to take care of federal employees. So they say, Hey, we need to cut back. We're trimming and we're gonna help you here. Take a listen to this.


Cut five, here we go. And you, you've heard a lot of me, a lot of news about rifs, about people getting fired at, at this moment in time, Reduction in force Less than 0.15, not 1.5 less than 0.15 of the federal workforce has actually been given a rough notice. Less than 0.15% of the federal workforce has been given termination papers. Basically the rest have been accommodated in the interview. They explained, you know, in, in terms of just like giving people severance, giving people, you know, months of pay in order to help them make them whole as they try and find a job.


So the guys, the federal workers here, they're going out of their way to figure out, okay, what can we do to help you get to your next step as we ask you to leave, as we ask you to leave? And they're, and they're shrinking these agencies. They're shrinking them. Remember, president Trump wants to shrink the federal workforce by about 10%. At least the federal workforce is in the vicinity of 3 million people. That means we have to get about 300,000 people out of the federal government. And they're steadily working on that. So again, once again, these are, this is all defeating all of the legacy media talking points on this subject, which are that, oh, this is heartless. Oh, you're hurting people. This is what you're really doing is devastating families. You're going after social security, you're going after Medicare, you're going after Medicaid.


No, they're going after fraud. They're going after waste. And they're giving a soft landing to anybody that they ask to leave the federal government. All of that is the way it's happening. All of that. Okay? Now this, did you know that the federal government uses a single bank account to conduct all of its business? Isn't that one of the weirdest things you've ever heard? One gigantic federal government bank account from which all of this money is flowing? Listen to the Doge guys, explain this arrangement, and then we're gonna get into, in a moment, we'll get into how many credit cards the federal government has handed out around the country. Listen to the bank account thing first. There is actually really only one bank account that's used to disperse all monies that go out of the federal government.


Time out one bank Account. It's a big one. It's a big one, it's A big one. It's a big one. A couple weeks ago had $800 billion in it. But it's the, the, the Treasury general account. You hear that one gigantic bank account. The guys keep saying, look, here's the problem, this, we're gonna fail an audit. The federal government would fail an audit because they have no idea how the money's spent. There's no, nobody's indicating how the money's even going out the door, what it's being spent on. There's no human being we can check with to account for the spending. These are all the features that you would need to actually su successfully pass an audit. If somebody were to take a forensic look at your accounting, if you ran a business, and they would want you to be able to explain all of your expenditures.


What is this? Where did this money go? Did you pay taxes on these earnings? These types of things. The federal government can't do any of that. The federal government doesn't care. They just fire money out of a cash can. And every single day, mostly these left-wing crony causes. And nobody knows who, who pulled the trigger? Nobody, nobody knows who's pulling the trigger on the cash cannon ever. And that's obviously by design. Elon says that this is the biggest revolution since, well, the American Revolution. Listen, Well, this is a revolution. And I think it, it might be the, might be the biggest revolution in government since the original revolution. But at the end of the day, America's gonna be in much better shape.


America will be solvent. The critical programs that people depend upon will work. And it's gonna be a fantastic future. And, but we're gonna get a lot of complaints along the way. Absolutely. You know, one of the things I learned at PayPal was the, you know, who complains the loudest and the, with the, the most amount of fake righteous indignation. The fraudsters, that's the Fraudsters, that's the tell. So remember what happened in the early days of Doge, president Trump gets into office, they go to the U-S-A-I-D, right? And they say, what is this? This is a huge left-wing slush fund.


It's just being used to fund the most demented left-wing Marxist propaganda all over the planet. Why are we spending money on this? Why transgender comic books in Peru? What is this? And so they dismantle U-S-A-I-D no more. They cut off all the funding. And who were the ones who screeched the loudest about that? It wasn't you. It wasn't me. I wasn't upset about it. I was happy about it. I was content with it. I slept more soundly at night as a result of all of it. No, it was democrat congressmen, it was Democrat activists. It was left winging dark money organizations piling up outside of the front of the U-S-A-I-D building, which most people have never even thought about.


And they're going apoplectic outside, banging on their little drums and screaming into loudspeakers that they're upset that USAI D's being taken down. As Elon points out, those are the fraudsters, the ones who are screeching the loudest, the fraudsters who are taking advantage view more in a moment on these, these credit cards. What's going on with all the credit government? Do you know how many credit cards are out there? Just lemme give you a hint. There are more government credit cards that have been put out. Then there are government workers. I'm sorry, what was that? Yeah, we'll get to that in just a moment. Also, I've gotta tell you about these illegals. They're self deporting.


Even the New York Times is now acknowledging, Hey guys, something interesting is happening. Illegal aliens are literally leaving on their own. President Trump said that would happen. And sure enough, here it is, Reagan Reese also right around the corner. So we've got a lot to get to here on VINCE. Look, I don't know your exact situation, but if you are like the thousands of homeowners American financing talks to every month, you'll be struggling to keep up barely making ends meet drowning in high interest debt. And it's not your fault. Life just gets more expensive. It did get more expensive. Inflation hit really hard. And if you're still carrying credit card balances with 20% plus interest rates while your mortgage debts untouched, you're ignoring the one thing that could turn it all around your home. And this is where American financing can help. Would you trade 10 minutes for a shot at saving an average of $800 every single month?


Because that's exactly what homeowners are doing when they call American Finance. It's a simple and no obligation call. It could change everything. They have a team of salary based mortgage consultants, so there isn't any incentive to put you into a loan that doesn't even make sense. There are no upfront fees to find out how much you can save. Don't wait. Call American Financing today and start feeling that relief. 8 8 8 8 7 9 64 60. That's 8 8 8 8 7 9 64 60 American financing.net/ VINCE. Alright. Hey, are you guys happy with finding out what's actually going on inside Doge? Isn't this a good use?


I this is a productive interview. I've gotta say, as somebody who has done thousands of interviews, literally thousands of interviews watching Brett navigate how to interview six or seven people at the same time and produce a tight, useful half hour of content. Pretty good. But I really like that these Doge guys came out and did this. I I actually wish that they had done it earlier. Yeah, people are saying more they want this Doge is awesome. Very productive interview. Yeah, I, I totally agree with you. This is a, this is worthwhile because at its core, this is about holding the government accountable, isn't it? The whole point is, if you're gonna speak truth to power, you should bring in people who are actually scrutinizing the way the government is using what it took from you.


And that's what Doge is. So good interview with. Brett did a a fantastic interview here because I, I just think that it's edifying to actually get real answers outta your government. How many times did we sit around going, Hey, can we get some, can we get anything here? How about some answers about literally anything? And these guys were very successful in their own right, spending a lot of time digging into our government and getting us answers every day. And then they're posting it to that doge.gov website, which is really a fantastic place to go. If you're, once again, if you got your, your lefty neighbors or family members who are like, what are they doing? Send 'em to doge go.gov and then say, okay, try to defend the spending that these guys are actually saving us on now. Amazing. Okay, so the out of control spending, one of the ways it's happening is everyone has a government credit card.


In fact, I don't even know how you could have this many credit cards active from the United States government right now. Take a listen to this. Cut eight. This is all, these are all of the credit cards that Doge had just discovered. Yeah, EE exactly. And we're headed in a bad path, But that the chance of success exists. And just the one that just is, is in my head right now, which is a fairly mundane one, but I think is very illustrative, is credit cards. Yeah. Oh yeah. There are in, in the federal government around 4.6 million credit cards for around 2.3 to 2.4 million employees. This doesn't make sense. 4.6 million credit cards that have been handed out to 2.3 million employees.


What? So everybody's got a credit card. Is it, is that the way it works at your business, don't you? I mean, so in a normal functioning business, like you, you, I mean, you really try to protect what you're spending money on. And usually the junior level employees, I guess it depends on the business, but not everybody has a company card. Usually that's reserved for like the guys who are you, you go up in the ranks, you're more senior, you've got a company card you can use, but you still should be making responsible decisions with the card. If you're going out for, you know, four martini lunches every day with the company card, hopefully somebody's gonna audit your spending And it'll catch up with you if that, if that's not generating business for you, probably a bad idea.


Gee, oh Gee doesn't have a company card. Gee, the executive producer of this program doesn't have a, I don't have a company card. Nobody has a company card. I don't even think Dan Bonino had a company card. That's how locked down we are here. But this is the, the world that normal people live in. The federal government handed out two four, was it 4.6 million that comes out to two per person to 2.3 million government employees in an environment where we have 3 million federal government employees. Yeah, that math ain't math thing, as they say, it's not, it's not adding enough unless it's just about how can we waste the most possible money as quickly as possible, which you do with, with those credit cards.


So that's, that's another wild detail from this excellent interview. Really, really good. Here's another one. The, in terms of the fraud at the small business administration, they do small business loans. People can apply for loans with the small business administration. Fraudsters have been using stolen social security numbers to do that, including from nine month old little babies. Take a look at this, For example, there were over $300 million of small business administration loans that has been given out to people under the age of 11. Well, well actually to add to, it's 300 million under the age of 11 and over 300 million to over the age of 120.


So the, the, the youngest recipient of a small business administration loan is a nine month year old, which is a very, very cautious baby. We're talking about here, A nine month old. So in other words, a nine month old child was born nine months prior, if you can do the math and a social security number was generated, and then a number before that kid's, even a year old, was stolen by a fraudster and then used to apply to steal money from you. And what the fellows say in this interview, which is right, if you ever have your identity stolen in this way and your social security is num number is used to take out a loan in your name, and then the loan is never paid back.


What does that do to your credit rating? What does that do to you for the rest of your life? How much of a mess does that create for you? And this kid's nine months old. Nine months old. So what does that mean for the rest of that kid's life that they're gonna have to endure? So it's, there's, there's a lot that they're uncorking here. And, and I like that they're using these algorithms too to get to the bottom of, of everything. They go into these agencies, they're searching through everything they possibly can. They're how they're, you got a lot of computer whizzes on the team who are using the data to inform them. And that seems to be like, that's one of the only ways you could possibly tackle this behemoth that is the federal government. And these guys are doing it the right way. So it's, again, this is, I, as far as I'm concerned, this is one of the most useful exercises in creating some government efficiency I've seen in my entire lifetime.


They described government spending in the past as a ratchet, you know, you know the feeling of a ratchet, you click it forward, it doesn't go back as click, click, click, click, click, and then you try and push it back. It won't, the tooth will catch it. That's the way the federal government has spent your money through the years. They create all these government programs and they just keep ratcheting them forward. And you can never click backwards. These guys are breaking the teeth and they're moving things back, which is good using everything that's at their disposal. All right, so we've got nine months old receiving all of that, or well, having their identities stolen as the money's taken. And then Brett asks the, the fellows who are sitting in front of him, why are all of you guys doing this? You're very successful.


You've got very successful careers, you've got families you have to take care of. You've come from major positions in industry. Listen to the guys talk about why they're in this game. Now, Last thing, do you guys all see this as a patriotic duty? I mean, is that really what this is about? It's essential. So I do a hundred percent. I I was running five businesses in Houston and, and I left that, I left great people to do this. And my wonderful wife said, go for it. And here I am. But I, I feel like this is me giving back to the country. If, if we don't do this, we're sunk the ship. Unless, unless this exercise is successful, the ship of America will sink.


That's why we're doing it. Unless this exercise is successful, the ship of America will shrink. That's the, the Elon Musk assessment. The, the men who were in that room, impressive people in their own right now using those skills to help out the government. And last thing I'll say on this for for the moment is, you know, it has been the tendency on the left that the most successful people on the left try and go into the government. They, they focus all of their efforts and energies into governance. Whereas traditionally in the past, the most successful people on the right that go into private industry, they go into for-profit industry to, to try and, you know, generate income for themselves and take care of workers and their families.


But now, just because we're the upheaval we're going through and how out of control our federal government's become very successful people from the private sector have decided, including the president himself, president Trump, have decided, okay, I've gotta take a break from that and I have to focus on getting my country back. And so I'll take those guys any day of the week. Very happy to have them on our side. In a moment, I wanna talk a little bit more about the massive cutting, trimming, downsizing that's going on with the government. We'll do that with the mighty Reagan Reese, the White House correspondent for the Daily Caller.


But first I have to tell you, I have been using the bond charge infrared sauna blanket and the red light face mask ever since I received them and they sent them to me and I can't recommend them enough. I first turned that sauna blanket to help with muscle recovery. Detoxification become a game changer. It's very easy to use. You just wrap yourself up. Let that infrared heat work its magic. And I've noticed a real difference in how relaxed and rejuvenated I feel afterward. The Red light face mask is equally impressive. I'm using it to help improve my skin's texture and reduce inflammation. I've seen some fantastic results. It's like I'm having a mini spot treatment right at home. If you're thinking of trying them out, you're in luck. Head to bond charge.com and use the code VINCE at checkout to get 15% off. Both of these products have made such a positive impact on helping my wellness routine. I'm sure you're gonna love them too. Use the code VINCE at bond charge.com to save 15%. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


And are you a yo-yo dieter by any chance? You diet, you lose some weight, but then you gain it all back plus a few extra pounds. Well, this can be dangerous for you. It is dangerous. Studies show that it can increase your risk of heart attack, stroke type two diabetes and other health problems breaking free of that, that yo-yo diet pattern. It's a main reason doctors created Lean. Lean is a supplement. It's not an injection. You don't need a prescription. The science behind Lean is impressive. It's studied natural ingredients, target weight loss in three powerful ways. Lean helps maintain healthy blood sugar, it helps control appetite and cravings And it helps burn fat by converting fat into energy. Listen, if you're tired of losing weight and then gaining it back, lean was created just for you. Let me get you started with 20% off. Enter the code VINCE twenty@takelean.com. That's code VINCE twenty@takeleann.com. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease and is not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider.


Okay? So we are paring the government down, bringing it down to side. Speaking of lean, we're trimming the government up right now and that's good news. And one of the ways that's happening is inside of one of the biggest departments in the federal government, the Department of Education. And for more on that subject and a lot more the great Reagan Reese White House correspondent for the Daily Caller in the house today. Hello Reagan. Hi VINCE. Thanks for having me. Nice to see you here in the Rumble Studios here in dc We'll get to the White House stuff in a moment. But I know you've been tracking Linda McMahon of WWE fame Oh yeah. At the, at the Department of Education. And I kind of love the analogy that the wrestling lady is gonna suplex an entire agency of the federal government.


What's happening there? It's awesome. So yeah, last week President Trump signed this long awaited executive order to start the dismantling of the Department of Education. And so what that does is it directs Linda McMahon to look at the department and, you know, decide what elements of it can go to other departments of the federal government. Yeah. So it doesn't say explicitly, you know, this part, the student loan should go here. Right. The Department of the Department of Civil Rights. The Civil Rights Office. It doesn't say where that should go, but Linda kind of gave me a sneak peek and she told me that that civil rights office will probably go to the DOJ and the DOJ Pam Bondy Cash Patel will be the ones investigating schools that violate the law Yes.


That violate Title IX that are discriminating against students. And so she's on this mission right now to, you know, dissect the whole Department of Education Yes. While also waiting for Congress to codify the executive order and fully eliminate the Department of Education. So In other words, it sounds like that the law requires them to retain these functions somewhere. And so the agency's saying, okay, we'll just let the other agencies do it and we'll just shutter this building as much as humanly possible. Yeah. There are certain elements of the Department of Education that are established through law by Congress. Yeah. And so Congress will have to act to fully get rid of the Department of Education. But something Linda told me this week, secretary McMahon, was that she is personally lobbying senators and congressmen on the hill to codify this, this bill in Congress.


And this was something, you know, Trump wasn't able to get done Right. That first time around. And Linda, you know, less than a week later is already on Capitol Hill saying, we're getting this done. We have four years, we have the majority now let's do it. Did she, So I saw your reporting on the subject earlier. She knew that she was being hired to be a wrecking ball. Yes. Yes. So I asked Linda McMahon, did you know that when you took this job, your end goal was to put yourself out of a job? Right. And she was like, absolutely. I was fully on board with the president's mission. Keep in mind she was co-chair of the transition project. So, you know, she was very involved in what the president's mission was. Right. But she said they sat down, they had a very honest conversation.


He was very clear with her and said, you know, my goal is to eliminate this. Yeah. To essentially put you out of work. And he knew she was passionate about it. He asked her if she could do it. She said yes. And so they've set out since, you know, before day one to make sure that Linda is unemployed by the end Of this. It's, this is awesome. So I think one of the things, one of the, the lies that's being told about the Department of Education by shuttering it, that kids are not gonna have money anymore. Like kids are gonna lose their education. These schools are gonna have to close, they're gonna be destitute on the streets. But that's not what's happening. No. The whole, you know, philosophy of closing down the Department of Education is to really give power back to the states.


Right. And these states are the closest to these children to, you know, let these states have the ultimate authority over which schools get money and how that's going to be distributed. They're, again, the funding with the Department of Education is just going to be allocated to other departments of the federal government. Yeah. It's not essentially going away. Of course, doge is in the Department of Education and they have made great cuts Yes. To the Department of Education. But largely schools are not going to feel, I think, a large impact by this speech Shut down. Why Don't they, why don't they just cut taxes? So instead of like playing this game, like I like Yeah, I get it.


Like what we should do is like the money should go instead of the, the Department of Education where they skim money off the top and they use it for whatever they wanna use it for. And then they're like, and then we'll distribute it to the states. Why don't we just start with not taking the money? How about just you, you cut taxes such that the states can just keep the money that they already have that people can keep. And then state the states can handle their taxation there for education. Why are we even including the federal government? I know, or I don't even know. I feel like I'm partial from this. I'm a couple years outta college, I'm, you know, this whole student loan thing. Yeah. I don't know why the government is, you know, still responsible for trying to relieve some of these loans from these students.


Yes. I think the could spend a ton of money there. Didn't you go to Hillsdale? I did go to Hillsdale. Hillsdale doesn't take any government money. Right. So we don't take government money. I was very fortunate to be on a partial scholarship for softball. Yeah. And, but I did take out a loan from Hillsdale itself. Yes. And so I'm in debt to Hillsdale College. Right. So the government can never bail me out of that. Yes. And I am, I, I wrote this actually while I was in college for the Wall Street Journal. I said, I would love to pay my student debt to Hillsdale. I think it is my responsibility. Sure. My parents and I sat down when I was going to decide to go to Hillsdale And I said, you're gonna be, you know, we're gonna help you here, but you're also gonna have this amount of debt left.


Right. Is this something that you feel that you can take, that you can commit to because mom and dad aren't gonna bail you out? And I was like, yes. And that was, you know, a commitment I made when I was 17, 18 years old. And So I love that. But the cool thing about Hillsdale not taking any federal cash is the federal government can't control anything that happens at Hillsdale. It's not, they're not subjected to all of these ridiculous strings that are attached to colleges that take federal money. So that's, that's pretty cool. But that is the, but the, look, the core point about this government, the government loans and things, the whole reason college is so expensive is because of the money, the way that the money's been handed out by the federal government, the, the, the cost of college every year has skyrocketed way past the inflation rate because the government's been involved.


Yes. Yeah. I, it's Hillsdale is, I can speak from my personal experience, Hillsdale's inexpensive crazily by like what colleges considered today. I believe base tuition is about $30,000. And the fact that that is inexpensive for a higher education institution. Yeah. Other ones that I was looking at when I was looking to go to college, you know, it was like $80,000 a year. And So I think Hillsdale's just a perfect testament to that and how not taking money from the federal government smart. Makes things affordable. Yeah. Keep the federal government outta your life as much as possible. It helps what is happening at the White House these days? You, this, you're the White House correspondent.


You're there all the time. You constantly are literally constantly talking to the president what's happening. Yes. It, this week of course you guys are all aware of Signal Gate. And so that's been the whole thing that I think has really taken over the White House this week. But I do think that we, once we hit the weekend, are gonna start to shift and turn over. The president signed some pretty important executive orders this week. He signed an executive order on election integrity. The RNC kind of reinforced that election integrity executive order. Yeah. With a public records request of their own. He pardoned Deon Archer, which I think was a very big deal to a lot of people.


Yes. Kind of paying attention to this, who are really into this Hunter Biden stuff. And then of course, what I think is going to take over the news cycle is pulling this Elise St. Nomination Right. To keep the house majority. So that's, I wanted to ask you about that. So do you think the White House is gonna do anything with the special elections Next week? We have a big Wisconsin special election Look, if you're in Wisconsin, I'm, I I said I've been saying it all week. I'll say it again here. Go vote Now. Literally the early votes happening as we speak. Election day officially is on Tuesday. And that's the control of the State Supreme Court, which will decide the congressional boundaries in the state of Wisconsin. It'll decide voting rules for future elections in the state of Wisconsin.


The stakes are as high as they can possibly be in that race. So get involved right now in Wisconsin. And the other is in Florida where we have these two congressional seats to replace both Matt Gates and Mike Waltz. And right now that, that Florida District six where Mike Waltz vacated, it's very tight right now. Do you anticipate President Trump or Vice President Vance becoming more involved? So this is something I've been poking around about and something that I think has been well received from the people I've spoken to at the White House. I haven't heard anything specific or concrete about either of them going to each location to try to make a pitch.


I do know those Florida seats, while they are close, are projected to remain in GOP Control. But that Wisconsin Supreme Court race, I've been working on this story where I'm kind of talking to consultants and strategists across the GOP, just learning about what they're up to right now. And every single one I have spoken to a dozen at this point, is heavily involved in this Wisconsin Supreme Court race and very worried about it. Yeah. And So I hope if that we are to see the vice President or the President do anything, I think Wisconsin, there could be a chance in, in Wisconsin. Well, Elon's doing something. Elon expressed overnight that he intends to go to Wisconsin this weekend and do an event for people who've already voted in the Wisconsin election to kind of get them out there.


Basically the, you, I think the, the price of entry is that you've already voted in the Wisconsin, how you check that early election through Vote sticker? I guess so. Yeah. You bring your, your Voto sticker in. That's so funny. I voted, but he's gonna give away $2 million checks at this thing. He said, isn't that wild? So he's like, he's like, so this guy, he really does put his money where his mouth is. I already saw Lefty. He is like, he's bribing people. He's bribing. We gotta charge him. Now's our chance arrest Elon. But Elon jumping into this thing, and also in Florida, I think he's been running text message campaigns through his America Pac Yes. To get people to show up to vote for these Republicans. So thankfully Elon's still on the fight here.


I would like to see more spending though. 'cause in that, in that District six, you've got the Democrat has a 10 to one spending advantage right now. $10 million for the Democrat, 1 million for the Republican. We've just got a couple days to go before this election. This is a massive deal. President Trump needs the margins, doesn't he? Yes, Definitely. And I think these races are good indications to the GOP on just like, it's kind of like an early feedback loop on what they're thinking of President Trump and what's going on in the White House in terms of the spending. VINCE, this is something I have been talking to, you know, sources in the GOP who are heavily involved in these races and something that's on their radar that they are not spending enough in these races and that they are being outspent by Democrats.


And that is an easy way for the GOP to ball flatfooted and to kind of have the rug pulled out from underneath them. And of course, that's not what they want and not what they're hoping to do. Especially now as Democrats are in disarray, they have no leader and they seem to be embracing the two furthest left leaders that they could in this moment where the whole country essentially just shifted right after the November election. And Democrats cannot agree on why they lost and are essentially rejecting the results and embracing a OC and Sanders. And so I think that these consultants and strategists are taking all of this into account. They're very aware that, you know, they're not spending enough and that they have a real time to capitalize Yeah.


On how weak the Democratic party is right now. They sure look like it, but man, I, you know, I don't, the the, the trap that we'll fall into is, is if we comfort ourselves that Democrats are weak and then we become, you know, kind of lackadaisical lazy in the face of all of these threats. And Democrats are spending ungodly sums of money to try and pick up even little small races because in it, they see not only a, an an attempt to pick up some more power, but also an opportunity to change the media cycle. Which is like, oh, look at us. We're, we're insurgent, we're winning these races that nobody was talking about. Nobody expected us to win here. And then they, it's narrative construction. That's what they're focused on right now.


You know, we might not have seen much of Kamala Harris, but I get more campaign emails from Kamala Harris it feels like, than I did during the campaign cycle. Yeah. So the DNC is also just, yeah, they're out there. They're fundraising. They definitely seem aggressive, even though I think a lot of the reporting I've seen, especially outta Politico and CNN, is that there's a deep fracture within the party and that the constituents are very upset. Yeah. That they feel alone and disappointed in how the party has, has failed them. And so, you know, there's real opportunity for the GOP. What I've heard from the RNC especially is that they're aware and they're looking to capitalize. Yes.


Well, the Democrats are a wounded animal right now, and right now is our obligation to finish them off. Hey, thank you very much. Reagan, Reese, of course, sorry, out respondent for the daily car. You'll see her next from the White House when she's there all the time asking questions to the president. Thank you again, Reagan. Thank you. I appreciate that. I wanna talk about a little bit something of what Reagan was just addressing, which is she mentioned that Signal Gate has taken over much of the White House conversation. Missouri Senator Eric Schmidt, who was on the radio show with me yesterday, had a great line on this subject. He was interviewed by some reporters in the hallway at the United States Senate yesterday. Listen to cut 13 here, Senator Eric Schmidt in the hallways of the United States Senate.


I Think this whole thing is a total joke in the sense that you guys have asked me more questions in the last two days about this than President Autopen not having the mental capacity to make decisions as commander in chief. There was no investigation there. Lloyd Austin was missing an action, didn't tell anybody, including the commander in chief that he was in the hospital. Yeah. You guys are outta control. This is so stupid. We've got literally, you you wanna talk about accountability. You know, we had 13 Americans die overseas during an a absolutely fu barred exit from Afghanistan. Nobody, nobody had any planning whatsoever. I'd love to see some signal chats from those guys.


Did anybody have any plan there? No. They just decided to abandon Bagram first and then try and leave from Cobbles and saying, And it led to the, the loss of life and the maiming of so many great American troops who had to suffer the consequences of zero leadership. And then Lloyd Austin, who sort of disappeared and didn't tell the commander in chief, nobody knew where he was. They tried to keep it a big secret. That's the behavior of the prior administration. So it was rich that anybody's making a big deal out of Yes. A mistake to, for Jeffrey Goldberg to end up on that thread, they should get to the bottom of that. But the idea that this, that these guys are anything but competent navigators who are adults who are working on behalf of the country.


Ridiculous. So Senator Schmidt saying it totally right. It was really good. And going after President Autopen. Yeah. Unicorn breath says they're using, I'm using that President Autopen. It is funny. I like that. And President Trump's been doing that too. They keep posting pictures with this show, each of the presidents on successively, and then right in the middle, it'll be an auto pen for, for Joe Biden. Really funny, really funny stuff. And so Eric Schmidt taps into the, the big thing that I wanted to get to here, which is that Democrats don't have something to run on. They got, I think I don know if he said in that clip right there, but in the, in the, in the broader audio, he says, you know, they got their asses beat in November and they don't know what to do.


They don't have a strategy. So that what they're trying to do is create scandal where there is no meaningful scandal because they don't really have any good options for you. They don't have a good story to tell. But there, there are some people running around who think they can tell a good story on behalf of the left yesterday, I can't even believe that these two got together to do a stage show. It's perfect. It's like a a, a tour, some sort of like political rally for beta's in the Democrat party. Tim Walls and Beto O'Rourke, whose name is actually Beto, it's Robert actually. Adversity, they get together, they've been Talking about this for years as a country of immigrants. And we let them define the issue on immigration.


We let them define the issue on D-N-I-D-E-I and we let them define what woke is. We got ourselves in this mess because we weren't bold enough to stand up and say, you damn right, we're proud of these policies, we're gonna put them in and we're gonna execute them. And so Listen to this idiot. I I can't get enough of this. I, I hope Tim Walls has a prominent position with the party. Look at that tampon. Oh, sorry, this way. There it is. Tampon Tim, right there. There he is. Fellas. That's an amazing graphic. That's, it's actually horrifying in a way, but I love that it's on screen tampon Tim Walls. There he is being a complete goober, but he's standing on that stage and he says, you know what, we let Republicans set the narrative on immigration, DEI and wokeness.


And that was the real problem. So what we should do is double down on our positions on immigration, DEI and wokeness. What are their positions as it relates to those three things? Well, they're really fundamentally two things, but what are their positions? Their positions are that we need to open our borders, allow chaos to run rough shot over the streets of the United States of America, and that we should instill racial prejudice into every one of our institutions. This is the crap that Americans voted against. So yes, by all means tampon, Tim, go back to that. Go back to that. Well keep singing from that sheep music and see how that works for you in the midterms. See how that works for you in every success of presidential election going forward.


You don't like the wilderness right now. You're gonna go deeper into it the more you do that. So please, by all means, go back to that. That, that's a great idea. Thank you tampon, Tim. And so, like I said, walls is up there. He also, walls responded. The audience questions at a lefty event are very dangerous to take. So look, I'm looking at the chat right now and we've got, we've got a, a world class chat. Everyone has, not everybody, almost everybody has something very smart and sophisticated to say in the chat. You know, there's always gonna be a few dunderheads in the group, but not that many. And meanwhile, go to a left-wing rally with Beto and, and Tim Balls. Everyone's a psychopath. Everybody in the crowd is a complete psychopath.


And so they go to a q and A segment and they're like, okay, let's hand the microphones around, which is great. I hope they do this at every Democrat event going forward. And a woman gets up and she says, the only reason Trump won in the last election is because he stole it. He stole the election. And Tim Walls agrees with her. Listen to this Integrity. I hope they all have seen the reports from cybersecurity experts that they've released analyses of election data out of Clark County, Nevada. That shows some pretty convincing evidence of election Dampering. My biggest fear is that we're not gonna make it to the midterms.


So what can we do to make sure A, that the midterms actually happen, and b, that they're free of fraud? Yeah. Thank you for asking. Well, yeah, thi this one's a core. We saw just recently Donald Trump's executive order to make it more difficult, specifically to women trying to make it more difficult for women to be able to vote. We see one of the first things they do is, is try and restrict the vote. This is one of the things though, that this is going to take power to the streets. And look, I don't know what the answer is on this. It is unbelievable. So rather than tell her like, settle down lady, that's not what you just said is not true.


The election wasn't stolen. He wanted fair and square. We've gotta offer a better alternative. We, if we're gonna win in the future, it's better to be clear out about these things so we can return to power if we actually have a good message. He didn't say any of that. He said, oh yeah, no, you're right, you're right. And this is, this is one of the things. And then he goes on to, to, to add another conspiracy theory. He says, Trump is trying to prevent women from voting specifically. No, there's, there's no basis for that whatsoever. That was a complete invention. He, that's, he tampons him. He's, he's up to his old tricks. And then we had Beto, Beto was with him again. These, both of these men are now famous for losing major political races. That's their, that that is the highlight of their life.


Here is Beto O'Rourke saying that elections need to be less secure going forward. Folks, We have been soaked every single day since 2013. Texas, the worst voter ID law in the country, Texas closed 700 polling places. Where did they close them? In the fastest growing black and brown neighborhoods in the state of Texas, Texas, 13% rejection on mail in ballots. You see that in Banana Republics. You do not see it in modern democracies, but you see it in Texas. So listen, this is the question of the hour, because if we do not save our democracy, and if we do not get one back in the state of Texas, every other thing that we care about becomes impossible.


I who let that guy outta the insane asylum? So that's idiotic everything he said, just completely idiotic. And so he wants Texas's elections to be less secure. I wanna remind you about something in Texas, Texas and Georgia, both in the last few years passed election integrity laws that dramatically improved the quality and believability of their elections. This happened after the 2020 election when there was so much chaos going on, especially in Georgia, as you know. And one of the ways things were changed where they changed signature verification for, for mail-in ballots, it used to be that you could just, you would sign the ballot and then elections officials would stare at your signature and they'd make a decision whether or not it was authentic.


And if they felt like there was anything off on your signature, they could throw out your ballot, they could reject your ballot. And that was happening at a higher rate to black Americans than it was happening to other people. Other words, and these are legitimate voters who want their, their vote counted, but their signature doesn't match the one that they signed when they were 18 years old. It's not the same. Your signature changes over the course of your life. And none of these people are handwriting experts. These elections officials. They're just staring at a signature going, eh, that ballot's out. And so to what extent are they doing that on the basis of political preference? Oh, we're throwing that one out. I'll use this as a, as a pretext, I'll throw that ballot out. So Georgia and Texas also strengthened their laws. Georgia makes it so that you have to include your license number now, your, like your state issued license number on the mail-in ballot.


And that's how they verify your identity instead of this signature matching scheme. And it resulted in lower ballot rejections because authentic ballots were able to be successfully counted, and fewer black voters were disenfranchised as a result of this. So what Beto is talking about is psychotic. It, it is a perfect inversion of the truth. And of course, the reason he is arguing for that is because he's thoroughly convinced that the only way he could possibly ever win an election is if it was stolen, because that's true. The only circumstances Beto wins an election is, is gonna be fraudulent. Hey, one other piece here that I, I have to get to before we close today on the program, the New York Times has an incredible, really funny piece today, but, but great.


It just, it just exposes what's actually going on with the immigration issue in the country. The illegal issue in the country. Illegals are now self deporting fell. Can you pull up my, my ex thread on this subject? Illegals are now self deporting. They're leaving the country. And the New York Times reports this morning that this used to be mocked, that illegals would self deport. Mitt Romney mentioned it in a 12, in a 2012 presidential debate, and people thought he was ridiculous. Mitt Romney is sort of ridiculous, But that concept of self deportation not ridiculous. President Trump has been saying that you should do it. If you do it, then that means that you might have a chance to come back someday.


If you don't, and we catch you, well, we're gonna make sure you never come back to the United States. And fellas, would you expand the thread here on the show? More replies on that one. One of the key takeaways from this piece today is that the videos Yeah. That second item, the, the one that you just scrolled past. Yes, exactly. The videos of the gangsters that were just sent off to the maximum security prisons in El Salvador are having the effect that I talked about with you this week, and especially yesterday saying, show me more. Remember you saw Christie Noam, the DHS secretary standing in front of the prison cells, illegals all behind her, all tatted up, all staring forward. That video was not just for you to see, to see that your government's working on your behalf.


That video was for would be illegals to see, to know that their chances of getting into the country are non-existent. And if they try, that could be one of the fates that await them, that those videos have had the effect of making people want to self deport. The New York Times reports that there are Venezuelan men in particular who are now considering self deporting from the United States because they've seen these videos of El Salvador and they don't want that fate. And, and this is one of the areas where media lies or maybe helping us because the media is pretending like, oh, it's just normal people who are being deported to El Salvador. No, it's awful, gangsters. But even if the media is saying that is having the effect of illegals going, I gotta get outta the country.


I don't want any of this heat. I'm leaving. They say that self deportations are happening all over the place, including Springfield, Ohio. People in Chicago are leaving illegals in Springfield, Ohio are leaving. This is all, these are positive developments. So, so President Trump is once again saving you tax dollars because people are literally deporting themselves to get out of the country right now. Boy, it sure feels like this is what I voted for. Oh, that's right, because I did. Hey, for, for those of you listening to the podcast, thank you for that. For those of you watching on Rumble, rumble has a great service going on every day. So many smart Americans have an opportunity to speak to you, one after the other.


And Rumble is just changing the streaming game entirely. And it's because they love this country and they want to do it the right way. Not censor people, not put you on these like stupid platforms where they don't even allow your opinion to be expressed. Rumble's the right place to be. I'm glad you're here. I'll, and coming up next, you'll, you'll see Steven Crowder and then you'll see me again next week. 10:00 AM Eastern, right here on Rumble. Good to talk to you.