
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With, your host, Dan Bonino. Guy's just like popping me on the camera like, no intro, no nothing. It's like, don't worry. It's not like a formal show or anything. It's like a coffee clutch or something. Like you're hanging around with your boys. Hey, look, you ever seen Cheers, norm? Like you just pop in random. The meat of the bar? Yeah. Yeah. Something good. I, I wouldn't say anything. Does the show look a little different today? I just told these guys I wouldn't say anything. We swapped out a camera yesterday. I would look a little more tan. I'm not, I promise it's a good look for me though. Maybe I should walk around with a camera and have people only view me through this camera lens.


I'd have a nice little tan all the time. We're working on some stuff. Again, we're building out the studio, so have some patience with us. We appreciate it. Last night was a total mess again, folks, I keep telling you, I'm, everybody's waiting for this big, huge bump to come out of the Democrat National Convention every night. They're like, yes, it's gonna be here today. I have been objective about it, have I not? I do not like Democrats. I am not a Democrat. I can't stand the Democrats. I do everything to stop the Democrats. However, if they do something that's gonna work for them, we gotta know how to counteract it. The Obama mic and Michelle speeches, Barack and Michelle speeches, yes, they were pretty decent For the Democrats, they may get a little lift outta that. Last night was a mess.


Bill Clinton, who typically is a pretty good, can be a pretty good speaker when he wants to be, was a disaster last night. Lot to talk about. And folks, I know I say this a lot about the Secret Service story, but it just got crazier yesterday. I told you the question a while ago was, who is this guy working with? Now you're gonna see why I am asking it.


Hey, you heard me rave about Beam's Dream Powder every week. Go get it today. They're offering their largest discounted Chop Beam dot com slash bonino Use code bonino


Big show today. I got that. A new video that surfaced just the other day of crooks, just randomly walking around the assassin and nobody seems to pick up on anything. Something I told you about too. Last week's gonna come up again. Listen, we're not getting any younger. you know that your doctor's probably telling you you need to build some muscle and lose fat. Well, you shouldn't just be doing cardio. It may not be enough. You gotta lift weight. Strength training is where it's at.


Listen, I'm telling you, I love this machine. I have the All-in-one fitness machine from Jacked Up Fitness. The owner, Don's an amazing guy, sent me this machine. I'm gonna be have some pictures for you. The gym's almost done. You are gonna go bananas over this machine. Everything it does, it does great. You wanna work the lats amazing. Pull down. You wanna work the chest. You got the flies, you got the Smith bench. Of course, you got the regular bench. You can just do whatever you want with that. The attachments are incredible. I found the new gizmo this morning on the machine, on the cables on each side. It has a double connection. You can do bent over rows with this curl bar. It's like a reverse easy curl bar, amazing jacked up fitness. Check 'em out, folks. This is the official fitness equipment company of the Bino Army. You gotta be strong. You gotta build muscle. These guys also are very charitable, are donating 900 machines to Wounded Warrior Project. You know, they really love that project and they do good work. It's a $1 million value donation. So if you're looking to take charge of your health and buy from a company that supports veterans and loves America, order your gym today@getjackedup.com. The machines are amazing. They have a ton of options. I used the Preacher Curl this morning too. Get jacked up.com. The exclusive promo code for Dan Bonino listeners is promo code bonino or checkout. You'll get 10% off. Get jacked up.com. Everybody go visit their website today.


All right, fellas, let's go. So I'm gonna get to the Secret Service story in a minute. But I, I'm I'm obligated to cover this Absolute shit show last night at the DNC. It was a mess. The soundbite of the day from the DNC is a cabinet level official in the Biden administration. Theis, Gina Raimondo, formerly of Rhode Island. You wanna talk about a moron. Imagine saying this on live television. you know, the jobs numbers were revised down by nearly a million. You can call it whatever you want. Dip wads, whatever you'd like. On the left, it is a revision down, meaning whatever jobs Biden has been touting minus nearly a million off that, that's a fact.


It's from his Bureau of Labor Statistics. It's not a Donald Trump campaign slogan. Okay? Here's his Commerce Secretary, Gina Raimondo on a live television show, claiming she's unfamiliar with the BLS. You are working the cabinet, you are the Commerce Secretary. Maybe familiarize yourself with the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Watch this. When you hear that, do you potentially think that this new numbers could be a liability for this Campaign? No. When I hear that, first of all, I don't believe it because I have never heard Donald Trump say anything truthful. It is though, from the Bureau of Labor. I don't, I, I'm not familiar with that. Holy folks, this is a cabinet official in the Biden regime.


What did I tell you yesterday about the Democrats? Ladies and gentlemen, they lie about everything. Dan, what's she lying about? Folks, come on. you know what I'm talking about. don don't mean to sound like a jerk, but Gina Raimondo knows what the Bureau of Labor statistics is. She's just lying. How many times do I have to say this on this show? There is nothing that Democrats tell you that's true. And By the way I'm praying I get to this later. If not, I'll get to it tomorrow. but it is a banger segment I put together yesterday. You will never have this kind of communism without a compliant media. How the hell does that woman in the media let her get away with that without saying, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.


You are a cabinet level official in the Biden administration and you're claiming you have no idea what the freaking BBLs is. You should resign right now. I don't wanna waste too much time on the DNC, but here was Bill Clinton last night, again, with one of the, of the greatest self owns of the night. Self owns not cellphones, self owns of the night. Horrible speech. Folks, I have to tell you when I'm wrong, I'm wrong. I, you know, I, I pride myself on self correctives on the show. I've heard Bill Clinton speak for a long time. He's given some banger speeches in the past. I mean, if it's all bs, we get it. They're all lies.


It's all nonsense. That's what Democrats do. I just showed you that But I, I'm not gonna spin your wheels. Clinton can typically give a good speech when he wants to. Tonight was, last night was on one of those nights. What a mess. It dragged on for 27 minutes. People were falling asleep. It was supposed to be 12 minutes. He sounded hoarse, he sounded terrible. And this is the line he thought was the banger. That unfortunately for the Democrats, made everyone, again, focus on age. But who's in office now? Joe Biden, who's older than Bill Clinton. This was really dumb. Watch this two Days ago. I turned 78, the oldest man in my family before generation, and the only personal vanity I want to assert is I'm still younger than Donald Trump last night.


Notice all these morons clapping, not realizing that the guy in the White House right now is in their same party, is so old. He has some kind of cognitive malfunction that was so bad that their own party forced him out and put in a 60-year-old woman who never got a single vote for president. I, I'm not sure this was the laugh line Bill Clinton thought it was because the next question I, I would have, well, if age is an issue, why hasn't Biden resigned? And second, if age is an issue and you guys booted Biden out because of his age, then what the hell did Kamala Harris know? Bill Clinton's usually smarter than this man. This was just dumb assery like I've never seen folks, this thing I'm telling you has been a loser for them.


Go to the Le Go to Playbook in Axios. These communist websites, the media are all complaining. They're sharing space with influencers. They don't like it. This thing has been a mess. There's been a couple moments for 'em Again, the Obama speeches went, okay, Walzer's speech was all over the place last night. Again, this guy is such a bullshit artist. I've never seen anything like Tim Mos. He's faker than Kamala Harris. Here he is. Last night speaking after Bill Clinton. Anyone know where he went to school? You have any idea guys went? I think he went. That was a law school. Anyone, Jim? Yes. He went to Yale. Yale. And many of the speakers last night at the DNC were big ass kissers to the Ivy League and went there too, which makes this the weirdest flex I've ever heard.


Here's Tampon. Tim Walls, king of the Doritos. Here he is last night bragging that he's a school teacher who never produced the kid smart enough to go to Yale while the speaker before him went to Yale, along with many other Democrat speakers who went to Yale before dumbest flex I have ever seen, and this is why the dumb ass Democrats are flatlining on this garbage convention. Watch this dumb assery. I had 24 kids in my high school class and none of them went to Yale. You're proud of that. I don't understand. Like I thought that was what all you liberals aspired to, to send your kids to the Harvard, Yale.


I thought that's, that's what Dartmouth right? That's what it's all about. So you're bragging that number one, you're not a good enough teacher. You're getting to an Ivy League school when the guy who spoke before you went to the same school, you're now shitting on folks. I'm telling you objectively, because we have to know how to battle back tactically, when to fight, when to poke, when to move, when to flex, when not to flex, when to flank. This thing has been a disaster. We'll see what happens with Kamala Harris's speech tonight. Obviously I'm on it. I'm not gonna wait. We go 10 minutes. I promise I wouldn't waste any more time moving on.


'cause it's actually important stuff to talk about. And that's not it. but it is a news show. And I covered it. So there you go. Did my job. We're done last night. Sucked. Objectively, folks, the Secret Service thing is getting ugly right now. This video has emerged. Can you just run this on vo, just loop it for a few minutes. I want people to see this. Here is the assassin at the Butler County Pennsylvania murder site. Crooks. We just keep this on loop for a minute. Now, crooks is walking around at this site, this surfaced the other day, and this has been all over the media. Apparently one of the vendors didn't even realize he had this. Got it. Turned it over to law enforcement. Now it's made its way around the media circles. Now I'm gonna tell you something here.


This is a strange looking guy. Okay? Now, okay, don, don't wanna screw this up. I'm, I'm sorry folks. I don't, I really don't wanna mess this up. It's really important, man. I don't wanna reveal any secrets either. So I'm in a delicate kind of balancing act given my prior profession. The Secret Service spends an inordinate amount of time training people on behavioral, behavioral indicators in the protective intelligence space. Gee, if this segment sucks, just tell me to shut up. Okay? He's good at this. The protective intelligence spaces. How do we find an assassin before an assassin finds us? Well, some of them will actually tell you, I'm gonna go kill the president. You go find him. Most of them don't.


Most of them don't. Most of them you have to pick out. There are behavioral indicators. I, out of a abundance of caution, I hope you understand. I'm obviously not gonna put out on the show. 'cause then if there's a potential assassin, they'll record this and then not do those behavioral indicators. So be irresponsible in me to do that. However, having spent an inordinate amount of time doing protective intelligence, both in our Long Island office and in New York, I'm very familiar with this. This guy is strange. Now we know he was being watched for well over an hour at the site. Now don don't know if you notice, but again, he's by himself.


He doesn't seem to fit. He seems to be like oddly looking around but not actually doing or engaging with anyone. It's just a very, very strange thing. And I'm, again, I'm being very cryptic here 'cause I don't wanna give away too much. How the hell was this guy able to navigate his way around this entire site without being interviewed by a protective intelligence secret service team whose sole job is to find guys like this? And where the hell was the CSU team? The CSU team is the counter surveillance team. It's pretty clear looking at this now, again, ex post facto, but there are indicators here, if you know what I mean.


That this guy was surveilling the site, doing some pre-op intel. Where was this counter surveillance team? I'm gonna get to that in a minute. But the most important question for today's show is, who the hell was this guy working with or communicating with? I have a theory I'm gonna throw out there. Now, I told you when I'm speculating I'm gonna do it, but I'm gonna do it based on evidence. I'm speculating And, I'm indicating this is theory. It's an operating theory I've been working with, but it, as more information comes in, I'm pretty confident I'm gonna, it's, I'm gonna be right in the end, let me show you this first. That cracked yesterday.


New York Post Trump shooter, Thomas Crooks had encrypted messaging accounts in Belgium, Germany, and New Zealand. Ladies and gentlemen, what the hell was this guy doing with encrypted messaging accounts in multiple foreign countries? And at least according to the FBI and Secret Service, which I'm gonna tell you right now, I don't believe, I'm just telling you according to them, appears to have no significant digital footprint whatsoever. That's impossible to believe. It's impossible. It's not plausible. There is some digital footprint out there. They either don't want you to see or they don't want you to find so they can pretend they didn't see it. you get what I mean? We do know now 'cause the media's reporting. He had these encrypted messaging accounts.


Who was this guy communicating with folks? I think this thing may be pretty deep. I'm gonna throw an article out there that appears random, but it's not. It's a Jerusalem post article from July of 2024. It's about Iranian intelligence operatives and how they recruit Israelis for espionage. One of the things they do is target young kind of loner men who have no real relationship with women or anything like that. The, the celibate type, but it's not intentional, if you know what I mean. And these Iranian women will target them in kind of what we would call honeypot operations.


They've been doing it in Israel for a long time. You can read the article yourself if you'd like. Here's what I think could be going on here. And, I wanna just say in advance, I am not in any way suicidal. So everyone knows I love my life. New house is great. New gym is awesome. Everything is good. Unfortunately, I'm only half kidding. Okay? The Secret Service is known about Iranian intelligence plot to kill Mike Pompeo. John Bolton. Was it the acting defense secretary, I believe at the time, or the NSA and Donald Trump? They have known about it forever for four, four plus years, five years.


Okay, they've known about this plot. How bad is this gonna look? Everybody tracking me now, how bad is this gonna look if it turns out later? This kid was part of some honeypot operation by the Iranians. They knew about an Iranian plot for years, still refused additional security measures while knowing about the Iranian plot. And maybe this kid was a part of it. I I, I'm just gonna be candid with you. I'm about 60% on this theory. It's a theory. I'm speculating. It's a theory based on some evidence I've got and some things I'm putting together.


But if they're hiding who this kid was potentially working with, this would be a good reason why. Imagine knowing about a plot to kill Trump for four years. This kid's a part of it, even a satellite part of it, right? Becomes integrated into the plot and they refuse security the whole time. It would be an apocalyptic level security failure like you've never seen. And it would be criminal level negligence. I mean, how do you miss this folks? One of these things is not like the other. You see it? What about this question? Who was the dude with the sunglasses walking along ahead of crooks in that video?


Not trying to. Doc just looks a, I I don't don don't know. I mean, I, I'm, I don't know. I have no idea. But, I'm sure there's gonna be questions all over the place. Susan Crabtree has another amazing piece about this too. And now you'll see why in the next piece. Going back to what I told you in the beginning, why there was no counter surveillance team to interview him. you know why there was no counter surveillance team to counter him surveilling the site because there was no counter surveillance team. Wait, what on your highest profile, protectee up there with the president. There was no team. There was no team to stop him from surveilling the site because there was no team.


I'll take a quick break and I'm gonna get back to this amazing piece by Susan Crabtree, who's been all over this


burna, B-Y-R-N-A when it comes to protecting your family, it's not just about having a firearm. Lethal force isn't the answer for every situation. Imagine an imminent threat comes to you and your family instinct may drive you to reach for a firearm immediately. But what if there are a way to defend yourself and deescalate a situation without the irreversible consequences of deadly force? Burnout is non-lethal, pistol launcher equipped with tear gas and kinetic ammo can incapacitated attacker for up to 40 minutes. It's an incredible device. No need to go def com one. You just need protection to diffuse the situation. Get the threat away from you train with firearms for a long time. Let me tell you, the burner pistol they sent me is easy to learn, easy to use, easy to operate. You don't own a firearm. This is a good option to have made in America. Legal in all 50 states requires no background checks and shipped right to your door. Go today, get protected. Visit berna.com/dan now for an exclusive 10% discount for my listeners today. That's B yna. B yna berna.com/dan. You won't regret it. Check it out.


Great piece. Back to Susan Crabtree's piece. So now you saw the, the, the voiceover there. We showed you the video. He clearly is out of place in this thing. There are a number of behavioral indicators. Something seriously wrong. The cops caught it. Why didn't the Secret Service ladies and gentlemen, people have to lose their jobs. I am really sorry. I am in a merit-based business. This show is good because we put in the work And, we respect our audience. And, we never do lazy, stupid stuff. If we did lazy, stupid stuff, we wouldn't have a show and we'd be fired. How is it in the Secret Service? Whose job is to keep Donald Trump alive? That a guy was murdered and Donald Trump was shot in the head and still we know of no one who's been fired.


We know of a resignation of the director and now we know of a couple people on administrative leave. What are they waiting for? Real clear politics. Read this article. It is amazing. It's at my newsletter, bonino.com/newsletter. Secret service agents placed on leave. Finally, after assassination attempt, Crabtree notes the Pittsburgh Field office members of the Pittsburgh Field office who were placed, they were finally placed on leave. A different set of agents than the ones assigned to Trump's permanent detail. Those agents are still on the job providing Trump protection sources say they remain operational even though they too were deeply involved in devising the butler rally security plan. Folks, I am not trying to bust anybody's balls.


I'm trying to keep people alive and safe and accountability in the government. I did not leave this job to go and let the government screw things up. Okay, I'm sorry. My job here is to change government. Whoever was involved with the site security plan that day, whether on the DTD, the Donald Trump detail or the Pittsburgh Field office should not be on the job anymore. There is no reason for them to be working. They failed. They, they missed it on the CSU. They missed it on the protective intelligence. They missed it on the counter sniper. They missed it on the site perimeter. They missed everything. They missed the warning signs. They missed it in the site security room. Nothing went right. There were at least 30 or 40 significant variables here that went wrong.


Sorry, I don't wanna, I don't wanna forget to remember. They should not be on the job. My guess is they're protecting some people under Donald Trump detail while throwing these Pittsburgh guys under the bus. Whoever was involved with this needs to go. Here's another piece of reporting the acting director. Now, Roe and other senior officials back in Washington should share the blame. The sources argue. You think they're the ones who turn down the security knowing about this Iranian plot to kill Trump. The agency's top brass are almost certainly involved in declining at least some of the security assets requested for the Butler rally. Despite a heightened threat brought on by a specific Iranian assassination plot against Trump.


Why is the director and his management team that are personally responsible for cutting and not granting security assets despite the Iranian plot, against Trump still working? Why are they still there? Show some dignity and resign or the DHS secretary should have these people fired. Finally, one last portion of this. I've been reading you in on how they work without giving away operational details. 'cause you'll never understand this story. Otherwise, the protective intelligence teams at the site, if there's a threat, they will conduct the interview. They have a very specific skillset. Protective intelligence agents.


They know how to interview people to determine if they're a threat, how they do it. I'm not gonna tell you what they're looking for. I can't tell you. The counter surveillance team. CSU counter surveillance unit has one job to detect people surveilling the site like this guy surveilling the site. Now, why didn't the counter surveillance team catch 'em? Because whistleblowers have come forward to complain that secret service leaders did not allocate a counter surveillance team. If they had the CSU teams would've intercepted and questioned crooks as soon as he pulled out a rangefinder and held it up to the crowd. Ladies and gentlemen. Sounds like something we told you a month ago.


Now you remember the show where we brought up? Where was the CSU team? There was none. And then two weeks ago when I told you, a whistleblower had told me that if the CSU team was there, there was zero doubt they would've found this guy. The CSU teams are very good. I have zero doubt they would've found him either. However, there wasn't one. And that's why President Trump was shot in the head by a guy who managed to walk up on a roof, jump between rooftops, run back and down the roof after an hour of them looking for this guy. This is just unforgivable.


I got a special announcement. You guys ready? I just launched this on the team today. I told you I wanted to be a part of any investigative effort. I do not speak with fork tongue. Congressman Chip Roy reached out to me, him, Matt Gates, Andy Biggs, Eli Crane, and Corey Mills who are a couple of barn burner members of Congress who are no bullshit guys. Reached out and we are going to be doing a special panel investigative panel on Monday. I will be doing my podcast live from DC with the crew here.


We'll be doing about, I I I haven't settled in on the time yet. I'll have it tomorrow, but it looks like it's gonna be a two hour special live from Washington DC 10:00 AM to 12. So if you tune at the regular time, you'll catch it in the middle, but 10 to noon Anita, let the groin crew know. It'll be a two hour special. And then after that we'll be doing this panel with these members of Congress where we're gonna do a deep dive into this because there's, we're not getting any answers outta Capitol Hill. And I told you, I'm not gonna stop. I'm not gonna let this story go. I don't care who's posting on Twitter like nobody's talking about. Maybe you are not talking about it, don don't know. I'm talking about this every day. I consider it a personal obligation to get an answer as to who tried to kill Donald Trump and murdered Corey comparator an American hero.


That'll be this Monday. So you'll get an extra hour of the show, but it will be live same spot. Nothing different for you folks. I told you yesterday on the radio show, not sure if I mentioned it on the podcast. And forgive me if I'm speaking out of turn. I I don't think I am. Trump is very, he's a Trump's a brave guy. He is. He, he, I, I'll prove it to you in a second, but in case you have any doubts, but he's concerned about his safety. I don don't think that's like anything crazy to say. He was shot in the head just a month ago, like actually shot in the head, not figuratively, shot in the head.


He's concerned because Trump is a loyal guy to his detail, he'll say in public like, Hey man, these guys are doing a good job. And some of 'em are, I'm having trouble with this 'cause I don't wanna say, I'm just telling you he's concerned, but he's doing it anyway. He went out yesterday, did his first outdoor rally. And again, you can question this guy all you want on his policies. You don't like his mean tweets. It's a free country. I I I can't, I can't give you your opinion. I can't give you mine though. But I'm telling you for a fact. He's concerned about his safety. Play this video, I want you to see this.


Here's Donald Trump yesterday. He's at his first outdoor rally. You'll see they have ballistic glass up now, a little late for that. They should have done it sooner. It's not like they don't know about ballistic glass. Someone's having a medical emergency. What does Donald Trump do? Walks outside the ballistic glass right outside, totally uncovered, completely uncovered, walks up to the crowd to check on the person. Again, you don't, I folks, I told you, I I And, I'll keep, continue to tell you campaigns are sound bites and snapshots. And he did not do this for the campaign. He does it 'cause he does this all the time whenever there's a heat emergency at the site. But I'm just telling you, this guy is extremely concerned about his safety. He is now secured by a ballistic bubble of ballistic glass around him.


And one of the first things he does at his rally is leave this bubble, goes into this unsecured, at least open space area and wants to make sure that this person having a medical emergency right there is taken care of. You. Think about him, what you want. It's up to you. I'm just telling you man, this guy's the real deal. You got an election, come out, listen. Count three, no count There. He's back up on stage. Like a freaking boss. Like a boss. you know? And the only reason I told you that folks is not to give up inside info. I was used to read comic books when I was a kid. It was like a way to escape the whatever.


Who cares? I never read Superman. I didn't think Superman was brave. Superman was the man of steel. Nothing could happen. What's so brave about that? I thought Batman was brave. Batman, get his ass kicked. He was just a dude. you know why Trump was brave in doing that? Because he is concerned about his safety. That's why. Alright, back to the show. Quick break. And here's what I want to get to. I told you the Kamala phenomenon was bs I told you that. Listen to Brother Dan, I am not here to mislead you. I am only a soldier in this bonino army. That is it. I have no special powers other than the ability to research.


That's what I do for a living. When you go out and do your homework, you are gonna find out the Kamala phenomenon is totally fake receipts coming up in a minute. And I'm hoping I get to this media segment. 'cause you cannot have communism without a compliant


media. Quick break, COIN. Hey, the number one question I get from listeners is how do I support the parallel economy in the conservative fight? Well, you have to know where your dollars are going first. A lot of these credit card companies are funneling millions to left wing causes and candidates and they hope you don't notice. Now you have a choice. COIN, C-O-I-G-N is America's conservative credit card. Find them, find them at COIN dot com, COIG n.com. With every transaction you help COIN advance conservative causes and charities at no cost to you. COIN empowers us to take back our country with every swipe. It's a great looking credit card. You'll take pride in it. It's bright red with we the people on the front. COIN works everywhere. Visas accepted comes with a 100% US based customer service and consumer protections. It's the only card worthy of your wallet. Start earning cash back while fighting the liberal agenda today. Apply now at COIN dot com. That's COIN, COIG n.com. Be sure to select Dan Bonino in that. How'd you hear about a section? We'd appreciate it. Terms apply. Go to COIN dot com slash disclosures for full details. Thanks COIN


and our last sponsor today. I'm not doing Reeb, I'm just gonna sit there and snap the whole time. Please put the Camera So. we, here we go. Here's my read today. Like, but there's audio there. I'm sorry folks.


Blackout, Coffee. you know they're badass. you know what is the official coffee of the Dan Bonino arm? you know that right? you know, it's, it's, it's, it's obligatory. It's the only coffee we're allowed to drink. They have this now too. They have cold brew in a can and it's freaking delicious. And I. Love it. And I. Keep it in the fridge here in the studio, even though I don't live here anymore. Cold brew. There it is right there. Cold Brew latte from Skip the Brew. Blackout Coffee stuff is totally badass. I actually drank this one already. As you can see, it's open because I love it. That's why I'm so geeked up for today's show. Blackout Coffee The official coffee or Dan Bongino Show. Why? Okay, I'm not asking you to buy Blackout Coffee either because they love America, even though they do. You can love America, but you better damn well produce good coffee. And they do Blackout Coffee ships, which they have some of the best beans and they ship them within 48 hours of roasting. Get the cinnamon French toast, get the blueberry crumble. Get the dark chocolate flavor. Get 'em all and get the cold bro. Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. Go today or Use coupon code bonino for 20% off your first order. Blackout Coffee dot com slash bonino. The official coffee, the Bonino Army. Try it. You're gonna love it. Thanks Blackout. Coffee, we appreciate it. John owns the company. He gets a kick out of our spots 'cause I like the product. It's good.


Okay, back to the show. I told you the Kamala phenomenon is what everyone in the chat at the same time bullshit. It's not real, it's fake here. I'm gonna give you a generally right-leaning perspective and a left-leaning perspective. Unlike the goon commies in the media, who will only give you one. Here are two sides of the ideological divide telling you the same thing. Newsweek, oh, this is from months ago. No, it's from like yesterday. August 21st, 2022. Kamala Harris is not leading in a single battleground state in New Kabbala.


The phenomena, hope he changed. He's back. They got the posters going, the hammers and the sickles. His back folks hope and change part do the Empire strikes back. There's no bump. This is fake. This is all fake. That's Newsweek. Newsweek, the, I mean to the left, the Lenin. Here's a slightly more right wing perspective. Here's a clip from War Room. Steve Bannon show. Steve Bannon is a political prisoner right now. So they've guest hosts filling him. War Room. Here's a segment with the Rasmus and poll guides, right?


It's a really good segment. They talk about the polls that were showing you. Kamala Harris is closing in. There's a slight problem with them because the methodology changed. What do you think the change was? Would you be shocked if I told you they're just sampling more Democrats? No. No. What? That's why is that? That is so crazy here. Listen, there Was a brief shining moment where Kamala crossed over and was leading, but now what do we see? This is, go ahead. Yeah, That's what everybody's calling Kamala Mentum. And it didn't last too long in our numbers. And I think the reason this chart's important is because I'm the only one putting it out. So I think this is maximum transparency and the narrative in the media that's being shaped about Kamala Harris's polling is that it keeps getting better and better.


But if you look the blue line, she basically shot up to 45 and it sat there between 44 and 45 the whole time in my numbers. Now what's different about me and everybody else is that I didn't change anything. And I. Think what's probably happening in some of these push polls that are coming out from New York Times, Ciena and A BC News and all these other folks, A, B, C news. The people By the way who owned 5 38 and kicked us out of the aggregate and now have Harris up for nationally. What's happening is, I think that they're selectively changing their methodology. New York Times, Ciena actually came out about it this weekend and said, admitted basically that yes, we think we're over sampling Biden supporters, but we are not using the 2020 recalled vote to correct for it.


I, I don't know how many times I I can say this. And I don't say it to sound like a tool bag. I say it outta respect. 'cause there may be still some holdouts there. Ignore the poll. Do you guys have that Washington Post piece Trump's chances of winning or approaching zero please. Guys, ladies, the polls have predicted a Donald Trump loss. The last two elections, he won the first one and the second one was stolen. Not only they predict a loss, they said he had zero chance of winning. Forget the polls we have. We have been absolutely resolutely consistent on this here.


Crystal Lizza, Aaron Blake, October, 2016, Donald Trump's chances of winning are approaching zero. Ignore the polls. They are meaningless. They matter for one reason, which we've been talking about forever. Influencers and donors like them. That is it. And yes, I would rather be ahead in them than behind because it donors give Don, let me see some Paul. Oh good, I'll write you a check. Money matters in politics. I wish it didn't. That is it. Ignore them. What is our job right now going forward? What's the word? This is a test. I'm watching the chat. Does anybody know what is our job from this point forward?


Execute that is it. Execute ruthlessly, execute. Not immorally. Ruthlessly, I don't care what happens from now to election day. Your job is to go out and vote and take 10 people with you and you are going to bank your vote. Please do not waste. They're gonna shut this thing down on election day and claim some cyber attack and you're gonna get screwed. Bank your vote. Take 10 people, execute 10, 10 and 10. Look at his chat. Lighten up. Execute. Yes, the Bongino Army knows. The Bino Army knows.


Take 10 people with you folks. This DNC has been a mess. This Kamala bump thing is garbage. It is all shit. They are lying to you and they're making it up. They have a problem. They cannot escape. I've really grown to like this guy on CNN. CNN. Yeah, he's, yes. Vote Earl. Yes. Vote early, execute 10, 10 and 10. I love you guys. That's why I love the chat. I this's why I feel like I, I'm not the general here so I feel like I'm just part of it. We all think like we're all, we got a mission here. The esprit corps here is strong. This guy over at CNN is the resident Republican counter voice guy, Scott Jennings. And he goes on these panels and he's not afraid to tell these guys they're morons.


And I gotta tell you, I really appreciate it. It's good to have a Republican at CNN talking to Democrat losers because who knows, maybe we'll steal a few of 'em. I mean, Fox has liberals on there. There should be Republicans over at CNN in the past. They've always have always hired fake Republicans. This guy seems to have his head on straight though. He was Jennings talking about it to DNC. This, the reason that Kamala Harris is getting no bump from this at all is they can't message it if they message hope and change, she has to answer for what she did. Now, if she answers for what she did, now she's accountable for what she did now. And Joe Biden's 37% approval rate. Folks, there's no solution to that.


Listen to him. Describe exactly this. Check this out. Democrats have controlled the White House for 12 of the last 16 years and for all of the talk about division and the problems in the country and people are hurting, Democrats have mostly controlled this country. Trump had it for four, the Obama's and Biden had it for the rest of the time. And somehow it's still all Trump's fault and somehow she hasn't been at the center of it. So to me, that's still the glaring hole in this campaign that hasn't yet been solved at the convention. How do you explain all of the problems that will be solved by the person who is currently in there for the last three and a half years, who is supposed to already be working on solving it?


They don't have an answer for that. You understand? It's not a fixable problem. There are fixable problems. There are fixable problems there. There's ways to message things. you know Obama, when he changed his stance on gay marriage and stuff, said he evolved or whatever. Some people believe it's, some people don't. What Kamala Harris can't do right now and why this is not solvable. Oh, Dan, she could just say, well I renounce all everything Joe Biden did when I was there and we're gonna do things different. She can't. She needs supporters of Joe Biden and there are still some left and he's still the president. People are still afraid of him, folks.


The promises have been made. She can't denounce him. This is what I've been trying to get at the Black Cloud, hanging over the DNC. It's not that they won't escape it, it's that they can't, if she throws Biden under the bus completely, the entire establishment wing of the Democrat party, people who've been promised things by the Biden White House are not gonna be happy. And then people aren't gonna believe it. They're gonna say, well, why didn't you say something to Joe Biden when you were the deciding vote on the inflation production act? Why didn't you say something to Joe Biden when you were out there on the road? Remember that clip we played the other day?


It's omics and it's working well, why didn't you say something back then when you could have had some balls? It's nothing she can do, man. Don't believe the hype. Just go out and execute. Ladies and gentlemen, everything they do is fake. Nothing is real. The Kamala bump is fake. The poll numbers are fake. The fine people thing is fake. They is. They're lying about tax rates on the rich are fake. They're lying about jobs is fake. They're lying about everything is fake. Here's this, this CNBC clip is, is gold. This is, just watch this. The fake job numbers ladies and gentlemen.


Everything is fake. I want you to watch this. This is quick and sweet, but this is good. Check this out. So you know the, the range of how many jobs they would take away for a variety of reasons. Maybe the largest is the birth death model for businesses was gonna be somewhere between 350 and thousand and 1 million. It comes in at 818,000 Folks. Shockingly, it gets worse. Not only were the jobs numbers revised by nearly a million Downward. Downward. And listen, let's be factually accurate on this because you know the left likes to pick knits. Okay? There have been revisions before. It's not unprecedented.


And whether it's an explainable or not, it doesn't, we shouldn't get into like, I'm gonna say you're not gonna like me for this, but it's okay because I'm, I owe you the truth, And. I'm telling you, I know what I'm doing. Do not worry about how big of a scandal it is because then what would get, and here's why. Yeah, I shouldn't, should I do this all day on Twitter? Liberal media goofballs are now like, this isn't a scandal that's happened before. Why does that work for them? Anybody in the chat now? Because it distracts from the fact that nobody's denying the numbers real. Who gives a shit if it's a scandal? All we care about is he.


Wait, they're down a million jobs and that's what we should be focused on. You'll get into this rabbit hole all day. Is it a scandal? It probably is. I have don. Don't trust the government as far as I can throw 'em. I have zero doubt it's a scandal. The point is it doesn't matter. Nobody's disputing the fact that the bank was robbed. You could dispute the amount of money. Oh, it was 10,000, not 5,000. Who cares? He robbed a bank. Please don't get lost. Everything is a lie. Everything they do is bullshit. Here's another one. Here's the disgraceful. I've lost any kind. Well, I never really had respect to lose But.


I was told, oh this guy could be a more moderate voice in the Democrat party piece of garbage like everyone else. Just another loser. Pennsylvania, how'd you elect this idiot? Here's this Democrat governor Josh Shapiro should be absolutely ashamed of himself on CNN. Again, promoting the fine people hoax these people, but they want a race war. That's what they want. We're not gonna let it happen. The left wants a race war in this country so bad. They cannot stop promoting debunked racial hoaxes. Here's this piece of garbage. Check 'em out. That Antisemitism is what played a role in you, not ultimately being selected as the vice president. What's your response to that?


Donald Trump has absolutely no credibility to speak on that issue. He is a person who's acted bigoted. He is a person who spreads hate and he is a person who routinely divides people in this country. Listen, when folks marched in Charlottesville and quite literally said with tiki torches in their hand, Jews will not replace us. What did Donald Trump say? He said, there are good people on both sides. There were not good people on both sides. Folks, everything. Liberals out there. Listen to my show. I know you hate me. You want me dead. I have a whole portfolio of all your nasty grams every day.


I get it. I'm just asking you a simple question. Are you ever not full of shit? Is there ever a point in your life you're not full of shit ever? Everything you guys do is fake everything. Your positions on school choice, on healthcare, everything they're telling you is a lie. School choice. Robs money from public schools really spending on public education's gone up dramatically since I was born in 1974. You could look it up. Dipshits Trump tax cuts benefited the rich. They did. The rich paid a higher percentage of the tax load after the Trump tax cuts.


Again, you can look it up. You're just too freaking stupid or too evil to do it. Promoting the fine people. Hoax. You mean the same speech where he said, I completely condemned the white supremacist Shapiro, you are a disgrace to Pennsylvania. The country, your family, your neighborhood, everyone. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm horrified that a moron like you is a governor of a major important state like that. Folks, it's all fake. You wanna hear them say it? I almost screwed this up this morning right before the show starts. Me and GE are do, it's like this weird thing now. 'cause the studio, it's like most of it's empty because we're moving. So me and GE are downstairs working out this Monday show and stuff and gee's like, oh By the way we don't have the 70 days clip.


I was like, oh, we can't do the show without it. This is the best clip of the show. You think the Democrats are sincere and they mean what they say and they're genuine or authentic to, for the little guy, listen to this clip. I, I may play this twice. Here's the Democrats at the DNC. They're like, Hey man, just act normal for a little bit and in 70 days we can get crazy again. No, they didn't say that on an open mic. On open mic, in an open forum. They didn't even care that you hear it. They were all fake. All of it. Watch, we Got 70 days to act, right y'all. That's right. After seven days we can go back there and crazy, right?


Let's do an encore performance again. This, forget about it. This isn't like an open mic. Like they didn't know if you're listening on Apple or Spotify, the dude guys, am I right? He's at a podium with a crew and people. It's not like he doesn't know them. It's like, gee going Dan, it's your mic is like, yeah, no shit. It's 1140. We're doing our live stream. Like he didn't know. They're bragging about this. Everything they tell you is fake jobs, numbers, tax numbers, everything they tell you is fake. Everything. They are full of shit. At least Donald Trump is authentic. Watch again. We got 70 days to act, right y'all. That's right. After seven days we can go back there and crazy, Right?


Oh And, I promise you they will Don't. It's not me. I didn't say it. I'm crazy all the time. I don't hide it. I tell you on my show, I got a little bit of it's okay. Fine line between genius and madness is the line. I'm like this all the time. Like it's okay. I'm not fake though. I'm not fake at all. People meet me at the sandbar, people meet me at restaurants. They're like man, he's exactly like, yes he is. Everything they're telling you is bullshit.


But folks, here's the segment I've been dying to get to. You cannot have communism and the BS and the lies and propaganda that come along with it. Without a compliant media, you can't, it's not possible. The media would expose them and humiliate them because our media are cut from the exact same BS cloth, propaganda cloth. This is how this stuff continues. The lies about the fine people hoax the lies about the job numbers, the lies about taxes, the lies about healthcare, the lies about everything. Everything they do is fake. So Kamala Harris recently proposed without question, a communist economic agenda item called price controls, where the government takes control of the economy and prices.


Nobody's doubting. She proposed this, she proposed it without batting an eyelash because she's a communist herself. The left now senses a problem. What do you think that problem is? The left's problem is they're starting to realize that the American people are smarter than them and that they're just gonna go look up price controls and they're gonna be like, wait, that sounds like they did in Venezuela. It's like what they did down in Venezuela and then people were eating squirrels and stuff. don don't want that here. So Axios, a communist outlet themselves realizes we got a problem. So Emily Peck a writer over there who just absolutely humiliated herself, decided to write this article and put it in a tweet.


Don't call it price controls. 'cause if you control the language ladies and gentlemen, you control the debate and you control the minds of the whole country. So Axios thinking you're stupid is now trying to tell you price controls are in price controls. She says don't call it price controls. How price gouging bands, which are price controls really work. Community notes from the top ropes. Ladies and gentlemen, macho man, Randy Savage style from the top ropes with the big elbow. If I was younger I would drop right on this concrete floor. Boom.


Hogan with the big leg. Remember when Hogan dropped a big leg? Community notes? Thank you Elon Musk from the top rows. The same author Emily Peck called it Price Controls when the UK proposed voluntary caps on grocery store profits. Axios also called it price controls. When it proposed to limit how much Russia could profit off at a time of crisis, the ref is like community notes from the top ropes. I was a big WWE fan back in the day when they were still WWF.


You guys are too young. My crew like who's the oldest? Gee, how old are you? Gee. 33. 33. Gee, yeah, Justin's like 17. Michael's like 14. These guys are young with like you're breaking child labor. No, I'm kidding. They just look young. These guys look very young folks. You can't have communism without commies in the media. Axios, just delete the tweet and apologize. You look like absolute morons. Everybody knows what you're doing. You are fooling no one. No. I mean no one in the literal sense. Nobody. You're not fooling anyone. This isn't the first time they've tried this folks, the communes in the Commies And I Media.


Remember this one from the Washington Examiner? Remember court packing the Democrat, the Democrats are trying to do it now. Court packing is when you're trying to add justices to the Supreme Court. We have nine, it's happened. It's not constitutionally mandated. We have nine. But that's us tradition. Now the reason we don't add justices over and over is 'cause you'd have this endless war for a majority on the Supreme Court. Now normal people understand this and it's why both Democrats and Republicans mostly disagree with court packing. Almost all Republicans do. 'cause what would happen is Donald Trump would get elected and you'd say, I'm nominating nine more Supreme Court justices.


And then what would happen? The Democrats would win and they'd say, we don't want 18. I want 27. And then the next Republican get in. We don't want 27, I want 35. Nobody wants court packing. It's stupid. Nine is fine. Nine works. We're working with nine. So when the Democrats proposed court packing and it was universally unpopular just like communist price controls, what did the Democrats try to do? The media simply redefined court packing to defend Biden media and the Democrats redefined court packing. Remember that we covered this on the show when it happened in 2020. Like damn, they do this a lot.


Yeah, they do it a lot. Remember when Biden had two negative quarters of growth, two economic growth that's got a name in economics reviews forever. you know what it's called? It's called a recession. When you get negative growth over two or shrink, it's not growth at all. When you get negative growth numbers, I should say, what do you get? You get a recession. It's been the documented textbook definition of a recession forever. So when we had two quarters of negative growth, IEA recession, what did the communist media do? Fox News, Biden, white House talking points redefine recession and a quickly embraced by media outlets.


Folks, you cannot have communism without a compliant media. You cannot. And that's exactly what we have. And because we have a compliant media, they cover for a deranged lunatic administration that lies about everything because they can't have You see the truth folks, everything right now coming out of the left is bullshit to hide what isn't. The problem is a lot of what's going on in the Biden administration they wanna hide is not bs. It's real. This is not a fake article. I had a look this up yesterday twice.


I saw it in a screenshot. And I thought this is definitely fake Photoshop ai. So I went to the link and then I copied the link and then I emailed them myself, the link to make sure it wasn't some crazy spam thing. This is an actual article. You want more of this Fox News? Biden Harris Department of Energy official calls for queering our nuclear weapons as part of a radical DEI agenda official says queer theories about rejecting the tenant that nuclear deterrence creates security and disarmament creates vulnerability. Is that even don don't know.


He wants to know what it means. I have no idea. What does that mean don don't know. It means if you vote and these people win, our country's basically finished. That's what it means. I wanna end on a high note. This is A-C-N-B-C clip 'cause some people are done with the bullshit. you know Joe Kernan from CNBC, this guy's a pretty much down the line guy. He's not an ideolog in either direction. He has this Democrat congressman on and the Democrat congressman's getting ready to bullshit about price gouging and communist price controls. Have you seen this? This is gonna be, gee, you may wanna nominate this for the end of the year. One of the top tens. Tell me if you, I love this clip. It may just be me 'cause I love economics. Joe Kernan on CNBC's having absolutely none of this from the Democrat congressman when he tries to blame price gouging on all the inflation.


I'll end the show with this one today. Don't go anywhere, watch this. This is great. Check this out. First Of all, on the talking about competition and standing up against price gouging is something that reaches out, I believe to everybody. We, we saw very tough years with After the pandemic. After the pandemic with where supply chain issues. But she didn't talk about, she was very clear about that. There's a huge difference between talking about competition and making sure that yeah, but if you address, if you look competitive behavior, if you look at grocery, obviously against the Price, price margins are only one 2%. And Josh, you know, that's not what caused the inflation. So, and for you to say it with a straight face, just it doesn't help your your cause at all. You, you, you know. No, but no, But, but Joe talk, Joe talking about as a capitalist, I believe in competition and making sure that this Actual competition states have.


Why didn't the corporations raise? Why didn't the corporations gouge for 40 years if that's what caused it? How did it suddenly happen? They learned how to gouge three and a half years ago and it went to 40 year highs on inflation. And when you talk about unifying being where you are, you may be unifying intra DNC, but I can guarantee you that what we're seeing in policies coming out are not unifying policies. And you must know that in terms of the populous. But, but Joe, but Joe, you, They're not unifying to me. They're, they're very divisive. Well, I think we'd all agree that the other side has been clear about burning down I don action being and taking a much more extreme perspective.


That's all we Saying. No, we can't all agree. I Don't think We're gonna have to agree to disagree. We can all agree. No, no, we don't agree. No, we don't agree. Totally nailed to the wall. There's no price gouging going on. There's a flood of money rushing to the economy. 'cause Biden spent a lot and it's driving up prices. That's why. Folks, thanks again for tuning in. See you on the radio show here in just a little bit. Oh, there that is. They're querying the nuclear book. Good call. That's, I didn't even see that. Good call guy. Fake By. the way is that, is that fake? Is that the Okay, that is, we have to, that is fake. That is fake. Just so you know. Make sure you download the Rumble app. Please give us a follow. We've been rocking up the charts. Thanks to you. I deeply appreciate it.


bonino.com or rumble.com slash bonino is where you can check out the show. Download the Rumble app, it is free. Also give us a follow on Apple and Spotify. I'll see you on the radio in a few minutes. Right here on Rumble. Back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM for a special in DC on Monday. Don't miss it. Spread the word. See ya on the radio. Show a little bit back here tomorrow. You just heard the Dan Bongino Show.