
Welcome to VINCE. Great to have you with us. Guess what's happening? Oh yeah. Mass deportation definitely happening. Have you heard about Operation Patriot? I'll give you all the details. All the people we're kicking outta the country. Love that. Also, Senator Tommy Tuberville. Iss gonna be with us today. And the FBI is trying to stop child mutilation. Well that's good. I'm for that. It's all ahead on this edition of VINCE. Great to have you with us today. As always. Maybe watching live@rumble.com slash VINCE or listening on the podcast. Appreciate you wherever you're getting the show.


Gotta thank the sponsors that make it possible. And in this case, that includes AMERICAN FINANCING. You know, we've all been feeling it. Costs have been rising on everything thanks to the left's mismanagement of everything. Gas, groceries, home repairs. It's been bad. And if you're a homeowner, you probably thought, should I call AMERICAN FINANCING to refinance and then pay off this credit card debt? Then you second guess yourself because of that low mortgage rate that you currently have. Listen, that low rate, it's not saving you if you're drowning in credit card interest at 25% or more. That's the math that nobody wants to face. But it's costing you thousands. Here's the truth. If you're only making minimum payments, that debt will follow you for years. And that's why people are calling AMERICAN FINANCING because they're saving customers an average of 800 bucks a month by using their equity to finally break free from credit card debt. You owe it to your family to see what's possible. No upfront fees, no pressure. It costs you nothing to find out what you could save every single month. And If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. Call today. (888) 879-6460. That's 8 8 8 8 7 9 64 60 AMERICAN FINANCING dot net slash VINCE NMLS number 1 8 2 3 3 4. NMLS consumer access.org.


Yes, yes, yes. BLACKOUT COFFEE t-shirt on today. Be awake, not woke. Get some coffee with values. Perfectly framed. Thanks to the fellows who handle the camera work here for VINCE. I appreciate that. It was, I, I do have to give a belated happy birthday to my wife just by way of telling you that We got to experience carve ice cream cake again in my family. I don't do you do this at all? Yesterday was her birthday. We're big ice cream cake people. I'm sorry, I just ate like there's lots of other cakes out there. They're perfectly fine. I'll go to other people's parties. We'll, we'll get cake, ice cream cake from Carvel Crushes absolutely crushes every time.


And is it just me? I mean, I've lived all over the country. I'm pretty sure you can get them everywhere. I think Carvel sells their ice cream cakes across the whole planet. They're great. I'm not saying they're healthy. You didn't hear me say that. I'm saying they're perfectly fine for a birthday. They're fantastic because they've got that vanilla ice cream we get. We get the classic one, the vanilla up top, the chocolate on the bottom, and then the crunches right in the middle. Are you for this? Carve ice cream cakes. I know if, for people who grew up in the Northeast, they, they act like actual carve ice cream locations where you could go and get soft served and all that. But it's the cakes. I don't know what it is about these cakes. They're just so good.


And the problem I ran into yesterday for my wife, my wife Allison. The problem I ran into yesterday was I had, I had thought through all of the, the birthday gifts. I had the gifts set up. That's always the big thing. 'cause usually I take until the last minute to get them. I didn't this time. I was way ahead. I got the presents. Nailed it VINCE. Way to go buddy. And then I got home yesterday after the shows and I realized I forgot the cake. I forgot the cake. So I had to escape the house last night while my wife was taking my kid to swim practice and go buy little carve ice cream cake. I finally came through, but I was sweating bullets there. 'cause I was like, yeah, you idiot. How can you forget the cake? So We got the cake, We got the carve.


It was wonderful. Anyway, can't recommend. They're not even a sponsor of the show. They're a sponsor of my stomach this morning. They were wonderful. And so I can't recommend Carvel ice cream enough. A great American tradition. And in our house it's a big deal. So every birthday carve, love it. Okay, let me get into something else that's sweet and delicious. And that's the mass deportation of illegal aliens from the United States of America. So long overdue. Are you seeing this news about Operation Patriot going on? Operation Patriot Ice announced this week, the single largest ever ice operation in American history that picked up about 1500 illegals in Massachusetts.


Now this is a place where Democrats don't want you to pick up illegals. It's a sanctuary jurisdiction in a sanctuary state. The last thing they want you to do is pick up illegals. But remember we talked to Tom Holman last week on Friday. We had Tom Holman on this program and he promised that, yeah, here in cut six, take a look at this. This is Tom Holman promising, oh, there's some big news coming. Mass deportations are definitely happening. And in particular inside of these sanctuary jurisdictions. Take a look at Tom Homan here on Friday. So I've been pushing for more arrest than interior. I said, we gotta do more. We gotta do better because you got over 600,000 illegal aliens in this country with criminal convictions walking the streets of this country.


So arresting a thousand day is not enough. So right now, the numbers ought tell this morning we're about 1500 And it iss not gonna be hard to do. I mean, we, we, We got, we're gonna have over a thousand at large teams, a thousand teams, which is much more than we had a month ago. We, we've increased targeting and we're flooding the zone of sanctuary cities. Sanctuary cities. You know, they, they put roadblocks up, right? Rather than one agent rest in one criminal alien in the jail, they release 'em. Now I gotta send a whole team, five or six people to go arrest him on his turf. We gotta send a team for officer safety concerns. Yeah. So it's less efficient. So what do we do? We know We got a problem with sanctuary cities. We know not only is your criminal aliens live in the sanctuary cities, but local law enforcement can't work with us.


And they're releasing them. We don't have that problem in Florida. We don't have that problem in Texas. So what we're gonna do is concentrate on sanctuary cities. 'cause we know there's a problem. Yeah, we're gonna concentrate there. We know there's a problem. And he told us on Friday, expect a lot of action in the next few weeks. What he didn't tell us was that as he was speaking to us Friday morning, there was something called Operation Patriot going on in Massachusetts in Boston. Rounding up 1500 illegal aliens in that state. And among those illegal aliens, a dramatic number of violent criminals picked up here.


The ICE director, Todd Lyons, offered this assessment at a big news conference yesterday announcing the success of this mission. Take a look. Here's cut one, the ICE director, Todd Lyons, Brave men, women of ice, C-B-P-A-T-F-D-E-A diplomatic security service in the US Marshals have to go out and pick up some of the most horrible criminals that are roaming free in Massachusetts. These are just some of them. A child sex offender that was previously deported, that was released by a local agency, but was back living across the street from a playground, a sex trafficker that AR that was arrested for raping a child that was rereleased back into the community.


A habitual drunk driver who in the midst of his drunk driving, kidnapped a child theft from, oh my God. We have one person that was previously deported that was stealing from disabled senior citizens. Not only that, but they got several convicted murderers, rapists, spouse abusers, child abusers, and drug traffickers. You can see they're mugshots, which are all up here on the portal. And I really want everyone to see that because not only did they enter our country legally, but they were released back into our community by elected officials and sanctuary jurisdictions that did not want to turn these individuals over to ice. I really want everyone to see their faces and know what's going on.


Yeah, some very violent people, very murderers, rapists, child predators, all rounded up in Massachusetts now, taken off the streets of that state, despite the fact that the left wanted them to stay. The left knows who these people are. They know the kind of violence and horrors they're bringing about to these communities, and yet they're letting 'em stay. They're springing 'em outta jail. They're not cooperating with ice. And so Tom Holman, Todd Lyons, Christie Nome, Steven Miller, the whole operation, they're saying, I don't care what you wanna do, these sanctuary cities, I don't care. We're gonna go after these people, these US attorneys that the president has appointed. They're going after these people. They're issuing warrants for their arrest.


Now. No more detainers, no more polite requests. No. Now the force of law is bearing down on you. You will turn these illegals over to our custody so we can get them the hell out of this country. It is so very important. So a, a great, great announcement. Of course, you probably have detected Operation Patriot. This is happening in Massachusetts. The Patriots sure love it. And it's patriotic to stand up for your country. It's patriotic to restore our borders. It's patriotic to eject illegal foreign invaders, invaders from our country. So I'm for it. Operation Patriot baby. And ICE needs more support. ICE needs a lot more support.


ICE needs support in the form of this big beautiful bill that the president wants to get through. They need to be able to pay these ICE agents well, they need to staff up. They need to get to the level because remember Tom Holman and Steven Miller are saying, we want 3000 deportations a day. We want 3000 a day. And that's minimum. That's just for starters, this Roundup was 1500, which I'm all for. But they're saying it's the largest operation in ICE history, largest operation. And as far as large operations go, this is what I want. I want our government focused on illegal foreign nationals who are in the country, not on American citizens. Remember the FBI under the Biden people, the largest investigation in history. What was it?


They went after Trump supporters. It was January 6th every day forever. It was Groundhog's Day, except with full blown tyranny over and over and over again. The largest investigation ever, they bragged as they hurt their fellow American. Meanwhile, this is about getting rid of illegal aliens who shouldn't be here. They broke our laws by virtue of their illegal entry. And then they went even further. In many of the cases, half of the illegals, they rounded up murderers, rapists, child predators, insane that we'd be abused like this by people who purport to call themselves leaders in our country. So, craziness, what's going on?


Okay, so the, the, the illegal alien problem is obviously a big deal and these guys are tackling it. Now, one of the ways that ICE is handling this stuff is they have to wear masks. The ice agents are wearing masks now, You know, and Tom Holman relayed this on Friday when we talked to him. The threats to ice agents are up 400%. People are trying to kill and injure ice agents and their families merely for doing the job of restoring our nation's sovereignty, which is what they're called to do. Which is what they're, they're to do proudly. And so Todd Lyons, the ice director, uncorked on the media yesterday for asking about why are agents wearing masks?


Why are they hiding their identities as if the agents are doing something wrong and trying to conceal their Sen. Watch Todd Lyons as he talks about these masks. Take a look. So A lot of agencies were invited to come out two weeks ago in Los Angeles where we ran an operation where ice offices were doxed. So let's just say that again. People are out there taking photos of the names their faces and posting them online with death threats to their family and themselves. So I'm sorry if people are offended by them wearing masks, but I'm not gonna let my officers and agents go out there and put their lives on the line and their family on the line because people don't like what immigration enforcement is.


They are wearing those masks. 'cause we were in an operation with the Secret Service where we arrested someone that was going online, taking their photos, posting their families, their kids' Instagram, their kids' Facebooks, and targeting them. So let me ask is, is that the issue here that we're just upset about the masks? Or is anyone upset with the fact that ice officer's families were labeled terrorist? Yeah. Have you noticed that there's been no coverage? No generosity. No sympathy, no support for ice agents among the legacy media. There hasn't been anything about the tough conditions under which ice agents are working.


There hasn't been anything about the threats to them and their families. Nothing like that. Nothing just, just typical and yet appalling silence from the media about that issue. And at worse, you've got members of the media trying to imply that the ice agents have something to be ashamed of looking. Look at them covering their faces with shame. And meanwhile, You know how the left uses masks, not for law enforcement, but for law breaking. What did we see out of Antifa in the summer of 2020? Why do we see so many lefties cover their faces before they fire bomb businesses or courthouses or police precincts?


Well, the answer to that is because they're trying to get away with crimes. In fact, in many of the states of this country, including during 2020 itself, we had anti mask laws. Anti masking laws are designed to prevent people from concealing their identity ahead of committing crimes. And yet those anti masking laws were ignored during COVID because we don't have to follow the laws during a national emergency or something. That's what happened. And then the left exploited, the COVID masking as a pretext to conceal identities while committing billions of dollars of property destruction and murdering dozens of people, at least all across our country.


That was during 2020. That was crazy. Continues to be crazy. The media, of course, was silent on that as well, was silent on that as well. But here you have ice agents whose lives are being threatened on a routine basis. And it's the ice agent's fault. They're the bad guy. The left likes to play. Act like these guys are Nazis or something, that they're the Gestapo. This is the way the left talks about the people who put their lives on the line. Now contrast the, the way that they do their jobs. Now with what happened during Biden, in the Biden era, I can't tell you how many times I saw these statements coming out from ice, just suffering, not able to do their jobs. They released these statements like, boy, we really wish these sanctuary jurisdictions would work with us.


Well shoot yet another sanctuary jurisdiction didn't turn these people over to us and they were left just pissing in the wind. They, there was nothing they could do. Nothing they could do because Biden wouldn't let them do their jobs. They were importing these people. And we've seen the effects of this Now, just this week we had an illegal alien attack, Jewish rally goers in Boulder, Colorado. Lighting them on fire, lighting them on fire. This Egyptian illegal alien who overstayed his visa. I had one woman claim to me on, on X this week. Yesterday she saw our show yesterday. She saw a clip from it Lefty. And she goes, oh, he came in under a Taurus visa.


You liar. Then what happened baby? What happened after that? Oh, he overstayed his visa. That makes him an illegal alien. Not the first time we've had terror at the hands of an illegal alien to overstay the Taurus visa. It's nine 11 ring. Any bells that happens and we gotta put an end to it, we gotta stop it. In fact, the number of people who are in our country right now who recategorize as God aways is bananas. We have untold sums of people in the United States of America who should not be here. And the government has no idea who they are. All they know is that they have a basic metric of what they refer to as got aways. This is where I wanna share with you that Tom Holman clip.


Here he is. Cut five. Cut five. Tom Holman talking about at least 2 million got aways brought in under Biden. Why did 10, why did, why did 2 million illegal aliens paid more to get away? They could have paid half of what they paid across the board Attorney itself sent to the border patrol agent, get released that same day, get a free airline ticket to the city of their choice, get a free hotel room, get three meals a day, plus free medical care and work authorization. 2 million people paid more to get away. They didn't wanna be vetted. They didn't wanna be fingerprinted. Why? This scares the hell outta me. I've been doing this for 40 years. It should have scared the hell outta every American. What the Biden administration did, this two men known God aways scares the hell outta me.


So I'm convinced something's coming. Unless we can find them, Something is coming unless we can find them. And we've already seen some somethings and we do not like them. That terror attack this week in Boulder should be a wake up call to everybody about how dangerous this is. And Holman's point is very, very well taken. If you're the Biden administration offering taxpayer funded travel agency services to every foreign national who wants to pour into the country, which category of foreign national wouldn't take you up on that deal? 2 million people came pouring into the country and evaded the federal government despite the generous handouts that were being placed.


That's dangerous. That's very dangerous. And it's a sign of the problems that these guys have to tackle. So that continues the the and that, that's the latest update there from Tom Holman. Very useful and very worrisome that this is what's going on. Coming up here in, in just a few moments, we're gonna have Senator Tommy Tuberville on. I know he's concerned about the state of that border. We're also gonna talk to him about the big beautiful Bill the president of the United States has a new statement up this morning about the big beautiful bill. It's about Rand Paul, if we could pull this up. This is on my screen right now.


This is President Trump on truth social saying Rand Paul has very little understanding of the big beautiful bill, especially the tremendous growth that is coming. He loves voting no on everything. He thinks it's good politics, but it's not. The big beautiful Bill is a big winner. He says. All right, so that's the president of the United States and that's what he has to say. We will talk to Tommy Tuberville coming up also. Senator Rand Paul does wanna stop by the show. We've been in communication with Senator Paul's office and the hope is that he will come by. Maybe next week we could have him, but he wants to talk to this audience as well.


We're, we're down. Let's chat. I wanna talk about cutting spending. That's a big deal. That's ahead. Before we get there, I gotta thank our sponsors.


I've been using the bond charge infrared sauna blanket. My wife Allison's been using the red light face mask ever since they sent them to us and we can't recommend them enough. Now that Sauna Blanket has been pretty awesome. I've never had a sauna in the house and now I do in the form of this great blanket, which helps with muscle, muscle recovery and detoxification. It's a game changer. It's easy to use. You can just wrap yourself up. Let that infrared heat work its magic. It really helps. I mean, you relax, you rejuvenate. It's awesome. It feels great. And that red light face mask, it's been wonderful. My wife loves it. She feels like it's improving her skin's texture and reducing inflammation. And she's seen fantastic results. It's like having a mini spa treatment right at home. Now, if you're thinking of trying these out, you're in luck. You can head to bun charge.com and use the code VINCE at checkout to get 15% off. Both of these products have made such a positive impact on our life. I'm sure you're gonna love them too. Use the code VINCE at bun charge.com. That's BON charge.com to save 15%. Now these statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


Yes indeed.


Also, want to thank JACKED UP FITNESS. The team at JACKED UP FITNESS I adore was just doing the, we did back in buys yesterday on the JACKED UP FITNESS machine, the Power Rack Pro. More and more Americans are prioritizing their wellness. They're getting back in shape. Studies prove that strength training does a lot more to help burn fat than cardio alone. It's true, develop muscle. It burns a lot of fat, including while you're just sitting on your tush. And that's why I'm pleased to be working with Don and a team at JACKED UP FITNESS. They're all in one home. Gyms are already best in class and they're all new X Series elevates Home fitness to a whole new level. The Power Rack Pro X functional trainer, unless you do hundreds of exercises, basically everything you used to do at the gym, all from the comfort of your own spare room or garage. This absolutely stunning machine features a completely upgraded cable crossover system with articulating pulley arms, giving you unlimited width combination so you can hit every single muscle group. And if you're new to strength training, they offer a free get jacked up program that has full body video workouts. Simply press play and then follow along. So no more excuses. I'm getting fit. You should do it too. Let's do this together. How about that? Go to get jacked up.com, sign up for the free training program there. And when you're ready to purchase your own Power Rec Pro X, use my promo code. VINCE, you're gonna save 10%. That's a big deal. That's get jacked up.com promo code. VINCE, thank you to JACKED UP FITNESS. Love these guys. Love, love, love these guys.


VINCE, are you getting enough sleep? You look like a raccoon. No, I'm telling you that's just my goofy looking face. Ray Sutton, thank you for your concern though. It's also the lighting in here. You know, lighting is always a big deal. You gotta adjust. You know, you get the light. Let's see, we get the light real close. What does that do? Look, it washes it out. It's gone. All the concern. See, I'm healthy again. And now back to unhealthy. All right, let me see. Is my guest standing by Justin? Can you tell me? We are good, which makes this wonderful. It's nice to have with us now. Alabama Senator Tommy Tuberville, coach Tuberville, I got you. Okay, good. Well that's great news. Coach Tuberville, always good to see you, sir. Gimme the latest about what's happening in the Senate with the big beautiful Bill.


I know you're all over that. Well, it's getting ready to be a fist fight, to be honest with you. It's gonna be three weeks of people venting their frustrations on whether too much, too much reform, not enough reform. They want something else in it. It is, it will be changed drastically. I'll tell you that right now. Of course you got people like Rand Paul saying we've, that's $5 trillion dollar, You know, debt limit is too much. So everybody's got their opinion. At the end of the day it will pass. And President Trump is obviously going to probably have to come over here and sit down with, with the senators at one point that we can't convince and maybe get 'em across the goal line.


But we gotta put the plan together. We gotta look in the right direction. This tax reform situation that we're in right now, it would be the biggest tax hike in the history of our country if we don't pass this. So yes, it will pass. There are probably not enough cuts in it, but at the end of the day, we've gotta grow our country to get outta this debt. It's not going to happen just by cutting a few billion dollars here and there. Yes, that's right. And when you pass it, are you confident that if this legislation passes and this these taxes are made permanent and tax cuts that is are made permanent and additionally more tax cuts are put in place that will result in the kind of economic growth that you're looking for?


A hundred percent. There's a lot of things we have to do. We have to get manufacturing back. We have to make sure that we are on top of the semiconductor conductor manufacturing that has to improve. The number one thing that we have to have in this country is energy. If we don't have energy, nothing else works. We're way behind some of the other countries across the world with energy, especially China. They talk in a lot of different terms from us right now. We're, look, we look at all these regulatory situations that we have to fight through, through the Democrats to get anything done when it comes to any kind of power and energy. But President Trump is in office for a reason.


The country wants better jobs, they want growth. And that's what he's looking at. So we have to make sure that we understand that this bill is not gonna get us outta debt. What's gonna get us outta debt is growing our country and doing things right and giving people better jobs. Yeah. Yeah. I I think there's a lot of misunderstanding about this bill. And this is why I think I will have Senator Rand Paul on soon so I can talk to him about what he understands about this thing. He's a smart guy, but it strikes me that believing the Congressional budget office, for one is a bad idea. And two, regardless of what piece of legislation you passed right now, including If you just decided, You know, to, to banish the semicolon or something, the congressional budget office would say, oh, that's adding trillions of dollars to the debt.


That piece of legislation over the next 10 years. I, because this bill, the White House keeps pointing out this bill doesn't add a cent to the debt. In fact, all it does is extend and add to the tax cuts. And so a lot of people are getting this thing wrong. They say, Well you're right. You know, since 2019 we've, we've added a lot of debt, VINCE, we've, we've added a lot of a new agencies new things because of COVID. We, we and, and, and I'm talking about really President Trump in Doge understands that we have to start cutting a lot of these things out that we put in for a certain situation. If we don't, it's for instance, it's gonna be people like our farmers that we're gonna lose in the, in the long run.


That's the people we really need to keep an eye out for. 'cause we looked up in COVID and figured out, well, we don't make drugs. They have to come from China. We don't need the same thing to happen with what's, what's going on with our farmers. We're losing farmers every day. You brought up the CBO since I've been here for five, five years, they've never been right on anything. I mean, I don't, I don't understand why we really even use 'em. And maybe it's an, it's just an, an a, a group and an agency that gives us some kind of, of line of, hey, this is possibly what it could cost, but we should never go by the CPO report. We should look at real reality here, look at the American taxpayers and do everything we possibly can to help them in the long run.


Yes. So one, one of the other misunderstandings about the big beautiful bill, because you're passing it through reconciliation with the house, the only spending that you're allowed to tackle through that process is so-called mandatory spending, not discretionary spending. That dis those discretionary spending cuts would include like the things, like everything that Doge tackle, those are all discretionary spending cuts. And as we speak, the White House is in the process of sending over this rescissions package to you and the house to cut a, a starter packet of $9 billion in spending. Now that's not a ton of spending in terms of government money, but it's a start. Do you think this is a test, Senator Tuberville for the Congress to see whether or not the people that you work with have the stomach to actually even do small cuts?


Yeah. And as you said, this is a separate bill. This has nothing to do with reconciliation 'cause it's, it's not mandatory spending. So I, I think people are gonna look at this nine b and as you said, we spend that in a week up here. It, it just, yeah, we, we spend money like, like we're throwing it, throwing out the door. But at the end of the day, we're gonna have to do stuff that is different that we've done in the past and people are gonna have to get on board of cutting things. We're not talking, talking about cutting social security, Medicare, Medicaid, that's all mandatory. And it's not gonna be cut. It's gonna be reformed. It's what's gonna happen. But, You know, we need, the rescission package needs to be done.


We need to prove to the people, Hey, we found this waste. We're going, we're going to try to get the waste back and we're gonna cut it from the future. That's what the American taxpayers are looking at. Yes. And the president wants to cut this $9 billion. This includes U-S-A-I-D spending, NPR spending and PBS spending. These are very simple. Everybody can agree to it. All you need is a simple majority vote in the Senate to make it happen. Is it gonna happen, Senator? I mean, is it even up for debate whether or not that $9 billion is gonna be cut? Oh, it shouldn't be. But again, you never know. You never know this place. There's, there's Republicans that don't believe that we should be cutting usaid.


They think that we should be flushing money out to other countries when we better start worrying about the United States and the people that live in this country. Because right now we treat the American taxpayers, the people up here in Washington dc we treat the American taxpayers as second class citizen. Everybody else's it, it comes first. So yeah, USA, the N-P-R-P-B-S, all that nonsense that needs to be cut back because we know it serves no purpose. Yeah. But if you're a Republican senator and you're supporting a black box slush fund, like U-S-A-I-D, that conveys to me that you're corrupt. That's the message I'm receiving for if, If you're gonna keep that kind of outta control, unaccountable spending, the message I'm getting is you're corrupt.


What other message should I take from that Senator? Yeah, well, 100% either corrupt or don't really understand the whole situation that we're in. I mean, VINCE, we're, this country's in trouble. I mean, we're in bad trouble. $9 billion is a drop in the bucket. But as you said, it could be a test for people up here that look at it going, no, we're not gonna cut anything. We're not, we're, we're not gonna stand up for the American people. We're not gonna cut the nonsense out of the NPR and the PBS that really serve no purpose anymore like it used to. So yeah. Yeah, you're exactly right. It, I think it's a test for the moderates up here to either get on board, understand what's going on, or we're gonna have to deal with it.


Okay. Let me ask you about some news in your life. You just announced you're running for governor in Alabama. Tell, tell us about that decision. What, what brought you to that and do the people of Alabama like you as much as the rest of us do? Well, at the end of the day, You know, I, I wanted to give back to my country 35 years. I was in education, coached football. I was gonna run for governor at the first, And it didn't do it. I ran for Senate and We got, I was able to be a, a sitting Democrat, which we're able to get a seat back, which, which I think helped in the long run for majority. But as I've talked to President Trump in a year and a half, I'll still be here working with the, the, the Senate and, and President Trump trying to get his agenda through.


By that time, I think we'll be going in the right direction. Things will be going very well. As President Trump will tell you, he wants to send more power and money back to the states. And so when that happens in two years, I wanna be sitting in Alabama in the CEO seat to where I can help the state from a, a state level other than the federal level. So it's, it, this is, it's been a learning experience. I learned a lot. We played defense for four years under the corrupt Biden administration. What a bunch of nonsense that was. Now we're playing offense, we're gonna get a lot done. President Trump is on the right track. He's got a great coaching staff around him, all the secretaries. And again, I think I can do more good. And I looked at this more good from the state level than I can this from the federal level, being the person that pulls the strings on what President Trump sends back to the states.


So I love, I love as a coach, you always have all your, you view these things tactically, like how do we pursue each, each play and, and win this game? Where do you, where do you wanna put your focus in Alabama? What do you think is something you need to work on? Why, why does Alabama need Coach Tuberville as the CEO? Well, the, everybody has their problems. And one of the problems that education we're indoctrinating our kids. We're not teach 'em to read and write, You know, even if they can't do math or learn history and, and those things all across the country, and I saw this as a recruiting coach that's been in high schools in almost every state. We're failing our kids when it comes to education of reading and writing. And so we have to get our kids to a situation where they can learn infrastructure is gonna be huge.


As we talked about earlier, president Trump's gonna send a lot of money back to the states where you can do bridges and, and, and new manufacturing events. There's not a day or a week that goes by up here in my senate office in DC that we don't have a company coming, whether it's from a overseas in Europe or whether it's in Asia or whether it's in this country. We wanna move manufacturing to Alabama. And so at the end of the day, what's going have to happen is we're the infrastructures are gonna have to be there for us and energy deregulation of things that have been in the past that we gotta get outta the way to be able to build and grow. Not just Alabama, but for the country. Yes. So I'm looking forward to being part of that.


Yeah, I'm glad you started with literacy too. That's a huge thing. I mean, if, if we can get literacy right and health right and, and our young kids early, that sets the course for the whole country. That's such a big deal. Alright, Senator Tommy Tuberville, best of luck in your run for governor and I always appreciate you. Thank you for giving us an update on what's going on in the Senate, sir. Thank you. Thank you. See you soon. There's Coach Tommy Tuberville stopping by this show. We got it done. We got it done. Coach Tuberville always good to chat with him. You know, this, this Rescissions conversation, I gotta reflect back on it for just a moment here because there's a, I think a, a really important element to this.


And they're called Pocket Rescissions. I'm gonna talk about that in just a moment. Get into the details of how that even works because the President has these really, really important powers that he can draw upon in order to cut spending. What do we want less spending in Washington? Stop printing money, stop making our life more expensive and stop selling out our grandchildren. President Trump has a strategy for this And it is now unfolding and it's important that not only You know about this, but any senator who claims they care about cutting spending and that's why they're holding LF on the big beautiful Bill. The President has a big, beautiful plan for spending cuts.


I get into the details here in just a moment.


I wanna thank BLACKOUT COFFEE. BLACKOUT COFFEE. Not only provided this t-shirt today that I'm wearing this great BLACKOUT COFFEE t-shirt, but also provides the coffee that fuels me every single day. I am pumped to have BLACKOUT COFFEE as a sponsor of this program. John owns BLACKOUT COFFEE and he's a phenomenal American great guy. He built BLACKOUT COFFEE from the ground up. He refuses to compromise on quality or values. This is America First Coffee Roasted Fresh right here in the United States. No woke nonsense. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually get stuff done. And as You know, BLACKOUT COFFEE has been the official coffee of all of us here at Silver Lock. So You know, this is a brand that really does stand for the right values. And blackout again, let's be honest, creates a very, very good cup of coffee. I drink my coffee black. I love BLACKOUT COFFEE. I drink the espresso roast, it crushes. It's so good. Here's the deal. John is hooking you up. Head over to BLACKOUT COFFEE dot com slash VINCE, use the code VINCE, that's VINCE. And you're gonna get 20% off your first order. Whether you like whole Bean ground or even instant coffee that doesn't suck. BLACKOUT COFFEE has you covered. Support a company that actually shares your values. BLACKOUT COFFEE dot com slash VINCE. Use the code VINCE, and you're gonna get 20% off your first order. Yes indeed. BLACKOUT COFFEE. Thank you to BLACKOUT COFFEE.


Okay, here's what I wanna share with you. This is, this is from the weekend. The White House budget Director Russ Vote was on CNN with Dana, not Dana. Apparently Dana Bash and was talking about the, the options that the White House has, the White House to cut spending. I've been telling you about Rescissions, it's an important presidential power. Here's Russ vote with more details including about something called Pocket Rescissions. Take a look at this. You say that you're going to submit about $9 billion in cuts this week for Congress to approve, to make those cuts. You've already done official largely in foreign aid and public broadcasting, but you're hearing from members of Congress on both sides of the aisle that they want you to submit approval for all of the cuts that you've done through Doge.


Will you, We might, we wanna see how this first bill does. We wanna make sure it's actually passed. Okay, so that goes to the first point that I wanted to make. This is a test vote. The first $9 billion is a test. Does Congress have the stomach to do even the easiest of the right things? Can you do this? Deliver baby $9 billion is nothing, that's not even a rounding error. That's like finding change under your car mat. It's nothing. Can Congress make these cuts? It's the first test says Russ vote. It's the first of many rescissions bills. Some we may not actually have to get a Congress to pass the Rescissions bills.


Why some, we have executive tools. We have impoundment that 200 years of presidents had the ability and the, the recognition that they had the ability to spend less than the ceiling. If you have a hundred million dollars that that Congress says we want you to go and and use for particular use and you can do it less for 200 years, that was totally appropriate. And since the 1970s that has changed and has led to massive waste front abuse. Secondly, Yeah. Okay. So what he's talking about is back in the 1970s, they tried to change the law to force the President of the United States to spend every last dollar regardless of whether or not he needed to the Impoundment Control Act. And so what Russ vote is saying is that's crazy.


That is crazy because if a president can get something done more cheaply, they should be able to save the American people money. If it's build the wall and the Congress gives us say, $10 billion for that and President Trump can do it for 8 billion, there's no reason we have to burn the other $2 billion. Give the American people back their money. Don't print all that cash. This is common sense stuff. And the Russ and Russ vote is saying, this has been throughout American history hundreds of years. The president has the right to do this. And we believe he still has the right to do this. Last piece here, rescissions Pocket Rescissions, The very Impoundment Control Act itself allows for a procedure called Pocket Rescissions later in the year to be able to bank some of these savings without the bill actually being passed.


It's a provision that has been rarely used, but it is there. And we intend to use all of these tools. We want Congress to pass it where it's necessary. We also have executive tools and that is something we're gonna be working with Congress. But it's very important to pass this bill and to see whether there is a, a will on both the House and the Senate to secure the vote for it. Okay, so great stuff because there's Russ vote summarizing that. This starter package, $9 billion, just a little teeny little Training wheels test. Can Congress do it? Can Congress do it? But Pocket Rescissions is where I wanna spend some time with you now, pocket Rescissions. Now there's a fellow called Wade Miller.


He's the executive director of Citizens for Renewing America. And he has a very helpful breakdown of this. I just posted this to my ex account so you can see it there as well. But a pocket rescission, what is that? Well, it help, it's helpful for us to understand first and foremost how a rescission works. The president of the United States has the ability to stop spending for 45 days on anything that Congress has already appropriated funding for. For 45 days. The president has statutory authority to withhold the funding. So 45 days, we're not spending that money at all. And that 45 day window is the window in which Congress gets to consider these cuts. Will they enact the cuts the president requests? The beauty of Rescissions is that it only requires a simple majority vote in the Senate, not a super majority, a simple majority.


And in this Senate, what that means is you need 50 votes and then JD Vance can come in as the tiebreaker. So it's 50 votes in the Senate that you would need to cut this spending this starter pack of $9 billion. But if Congress doesn't act within 45 days, if Congress doesn't act on the package within those 45 days, the package fails and the President loses the ability to use the rescission process again for those cuts. So once President Trump requests say A-U-S-A-I-D funding as he is doing this week, or a PBS and NPR funding cut as he is doing this week, Congress has 45 days to do it. If Congress sits on its hands and doesn't do anything, the funding once again kicks off, kicks back up after 45 days and the president isn't allowed to use the rescission procedure again.


He only gets one go at this per year one. So that's where we are. Now, the pocket rescission is the, the trick of this. Where does the pocket rescission come into play? So the end of the fiscal year is September 30th. Anybody who's dealt with any fiscal year stuff, especially in the government, knows that September 30th is the end of the fiscal year. So If you date back 45 days from the end of the fiscal year, that's August 18th. August 18th. If the president submits a rescission package in on August 18th, mid-August, that means he gets to run out all of the clock. It doesn't matter if Congress passes it at that point.


So in other words, if Congress fails this week to pass a $9 billion rescission package, the president is not out of options. The president would just wait. He'll make all of his spending cuts through Rescissions in mid-August, August 18th, and then the fiscal year will just run out. Meaning that spending is done beginning mid-August and can't come back. Now the reason for that is simple Congress is supposed to pass a budget every year. Every year. You understand how this works? I mean, if you're on a household, you understand how this works. Every year they're supposed to consider what do we spend money on? Where do we cut spending? What new programs? What new priorities? Now for years, Congress has abdicated this responsibility.


They've kicked the can. They keep going, doing something called a continuing resolution where they say, well, let's just keep spending what we spend last year and then spend a little bit more on all sorts of idiotic new programs. That's what Congress does routinely. That needs to change. That is what Speaker Mike Johnson is supposed to be doing. And reportedly he is doing it right now, undertaking the appropriations process in the correct way to make sure that Congress actually passes spending the way it's supposed to. That's on Speaker Johnson to do right now. That's his big task. And so as these guys go forward, either the president gets rid of all of this Doge spending through Rescissions. Am I, am I? You guys tracking gets through Rescissions or says, You know what, I'll just do pocket rescissions.


I'll get rid of all of the Doge spending hundreds of billions of dollars mid-August, August 18th, boom, it's done for the next 45 days. And then beyond that, it'll be fiscal year 2026. And that's on Mike Johnson and the Republicans in Congress codified the Doge cuts. You've gotta do it. And so for all of these lawmakers who are concerned rightly about spending cuts, we need spending cuts. We need a country. We need to not spend ourselves into oblivion. We need to not hurt our kids and our grandchildren. Stop doing that. Don't you miss the context of what the President is doing here? The president is extending tax cuts for the American people. He's using the big beautiful bill to secure the border.


They're pushing for maximum American energy production, which is gonna be very good for the American people in our economy. And they are pushing massive, massive spending cuts in the form of rescissions. Now impoundment and the pocket rescissions, as well as working with Congress to get these spending cuts codified. This is a multi-front approach to how we reign in spending and we stop taxing the American people to death. This is a very, very important thing to get your mind around. And I'm telling you right now that there's almost nowhere else. There's, there are a few places that are talking about this, but very few places that are having this kind of conversation that you and I are about how this all works.


This matters, this really matters. And this goes back to the point I was saying last week about the, about the big beautiful Bill. There's, I see some conservatives out there, rightly concerned about Doge cuts not getting codified by Congress, but it's not gonna be in the big beautiful bill that's not a part of it because the big beautiful bill only tackles mandatory spending things like Medicare, Medicaid, social security, that's the mandatory spending component of of, of the government. That's how you can do that through reconciliation. The rest, discretionary baby, the re it's gotta be handled differently. Steven Miller at the White House has been trying to say this just and sometimes falling on deaf ears, but he shouldn't be. People should be listening to this guy. He's smart, he knows what he's doing and he cares about the country.


That's the core measure for me. Is he telling me the truth? Well, he cares about the country. So I'm gonna take him seriously 'cause he's somebody who clearly has our interests at heart. And it's not just on securing the border, which of course is his primary focus. It's on getting our fiscal house in order as well. So good guy, good guy, good stuff, and wanted to make sure to put that in front of you today. Okay? We've got a lot of other stuff going on. Hey, have you seen that there's this trend among lefties right now to claim that violence is a both sides phenomenon. So right after the Boulder attack where an illegal alien who was let into the country allowed to stay in the country by Joe Biden, it goes and, and lights a bunch of Jewish people on fire.


The left's position is not to condemn that, but instead to suggest that there's a bipartisan phenomenon of violence going on in the United States. Take a look. Cut three here, cut three. This is a podcaster journalist lady called Tara Paul Mary. She was interviewing Scott Jennings of CNN fame. And this is the conversation they had. She said, oh, it's, it's both sides that are being violent right now. And Scott said, what? Watch the, The left has a problem with violence. It is in its heart right now. I don't think It is only the left. I mean, you have literally seen people on both sides committing violence. I think that the problem is not the left.


I think it is the extreme on both sides of the party. And that is what's happening. Like those, they're the loudest voices, whether the leaders want them or not, and they're the ones who are tend to be the most violent. I don't think that's fair to say. It's only the left. I mean, well, Why, why, why? But but why is it happening? Why, why do, why do late night comedians go on TV and encourage or coddle or give lip service to this, this vandalism of what went on with Tesla dealerships and so on? Why, why are there so many prominent people people didn't get? Well, I totally get why died, Died. Murder, Why? Like, I don't Understand. Listen, I don't, I'm not for vandalism, but like it's More than that. They firebomb these things like it's, it's, but it's, it's obviously Dangerous a problem.


It's dangerous, but it's happening on both sides. It's not just one. What person on the right is committing violence today? Oh my gosh. Well, first of all, when you're in power, you don't tend to be the ones that are doing that. But I think can't think of it after they, What? By the way, in, in Pennsylvania, who's the governor of Pennsylvania right now? Josh Shapiro. What party is Josh Shapiro in? He's a Democrat. Oh, so he's in charge. He's the guy in power right now who attacked his house who firebombed the governor's mansion. That was a lefty who did that. So every part of her analysis falls apart completely under even the slightest scrutiny.


It's not conservatives who've been pooping on Teslas or scratching things into the sides of them. It's not conservatives who've been throwing Molotov cocktails at at stores and human beings. It's not conservatives who've been loading up garden sprayer backpacks with gasoline and then using them as makeshift flamethrowers against Jewish people. It is not conservatives. This is a vicious and deliberate lie designed to try and mitigate the political damage of a party that is completely out of control. And I hate saying that. I'm sorry that that's the case, but the numbers here, bear this out.


We had a, a couple weeks ago we had this conversation together. Remember what's going on with sentiment on the left? That massive, massive numbers of people on the left have developed a blood thirst for people like President Trump. And for Elon Musk there is what we call Assassination Culture going on. A poll that was released out of Rutgers University found that 55% of people who consider themselves either left of center or beyond say that it would be at least somewhat justified to murder President Trump. 55% of someone who considers themselves on the left of center or beyond 48% of respondents in the same survey said that Elon Musk and his assassination would be justified.


There is a pervasive and very destructive Assassination Culture going on on the American left right now. This idea that it represents a mere fringe and that it's equal on both sides is belied by every available piece of data, including the anecdotal stuff. And it's not just Tara Paul Mary who's saying this, Tara Paul Mary said it, but also additionally we, we saw from Jake Tapper this week that he's got the same view on this subject that, oh, it's kind of a both sides phenomenon going on right now. Take a look at Jake this week. Cut. Cut four. Here's Jake, the guy who recently discovered that Joe Biden's brain doesn't work.


Saying that, well, we've kind of got a both sides problem here in America In these violent attacks in recent months. Governor Shapiro's house the attack and murders outside the Jewish museum. It is also a problem on the right. I mean in addition to the Tree of Life synagogue killing in Pittsburgh, which is obviously homicidal, there's been reporting recently that the Pentagon Press secretary, Kingsley Wilson has a history of social media posts pushing anti-Semitic tropes, extremist theories. NPR reports. It has identified three Trump officials with close ties to anti-Semitic extremists like Nick Fuentes. I I, I think, and again, the problem right now that we're seeing in terms of violence is on the left.


And I, I wanna make it clear I'm not, what about is I'm not doing what about is, but it is really difficult to be a Jew in America and not see this as a bipartisan affliction. Yes you are. Alright, so there's a couple things going on in this clip. One of them is that he is, he's equating people with stupid views like a Nick Fuentes character with people who've committed acts of violence. For one, he's trying to sort of gloss over those distinctions. Additionally, what you have here is he, he invokes the Tree of Life synagogue attack in 2018 as a way to suggest that there's some sort of problem going on on the right.


The guy who attacked that synagogue was named Robert Bowers. That was 2018 that attack, that violent, vicious disgraceful attack. And Robert Bowers hated Donald Trump, left out of jig tapper's analysis is that the attacker there hated Trump. Why did he hate Trump? Because he hated that Trump wasn't antisemitic. So this is crazy stuff that you're hearing. This is grasping at straws. This is trying to suggest that there's some sort of equivalence between the violence that exists within the democratic parties base at massive numbers. And again, against Republicans and suggesting that there's something crazy going on with Republicans too is the same thing.


Even the Tara Paul Mary character was like January 6th. What about January 6th? The only people who died on January 6th were Trump supporters. That's the truth. And the media all these many years later still doesn't tell it. That's the truth. And how dare you try and absolve your own party of its sins by lying about the other guys, but they keep doing it. It's not shocking, but it is appalling. Thanks for being with me today on VINCE. I've got another big show for you tomorrow, Wednesday, always great to have you here. You can follow the national radio show rumble.com/ VINCE, 12 to three Eastern every single day or wherever you can get radio.


We've got the big listing on the vin show.com where you can find your local station. Great to have you with me. Thanks again. Talk to you tomorrow.