
Good morning and welcome to VINCE on a Wednesday. Great to have you with us today. As always, the best damn audience in media. Rand Paul is a United States Senator from Kentucky, and as of right now, he doesn't support the big beautiful Bill. Why is this, why doesn't he support the big beautiful Bill? What is going on here? Well, we'll talk to him. He's coming up in this program. He is gonna be joining us this hour. I have a lot of questions for the Senator and what it's gonna take to get him across the finish line so we can get the big beautiful bill across the finish line. Also, of course, we've got the riots going on in la. There's spreading now across the country, these crazy left-wing protestors, and then they become rioters at nightfall.


What is the president doing about this and what is it gonna take for him to invoke the insurrection Act? All of that, and so much more ahead on VINCE, great to have you with us as always.


Hey, you ever notice how the power always seems to go out right when you need it the most? Whether it's a heat wave or a summer storm, or just too many people running the AC all at once? Our fragile grid may not keep up, unfortunately, but that's why you should get the grid Doctor 3,300 solar generator from My Patriot Supply. Now, this thing is an absolute beast. 3,300 watts of off grid power that keeps your fridge freezer lights, even medical devices running whenever grid power fails And it runs without gas fumes or noise. Right now, My Patriot Supply has a crazy deal going when you buy the grid Doctor 3,300, they're gonna throw in two waterproof 200 watt solar panels, completely free. Now, these aren't cheap plastic panels at all. They're super durable, waterproof, and they are built to last through storms, heat, and so much more, and they fold flat for storage when not in use. So shop My Patriot Supply dot com slash VINCE and you can claim your free panels today. If there was ever a time to get serious about blackout protection, this is it baby. Go to My Patriot Supply dot com slash VINCE My Patriot Supply dot com slash VINCE and get yours today.


Yeah. Oh yeah, a HH Castle wants to know. Please ask him. Rand Paul, that is his real position on immigration. Well, sure. That really is at the center of this, isn't it? You know, on this big beautiful bill. I just wanna give you the basics here. The, the, the absolute basics here. This package doesn't cost the American people money, saves them money. The tax cuts we had back in 2017 led to more American wealth And it turns out more government revenue. I can't tell you how many times have you had this conversation in your life with anybody where you say, yeah, you remember those 2017 Trump tax cuts?


You know, what happened the next year? What happened? Government revenue went up. Really? Yes. Really? I was just talking to somebody last night. We were out at my, my daughter was at a swim practice. She does swim. And so we were at her swim practice and I'm, I'm seated alongside the pool. I've got my laptop out. I'm doing a little bit of work like a, like a nerd here, a news nerd, and a friend of mine comes up to me and we start talking about politics. 'cause he's, he's interested, he wants to know what's going on in the world. And he listens to the shows and he comes up and we start talking about the Trump tax cuts. And I, I did the same thing. I was like, you realize that when we cut the taxes in 2017, the money went up right to the government? He goes, really? I said, yes, people, you don't understand this. And I said, You know what the Laffer Curve is?


He goes, oh, yeah, yeah, I remember that. The Laffer Curve. I'm like, yeah, it's really simple, really straightforward Art. Laffer came up with it. He, he doodled it on a napkin, and it's, And it is very basic. You do 0% tax rate. Guess what? The government gets revenue wise, zero, $0. That makes sense. A 0% tax rate. The government gets no money. You do a hundred percent tax rate. You know how much the money, the government gets outta that zero because nobody makes any money for themselves. So why would they even bother? The government gets zero, which means there's a sweet spot somewhere in that arc, there's a sweet spot where you can maximize productivity and maximize tax revenue. And it turns out we aren't there yet. So we should keep cutting taxes and in turn, stimulate the economy and maximize government revenue.


It's as simple as it can possibly get. It's a basic economic principle. And so that's what this bill does, this big beautiful bill. The other piece is, it's the entire Trump agenda all wrapped into one. You wanna secure the border, you wanna deport, millions of people support the big beautiful Bill. So, yes, no, it is a good question. I'm glad somebody raised that. It is a good question for Rand Paul, where are you on this thing? Man? You ready to stop this invasion? The president was elected on this. Get on board, baby. So I'm gonna ask him about that. We've got a, we've got a lot to talk about today with the, the senator from Kentucky, the better Senator from Kentucky, at least he's not Mitch McConnell, who's terrible.


And that guy's gonna be replaced soon, God willing, with somebody who's a lot better for the people of Kentucky and the United States. But he's, he's Rand Paul. He's Rand Paul, and I get it, he's been fighting for a lot more government restraint. So have I, he's been fighting for that for many years. You know, he doesn't wanna vote for anything that raises the debt ceiling. I get the underlying principle, but what are you gonna do? What, what comes next? So we'll explore that with Senator Rand Paul, grateful for him, by the way, to his credit and to the credit of his staff, they reached out to us. They wanna be on this show to discuss this. In other words, they want to talk to you about that. So we're gonna get to that today. Okay? So let me get to the president of the United States.


This week marks the 250th anniversary of the United States Army. Happy birthday to all the soldiers out there. Happy birthday to the United States Army. It gets marked officially this Saturday, June 14th, which really is the convergence of a lot of great days. It's flag day, we honor the stars and stripes on June 14th. It's the president's birthday, president Trump. That happens to be a happy coincidence amidst all of this. And it's the birthday, of course, of the great United States Army, 250 years old as of the 14th of June. I'll take all of those things. Wonderful. The President goes to Fort Bragg yesterday afternoon, and he's got some big remarks to the army. He's, he's grateful for them.


And he also has this to say about the out of control riots going on in Los Angeles. He, he talked about it all. He did the weave yesterday. Take a listen. Within The span of a few decades, Los Angeles has gone from being one of the cleanest, safest, and most beautiful cities on earth to being a trash heap with entire neighborhoods under the control of transnational gangs and criminal networks. It's horrible what's happened so quickly as the entire world can now see uncontrolled migration leads to chaos. Yes. Dysfunction, yes. And disorder. And You know what? They have it in Europe too. It's happening in many of the countries of Europe.


They don't like it when I say it, but I'll say it loudly and clearly. They better do something before it's too late. Very simply, we will liberate Los Angeles and make it free, clean and safe again. It's happening very quickly within this van. Okay, alright. So that's, look at that. I mean, isn't that great? So the president rightly calling out uncontrolled migration and how it's sowing chaos, not just in the United States, but around the world. And he reflected s specifically on Europe, where you've seen country after country succumbed to total chaos because they opened their borders to the planet and didn't control anybody who was coming in. That just can't happen. If you want sovereignty, If you want a, If you want a a functioning country, you've gotta regulate who comes in and at what pace and what they contribute to the United States of America.


It's a very, very basic principle, which is why it's not crazy that you have people who are calling for an outright immigration moratorium. I'm not talking about illegal immigration alone. We shouldn't have any of that. We should deport anybody who's here illegally. You've gotta come in the right way. But legal migration to the United States, a lot of Americans want a full blown moratorium on immigration until we can figure out what's going on. No country, no country can sustain this much change, done this rapidly. You can't, lemme give you some basic math on this. Let's assume for a moment that there are 30 million illegal aliens in the country.


I didn't say legal, I'm just talking about the illegal component to this. One of the widely accepted numbers right now is that we had 20 million illegals pour into the country during the Biden era. So it's seems reasonable to think that there's 30 million illegals here right now. Do You know how big our country is? Do You know what the population of the United States of America is? It's just over 300 million. So let's just compare those numbers. 30 million to 300000010% of our country is here illegally right now. And they're not even our country. 10% of the population of the United States of America is here illegally. Totally unsustainable.


Totally unsustainable for a million different reasons. Culturally unsustainable, economically unsustainable in terms of the safety of our communities unsustainable. How many murderers, rapists, drug dealers do we need to pick up before people have some sense brought to them? Now, luckily, the American people are all on board with these deportations. You see the polling numbers, you see Harry Anton over at CNN talking about this. You know, the data guy who gets all excited by numbers all the time. He's, he's stunned by this. He can't even believe that. That Americans and American citizens who are immigrants to the country that is foreign born American citizens, they're all opposed to illegals.


You know? And he gets on TV and he is like, well, 20 years ago everyone didn't care about this issue, but this year they care about this issue. The numbers have changed quite a bit. And everybody's siding with Donald Trump. This says Harry Ton. It says some flabbergasted CCNN host. Like what? Really? People don't like illegal immigration. No, they don't. They hate it. And actually, let's be honest, especially if you're in the chat, maybe you, maybe you're one of these, are you an immigrant to the United States who did it the right way? Are you an immigrant to the United States who became an American citizen after going through a very long process, going through the naturalization process, taking the citizenship test, demonstrating your loyalty to this country, demonstrating that you wanna be here?


Did you go about it the right way? Because one of the things that I keep encountering, and I had a bunch of immigrants, legal immigrants call into the radio show yesterday to tell me straight up, they hate this, this illegal alien stuff. They hate it. Why? It's, You know, in a lot of ways, it's the zeal of the convert. It's the person who's been through it knows how difficult it is, and is very resentful of the person who thinks they can come in and just steal it. Who can break their law coming in. Yeah. Mustang's Rock says, yeah, my mom did it. My mom did it. Mr. Bird said, yes, and I hate illegal immigration. Another one, Ryan Buren. Yes, I'm naturalized. So, look, American citizens have their eyes open to this now, and too many of them took too long to wake up to it.


But legal immigrants know, and it's not a surprise they did it the right way. Why should we reward the people who did it the wrong way, deport the illegals? That's what Red Wine 1791 is saying today. Yeah, that's exactly right. That's exactly right. Yeah. The media, have you seen the coverage of this? The media right now, they're a little bit annoyed that the Trump administration is having this victory in the eyes of the American people. They're like, well, they're, they're deporting the, the violent ones right now. And that's fine. But what happens when they start deporting the nonviolent illegals? You know, will the American people still side with Trump on this? They're probably gonna change their minds. I don't know. I don't know. I don't think so. I don't think so. I think at this point, everybody just wants our country back.


That's all. And we've been sold out for so long, and I'm just seeing this as our moonshot. This is our big chance to do something. This is the big moment of this century for us to get all of this under control. You know, we can have an immigration system, we should have one, we should have people assimilate. You should be forced to speak English. You should join the American culture with pride. You shouldn't be waving foreign flags in the streets of our country while you burn down buildings. I'm perfectly fine with, You know, a little Italy or a little Mexico or whatever, like putting up a little flag and having some nice restaurants. And you get to have a fun cultural experience here in the United States. No problem with that whatsoever. But if you're waving an America a, a, a Mexican flag as a sign that you've invaded the United States and you think it's illegitimate, get the hell outta my country quickly or else we're gonna trebuchet your ass out.


Yeah, that's right. I like the trebuchet. I prefer the trebuchet over the catapult. There's a lot more action going on with the trebuchet. But get out, get out. And You know, the American people are with us here on this. It's a, it is a, it's a big deal. Yeah. I We got a lot of naturalized citizens. Thank you for being here. Who did it the right way? Sitting in the chat right now and, and vehemently agreeing on this issue. Yeah. I can't stand illegals who did this? I talked to a guy yesterday from Romania about this. I talked to a guy yesterday from Australia about this. All of them, they're like the illegal stuff. Absolutely crazy. Also crazy, of course, is the American left that continues to aid and abbet this. We've got, we've got a lot going on.


So Trump says, LA was a beautiful city. Now it's a trash heap thanks to the left. And he wants to make it pretty again. The city of angels. Yeah, it should be beautiful again. San Francisco should be beautiful again, and it's gonna take President Trump to get in there and fix it. The other thing is, You know, Gavin Newsom has been trying to fight President Trump's efforts to fix all of this. President Trump has sent in the National Guard, he's sending in 700 United States Marines, all coming from 29 palms in California, ready to go, ready to work in Los Angeles to clean up the streets, to bring about peace, restore order, and, and Gavin Newsom has been trying to get in the way.


We had an update yesterday, the Newsom and the State's Attorney General. This, this goofball called Rob Bonta. They sued the Trump administration to try and stop the president's military deployment yesterday. But it's not working. In fact, a judge, a rare win here for the courts. Now, we'll see if this proceeds on Thursday, 'cause that's when the next hearing is on it. But a judge just rejected California's attempt to halt President Trump's military deployment. You can see here daily caller headline on that. This is great news. A federal judge on Tuesday refused California's bid to immediately block Donald Trump from deploying the Marines and the National Guard to aid in law enforcement across the state.


Now, the ruling is not permanent, but the US district Judge Charles Breyer, set a Thursday hearing now to weigh the state's request for a temporary restraining order. California officials are urging the court to act immediately, and they're asking for an emergency block without waiting for a response from the administration. Breyer, the judge denied California's request calling for additional arguments from both sides before he even issues a ruling. Okay, so step one, I'll take it. I'll take a judge who isn't gonna be a complete psychopath out the gate. Now, could this guy be a psychopath going forward? Sure, potentially that's possible. You listen to attorneys on this subject. They say that the president has the clearest possible authorities here.


There is no question about what he's able to do. Ken Cuccinelli, former attorney general, former immigration guy inside the last Trump administration. He was just on TV this week saying, it's not even a close call. The president has the ability to send in the National Guard in the Marines. Not even a question. Not even a question. The same is true of people like Alan Dershowitz. He said, this is gonna, this thing's gonna collapse. Not even a question. The president has this authority over and over and over again, attorneys are saying, look, this is clearly black letter law. The President has the authority to go in and to stop this crisis. And in fact, here's one that people don't remember. You know, the 1992 LA riots, the Rodney King riots, that those were resolved by sending in the Marines.


George HW Bush sent the Marines into Los Angeles during the LA riots in 1992. There is a lot of precedent for this particular thing. And so as you watch any of the left-wing media lie to your friends and your family, what they're gonna do is they're gonna decontextualize all of this. And then also, If you do bring that up to the extent that they offer context, they'll say things like, oh, well those were real riots. Unlike these, unlike these, sorry, what amounts to a real riot? Because the images we're seeing involve cars being burned to a crisp in Los Angeles. Molotov cocktails being thrown at law enforcement, rocks being broken off of the ground, granite being broken off of the ground, people hammering it away or pulling it from random pallets that seem to be sitting in LA right now and then throwing it into police officers, dumping it off of overpasses, crushing cop cars.


You tell me when we reach riot mode, when we reach riot mode, it all it sounds like to me is you support the riots and you don't wanna admit that that's what they are, which of course is what's going on. So yeah, no, there's plenty of precedent here. Send in the Marines. Send in the Marines. That's what the president of the United States is doing. And a big, big victory. Big, big victory. T-One says, Vince is my favorite show, and he is having Rand Paul on how disappointing T-One. Why is that disappointing? T-One? Come on baby. Why is it disappointing to have Rand Paul on? So I'm not supposed to ask a United States senator to account for why he's voting against at the moment, the big beautiful bill I intend to ask him.


I don't know about you, but my, my view is don't stick your head in the sand. Don't stick your head in the sand and avoid these tough conversations. We've gotta talk to him. We've gotta find out where he's going. Yeah, I want Paul here. Ze says, I want Paul in. Yes, I'd like him in. Yes, we're gonna ask Ransom questions. He's coming up again. He asked to be on this show. We're taking him seriously. He's a United States senator. He is, got a lot of power in this conversation. And so I'm gonna find out what his objections are and whether, You know, whether he can sustain them and, and what we will take to get him on board with the big beautiful Bill. This is the president of the United States. This is his agenda. I've got more coming up for you, including the president's conversations with greasy Gavin Newsom, Gavin Newsom, who desperately wants to be president of the United States.


And meanwhile, none of us want that to happen at all.


Hey, real quick, I gotta thank the sponsors of this program, and that includes Brick House Nutrition, brick House Nutrition's. Awesome. You gotta, you may think that I'm talking about weight loss injections here. I'm not. These remarkable weight loss testimonials actually come from a doctor formulated weight loss supplement called Lean by Brick House Nutrition. Patty s said, I've finally found a weight loss product that works. I wanted to lose 20 pounds and lean really curbs my appetite. Lori m said, I've struggled to get weight off and lean has been a lifesaver. I've been losing a couple of pounds a week or more. And Kelly f said, amazing. I immediately noticed an energy boost and a healthy loss in weight. I would promote this product to anyone lean by. Brickhouse Nutrition was created by a doctor and a university researcher, researcher, And it targets the goals of GLP ones, but without any of the injections, the studied ingredients in lean have been shown to lower blood sugar, radically reduce appetite and burn fat by converting it into energy. Now, if you're struggling to lose weight at all and healthy diet and exercise is not enough, lean is for you. So let's get you started with 20% off, 20% off. That's pretty cool. Just use the code VINCE twenty@takelean.com. That's code VINCE twenty@takelean.com. Again, take lean.com. Results vary. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. They're not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent any disease, and they're not a substitute for care from your healthcare provider. Yes, indeed.


Alright, and whoever, I've, whoever said that they were concerned about me having Rand Paul on look, I, I get it. You can be, you're allowed to be grumpy at Rand Paul. These guys are members of Congress. You're allowed, if there's something Trump does that you don't like, you're allowed to be grumpy at him for that. This is America after all. But we're gonna have Senator Paul on, we're gonna, we're gonna chat with him, get an update on where he is on this thing. I do think that he could come around. I do think that's possible. He's, he signaled he's made some noises to that effect that he could actually support this legislation. So we'll see. Hey, Gavin Newsom as, as is just, You know, bitching and moaning like crazy that President Trump is actually helping out his community, which is not what Gavin Newsom wanted.


Gavin Newsom, let's be crystal clear. You know what the Democrats want? The Democrats want two things. One, to keep illegal alien bodies in their community so that they can both take advantage of them as servants and use their numbers to pad their electoral advantages in both the electoral college and in congressional redistricting. California has a, an absurd number of congressional seats, and yes, they have a big population, but man, it is juiced by illegal aliens. It is juiced. So why do they get a bunch of extra Democrat congressmen? Because illegal aliens invaded the country and now live in California. How is that fair to the rest of us? Well, it's not, in fact, it defrays the value of your vote.


This is voter suppression by rigging the system. See, yeah, we're not for that. Democrats clearly are because they see electoral advantage from that. That's, that's obviously what's going on here. The other piece is that they're desperate for amnesty, and if they get amnesty, they get American citizens. And then those American citizens become dedicated lifelong Democrat voters. Or at least that's the math that the left is doing here. But again, that's rigging the system. That's not actually working for voters. That's just replacing voters. Sorry, I don't like who you vote for. I don't like that you're interested in governance at all. I'm gonna bring in a class of voters who I can dedicate to my long-term power. That's what they're doing here.


That's what they're doing. So, Newsom's been bitching about Trump. Trump spoke at the White House yesterday. Here he is. Cut one saying, look, I just talked to Gavin Newsom a couple days ago, and the basic message I had was, you gotta do a better job. Look a look, Mr. President, when is the last time you spoke with Governor Newsom? A day ago? Called him up to tell him, gotta do a better job. He's doing a bad job, causing a lot of death and a lot of, a lot of potential death. If we didn't send out the National Guard and last time we gave him a little additional help, you would have, Los Angeles would be burning right now. Yeah.


All right. So the president there saying, yeah, I just talked to him. I told him he's gotta do a better job. And apparently the media's quibbling over the dates at which he talked to him. The president there said a day ago, but he sent his, the White House, sent his call record to, it was John Roberts over at Fox News. And, and John Roberts shared a picture of it on social media, And it looks like it was June 7th that the, was the last time that two of them talked, at least according to the screen grab from the president's phone. But the point being that yes, they've been talking, they've talked, and in that conversation, the president said, you gotta do a better job. You gotta complete chaos coming to your city. And sure enough, we saw that happening over the weekend, and now the, the National Guard has to go in.


Now the Marines have to go in because Gavin Newsom and the leadership of of LA Karen Bass sold out the people of their own city and sold out the federal law enforcement guys who were there trying to protect a federal building. They sold 'em out. They let those federal guys be attacked over and over and over and told the LAPD to stand back and not support these guys. It is crazy. And I can't even imagine being a law enforcement officer right now in LA given your treatment, given that you keep being told to stand back and not enforce the law. It's nuts. One, one thing. I was, a couple things that are going on that, that I've been thinking about that I wanna tell you one on the show tomorrow, we've got the, the Acting ice director Todd Lyons is gonna be on with us.


There's been a 400% increase in threats to the lives of ICE agents. And that's because of the American left. That's just because of the left. They've been rooting on the attacks on ice agents, whether or not they use that phrasing. Oh, attack them. They'll say things like, they're Nazis, they're Gestapo, and what does that message, what is that message to the weak-minded left-wing base? Attack them. Attack them. So that's been happening a lot. We're gonna get an update from Todd Lyons on that tomorrow on, on this program. I'm looking forward to that. The other thing is, in California, You know, the decisions that the California leadership makes about what to actually pursue and what not to is absolutely incoherent.


In fact, do you remember, I'm gonna put up, I'm gonna put something up on my screen here. I'm gonna show you something here. Yep. Do you remember back in 2020 when these guys were, when, when police in California were arresting paddle borderers for floating in the ocean during COID. Take a look at this, just a little trip down memory lane. You cut him off. Yep. This paddle border was arrested after refusing to get out of the water in Malibu CCB S two's. Amy Johnson asked more on the showdown near the sand. It's a standup paddle pursuit. A paddle border is chased down by law enforcement for being out on the water at Malibu Beach.


Oh, he please faked him out. Now he's going back out to sea. Oh My God. All LA County beaches are closed due to the coronavirus and social distancing after crowds gathered on LA beaches. Early in the crisis Sheriff vote, The incident caught on camera as the paddle boarder was taken into custody for disobeying a lifeguard and a surfer was cited Unreal. Unreal. I mean, just completely unreal. The guy was paddle boarding in the ocean by himself during COVID arrest him. How much fuel did they waste on all of the boats that they used to pursue the paddle boarder? It was a slow pursuit on the ocean going after this guy.


They go after the paddle boarder, they arrest him. Yeah, that's what they did in California. And they went, they went a step further. Remember, they filled all of the skate parks with sand to prevent kids from going outside and skating on their skateboards. This is crazy. Now, did they shut down city streets in LA to stop the riots? They didn't pour sand in front of the rioters who were taking over the 1 0 1 freeway. Did they do any of that? Did they arrest rioters? Who were throwing Molotov cocktails at police? Did they arrest all the riders who were throwing rocks off of bridges at the cop cars? Did they arrest everybody who was attacking law enforcement, who was smashing their way through windows, who was putting spray paint on every building they could possibly find a blank space to tag up?


No, no. Coming outta the weekend, what do we have? 56 arrests in la That's absurd. I saw 56 crimes in a four second clip out of la. How is, how is it possible that only 56 arrests occurred? So this is what you get when Democrats are in charge, absolute tyranny towards people who are literally floating on a paddle board. They're disobeying, floating on a paddle board on the ocean, and then absolute liberty for violent criminals to wreck the city of Los Angeles. That's what actually happens when Democrats are in charge. Holy cow. In fact, here's Nancy Pelosi yesterday, who really needs to go away still and, and, and is functionally still running the Democrats in the house, even though Hakeem Jeffries gets to pretend like he is.


Here's Nancy Pelosi yesterday saying, You know, those rioters in la they were just a little overly excited. Take a look here. Nancy Pelosi cut to, When there is a gathering, a large gathering of people, the anarchist see it as an opportunity and they move in. So always have to be careful whether you see a burned car or a broken window or whatever it is. It may be the exuberance of the moment, but it may be the anarchist setting in The exuberance of the moment. You know, it, it might, it might just be, You know, every, every when I get excited, I break car windows, You know, You know, I'm just like, I'm thinking about the show this morning.


I was getting excited about this show. I was excited to see all of you. And I'm driving to work and I was just like, man, I'm so excited. And I just, bam, broke a window. Oh, and then I, You know, I gotta get that fixed. I had to call my wife later. I'm like, Hey babe, I'm sorry. I got excited again. I was overly exuberant. I just broke a car window. No, no, that's, yeah, no, that's right. I threw a Molotov in order to demonstrate my excitement this morning. I was so excited on the way to work, I just chucked a Molotov out the car window right onto the beltway. I was like, Hey, fellas, sorry for all the traffic problems as a result of the Molotov. I Chuck, this is psychotic. The excuses that this lady makes the excuse e everything that comes outta her mouth is a lie.


Well, they may have been a little overly exuberant dude. They're wrecking your community. They're wrecking your community. That's your response to this. You are an awful human being. You are an awful human being. She doesn't care. You know, she'll just keep taking the money from insider training. Meanwhile, in San Francisco, there are people pooping on the sidewalk to her house, on her driveway. They're straight up. You got random people pooping on her driveway, and she's willing to endure the complete degradation of the city in which she lives because she's become filthy rich off of this job. And she's not gonna give that up. She's gonna take that all the way to the grave. She's gonna be there forever. It's so, it's so crazy. But that's, that's Nancy Pelosi. Also, Nancy Pelosi, once again lied about January 6th, yesterday.


I've got an update on that. We will get to that in just a moment. I've gotta thank the sponsors of this program right now. Senator Rand Paul. Also, just moments away here on the show, we're gonna chat with him about that big beautiful bill and a lot more.


Hey, You know, this July 4th, as we honor American Grit and Independence Tax Network, USA is helping you take back control of your financial future. Right now, they're offering 10% off on all services throughout Independence debt. So If you miss the April 15th deadline or you're buried in back taxes, don't wait. IRS penalties keep adding up. And that's on top of what you already owe. You need Tax Network USA. Now they've got an edge, a preferred direct line to the IRS. They know exactly which agents to deal with and which to avoid. Their attorneys, their strategists, their expert negotiators, know how to cut through the IRS chaos and their aggressive proven strategies help set out your debt fast and in your favor. Tax network USA has already helped Americans resolve over $1 billion in tax debt. And they can help you too. Your consultation. It's free, and there's no better time to get ahead of this and get your financial independence back. Call 1 809 5 8 1000. That's 1 809 5 8 1000. Or visit tn usa.com/ VINCE. Yes indeed, Tax Network USA. Thank you. Tax Network USA.


And You know, speaking of money and costs, we have all been feeling it. The Biden economy did this to everybody. Costs started going up on everything. Gas, groceries, home repairs. And if you're a homeowner right now, you've probably thought, should I call American Financing to refinance and pay off this credit card debt? And then you second guess yourself because of the low mortgage rate that you currently have. Listen, that low rate, it's not gonna save you If you're drowning in credit card interest at 25% or more. That's the math you've gotta do. And that's also the math that nobody wants to face. But it does cost you thousands. And here's the truth. If you're only making minimum payments, that debt is gonna follow you for years. And that's why people are calling American Financing because they're saving customers an average of $800 a month by using their equity to finally break free from credit card debt. Look, you just owe it to your family to see what's possible. No upfront fees, no pressure. It costs you totally nothing to find out what you could save every month. And If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. Call today, (888) 879-6460. That's 8 8 8 8 7 9 64 60 American Financing dot net slash VINCE nmls 1 8 2 3 3 4 NMLS consumer access.org. Thank you to American Financing for supporting this program.


Okay, so Nancy Pelosi said, she said yesterday that the rioters in LA were just a little overly exuberant. They were just a little excited. And they started Molotov cocktailing people and attacking cops. Yeah, everyone does that when they're overly excited. Just had a little bit too much sugar. Well, then she goes on to lie about the National Guard and her role in blocking them from being at the Capitol on January 6th. Take a look at Nancy Pelosi. Cut three once again, lying to you. Secondly, and You know this to be true, and I haven't seen it really reflected so much in the press in a bipartisan way on January 6th with violence against the Constitution, against the Congress, and against the United States Capitol.


We beg the President of the United States, man, she's A one hit wonder To send in the National Guard. He would not do it. Liar. Not only would he not do it, Liar, When law enforcement people were being harmed, some later died, he would not send it in. Some later died to see When his, an instigation that he in an insurrection that he incited was causing damage lies to you, to those assigned to protect the Capitol and the Constitution that day, to accept the results of the, of the intellectual college that day. He didn't do it.


Lie, lie, lie. Okay? I mean, a lot of basics in there, most of which you probably caught. But You know, the only people who died on January 6th were Trump supporters. That's just true. That's just true. Roseanne Boylan and, and Ashley Babbitt, they're the only ones who died on January 6th. They were Trump supporters. Let's see, the other thing that she said was, oh, the cops died later. What do you mean the cops died later? What does that mean? Brian, sick Nick died of a stroke later that week. He was a capitol police officer. He didn't the the lies that were told about, oh, he was hit by a fire extinguisher. Not true there. They're just lies that he died of a stroke later in the week. It turns out. Additionally, there were other officers who killed themselves.


There were suicides that occurred and the left later on, like, and the left would say, oh, that was January 6th that caused that. Really, they lie to you. They just lie to you reflexively. And so the Nancy Pelosi thing, what she's saying about the National Guard here, then she, she claims that President Trump, which blocked the National Guard from coming President Trump, explicitly offered the National Guard for the events of January 6th. He wanted the National Guard there. He said, if you'd like them, I'd like to provide them to you. It was Nancy Pelosi and the mayor of DC Muriel Bowser, who refused that offer. No, we don't want them. And in fact, yesterday, if I can pull this up on, on, on screen fellows, this is Capitol Police Chief Steven Sun.


He was the chief of Capitol Police at the time, January 6th, 2021. He, he says that Nancy Pelosi is lying to you. Lying to you. Now, I talked to Chief Sun yesterday on the radio show too, and boy, you should hear what he has to say. He's, he was telling me that Congressman Tim Ryan was demanding that they murder more Trump supporters. He was demanding, he was calling Chief Sun to say, why aren't you shooting everybody? Why aren't you shooting everybody? That's what he wanted. That's, You know, in case you're wondering who the tyrants are. And that Maxine Waters was demanding all sorts of things to the point that it became tedious. And, and Chief Sun just hung up on her.


It was like, yeah, I'm not interested in talking to you anymore. You know, Maxine Waters, who is now on board with rioting in her own community in la Here's what Chief Sun said about Nancy Pelosi yesterday. In fact, I made 11 urgent calls requesting National Guard support on January 6th, starting at 1:00 PM in the afternoon, 12:58 PM approval was withheld for 71 minutes by the House sergeant at Arms who reported directly to Speaker Pelosi. It's Pelosi who did this. She caused critical failures and she's now shifting blame to Trump for failure. She helped create the record is clear. Also, remember what she did with the National Guard? Do you remember what she did?


She put the National Guard around the Capitol building for six months after January 6th, not to protect the Capitol building. That's not what they were there for. They were there for political theater to pretend like the Congress was under siege, that Nancy Pelosi's th Thrive Life was on the line. That there were threats coming at any second. They just lied. They wasted taxpayer resources. They wasted the time of the National Guards members who were there at the Capitol building. They just wasted everything. This is how they use the National Guard not to restore order, but to induce chaos. That's how they use it. Meanwhile, what did President Trump do? President Trump has deployed the National Guard to LA to protect that city.


Well, that's what you want. That's precisely what you want. And he did it quick too, which is which is what we need. Absolutely. Now, how are those troops being taken care of in the city? The left is pretending they care about the wellbeing of the troops. Right now, they don't like the military. They're not up up big on the military. They pretend at times that they like the military. They don't. They always treat the military like garbage. And here's Pete Hegseth testifying before Congress yesterday. Cut four. There's this narrative getting around on the left that somehow that the members of the National Guard are, they're in really rough living conditions. They're being treated like garbage in la And Pete Hegg said, is saying, I was one of those guys. And I'm telling you right now, we're not treating them poorly.


We respect, we love, we honor these guys. Take a look. The commanders and troops on the field are very well prepared, sir, they wrap. They, they responded incredibly rapidly to a deteriorating situation with equipment and capabilities we have made sure from the top down as a Secretary of Defense, who's been in a unit holding riot shields outside the White House during the chaos of, of the summer of 2020, I know what it's like to be immediately deployed into a situation like that. There are moments where you make do as best you can temporarily, but we are ensuring they're housed fed water capabilities in real time from my office, because I care that much about the California Guard and the Marines and the men and women who are supporting I yesterday on the ground, should, Yeah.


And he, Seth his credit, You know, he was outside the, the White House as he just described, when it was under siege, And it was under such consequential siege that they had to pull the president of the United States, then Donald Trump into the bunker of the White House because the Secret Service was worried about threats to his life. And Pete Hegseth was out there in the midst of all of that chaos, trying to push back, trying to protect the White House. So he knows what it's like to be in the mix here. And, and these, these democrats are outta control. Okay, let me see. Lemme check with the boys first and foremost. Hey Justin, how close are we to Senator Rand Paul being ready to, to chat with us? Okay, we're, we're getting very close. Okay. They're connecting right now, so we'll, we'll be connecting with them in just a moment before we get to the Senator, then let me play another clip here for you.


Pete Hegseth embarrassed, one Democrat congresswoman who tried to invoke the George Floyd riots yesterday and suggested that Tim Walls had, You know, covered himself in glory or something during the out of control. George Floyd riots. Take a look. Cut. Five. Here's Pete Hegseth. Well, Congresswoman, thank you for the question. You are right. We are both originally from Minnesota, which is why I recall 2020 quite well when Governor Waltz abandoned a police precinct and allowed it to be burned to the ground and also allowed five days of chaos to occur inside the streets of Minneapolis. The police precinct ma'am, was abandoned and burned to the ground.


And because of that, the National Guard was eventually far too late. Mobilized. And President Trump recognizes a situation like that improperly handed by a governor like it was by Governor Waltz. If it gets out of control, is a bad situation for the citizens of any location. So in Los Angeles, amen. We believe that ice, which is a federal law enforcement agency, has the right to safely conduct operations in any state and any jurisdiction in the country, especially after 21 million illegals have crossed our border under the previous administration, ice ought be able to do its job, whether it's Minneapolis or Los Angeles.


Yes, good for Pete Hegseth. What did he say recently? What was the phrase that he used? Oh, we're done with that shit. We're done with that. We're done with that shit. Minnesota. They were letting they Yes, we're done with that shit. They were letting police precincts be burned to the ground by rioters. It, it was madness. The never ending attacks on, on federal courthouses in places like Portland. That all can't happen. So, so let me reiterate something I said at the beginning of this week, as we were watching these LA riots for the first time on Monday, we were reflecting on the video, and I'll say it again now, the left is obviously trying to throw all sorts of impediments in front of President Trump fixing this.


But at the same time, this is a test for President Trump. He's the president of the United States. He's got a lot of power, a lot of ability to respond to this well within his legal authorities to do that and to restore order to the United States. And yes, you've got, we've got sanctuary jurisdictions and Democrats who are working against him are making things a lot more chaotic and dangerous, no question. But this is a test for him and I, I'm, I'm eager to see him not only step up, which he has been this week by deploying these guys, but to succeed, I wanna see arrests, I wanna see order restored, I wanna see peace in these communities for sure. I want the overarching criminal conspiracies that are involved in making this happen.


I want them arrested and charged. I want them broken up. And it's not just isolated to la The media are reporting on this this morning because in a way they're almost bragging about it. But you're seeing now that the protests, the Huffington Post has a piece up on this. The protests are spreading all around the country. They say protests, but You know how these things go protests during the day, riots at night, protests over immigration rates pop up across the United States with more planned says the Huffington Post and the Associated Press. And then you start going down the list. What cities are they in? Let's see, Philadelphia about 150 on Tuesday afternoon. This is yesterday afternoon, March to ice headquarters and then back to a detention center.


A group then walked through a police called Major Roads using bicycles to obstruct officers, prompting police to issue several orders for people to disperse. Demonstrators ignored the orders, things escalated. They started arresting people. This is happening in Philly, San Francisco, America's poop covered city that Nancy Pelosi doesn't do anything to advance the decency of or to restore. That happened in San Francisco again yesterday. Seattle, they have this going on. The usual suspects New York City. We're seeing this going on Chicago once again. This is going on these lefty run cities. Denver is spreading there as well. Santa Ana, near Los Angeles, armored vehicles all on the streets, responding to this kind of chaos going on as we speak.


San Antonio, Texas. It's happening there as well. Austin, Texas. It's happening there. Dallas, Texas, Boston, Massachusetts, Washington dc I'm flying through all of these. But that, that's really to convey the point that this is spreading. And that brings us to this weekend. Remember I told you what's happening this weekend. We got a big military parade. We're honoring the birthday of the United States Army. 250 years. We've got Flag day going on. The president of the United States has his birthday and the left is planning organized chaos across the country right now. And what they refer to as no King's Day. And they're trying to get people out in the streets all across the country in order to sow more division and more chaos and make people feel like it's Donald Trump's fault, that any of this chaos is happening.


So they caused the chaos and then they blame the other guy for doing that. So that's where we are right now. That's where we are right now. Alright, let's, let's dive into, I've been very eager to talk to our guests and I'm glad he is here from the great state of Kentucky, the great state of Kentucky. Senator Rand Paul joins us on the program today. I'm glad to have. All right. So your opposition, to the extent that you still have it to the big beautiful Bill, what's, what's on your mind? Yeah, You know, as I look at it, there's a lot that's good in the bill and a lot that I support a lot of the bill, maybe as much as half of the bill are the tax cuts. I voted for them in 2017 and I'd like to make 'em permanent. In fact, I'd like to make 'em all permanent.


I'm for the new tax cuts that are in there. I agree with Art Laffer and other supply siders that say that when you cut tax rates, that taxes often do pay for themselves. You get economic growth and more revenue comes in. I accept all of that. I think you should have spending cuts in the bill because we can only get spending cuts by Republican votes. There are no Democrats on the planet who will vote to cut spending. So we have to do it through this form of a bill. The problem is the spending cuts are pretty wimpy so far. One of the main spending cuts is the idea that the Medicaid work requirements would come into play. But realize when Speaker Johnson put this together, speaker Johnson put together work requirements that would begin in 2029 after President Trump was gone from office.


That's the wimpiest of the wimpy reforms I've ever heard of. And really is pushed so far out that it probably would never happen. So the House Freedom Caucus pushed back and they got it moved up, but the, the work requirements still don't start till December, 2026. So they're gonna wait for a whole nother election to occur before they even do the reforms. As a consequence, they've pushed the spending cuts out farther into the 10 year window. And one of the things they do to help with the deficit is they let all the tax cuts expire, or many of them will expire between years four and five. I'm not really for that. But all that being said, I would vote for the big beautiful bill imperfect as it is.


I'd like to make it better. But the one thing I can't do is I can't become a part of raising the debt ceiling, $5 trillion. This will be historically the largest increase in the debt ceiling ever. It's not conservative and Republicans will own the debt. The whole argument that we are able to Come on to a program like yours and blame the Democrats for the spending and the deficit is gone because the spending levels are all now set by Republicans and so is the debt. And so what I've offered is an alternative, and I've, I've specifically talked to the president about this. Let's do a very short increase in the debt ceiling. Let's do three months. And you say, well three months, that's not very much. It's $500 billion that needs to be borrowed every three months now.


But I would do it in three month tranches because I'd say in three months we'll get to the end of the fiscal year. They'll be talking about another omnibus. And I'll say, what have you done? You promises to cut spending. What have you done? Let us know before we give you any more borrowing power. And to me, it's like having teenage kids that max out their credit cards. You should not give them more credit. You should give them finite amounts of small amounts of credit or none at all. Okay. But Senator, If you kick this three months ahead, If you are in a situation where you pass the debt ceiling to a different piece of legislation, isn't that gonna require 60 votes? Won't that require Democrats being involved in that process?


It can or it cannot. You can do another reconciliation bill. There's a certain limit to reconciliation bills. But they think you can get away with between two and three reconciliation bills in a fiscal year. At the end of September 30th, you'll be in a new fiscal year. You could use another reconciliation bill. But let's say you are stuck with Democrats. You know what that would mean? It goes up the way it's always gone up. Every time the debt ceiling's ever gone up in the last 20 years, it's been by all Democrats and by big government Republicans because they're the ones who vote for the spending. They get the blame for the debt ceiling. It's never been voted on just by Republicans. This historically will be a first. And it is a bad precedent to set a precedent that we're gonna raise the debt ceiling with only Republican votes.


They will own the debt. Okay? They will own the spending. And I think it's, it takes away our moral ground, high moral ground. And the history of the Democrats is they've never voted against the debt ceiling. I'm fine with letting 'em vote for the debt ceiling. Okay, but Senator, let me just talk about the core value of this legislation. You have a generational opportunity here in front of you. We've never had a tax cut package that looks like this. The White House has explained that the spending cuts to the extent that any are included in this package. And You know, of course this is not the only vehicle to cut spending. You've got rescissions available, you have the appropriations process available. They say over 10 years that this thing cuts $1.6 trillion in spending.


And we are not only getting massive tax cuts, which as you point out, it's garbage. When the CBO claims that tax cuts drive up deficits, they don't. Revenue goes up after the 2017 tax cuts. They'll do it again this time. The other piece is this is a massive piece for immigration. This bill would both build a real barrier and establish real security for us, And it would deport millions of illegals and give the government the resources to do that. This is an historic opportunity to pass the president's agenda. This is, I've never seen in Washington before. This is exactly why I've said I would vote for the bill, separate out the $5 trillion increase in the debt ceiling and I'm for the bill.


I cannot vote for $5 trillion increase in debt ceiling. If I do, there is no more conservative opposition. It destroys what's left of a conservative movement. People who believe in limited government and not adding so much debt. 5 trillion is extraordinary. And we are pushing the country towards insolvency. As interest rates rise, we're actually finding that in the bond market, the 10 year bond, there are less and less people wanting to buy our bonds. The interest rates continue to rise. We're up above 5% on the 10 year bond. We have enormous problems. Yes. And kicking the can down the road by borrowing another 5 trillion is a huge mistake. But if they take that off, I've told them I am a yes vote.


So if they need my vote, they'll either pass it without me and the country will go further into debt and I'll be the virtually loan remaining voice. A few of us who are against the debt, but the bill will pass and the debt will move on and march on. Or they need my vote to pass the bill and in which case they'll separate out the debt ceiling. But we have to, I mean, look, I'm with you. We have to cut spending dramatically. We're in $37 trillion in debt. We can't sustain that. That's got a good down. But this is not the only vehicle to do that. As, as You know, the president can send over and has already sent over a $9 billion rescissions request. Yeah. Here's, here's the problem though, is we, we owe 36 trillion and we're this year gonna borrow 2 trillion.


You say, oh, well that's Biden's fault. Well, actually it's not. It's started out as biden's spending levels in December. The Democrats voted for it and the big government Republicans when March of this year came around and they continued the spending. They continued it at the Biden spending levels with only Republican votes. I voted no. But that spending levels voted by Republicans led by Speaker Johnson is going to result in a $2.2 trillion deficit this year. We own the spending levels. Yes. The party owns the spending levels and they're gonna own the debt ceiling increase. This is a huge mistake. I think it destroys the arguments of the conservative movement And it is something we should in no way embrace, but we could still pass the bill by simply having a separate vote on the debt ceiling.


I totally agree. But your opposition right now, Senator, is jeopardizing the ability to restore American sovereignty. That's, that's Actually, that's not, I'm you, I'm with you on bringing Down spend. That's, it's actually just not true. I think you misinterpret things here because I'm not stopping anything. If I were to stop the bill, they would negotiate with me. The, the reason they're not negotiating with me and they're actually running a campaign against me is because they're mad because I make rational arguments that conservatives are listening to, but they're, I'm not stopping the bill and in no way am I gonna stop the bill. The bill's going to pass without my vote. But if they need my vote, they will negotiate. If they need my vote, they can take the debt ceiling off and they can have my vote now. So their unwillingness to negotiate means they don't want my vote.


Now, the fact that the White House is running a campaign online against me that is proof positive, they've decided they don't want my vote and they'd rather try to destroy the messenger because they know I have a reputation for being consistent on the debt. They know I've been introducing balance budgets for the last 10 years that my penny plan budgets balance within a five year period. They know that I'm the most fiscally conservative member of the Senate. So they want to destroy me as a person. But the thing is, is they don't need me. And if they need me, I'm willing to negotiate. So you're saying, so there's no way I'm stopping this bill, but You're saying your vote. Sure. So you're saying your vote is, is irrelevant, meaning that, that they have enough support already. So if this did come down to that they had 49 votes and they were waiting on one more, would you be there to Have to then they'd have to negotiate.


And, and it's the same thing with Ron Johnson. Right now Ron Johnson wants lower spending. So do I So do a couple of other members. If there were four of us that were brave enough, and I've said this for six months, if four people were brave enough, they can make reconciliation into a very conservative product. So it's not that we can't add the spending, it's just that we have to have enough numbers for them to negotiate with. But many on the right are pillaring me and saying, just do what you're told. Be part of this big beautiful bill. Instead of saying, gosh, if he had two or three more people supporting him, he could actually make it more conservative. He could cut more spending. He could make the taxes more permanent. All the things to make this bill better are the things I'm trying to do. But I don't have the negotiating leverage yet.


'cause I don't have others to join me and they don't think they need me. So they're not negotiating. But I could negotiate if instead of people trying to go after and attack me online, which is what they're doing, if they were actually trying to say, well, gosh, he's making some good points. What if we supported him and people were supporting Ron Johnson, maybe we'd actually get to enough of a number and we need two more. Then they'd have to negotiate with us. So, but what what I'm left confused by is it sounds like you support almost everything in this bill except for the debt ceiling and that the, the spending cut quibbles that you have can be addressed in other vehicles, including with simple majority votes in the Senate using a rec. I can accept it. I I, so I I can accept it and vote for the bill.


It will be imperfect if we pass it. Now, I, I predict to you that they won't, You know, they're not gonna do it now. They're not gonna do it next year. These people say this all the time. So they're lying to you. They are never going to address the spending problem. All of them, I promise you. If they wanted to do it, they'd do it now. And that we, we have about 20 Republicans in the house and probably five to 10 in the Senate who don't really want to cut any spending. They are working as we speak, to undo the spending cuts that are in the bill, which are wimpy. But yes, I will vote for it. But I will tell you that if we don't do more, we are bankrupt in this country and we are gonna go $20 trillion more in debt in the next 10 years. And so I, I will vote for it, yes, as imperfect as it is if We got rid of the debt ceiling.


But I will not be a party to bankrupting in this country in the sense of increasing the debt ceiling a historic amount, $5 trillion never been done. No conservative would ever in the history of the conservative movement has ever been for something like this. And yet they're willing to turn a blind eye and say, oh, we're gonna get some more deportation. So we don't care about the debt anymore. And so that's just wrong and I'm gonna continue to fight on this, but I'm willing to negotiate. I'm willing to negotiate and take an in perfect. Bill. Bill. Well, as far as I'm concerned, if they separate out the debt ceiling, Yeah, as far as I'm concerned, I'm for, I'm for both cutting spending and stopping all this crazy debt. But I, I desperately would like our country back. I think Sovereignty's really important and no Disagreement getting border di no dis no disagreement from me.


Yeah. Okay. So let me ask though, you, you mentioned that the White House has, has launched all these attacks on you, and it sounds like you're, this is in your view, very personal, but I wonder if it's blowing back in the opposite direction too, because you were, you were objecting to this military parade that's taking place on Saturday in Washington. This is meant to honor the 250th anniversary of the Army. And I saw Jennifer Griffin posted a statement from you yesterday where you said that you've never been a big fan of Goosestepping soldiers in big tanks and missiles rolling down the street. Now, Senator Paul, the American military definitely does not goosestep. That's, that's actually never happened by, in The event. We've never had a parade like this doesn't, And it is The 250th birthday.


We've, we've, we've never had a parade like this. It's gonna cost $40 million. We've never had a parade where we long, we roll our missiles and our tanks down the street. Because what we didn't represent was military. Might we have, the military might, but we didn't depict ourselves as other countries have done it, we always, If you think of a military parade, what's the first image that comes to your mind? Goosestepping soldiers in North Korea and, and Soviet Union, they're the ones that have these big military parades. We have never done this in our history. And I think it, the symbolism of it's not good. No. And what comes to my mind is honoring the American military. I mean, people, people like seeing the military, they like honoring the men and women they like. Yeah. And, and I think, and I think everybody agrees with that.


I think everybody agrees with honoring the military and everybody does. We, we honor them on Memorial Day. We honor them on Veteran's Day. You know, we have a great deal. You know, my wife and I work to build houses for the severely wounded. So the thing is, is to say, oh, you don't like a parade, so you don't support the military is just not right. I mean, there's a lot of people who don't think this parade's a good idea. And frankly, You know, we all have our opinions on, on things, but I don't think the presentation or the symbolism of its good. Finally, I know you gotta run. This is, to me, this is about American pride, Senator, because we have a country where the left has inculcated contempt for our country. And President Trump was elected on a, on a message that included it's okay to be very proud of this country.


In fact, it's good for stab, stabilizing our entire country. And I see that, I agree completely. This parade, this came co Very much be An expression of that. Yep. No, I agree completely. And I think Donald Trump's done a lot of good things. I've supported his entire cabinet, I've brought them forward through my committee. I've brought dozens of his members of his, of his administration through, and I've been very complimentary. I'm, I'm a big fan of the Maha Movement, big fan of Robert Kennedy. I've met with Robert Kennedy a a dozen times since he's gotten in. I think Marty McCart, FDA is amazing. I think Jay Charia at NIH is amazing. And so I've been very compliment with that. I think Donald Trump's the best one we've had on foreign policy because he believes in strength, but also willingness to negotiate.


But it doesn't mean that we have to all just be quiet and just have no disagreements and, and You know, I don't believe that we're elected just to be a rubber stamp for things. So why I like Donald Trump personally, and like a lot of what he does, I don't think of secretness is really what, what, what is the best thing for our country. I think a full throated debate. It doesn't mean I don't like Donald Trump or I don't like the military, that I don't like a $40 million parade. So we can just agree to disagree on that and I think there'll be many conservatives that have a variety of viewpoints on whether we should be having parades like this. Okay. Senator Randpa of Kentucky, thanks for joining us today. Appreciate you, sir. Thank you. Alright, thanks again to Senator Paul.


I, this has been, this has been a, an interesting show. We've had a, we had a lot, we had a lot. We got to there. It sounds like it, it, I don't know about you. You're listening to Rand Paul here. He sounds like there's a, a very personal thing going on. He feels personally attacked by the White House. But again, I just reiterate the point that I was making with the senator over and over. Yeah, I'm for cutting spending. I know the rest of us are too, but step one, we have restored the sovereignty of this country. That is absolutely critical. It sounds like Senator Paul's under the impression that his vote is unneeded at this point. So he is looking to make some sort of stand outside of the voting process because it's, it's not, it's gonna get through without him.


But we will see. Hey, more on immigration tomorrow. I got the ice director Todd Lyons join joining us here on the program. Appreciate you all being here. Always the best damn audience in media. Great to have you with us today.