
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that ISS not immune to the facts With your host Dan Bonino. So Folks, I've been getting a ton of questions from you and the Bonino Army listening audience, even outside, secondary, and tertiary members of the Bonino Army looking to enlist. I've been getting a ton of questions. Dan, how do you feel about this inauguration? Do you think it's gonna be safe? And the answer's complicated? That's not an easy yes or no question. Yes, it's gonna be safe. Well, how safe? 90% safe, 99% safe. Everything's on the margin. Or no, it's not gonna be safe. Well, how unsafe. Like how unsafe Trump shouldn't show up or how unsafe they should Do it outside of DC Or they're real questions and they deserve real answers.


Been an update yesterday. Secret service and FBI did a briefing, would have that also huge update on our new media in Basil of the Day yesterday. John Fund, who wrote a completely false story about The day. Nice, nice, nice look at the production team. Did not know that was coming. No. Got a little bit of an update on that big show today. A lot. Talk about Pete Haggs. That's up on the hill. It's going as planned. Democrats saying Stupid shit Pete making 'em look like idiots. We'll have full coverage on that today, radio show tomorrow, all that stuff. But there's a lot going on.


Pre-born rescues, unborn babies from abortion. When a woman considering an abortion sees her childs on ultrasound, the baby's chances at life could double. Just go to preborn.com/bonino.


Today's show also brought to you by not definitely not the National Review article. There we go. Patriot Mobile. We may have won the election, but the fight to restore the Great Nation is only beginning.


Now is the time to take a stand and Patriot Mobile is leading the charge. As America's only Christian conservative wireless provider, Patriot Mobile offers a way to vote with your wallet without compromising on quality or convenience. Patriot Mobile isn't just about providing exceptional cell phone service. It's a call to action to defend our rights and our freedoms. With Patriot Mobile, you will get outstanding nationwide coverage 'cause they operate on all three major networks. If you have cell phone service today, you can get cell phone service with Patriot Mobile with a coverage guarantee. But the difference is every dollar you spend with Patriot Mobile Sports Company believes in the first and second Amendment, the sanctity, second Amendments, the sanctity of life, and our veteran and first responder heroes. Switching, easy. Keep your number, keep your phone, or upgrade their one Hundred percent US based customer service support team will help you find the perfect plan. So right now, go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot. Get a free month of service with the promo code. Dan, switch to Patriot Mobile today and defend Freedom with every call and text you make. Go to patriot mobile.com/dan or call 9 7 2 Patriot.


Alright fellas, let's go. I will get to the inauguration in a second. First, a major development major groundbreaking like a level 72 earthquake. Even though they're not measured in 72 levels. National Review, John Fun added this little liner after completely fabricating a story that radio talk show host Dan Bonino is in the kitchen cabinet of advisors to Donald Trump and had a role in choosing Pete Higgs at the Mack Gates. He added this cowardly paragraph though Bongino denies any role in their selection. Any idea, Michael, why I would deny any role in their selection. Any idea at all? You had a massive role in, because I had a massive role.


So massive it resembled a freaking donut or a goose egg zero. John, I really suggest you just retract this altogether. We're not gonna stop, I'm sorry, but I'm just not gonna let you, media people continue to lie about anyone you don't like who supports Donald Trump. We're not all robots, we're not morons. Whether you think I'm an intelligent guy or an idiot, I don't really care. I give zero Fs about that. I'm just saying ladies and gentlemen, these people make stuff up. John will not retract The article. He'll just put a denial in there. That way he can look like it's my job to deny a false charge. This is what they do.


This is exactly what you get outta National Review. Just grow some balls, fellas retract it. Say you made a mistake, you were misled. You cannot provide a shred of evidence. I've offered you a hundred thousand dollars in cash to prove to me I had any role in selecting these two individuals at all. You can't, you can't. Pete's up there today. He's doing a great job. We'll have some clips for you tomorrow and later. It's gonna be a long hearing, folks. It's the typical stuff, Pete, we hear you hate. We, Pete of course is not hate women. It's a nonsensical stupid thing. They're trying to get the, when did you stop beating your wife question. 'cause this is what Democrats do. Let me get to a really important story today. Something I have been deeply involved in, folks.


And again, I I, you know, in contrast to what John Fund is telling you, I have very little, if any relationship whatsoever at all with the Trump transition team. I'm telling you, most of these radio and TV people out there, not all a lot of good guys. I don't want to, you know, begrudge anyone there, radio skills or talents. But a lot of people try to tell you they have relationships with people in power to look important. I pride myself on the opposite, on not having relationships with people in power, okay? Or relationships that would blind me from being able to criticize the obvious. I don't have this kind of relationship with these people.


I would like to talk to them about the inauguration. They've not reached out, if that's okay. They may have other people. I mean, it, it's, it's it, I'm not the only person calling attention to this, but I just wanna show you how these people are so full of shit on the, on the, even on the, on the anti-Trump, right And the left. They make this stuff up. So here's the bad news first about the inauguration. You're asking me do I think the inauguration is safe after yesterday's briefing? My answer is probably not. And it pains me to say that now. It's one of those things I'm speculating. The inauguration, ladies and gentlemen hasn't happened yet.


I'm just afraid that the people in charge at the top of the Secret service and certainly at the FBI do not know what they're doing. And in case you're asking by the way about bonafides in this situation, you know what I'd ask you guys to take that picture off the wall, but I don't know how heavy it is. There is a picture on the wall right over there in the studio behind me of the Daily News. It is me at Barack Obama's inauguration where I Is that too heavy? Look at Michael. Michael's like a big hockey dude. He's like seven feet tall. I wasn't sure if it here. Thank you Michael. Here. Okay, so here it is. You can see me in the corner right there in the, is that me right there?


No, the other side. Sorry. Everything's backwards. Okay, that's me on my, with my right hand. So Thank you Michael. I appreciate it. So there's the bonafides. That was the cover of the New York Daily News. My shoulders hurt. Now that thing weighs five pounds. It looked like it weighed 50. Of course Michael manhandle it. I'm like, ah, proving my point that these are all show muscles that don't even work anymore. It's all for show. If you wanna kick my ass, you probably could. But I was responsible for the section of the presidential inaugural route for Barack Obama's first inauguration. And I was specifically responsible for the most important section. Again, you're real free to foer the Secret Service and ask about this stuff. The, the section.


'cause you can see in the picture where it's very straight, very straight. It's like this, the thing is like this that they're like, is this straight asleep? We'll put it up later. Very ky, totally straight right there. I was responsible for this section where Barack Obama was to get out of the car. So let me just say this. I think if President Trump at this point, given the people in charge of the Secret Service at the top and their known incompetence, I think if President Trump were to stay in the car and forego the walk, I would be comfortable. I have not been briefed in on the security plan. I wish I was, I would like to review it myself because I've done it before and I wanna see what they're looking at.


I know exactly what it's supposed to look like. Now here's the bad news first. Okay, I said I get to it. The FBI who I don't trust as far as I could throw the FBI, this is very short. This is a manager at the FBI obviously responsible for a portion of the inaugural security. Here he is saying that they're not tracking any threats. Do you really believe that there are no threats to the inauguration? Are you insane? Whatever the FBI says these days, I tend to believe the opposite. Check this out. We are not currently tracking any specific or credible threats to the inaugural ceremony or to the Capitol complex. We will continue to work closely with our partners to share information and identify and disrupt any threats that may emerge.


Okay, that's the bad news. Why is that the bad news? Because again, I don't trust the FBI and I tend to believe given their credibility on prior issues, which is zero, I tend to believe the opposite of what they're saying. I would almost rather the FBI come out and say we're tracking very serious threats. 'cause then I would believe they were doing something about it. The problem is there probably are very serious threats. Again, I have not been briefed in on the matter. Of course he could be telling the truth and I hope he is. I just don't trust them. Why do I not trust the FBI? Because there's no reason to trust the FBI when it comes to anything involving Donald Trump because they've been on the opposite side of the truth of nearly every major scandal involving the FBI. It's gonna take a long time to rebuild trust.


Once Cash Patel hopefully gets confirmed. Here's the good news. I'm gonna tell you this part in advance and I'm, I'm gonna be, I'm not biased here because I know this individual well I promise you I knew Ron Rowe well, the director too. And Ron screwed up bad, the acting director now and he needs to go. It's not personal. Ron was very nice to me when I was on the detail. Ron is not qualified to be the secret service director. I'm sorry, based on what happened in Butler and what happened in Palm Beach. He's just not, there's only so many failures where you end, by the way, January 6th too, where he was also in the management chain, he's not qualified. The guy in charge of what we called WFO, the Washington Field Office, who is basically running on the ground, inaugural security from a management perspective as this guy, his name is Matt McCool.


His name is public. I'm not giving anything up. They, you know, he briefed yesterday. So it's not like I'm giving up his name. He gave a public briefing yesterday. I know Matt very well. I've got a very, very long work history with him. Long, a lot longer than I had with Ron Rowe. Matt is a very competent guy. Matt is a very smart guy. Matt knows protection. Matt very importantly, knows tactical work as well. Has a lot of experience on the tactical side. He's overseeing this, here he is during the briefing yesterday saying that they're looking at out of the box thinking on this one. Ah, I hope he's correct, but check this out. So I would say what's different is we are in a high, high, higher threat environment. What Is the difference in comparison to the last inauguration or previous inauguration?


Last inauguration, yeah. I would say we got, we have a slightly more robust security plan is we've been, we've been planning for this event for 12 months, along with our partners. It's an ever changing threat environment. And so we stay flexible. If we see that, hey, we need to, we need to shore this, this particular checkpoint up. We do that. So what's different? We've learned, we, this is our fifth NSSE this year in the Washington Field office. We've done 83 nses. Each one we take a look at and if there's areas where we need to improve, we Do it. But what I can tell you is that we are one Hundred percent confident in the plan that we have put put in place for this inauguration that the public and our protectees will be safe.


Well ladies and gentlemen, that puts me at ease a little bit. 'cause again, I know Matt to be a very competent guy. Just to clear up some of the jargon. Not a knock on him, but you know, professionals talk in jargon a lot. He's refers to nses how they've done a lot of those nses are national special security events. Why is that significant? If something is designated A-N-S-S-E, a National Special Security event, the secret service is in charge of the security plan. I have said in my reform proposals for the United States Secret Service, as much as I adore my prior colleagues in the Secret Service, the ones that didn't screw up in Butler and the ones that didn't screw up the management chain in Palm Beach and everything else, and on January 6th, the Secret Service should no longer be in charge of nses.


They shouldn't. They should be a part of it, but they should not be in charge. You have other federal entities that should be more of a complete task force model. The Secret Service does not have the bureaucratic poll to do the things they need to do to make people do the things they need to do. I'm not sure that makes sense. But there are other entities that can take this away from the Secret Service. They should not be in charge of nses. They should be in charge of presidential and vice presidential security in their families. That's it. All the other stuff needs to go away. If President Trump and the team decide they ever wanna talk about this, it's something I plan on bringing up. I've been talking to members of Congress about it extensively. You wanna keep the president and his family alive.


There's only one way to Do it. It's to dump everything else the Secret Service does and focus on keeping him alive. It's not complicated. Here's Matt McCool again, addressing something that I am deeply concerned about. It is the air picture. Folks, I can't tell you this enough. Explaining the damage drones can do and why they are a critical threat is very easy. Human beings can't fly. I can't say this enough. If you see a drone overhead and there is not a vigorous plan to take it down, countermeasures, electronic interference, whatever you plan on doing, netting a hard, basically making it a harder target.


I don't know what their plan is. I'm just telling you, I'm hearing from sources. It's not nearly as strong as they're claiming. Let's hope I'm wrong and that the sources that there's updated information. Here's McKool again from the Washington Field office talking about a drone plan saying, Hey, don't be alarmed. We're gonna have drones in the sky too. Okay? I hope he's right and I hope they've got a good plan. Watch this. Secret Service, Comprehensive security plan will continue to use drones as part of our protective posture. Do not be alarmed if you see these assets during the inauguration or in training in the days ahead. By the way, dude looks like I should go on dude, but he's, he's a, he's a friend.


He was a friend of mine. I don't talk to, I say was not that. He's not now. We don't really talk much anymore. He looks like he's cut outta central cast with a name like McCool. Perfect, right? For this guy. He's as competent as he looks. So let's hope that drone plan, if they can knock out the drone plan. I am convinced on the big six they're all set. Tactical, medical chem, bio, airborne, IED fire, kind of geological disturbance stuff. I think on the other big six threats, they're good to go. It's this freaking air picture that really scares the shit outta me. 'cause we need, that's why I have my don't get dead shirt on today, okay? I don't mean to sound silly, but don't get dead. President Trump's not good to us if he gets hurt.


Okay? Now why am I work? Don't get dead. My, this is all our all time bestseller. By the way, you donated a lot of money to charity through the shirt. So good for you. We made a lot of people happy. Why am I so worried about this situation? Gee, I don't know. The Daily Signal DEEP STATE GEARING UP Nearly Half of Federal Employees in the Swamp Plan to Resist Trump Poll Finds half the federal employees. Now, do you understand why I am so worried when the FBI comes out and goes ho, we're not investigating any threats. And then you've got at least upper management at the Secret Service telling you screaming at people up on Capitol Hill like Roe and his deputies. Folks, if nearly half of federal employees are planning on resisting Donald Trump, then they're not planning on protecting Donald Trump.


They're wasting time resisting. We've got a problem fixed by what thing? Three words chat. Let me hear it right now. What are the three words that are gonna fix this thing? This will be a little Tesla. Let's see who gets it first. Mr. Mr. Ul, come on. Someone come through in the clutch here. What is it? Rove, Rove, Musk Go. No, not fire them all. Who just said that? No, not resistance is fuel. Tile ery in Star Trek. You're fired is too. Where is it? Where is it? There it is. Young toe. Total personnel warfare followed immediately. We'll give retro whiskey a shout out to 'cause it was just microsecond behind total personnel warfare.


Young toe y. Yes, young toe total personnel warfare. Ask your dumbass liberal media friends like, oh my gosh, is Donald Trump gonna fire everyone put, point them to this daily signal article? No. He is gonna fire the people committed to resisting Donald Trump. Who's the people's choice for president? Because they're admitting their job is not serving the people. It's resisting Donald Trump. You can see the poll. There it is right there. Save The article. It's in the newsletter today. bonino.com/newsletter. Send it to your jerk wad media liberal friends who go, oh my gosh, why would Donald Trump wanna be firing people?


Because they're not doing their jobs. They're doing the opposite of their jobs. Donald Trump is going to be the chief executive in just under a week. You don't like it. Quit. Nobody gives a shit. Don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out. Nobody cares. No one. The problem with this whole thing, folks, and why I am worried is again, we've got people in power who hate Donald Trump. I have been told by multiple sources that the picture on the security picture on drones for the inauguration and moving forward is not good. That they have been warned about this repeatedly. Susan Crabtree, who's done some excellent reporting has a tweet up talking again about Matt McCool saying that drones are gonna be part of the protective plan before and during the inauguration.


I really hope that they've got this thing locked down. Folks. Having drones up there is great. What are you gonna do to counter drones? Especially given that air picture around there. Now I want you to notice here too, Susan's reporting that they're gonna have a TFR up, a temporary flight restriction. The FAA is gonna put a TFR up for aircraft and Jones around the cap and drones around the capital region. Now what's the problem with tfr? Temporary flight restrictions, meaning you guys can't fly here. Ladies and gentlemen, the problem with TFR is they're like four-way stop signs. They're basically suggestions. If everybody doesn't agree to stop, you're gonna get an accident. Okay? That's the problem with tfr.


There are other things we can do to make sure planes don't and drones don't violate the TFR. I don't care to say them on this show 'cause I don't want anyone to mitigate the problem. I hope you understand. However, I'm not sure we have the manpower for all of that. Tfr are like stop signs. Four way stop signs. They are, they're just suggestions. I'm saying this because I, I cannot verify this tweet. Let me say in advance, I don't know anything about it. However, I know Marjorie Taylor Greene, I have no reason for her to believe she's lying about this at all. Marjorie Taylor Greene put out on her Twitter account yesterday just flew into DCA.


Obviously the airport right in the capital region there. Before landing our pilot announced he had to fly in from another direction due to unauthorized drone activity over the White House. They just got done telling us they're all over the drone stuff. Is this accurate? Was it the pilot who got it wrong? I'm not drawing any hard conclusions. The pilot could have said something outta turn. Maybe he heard something wrong. I don't think Marjorie Taylor Green's lying. I thought they fixed the drone problem. Now do you see why I'm worried your boy don't let you down? I don't wanna see anything happen to anyone. Anyone remember Democrat politicians are gonna be in DC for inauguration too.


It's not a partisan thing. By the way, remember how I told you yesterday that there is a real market for liars? Liars and scum in the media and for articles like the John Fund article that just made up and a lot, some people I think it may have doubted me. No, there's no market for that. Oh no. I promise you there is. I'll show you what I mean coming up in a second.


Increased tariffs on our trade partners. Tax cuts and regulation changes. Learn why gold is a viable diversification tactic now more than ever. Birch Gold, B-A-R-C-H. The gold company I trust is releasing its ultimate guide for gold in the Trump era with a forward by Donald Trump Jr. To get your free copy along with Birch Gold's free information kit on gold text my name Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. Here are the facts. The national debt continues to increase our interest payments on the national debt. Continued increase too. Gold is still one of the best hedges against a weakened dollar and Birch Gold is still the company I trust to help you convert an existing IRA of 401k into a tax sheltered IRA in gold. So text Dan to 9 8 9 8 90 for your free copy of the Ultimate Guide for Gold and the Trump era. There's no obligation, only information with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau. Thousands of happy customers, you too can trust Birch Gold. Text Dan to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rates applied. Thank you Birch Gold.


Just quickly, a couple of media points and media announcements here. Rachel Maddow is back up to five nights a week on M-S-N-B-C. Ladies and gentlemen, according to varieties, Brian Steinberg, I told you there's a market for bullshit and I'm never wrong. Rachel Maddow, Russia, Rachel Moscow Maddow, who has been wrong on every single Trump scandal of our time. From the Hunter laptop to Hunter Biden and Joe Biden's. Business relationships to Donald Trump's taxes to Russia, collusion to Spygate is back to five nights a week. Why? Because there is a market for bullshit. And by the way, while there's a market for bullshit, even on the anti-Trump, right?


Like John fun claiming I picked people for Trump's cabinet. I have picked absolutely no one ever. Matter of fact, I've had people ask me to contact Donald Trump. I'll ask Donald Trump publicly. I'll ask him right now. Mr. Trump, if you wanna respond, Dr. Have I called you about myself or any other nominees for any position? Thank you Mr. Trump. The answer is I have not because I don't ask the president for anything. Why? Because when you are asking him for something, he feels like you're trying to sell him a bunch of bullshit. And one thing I'm never gonna sell to President is bullshit. You know why I support President Trump? Any ideas in the chat? Because I like what he stands for. That's why it's not a quid pro quo. However, I'm sure John Fondle write an article that I definitely picked this guy too, being that I'm very close to him.


Donald Trump announces Leo Terrell as Senior Counsel to Assistant Attorney General for the Justice Department. Number one, yes, I love Leo. Leo Terrell has been a great friend to me. Leo Terrell started and as and I started as bitter enemies on Fox arguing back and forth. Leo had a tr a Leo 2.0 conversion. I'm now honored to have my Leo 2.0 hat Leo and I have since become amazing friends. He was one of one of the guys who showed up at my 50th birthday party. He flew all the way in from California. And I gotta tell you, I'm honored to call this guy a friend and I wish Leo Terrell the best. And John fun. Let me say on the record in case you wanna print another article, I had absolutely nothing to do about this.


I found out, Leo, if you're watching you can put it out publicly. Leo told me basically the night before said, Hey, keep this quiet. I'm, that's when I found out. That's basically when I found out with anyone else. So John, if you'd like to write another bullshit article, go right ahead. Damon, Gino pick Leo Terrell too. Totally insane nonsense. But there is a market for bullshit. How do I know that? Because the media still refuses to call out Biden's bullshit and is already starting to let's say remodel like Clay, his legacy. And you and I are not gonna let it happen. Now, I wanna give you a fair critique of my show, okay? I know what you're gonna say. Forgive me if you heard this on the radio show yesterday, but it's important I address this.


A fair critique, you might want to lobb at me right now is Dan, why are we still covering Biden? He wasn't even a nominee and he lost. Okay, good question folks, because we are never going to dismantle the historical record of liberalism, socialism, and communism 'cause they're all flavors of the same ice cream, okay? We are never gonna dismantle it and put this thing in six feet deeper. It deserves to be this deadly, ruthless ideology. If we don't accurately cover what people who enacted it like Joe Biden did to us, the media is already busy rewriting the history of Joe Biden.


You're gonna see going forward, they're gonna say he was well intentioned, but he loved his kid and it got in the way. No, Joe Biden is corrupt. Joe Biden is a sociopath. He's a lion sack of garbage and he always has been. Joe Biden is one of the worst character individuals ever in the history of politics. He's a liar and a fraud and a cheat. However, that's really not why Joe Biden failed. Joe Biden failed because he did liberal stuff. He expanded big government, which took away your individual liberty and placed it in a pot of unelected bureaucrats who effed you over. That's it. And now there were already busy Biden and others trying to remodel the Biden agenda so your kids don't learn.


Liberalism sucks. Just that Joe Biden sucked and I'm not gonna let it happen. Here's what I mean. Here is Biden. Yes. Is this Biden? No, this is Jake Sullivan first. Here's his national security advisor. Yet yesterday, tragically hilariously claiming that America is stronger after Joe Biden left office. Really? Afghanistan, the debt, the wokeness in the military, recruitment problems. America's stronger. Well, Jake Sullivan says so check this out. And our Adversaries and competitors are weaker across the board. Russia's weaker, Iran's weaker. China is weaker, and all the while we kept America out of war. So I think the American people are safer and the country is better off than we were four years ago.


The country is better off than we were four years ago. In what respect? The hundreds of thousands of criminals and terrorists and rapists and murderers and drug dealers and fentanyl traffickers and child sex traffickers in the country. The inflationary crisis that has debased our dollar. The lack of respect for us in our military overseas, the October 7th terror attack, the invasion of Ukraine, the saber rattling across the Strai and Taiwan. Where exactly are we stronger? I'd like to hear that. Do not let them remodel like Plato, what Joe Biden and his liberalism did to this country. Your kids are gonna fall prey to this bullshit again. Why do we keep fighting the same fight over and over again?


I've said to you over and over, communism, socialism and liberalism have a one Hundred percent success record. They do? Yes, of failing every single time. The media does this every time they start to remold it to make the problems not about the ideology, but the person. Here's Biden yesterday regurgitating this sick der message that somehow America's stronger do not let it happen. It is important that even though he's gone and Kamala Harris lost resoundingly, that we highlight to our kids and others exactly what they did and why this, why this ideology will destroy us in the end. Check this out. Compared to four years ago, America is stronger.


Our alliances are stronger. Our adversaries and competitors are weaker. We have not gone to war to make these things happen. During my presidency, I've increased America's power. At every dimension we've increased our diplomatic power. Okay? None of that's true. We have no diplomatic power anymore. We will. When Donald Trump gets an office, Joe Biden tried to force Israel into a shitty deal that would've gotten Israel wiped off the face of the earth. Thankfully they didn't listen. Did a ton of damage to enemies of them and enemies of the United States. That Russians unfortunately did listen to Donald Trump when he suggested in a press conference like an asshole, that it would be okay if Putin engaged in a small invasion and there really wouldn't be many consequences from it.


What did he do? He then invaded Ukraine. But it's not just that he's going to try to rewrite history and lie to people over and over and over again about his record on everything from geopolitics to the border. We can't let it happen. Open borders are part of the liberal communist socialists ideology. Why? Because they believe demographics will save them from their failure to produce for American citizens. They talk about it all the time. Demographic, destiny. Therefore they can't have, you know, that involves an actual invasion at our southern border. So you're gonna hear Biden doing what he does here and rewriting history, claiming somehow that the border crossing numbers went down from him to Donald Trump.


Ladies and gentlemen, this is a John fun. Like made up. You just made this up. Check this out out. Look, Let's get something in mind about the border. When I became president, the numbers came way down, number one. Number two, we had a circumstance where I pushed very hard for a bipartisan agreement to put more treat on the border. More, more, more secret service agent. And guess what? He's on the phone saying Don't Do it. Don't Do it. Make me look bad. The border numbers went down and what the hell's he talking about? The secret service at the border. Can this guy get his head out of a freaking bowl of oatmeal for once he got my, I mean, my gosh, can you speak in a coherent sentence?


Try. I mean, dude, try some Adderall or something. Get your brain clear, man. What is he doing in night drinking? Is this guy on a hangover all the time, even with this cognitive disorder? Just speak in a coherent sentence once in a while. The Secret Service has nothing to do with the border, of course, for the liberal bags on the show, either the all, all the, you know the Karen's out there or the liberal Karen's out there too. And Queen of the Karens who will make an appearance later in the show. I promise he's back again, who love to just make up numbers. I went to your favorite buddies at the Washington Post so you can't accuse, accuse me of political bias.


They got the numbers from Biden's. If you look at the bottom, department of Homeland Security, illegal crossings at US Mexico border, according to the left wing Communist Washington Post quote, illegal crossings reached an all time high of 2.2 million in 2022. Barely ever crossing a million ever under Donald Trump. Holy shit Dan. Joe Biden's making that up. Just like Johnny Fund. Yes he is, because that's what they do. They make it up. Do not let them rewrite the history of Joe Biden or your kids will be voting for this stuff. Again, under the confused narrative that it was about Joe Biden and not about what Joe Biden's ideological ideas were where that's the problem.


Yeah, but Joe Biden's corrupt. We know that every politician's corrupt, but liberalism is deadly. They do this all the time. Well, Jimmy Carter was a bad president 'cause it was just Jimmy Carter was uniquely unqualified. No, Jimmy Carter was a liberal. David Dinkins, the mayor of New York was just a terrible mayor otherwise, no, no. David Dinkins was a liberal. They do this all the time. Alright, I got more coming up next, including a a segment on the wildfires. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get to the Jessica TaRL left. We may have to move that up too because I'm just getting tired of this. The misinformation and the lies. Ladies and gentlemen, the best compliment you can ever gimme on this show, I get it on Facebook all the time, sometimes in the Rumble chat too, is Dan, we learn a lot from the show.


I hope the show's entertaining. I don't wanna bore you to death, certainly, but if the show's not educational, I'm wasting your freaking time. I hope we learned a couple of things today here. The border numbers dissecting this Biden national security record and also this this Secret Service inauguration plan. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm not sure they have this thing locked down on the drones. Quick break. I'm gonna get back to this show and show you a poll, how these narratives are no longer catching on and this is why they're freaking out about Facebook 'cause they can't censor you anymore. Left wing narratives are not working


anymore. Hey, if you have weight to lose, here's what you can do for me. No company in America aligns more with making America healthy again than PhD weight loss. Jim, producer Jim uses it. He lost a ton of weight. He lost about 40 pounds PhD Weight loss is the nutrition company. I've been on my show as a sponsor for over a year now. And the radio show too, like I said, Jim lost a ton of weight. Everyone was blown away with PhD's approach and Jim's results. Go check him out. He's at JJ Verde on Twitter. You can look yourself. PhD Weight loss helps tackle the real problem fixing what you eat with accountability and support. It starts with a simple phone call with a nutritionist, a real person that creates an easy to follow plan with weekly target goals. They send 80% of your weekly foods to you at no extra cost. Every week you do a weighing in call with your nutritionist, get help dropping all the excess fat weight You can do it. No workouts, no more yo-yo diets. You won't fail. It could be fun, easy and fast. So be healthy Again. It all starts with a simple phone call. Visit My PhD Weight Loss dot com. That's My PhD, Weight Loss dot com. Be healthy again. Weight loss results vary per individual consult with a medical professional


and our final sponsor today. This is Sanctity of Life Month. Ladies and gentlemen. Preborn is here. We honor the over 66 million unborn babies whose lives have been taken through abortion since Roe. Sadly, since Roe was overturned unborn babies lives could be at even greater risk. You see, a study says the abortion pill accounts for over 60% of abortions making this tragedy available 24 7. But in the midst of this darkness, there's a light that shines it's company. I believe in pre-born help rescued over 300,000 unborn babies from abortion every day on average, they help rescue 200 plus unborn babies. When a woman considering abortion, here's her baby's heartbeat and sees the precious baby on ultrasound, her baby's chance at life could double pre-born shares free heartbeats and God's love for mother and child and they need her help. For just $28, the cost of a dinner, you could sponsor an ultrasound to introduce a mother to a baby for the first time. One Hundred percent of your donation will go towards saving unborn babies. Please help. Just dial pound 2 5 0 and say the keyword baby or donate securely at preborn.com/bonino. It's a great charity. That's preborn.com/bonino. As you can tell, it means a lot to me. Saving the unborn folks preborn.com/bonino. Check it out.


Okay, here's what I mean folks. This is why they're freaked out about Facebook, not censoring for them. They cannot hide this stuff anymore. Joe Biden, Jake Sullivan, claiming America's in a better position in safer around the world when everybody knows the facts don't point in that direction. Joe Biden claiming that he secured the border and the numbers went down. Those are just made up fabricated numbers. He just pulled that out of his ass. He's making it up. They can't hide it anymore 'cause they can't censor you. The California wildfires are a similar scenario. What's driving them crazy is people are getting destroyed. Their lives are being destroyed. People have died. I think it's 24 plus. People right now have died in these tragic fires.


They've lost everything. They've been wiped out. You've had entire towns wiped out. You have one of the world's most powerful cities burning right now and this multi-trillion dollar over decades government that is known about this problem since the inception of the California territories, hasn't done shit to solve it. You are paying this government with 50% of your money, if not more in California, and they effed you over and that's a fact. So what do they do? You know what? Play this Harry Anton clip from CNN and get that Wall Street Journal article up next. I wanna show they've got a new bullshit narrative about this because they cannot, just like I told you, they'll blame Biden and not liberalism. They cannot the media cover this fairly and say, government sucks.


We have to reform it. It's not doing its job. So what do they do? They blame it on climate change. That's the bad news. The good news. Even CNN's pollster admits this shit ain't working, nobody's buying it anymore. Check this out. I Don't think Americans are making this connection. And the way we can see this in right here and now. Take a look at the monthly change in Google searches. Look at the searches for wildfire up 24 Hundred percent. My goodness gracious, this is the most amount of people searching for wildfires ever, ever going back since Google Trends began back in 2004. But look at climate change. Look at the change. It doesn't go hand in hand with wildfires. It's actually down. It's down 9%.


And I also looked in California, there has been no increase in the number of searches for climate change. So the bottom line is this. Americans are definitely interested in learning about these wildfires. They're interested in following the news about the wildfires, but they are not making that connection with climate change. That's the bottom line. They're not making the connection with climate change because it's bullshit. Even if they're worried a connection with climate change, you still look like jerk wads out in California because you have a freaking super majority in government where republicans have no statewide office or power at all to stop you.


And even if the climate was changing, what you just ignored it and let the place burn down. There is no scenario by which this is excusable, except if you're a big government freaking ap apologist like the queen of the Karens. First I'm gonna show you this Wall Street Journal article. Get ready, get ready. They've got a new narrative. What is it called in this article? Hydrologic Shock or something is their new thing. Basically the liberal's new narrative is, wow, these wet and dry seasons are causing a problem in California. 'cause it rains a lot. One year vegetation grows, then it dries out and there's fires as if this hasn't been an issue like forever.


Wall Street Journal, California's wildfire climate excuse. So they're saying now climate change explains wet and dry seasons. So it's wet, it's climate change, it's dry, it's climate change, it's in between. It's climate change. Everything's climate change to these assholes which follows, they note the progressive line, that climate change is responsible for every natural disaster except for perhaps earthquakes. Believe me, that's coming too. In today's climate orthodoxy, bad weather is always manmade except when you look at the actual data. Here's the educational part of the edutainment portion of the show. Okay, here's an actual chart. The source is the freaking state of California. In case you wanna blame Ron DeSantis or some Republican governor, you look at California's annual precipitation since 1900 and it looks pretty consistent before the industrial revolution.


So they're just making it up. They're just making it up just like John fun and just like Biden on the border, hydro climate whiplash. Thank you guys. I should have put that in the show. That's what they're calling it folks. It's bullshit. You are being lied to and why are you being lied to? Because liberals will never, ever hold themselves accountable for fing you over after stealing your money at the end of a barrel of a gun to fund their big government bureaucratic measures. Why does this happen? Because you've got queen of the car, queen of the current queen Of the People like Jessica Tarloff on the five not personal folks who cannot simply acknowledge no matter what you say in this scenario, people do not wanna hear how the super majority of California Democrats, which have run the state for now close to 30 years, monopolistically either couldn't prepare for it.


Everything's an excuse. Why was there no water in the reservoir? Well, it wasn't maintained. Well, maybe you should have fucking maintained it. You dip shit. You're in an area known for heavy winds and fires in the dry season. Maybe fix a fucking reservoir. Hydro climate whiplash. Do you hydro climate whiplash dip shits. What about the smell though? But s like what about the smell? Maybe fix the damn reservoir. The state has got a surplus, I think this year of 16 billion bucks. Fix the freaking reservoir. But here, here's Tarlo.


Well it kind of maybe don't maintain the reservoir during a fire season with dry weather and Santa Ana winds and fill the thing up. Listen to this shit, check this out. That's Why I hate that Governor Newsom had to create a new landing page on his site to put out the real facts about what the budgets have looked like doubling the size of the air fleet. A forest management budget increased 10 times. I understand it got a little wordy about the San Yez reservoir, but the truth is, is that reservoir was offline through February, 2025 no matter what. This wasn't something, an unpreparedness thing, there was a tear in the cover that they had to repair.


It's a normal maintenance thing. So yes, would it have been better if it had been filled? Sure, but that's not because of mismanage here. That's that's maintenance that has to happen. There were, but the maintenance didn't Happen in time. I mean, I mean but it was always, but it's not behind schedule is the point. This isn't because they neglected it. It because there were also a number Didn't make time is of the essence in this contract. Okay? If they don't have that reservoir that involved the Palisades, I I, I totally understand it And so we're just, it's like saying we're not gonna have cops where we know there's gonna be a crime. Well, You don't know that there's going to be a crime. This, this fire was predicted five days out, not months out when it went offline. We've been Hearing about The Karen Folks, why do you keep voting for people like this and their ass kissing syco offenses like Queen of the Karens?


It's not like you knew there was gonna be a crime. Well, let me tell you how this works Jessica. When you have a thing like Comstat and you call in a precinct commander and you say there's been 72 drug deals on this corner in the last week, can you reasonably assume Queen of the Karens that there's a problem on that corner that needs to be handled and there'll likely be another drug dealer again? Yes. So you put a cop there. That's why we pay government. I know you're not smart, but you're telling people don't do your own fire mitigation with insurance companies and a private fire department. Give it to the government. We'll figure it out. They're in a known fire area during a dry season with Santa Ana winds and they're like, you think we should fix that reservoir?


Nah, fuck it. We'll get to it when we get to it, you'll, this is what you're gonna get. Here's the difference. I'm not telling you free market companies and private companies and insurance companies are the answer to all your problems. Do they have people over all the time? There's a difference. You can fire them. Once you elect the government, you're stuck with them. That's it. You can't get away from them. I want you to listen to this. This is worth your time. It's about a minute 40, but I promise you it's a little long for the show, but it's worth your time.


I found this guy yesterday at Jack Hibbs. He has a, I guess a radio show out there and I'd never heard of him before yesterday. I'm gonna have to look him up. But he was given a, a speech here on the California, the concentrated power of the Democrats in California and everything they've done to destroy the state. They have a super majority folks, they're in charge. While all this is going down, they are responsible. That's what taking responsibility means. You lose 16 football games 'cause you don't have a weight room 'cause you didn't maintain the weight room and you keep getting jacked up on the line 'cause you're not strong enough. Then it's your responsibility as a coach to get fired and take freaking responsibility for not training your athletes.


Here's Hibs on the California super majority. Now these guys can't escape accountability. Check this out And you prove me wrong. I challenge you today if you don't like what I'm about to say, California has been under unmitigated Democrat one Hundred percent power control Democrat. Super majority. What does that mean? Super majority, it means nobody can oppose their decision making and now you've got it. You've got a situation where a catastrophe came and the billions of dollars that you and I gave was diverted to other woke stupid Democrat projects.


That's not, that's not hyperbole. It is a fact. You don't like it. Change your party. Come on. If you don't like it, change different, but I'm telling you right now I'm upset and I'm angry and it's the right kind of anger. I'm telling you this right now. When you open up a fire hydrant and nothing comes out and then Joe Biden says it's because we need electricity. It was turned off for the fire hydrant to turn on. In some cases that might be true. If the fire hydrants are on top of a mountain, you need a motor to drive the water up. That's extremely rare and it wasn't the case in these fires. Bad management, horrific politicians who took your money and took trips like Karen Bass, the mayor of la, she decided to go to Africa the week of the fires to be on a little trip that you paid for.


She was really put out when she was told to come home. It didn't look bad. I mean it didn't look good that it looked very bad. You've got Gavin Newsom flying down here and then at a command center laughing it up with some people and it's caught on tape while he spends nine point so many millions of probably your dollars to buy himself a new house. Yeah brother, that's right. Empty reservoirs, empty fire hydrants. At what point does the queen of the Karens and others out there acknowledge that you guys are actually participants in this debacle?


Because it's not just that government failed these people and their lives were destroyed and 24, I think more than that, 24 people now have died. Their lives weren't destroyed, their lives were taken that you guys are covering for them. Our narrative accomplices in covering up the debacle that this state's become, this is how they operate folks every single time and the media covers up for 'em. I wanna transition to a story that's been on my mind too because now last night, in case you missed it, Jack Smith was given approval to release his report. There's nothing new in there, folks.


It's all bullshit. The only newsworthy item from tyrant Jack Smith's report who's now left the Justice Department, is that he de facto acknowledge, acknowledges in the report that Donald Trump wasn't responsible for an insurrection. There was no way they could prove it because there was no insurrection. He told people to march peacefully and patriotically. It was crazy that he even thought in front of a biased DC jury full of Trump haters that he still couldn't prove that beyond a reasonable doubt 'cause he was making it up. But this Mar-a-Lago rate has been on my mind for a long time. I've gotten into a lot of fights over this because Christopher Ray, this is his darkest moment, the soon to be departing, thankfully, FBI director. This is where Christopher Ray fully and completely broke the FBI, any reasonable FBI director understanding the president of the United States declassification powers would've never in a thousand years authorized a raid on Mar-a-Lago.


Only an absolute moron or a timer would've done it. I'm not sure which one. Christopher Ray is maybe both. Here he is on 61 minutes. Again, trying to explain this as if there isn't a dispute about the president's classification authorities and what was classified around as if this was a black and white matter beyond the reasonable doubt where he had actual probable cause for a search warrant where no such thing even existed. There was a real dispute here and I'm gonna prove it to you in a minute about if these things were even classified at all. This thing didn't even meet close to a standard for probable cause for a warrant. But watch Christopher Ray just assume that's all true.


Check this out. Trump is also livid about the FBI search in 2022 for classified files at his home, a Trump lawyer certified that all classified papers had been returned to the government. But the FBI said later it found 72 documents marked top secret or secret, at least one about US military strength. I wanna be careful not to discuss too many of the specifics of, of an investigation, but what I can tell you is that part of the FBI's job is to safeguard classified information. And when we learn that information, classified material is not being properly stored, we have a duty to act.


And I can tell you that an investigations like this one, a search warrant is not, and here was not anybody's first choice. We always try to pursue, invariably try to pursue the least intrusive means first, trying to get the information back voluntarily then with a subpoena and only if after all that we learn that the agents haven't been given all of the classified material and in fact those efforts have been frustrated, even obstructed, then our agents are left with no choice but to go to a federal judge, make a probable cause showing and get a search warrant. And that's, that's what happened here.


They have no probable cause. Folks, this duty isn't to act as he just falsely stated his duty is to follow the law. Does he not know that our duty is to act? Well? What is the law again? Here's the educational portion of the show, just a news article. I want you to read this. It's an older article, but it's worth your time. It's in the newsletter again. Save this for your dumb ass friends who still don't understand why the FBI rated them and had zero probable cause of a crime whatsoever. Matter of fact, the law says they had no evidence at all of a crime.


There's already been a lawsuit about classified papers. However, the last lawsuit involved a Democrat and notice how the FBI and everyone else handled it completely differently. Who was that? Democrat? Yes, William Jefferson Clinton, sometimes known as Bill and the ruling from Amy Biman Jackson, bill Clinton had some papers in a sock drawer. Was that under the statutory scheme established by the Presidential Records Act, the decision to segregate personal materials from presidential records? Listen to this is made by the President during the president's term and in his sole discretion, Amy Jackson wrote in her 2012 decision, which was never appealed.


Oh, it goes on. Since the president is completely entrusted with the management disposal of presidential records during his time in office, it would be difficult for the court to conclude that Congress intended he would've less authority to do what he pleases with what he considers to be his personal records. Amy Berman Jackson added sounds pretty conclusive. She ultimately rejected a lawsuit concluding there was no provision in the Presidential records act to force the national archives involved in the Trump case to seize records from a former president. You see how everybody in the left wing media wanted this narrative out there that there was some confusion.


There's no confusion when it was a Democrat. There's no confusion at all. It's in his sole discretion what his papers are or not. Christopher Ray jumps to chapter six of the book, assuming that they weren't Donald Trump's records and he's entitled to them. Notice he ignores the 2012 ruling the court precedent, which by the way was never appealed. Notice how he ignores that and notice how the media never brings this Bill Clinton case up. Folks, the bias here is this really deeply disturbing. Go to that Axios piece if you would. That's why this Axios piece is so critical.


For all the times I give you bad news, I wanna follow it up with good news. So you understand that all of the work you're doing on social media and elsewhere, the combat bullshit liberal narratives, ladies and gentlemen, is working. Axios Americans faith in most professions, dwindles. They're covering a Gallup, a Gallup poll. Look at who's getting absolutely crushed. The honesty and loyalty of professors, people like nurses, grade school teachers, military officers, pharmacists, medical doctors, good. They've earned it. Majority negative opinions. Yes, TV reporters, members of Congress and lobbyists, TV reporters, John Funds and others out there, liars out there who make stuff up.


That's why nobody trusts you because you lie. You're full of shit. The fact checkers, if, if Facebook follows through are not gonna be able to protect you anymore and this is why nobody trusts you. Let me end on a good note today. Did you see this video of Donald Trump? Remember the, he got the garbage truck thing. Did you, you guys remember this garbage truck thing? This is why I love this guy. He does stuff that's so unconventional and puts the media on their asses so much that it's my Dan Bonino Media. They show their ass thing where they, they react emotionally instead of a problem. Their problem is they need to get rid of Donald Trump, but because Donald Trump trolls them so effectively every time they let their emotions get in the way and they destroy their own credibility, as you see from this survey up there, they don't seem to care that no one in America actually believes him as a majority negative opinion of them.


They don't mind, and it's because he does things like this. Remember when Joe Biden called this all garbage MAGA supporters and Donald Trump got in a garbage truck? How do you like my garbage Truck? This truck is an honor of Kamala and Joe Biden Genius, by the way, freaking genius. Me and many others thought this was an amazing idea. I'm glad they jumped on that idea. They probably thought of it themselves. I mean, everybody thought it was a good idea. They don't wanna take like false credit for it or anything like that. But the Trump is now. The Trump garbage truck is now gonna be in the inaugural parade. Ladies of gentlemen, make parades great again. Only Donald Trump control the media like that. And that's why. What is it? Close to 80 plus percent of Americans feel have a majority negative opinion of TV reporters 'cause they can't control themselves.


I'll be watching the Pete Eggand hearing today. I have a full report for you on tomorrow. You know how I like to handle these things? I don't want to be first. I like to digest them first. There've been, of course, a bunch of ridiculous attacks based on false allegations of Pete. Let me just say before we get off the air, I worked with Pete. I've known Pete for over 10 years. He's a man of integrity. He's a man of dignity. Any of these allegations that, oh, he showed up drunk at work. I worked with Pete a lot. I was up in New York all the time. Those stories are false. They're made up. I never heard a single word about that. I'm still friendly with all the people at Fox and Friends. My former producers were all Fox and friends people. That is absolute bullshit. They're making this stuff up. Stick with Pete. Stand with Pete. Give a call to your senators.


Make sure they're voting the right way. We need this guy. I'll see you on the radio show here in Rumble in a little bit, and back here tomorrow at 11:00 AM Please do me a favor, download the Rumble app. Give us a follow on Rumble rumble.com/bonino. And if you wouldn't mind following us on Apple Podcasts and Spotify, I would deeply appreciate it. You made us the number one live stream in the world just about every day now. Thanks a lot. See you back here tomorrow. You just heard the Dan Bonino show.