
Get ready to hear the truth about America on a show that iss not immune to the facts. With your host. Dan Bonino. Oh, did I miss you guys? You have no idea. I was just telling the team. Michael, was I not? I my guys, I'm not messing with you. You know. I I do the show 'cause I want to. Luckily we're in a really good spot in our lives. We can make some choices like that, but I really, really wanted to do it. but I, hope you understand. You know my wife and my kid You know I, I gotta take care. I I had to get a step away for just a little bit, but it was a busy Newsweek. I'm really, really sorry. We gotta a ton of stuff to talk about. I don't wanna waste any time. The show is gonna be absolute fire today.


Hey, on the short list of products you have to have, please, please get the jce case like vase with a J for your family. Go to Jace Medical dot com. Use promo code Bonino. It's a must have.


Just a quick thank you. I'd love to do a long weekend update, but folks, it's just not the time for anybody To make it really quick. A big, huge thank you to Big Sky Montana for hosting us. We stayed at the Montage, a freaking amazing place. Went back to Yellowstone. Most of it, of course in Wyoming. But there is a portion of Montana too. We went to a lot of Wyoming side. Saw this out there. It was just beautiful. That's Artist Point. The Grand Canyon of Yellowstone. That was me and my crew. Absolutely amazing. Also, did some whitewater rafting, froze my cajones off. Didn't realize it would be that cold. To make no mistake, everybody smiling behind me because me and Arvin, the orthodontists, they were eating all the wind and the rain.


We were dying. But ultimately it was a good time. So I, I'll have to tell you more the rest of the week. A lot to get to.


Let's get to a today's show. Brought to you by my Patriot supply.com. America could be facing real danger. The kind of danger only real Americans are ready for. Well, what makes a real American You know? I'll tell you what makes a real American. Someone prepared. Someone prepared to defend the country, defend their families, defend themselves. And you defend yourself by being prepared. Prepared with the company. I do My Patriot Supply. They've helped millions of Americans gear up for emergencies today. Their popular four week emergency food kits. They can't stay outta customer's cards because they love 'em. Get yours right now. My patriot supply.com. Each food kit offers over 2000 calories a day. They're sealed in ultra durable four layer packaging, lasting up to 25 years in storage. Calories are survival in an emergency. My patriot supply.com. Get as many kits as you need. Save 50 $50 on each one. Free shipping included. Stock up today, my patriot supply.com, my patriot supply.com.


Alright fellas, let's get this party started. Man. We got a big crowd already. We just started. So let's get right to it first, folks, listen man, as the great Aunt Jane, God rest her soul. My godmother used to say self praise thinks, and it does. but it's important you understand. I treat you like family and I am never gonna waste your time. Do you understand me? Look at me. Horse blinkers on. I am not gonna waste your time. If you're listening to this show, I'm telling you straight now, I'm gonna back it up with receipts. You were at least three to six months ahead of the news cycle. As a matter of fact. Let me double down on that. If you are listening to conservative media in general, mark Levin, a couple of great hosts out there, I could go, I don't wanna leave anybody out.


You are probably three to six months of everyone else's news cycle because the liberal media treats you like this double barrel. I take that back, triple barreled, middle finger, because they don't care about you. How people still watch this bullshit is beyond me. I'm gonna show you what I mean before I get into this last week in news, because I'm not sure Biden's gonna survive the week. He may because he's a narcissistic sociopath. but I'm gonna get to that. But first here, breaking news folks scoop. Did you see this story? How Biden's event staffers guiding behind the scenes And, they showed these pictures of Biden. Here's what these little advance sheets, here's what it's gonna look like.


Walking out to the stage. Here's what the podium looks like, Ladies and gentlemen in the chat. Where am I going with this? Tell me, tell me, does anybody out there know? We've told you this for years. This is not a scoop. Okay? The fact that pre presidents are given detailed note sheets and pictures about what to do. I'm sorry. I would love to make this about Biden. And it is, but not the way you think. If you're listening to the show, you already know the story. Every president is given the same thing. Here's where the stage is work. Oh, thank you.


I should have included this walk to podium that there's nothing, that's not a story. What's the story? The story here is that Biden's been given this from day one and still can't find his way up the freaking stage. Gee, how many times we told this story even gee, who never says anything like I, I don't even want, this is not a story. If you listen to this show, the story isn't, Biden needs detailed instructions. Every president gets them. The story is he gets detailed instructions and can't get off the freaking stage ever.


Holy shit man. Stop wasting your time with other media outlets. We already told you this. Here's another story again. We've been telling you for three freaking years, Michelle Obama is not running. You can continue to promote this story all you want. I worked there. She hates politics, folks. Listen. Can anything happen? Yes, there could be some Titanic like Apocalypse on the left and everybody, yes, of course it could. If there's a chance of anything, I'm telling you, the chance of Michelle Obama running, you are wasting your time is close to zero NBC breaking news. Unless you watch this show.


Michelle Obama's office says, the former first lady will not be running. She's not running, man. She's not running, man. You gotta separate those words like Master Debater. She's not running the chances. Zero zero 1%. She hates politics. We have to spend our time on Gretchen Whitmer, Raphael Warnock, Josh Shapiro, Pritzker Newsom and Kamala Harris. One of those people is gonna be involved in the next administration. Well, obviously Kamala Harris, if they were to win finally to donors, I've told you a thousand times too with regards to this, I'm not suffering.


That sounds kind of holy. I'm sorry. I don't mean it really. And I'm, I'm not trying to sound like your patron or something like that here. You know, like I'm that sounded ass. Holy. I'm sorry it's not even a word, but I just made it up. Biden is not going to drop out ever until he is forced to. Another story we have repeated over and over. You have to understand, he is not a normal person like you. Any normal person would say right now, I did what I had to do. I'm speaking from the Democrats and I'm not saying this is true. So please don't email me and say, Dan, how you say the Democrats. Biden could say, I did my job. I saved the world from the tyrannical Nazi Donald Trump.


This is his crazy line of thinking. I passed a bunch of liberal bullshit. I should walk out and leave And. you know, look at me triumphant with the heavy as the head that wears the crown, right, he is. Stop thinking like a normal person. Biden is not normal. He is a sociopathic narcissist, crazy person. The only people that are gonna push him out are who? The donors. That is it. When the money dries up And, they, oh, I hate, literally, literally cannot afford to send people out to campaign. Then he'll drop out CNBC. Disney, heiress. Wealthy Democratic donors say they won't finance the party until Joe Biden drops out. That's the only reason this story is in the news.


The only reason, and another thing we had discussed, my biggest fear, just so we're clear. 'cause some guy tweeted this at me 'cause I read a lot of your stuff and I was really pissed off. Some guy tweeted, Hey Dan, stop telling Biden to get outta the race. I was like, holy shit bro. Do you even listen to the show? My biggest fear is Biden getting outta the race. I don't want Biden outta the race at all. I'm glad Biden wants to stay because I wanna run against the worst candidate. And he is by far the worst candidate. He's not even a close. Second, I wanna run against Biden, but I had said prior to the debate, my biggest fear, You know. Avita and I were talking about this. We covered the debate and all this stuff live. We were talking about this.


My biggest fear was a total collapse by Biden. I wanted Biden to have some kind of a moment. Why would you want him to have a good moment against Trump? 'cause I don't want him to leave. And now you're seeing it right now. It was so bad. Everything I told you was gonna happen happen. I'm gonna play some audio from the radio show later on the radio show showing you how all of this stuff, if you were listening here, we were six months ahead. You're not wasting your time. I laid it out for you. The obstacle right now, the obstacle right now to changing the ticket is Joe Biden. He is a narcissistic. A narcissistic, excuse me, sociopath. That is it. I'm gonna start running a lot of audio here. A lot of stuff to cover from last week.


Here is Biden, the day after, I've You know it's the easiest show clips wise to put together. It was the hardest show content wise. 'cause I had to kind of weed out a lot of stuff. I had like a hundred things saved or so from last week. Here's Biden the day after telling everyone, 'cause he is a lunatic and his wife craves power and his wife is his most important advisor saying, I'm staying in the race. Check this out. Well, guess What? They're trying to push me out on the race. Well, let me say this clearly as I can. I'm staying in the race. I'll beat Donald Trump. I'll beat him again in 2020. I'm asking you all as friends 'cause that's what you are.


You made us a top 10 podcast again, by the way, in June, we were number nine. Thank you. From the bottom of my heart. I'm asking you as my friends. 'cause I consider you that Anita and all you folks out there You know that I called up Anita and I'm like, Hey Anita, I gotta tell you something about this because I want you guys all wired in on the show. I'm not the general here. I'm one of you. I'm telling you as a friend and I need you to trust me. Biden will never leave the race voluntarily, ever. There is nothing you can tell him. He is a crazy person. It is like trying to teach my dog Lucy, who missed everyone. She came right up to Aveta and my Lucy. Where are my friends? They're back. Imagine Lucy. A Vita's. Like, hey, let's teach you a lesson in kinetic energy and potential energy. Lou Lucy can't figure it out.


Lucy's a dog. I love Lucy, just like the show. But she's a dog. Biden's like a dog right now, trying to talk to him about physics. He will never leave. He will never leave until the money dries up and someone has to, says to him, Joe, you, you can't stay in. There's no money left. Well, why is that an issue? Listen to mega donor Ari Emanuel. Emmanuel, a guy who has a lot of influence. This guy sends millions to the Democrat party. Listen to him tell you what I told you a couple weeks ago. The donors, they'll be the ones to decide. And most of them have said, we're done. Which is bad for us. We wanna run against Biden. Check this out. The lifeblood to a campaign in politics, the lifeblood is money.


And maybe the only way this gets with smart lawyers looking at it is if the money starts drying up. Oh yes, she told you that. There's no Democrat. Listen to me. There's no Democrat elected official. There's no social media influencer. There's no cabinet official. There is no local mayor. There is no Hollywood type that is going to convince this lunatic to step aside. His wife is absolutely obsessed with power and he's too dumb to figure it out.


It ain't gonna happen and ain't a word for this until what he said is true. That's a Democrat donor. When the money dries up, they'll be out. Again. The CNBC piece, Ari Emanuel's not the only one. This Disney heiress, wealthy democratic donors say they won't finance the party. The party until Joe Biden drops out. Now put skin in the game. You ever Naim Taleb's book Skin in the game. When people have skin in the game, they act differently. Okay? Force someone to live in a house and I promise you, they're gonna build this dirty house. 'cause if it collapses, they die. The best part about pilot and the plane is outside these suicidal maniacs. If the plane goes down, the pilot goes down too.


So he's incentivized to fly a plane ride. Now all of a sudden down ticket people from local mayors to congressmen, to senators to city councilmen, that DNC money is drying up. When they tell him to get out, he will get out. I can't emphasize this enough. Please. This online chatter. Oh, Biden's thinking about it. Biden is thinking about nothing. When the money dries up, he will get out. Period. Stop with any other bullshit. It's a total waste of time. Here. New York post 25 House Democrats wanna dump Joe Biden. Terrific. Great. Good job. The dam is broken for you guys.


I want Biden in. It isn't gonna happen until Dr. Jill and the money dries up. When the money dries up and Dr. Jill tells him to get out, then he'll get out. By the way, him getting out is not an easy task, folks, the chaos from this point on, just sit back and enjoy the show on the left. Really though, all Republican chaos, Republicans, the Democrats have a total complete shit show on their hands. Like right now, like you've never seen. Why? Because Biden didn't bail out before the primary. There's a great piece. Isn't a newsletter today, but it it will be bonino.com/newsletter. Read this whole article, Vive Senna at American Wire.


I'm not gonna go through the whole thing, but folks, if he bails now the ballot's all screwed up. Michael knows the state of Wisconsin well and Wisconsin, for example, a candidate can't be removed from the ballot, let's they die. I don't want anybody to die. I'm just saying in Nevada, changes can't be made to the ballot after 5:00 PM on the fourth Friday in June, unless the nominee dies or is adjudicated insane or mentally incompetent. So how are you gonna get him off the Nevada by say he is mentally incompetent, then he is gotta resign because he'd still be president. Oh, he's mentally incompetent, but gonna leave him in there for four months with a world war nearly on the go. Do you understand the shit show there? Here one more.


If Georgia were to withdraw from the, if he were withdraw from the ballot less than 60 days before the election, his name would still remain on the ballot though none of the votes would be counted. Read this piece. This is a mess. This is a total mess for them. For them, for them. They sit back And, they enjoy it when they think this is Republican chaos. We got a country to defend. And let me tell you, I'm really worried about the next few months. But they created this shit storm, not us. This tool bag could have got out before the primary. And Dr. Jill doctor, whatever the hell that is, Dr. Jill told him to stay in because they, what is she do in surgery?


Gimme a doctor. Doctor Jill. Yeah, whatever. Just like Biden was a professor too. Now look what happened. The country's a total mess. We didn't do it. What did you do? You didn't do anything. You guys sat back and warned everyone, this guy's losing his mind and nobody listened. And by the way, don't believe any of the media bullshit either. The media, oh, we just learned about, get the hell outta here. The media's known about this forever. So why now are they reporting on how crazy Biden is? He was on Morning Joe this morning screaming, I'll, I'll cover that in detail tomorrow. It was just him screaming Joe, me, they, they tried to challenge you in the primary RFK.


Remember what they did? They did everything they could to keep RFK off the ballot. So don't gimme this bullshit now that, oh, Biden wanted a primary and he was open to competition. No he wasn't. Folks, they, they did this. You didn't do any of it. Now let's get into the core of the show. I sent out a true social post depress. I've been way too excited for today's show. My heart's like I sent out true social post and a tweet on X this weekend. And I thought about this 'cause I wanted to sum it up. People like things in threes. Why? I have no idea. I can, I can't get into psychology of it. But there were three major insurmountable problems. Biden has now, now forget the major part. 'cause any problem the president has is major.


The word insurmountable is doing a lot of work here. The reason I'm gonna discuss these three problems going forward, and I'm gonna bl out, lay out the receipts for you is because they are insurmountable. He can't fix them. There is no fix. There is a way to fix a lot of political problems. Okay? Go out, do events, meet and greets, do a long form speech. Bill Clinton did the Hillary Clinton interview after all these allegations and seemed to think he fixed it. These are the three problems that are the most severe because Biden can't fix 'em. Let's go through number one, two, and three. And then we're gonna produce the receipts. 'cause receipts matter, number one's the most obvious one. The cognitive condition he has, which is obvious, okay?


He has now, which condition it is is not obvious that he has a cognitive disorder. Is, is it Parkinson's, frontal lobe, dementia? I don't think it's Alzheimer's. I don't know. I can't diagnose him. I'm not, I'm not qualified to do that. But it's clear as day by any reasonable person. He has a cognitive condition. Folks, the condition is worsened by age. There is simply no chance at tomorrow is gonna be a better day than today. I wrote in a tweet, Biden's best day was a series of yesterday's. That's it. There will never be a tomorrow better than yesterday. He has no chance of getting better. He only has a chance of getting worse.


Number two, Biden is not good at anything. This is the second most important point. He has no toolkit to save himself. He can't do meet and greets. He can't do gripping grins. He can't do stadium events. He can't do sit down interviews. He can't do debates. He can't do small events. He can't do big events. He can't draw a crowd. He can't do events with sports teams. He can't do fundraisers. With Obama leading him off the stage, there is nothing he can do. That's not the case for every politician. Donald Trump had issues.


He went out to a rally in Georgia, whatever, and 50,000 people showed up. Bill Clinton in a small grip and grin could convince donors he was the Messiah. Barack Obama, while destroying the country, will give these flowery speeches. Hope he changey. Biden has none of those skills, bro. He's not good at anything. Insurmountable problems. Third thing, quick break and then we back it up with receipts. The media's turned on him, not because they're interested in journalism. These are Commies. Period. Stop the Commies love power. Biden is their toughest obstacle to power because he's the worst candidate.


You can't unwind that. You can't. They can try, but they can't go back. If he stays in the race in a month and underwrite the articles about his mental condition, none of that's changeable. They'll fake it, but the articles don't go away. Insurmountable problems. Quick break. We're gonna back it up. We'll go back to number one, folks. This guy is not getting any better. He is only getting worse.


Hey, it was a hot July 4th for me and my family as we explored the western us little cold the night, but hot during the day. We hiked relaxed. We ate really well. I gotta admit, we had our fair share a meat on the grill we did during the holiday break, thanks to Omaha steaks. But don't worry, even now the holiday weekend's over, you can still take advantage of the hotter than fire sale@omahasteaks.com. Get their gourmet packages starting at just $99. Use my promo code Bino to get an extra $10 off. You. know I love Omaha steaks. They're the best steaks you're gonna have in your life. You know I stock 'em up and if these guys fleece 'em from my freezer all the time, it's like, what a You know. I barely had some burgers left. They took everything. And folks, I mean it. Not only is the quality what I look for in my protein, but every purchase is backed by their unconditional money back guarantee. I rely on Omaha steaks to stay stocked and on track. Use code Bonino to get an extra $10 off now and experience what I'm talking about You. know how strict I am in my diet, whether I'm home, working out or venturing off, exploring always high quality proteins that taste great. The staple of every diet out there. Use code Bonino for an extra $10 off today and see what I mean. You're gonna love Omaha steaks. Minimum order may be required. Please visit omaha steaks.com for details. Check 'em out. They've been a great supporter of the show. We appreciate.


Alright, backing it up. Number one, the guy's cognitive condition has continued to deteriorate. RNC research. Put this short video together. I want you to listen to this and listen closely. Especially if you're on Apple and Spotify. You're not watching on video. You listen on just audio. It's almost gonna be, Chris is the, probably the one time, this clip is almost better on just audio. Listen to him in 2020 first, just a few years ago and listen to him in 2024. It's not even close. The decline is geometric. It's not linear. Take a listen. Nobody making less than $400,000 will pay a penny more in tax under my proposal. That's a promise. That's a guarantee. A promise. I give you my word abide.


That's an absolute guarantee. And You think it's a good idea to raise taxes when the economy's in dire straits, Depending who you're raising them on. Look, if you're raising somebody who's making a billion dollars a year, it's not a problem that they pay 39.6%, which everybody should pay. Raise another $90 billion. Did You ever watch the debate afterwards? I don't think I did. No. Well, what I'm trying, what I wanna get at is, what were you experiencing as you were going through the debate? Did You know how badly it was going? Yeah, look the whole way. I prepared nobody's fault mind nobody's fault of mind. I, I prepared what I usually would do sitting down as I did come back with foreign leaders or the National Security Council.


It's funny, Michael started freaking out. He's like, I think the video's, but I swear. He goes, I think the video, no, the video's not buffering. Biden's buffering. Now, there's nothing wrong with the video folks. He can't process information. You can hear it. His ram, the random access memories. It's not working. There's something wrong. What is it, folks? I don't know what it is because I'm not an asshole who says things he doesn't know. I'm just telling you that the is is there what it is? I don't know. However, it is without a doubt, one of the biggest coverups we've seen in presidential history. 'cause somebody knows what's going on with this guy's brain. New York post President Biden's physician, who by the way, we're finding out may have some commingled interest with the Biden team.


More on that coming tomorrow. President Biden's physician met with Parkinson's disease specialist at the White House. The Parkinson's disease guy is a guy apparently with some commingled interests according to these allegations. We'll see. We'll look in that tomorrow. Alex Berenson had this scoop on, on X, Dr. Kevin r Kenard is a neurologist who specializes in Parkinson's. Here are the White House visitor logs showing his visits that folks, you can look at the logs yourself. They're public. Why is a guy with Parkinson's special, a Parkinson's specialty visiting the White House? Gee, we ever talked about Hamm's Razor before? Have we mentioned it like a thousand times?


Given all possible explanations, folks, except the one that requires the least amount of assumptions. In other words, keep it simple, stupid. Why would a Parkinson's doctor be visiting the White House? Because maybe Biden is showing symptoms of Parkinson's. Does he have it? I don't know. I'm not his doctor. It's the public record. You think the media couldn't un the, the media couldn't see this themselves? Does the White House provided any explanation for this? Now, Biden said today on Morning, Joe, that he'd taken a neurological test and Rele released the results. Really? Because he told Snuffaluffagus George Snuffle in the interview that he hadn't what?


Which Biden's telling the truth. He's debating himself. Hell, if I know, I don't even think Biden knows. Take a listen. Would you be willing to undergo an independent medical evaluation that included neurological and cognitive cognitive tests and release the results to the American people? Look, I have a cognitive test every single day. Every day I have that test. Everything I do You know. Not only am I campaigning, but I'm running the world not, and that's not how it sounds like hyperbole, but we are the central nation in the world. Madeline Albright was right? And every single day, for example, today before I come out here, I'm on the phone with the, with the prime minister of, anyway, I shouldn't get into the detail, but You hear what he did there.


Thank you for the Biden verse. But he, he's debating himself today. He said he took a test and released it. He told Snuffle love against, he didn't take a test. That he takes some tests every day. When, when he, when he, when he's doing this leadership role, well, he has no public schedule. Folks, every day on the radio show, we run his public schedule. He has no schedule today. Again, no schedule. What is he talking about? His cognitive test is sleeping all day. And you, what he did at the end, whenever he loses his train of thought, folks in the chat, what does he do? He goes, oh, anyway, that's his tick. That means he forgot where he was. And he says, anyway, as if he's stop you see what he's doing. He's falsely pretending.


He's stopping himself from saying something. I go, I have this judgment. That's not why he's doing that. He's doing it because he lost what he was saying. He lost his position. He forgot completely what he was talking about. This guy is a train wreck man. He's a liar. And he says, the craziest You know, I debated putting this in there. 'cause this is like, what is he even saying here? He jumps back on stage last week in this Wisconsin event. Did you guys, did you guys see this one? I'm just gonna play this. I may just leave it without comment. I'm not sure. Check this Outflow overflow.


Maybe. Maybe you should keep that to yourself. Let's hope he spelled that word right. you know what I mean? What is he? Keep in mind where we are in the show. Three insurmountable problems. We're still on. Number one, the guy's condition is his best days. A series of yesterdays. That's it. He's going to come in the overflow room. Okay, good to know. Maybe you should keep that to yourself. And, they keep lying about it and covering it up as if the American people, the American voter, can't go out there and just look at this stuff on X, on YouTube, on Rumble, on Twitch, on TikTok.


You can see it yourself. It's not even so much the crime of of, of what Biden's doing. It's the coverup. It's so obvious. I'm gonna take a quick break here. Last break, and I'm gonna fire through this house. The White House is just ridiculously holding onto this thing. It's incredible.


Folks, the Jace case talked about in the beginning of the show. Here's mine. Here I have mine. What is it? It's a case of emergency antibiotics. It's personalized medication contains essential antibiotics and medications that treat the most common and deadly bacterial infections. Listen, it's hurricane season. It's an early one, as we've seen down here in Florida. You damn well better be prepared. I have a Jce case. My wife has one. How do you get one? That's a question I get a lot. Well, here you go to the website, by the way. It's like vase with A-J-J-A-S-E Jace Medical dot com. Jace Medical dot com. What do you do when you get there? It's real simple. You fill out a very easy online form. Review the terms. A Jace Medical physician will evaluate your request if eligible. Your medications are dispensed by a licensed pharmacy at a fraction of the regular cost. It's Jace Medical dot com and a code BONINO to get a discount. Folks be stocked and ready. Floods, hurricanes, tornadoes. You don't know what could happen. That's why there are emergencies. You don't wanna wait. With everything walled off behind a pharmacy right there, Jace handles everything from the online evaluation to delivery, even ongoing care. If you want it, get your customized case today by going to Jace Medical dot com. Enter code bond gino today. Jace Medical dot com code bonino. Jace. Medical and products are not intended. As a substitute for professional medical treatment or advice, consult with your healthcare provider. Get prepared today with a JCE case


in our last sponsor, MD. Hearing millions of adults every year over the age of 65 may start to lose their hearing going down that road. MD hearing is an FDA registered rechargeable hearing aid that costs a fraction of what typical hearing aids cost. MD hearing's Neo model costs over 90% less than clinic hearing aids. And. they work great. The Neo fits inside your ear. Plus MD hearing just launched a Neo XS MD hearing smallest hearing aid ever. Right now, you can get high quality rechargeable digital hearing aids for only $297. A pair MD hearing was founded by an ENT surgeon who made it his mission to develop a quality hearing aid that anyone could afford. MD hearing has sold over 1.5 million hearing aids And. they offer a 45 day risk-free trial with 100% money back guarantee. MD hearing. Were just selected to be the hearing aid supplier for the top Medicare Advantage plans. Get the hearing you deserve with MD hearing. Go to shop md hearing.com. Use promo code Patriot to get their new $297 when you buy a pair offer. Plus they're adding a free extra charging case. A great a hundred dollars value there. Just for listeners at Dan Bunch, you don't show. That's shop md hearing.com. Use our promo code Patriot and get their new $297. When you buy a pair offer, check 'em out and support our sponsors. They keep the show free for everyone.


And. they like being here, so we really appreciate it, folks. His insurmountable problem. This condition's not getting any better. Every freaking person knows it, including the donors. Here's Kare Jean Pierre, by far the worst freaking press secretary in the history of the United States. It's not that she lies, it's that she lies badly. Every press secretary lies. That's their job. They have to lie for the president. Everyone in politics is bullshitting you all the time. I'm sorry to tell you that. And the press secretary's the lead bullshitter. If you're gonna be the lead bullshitter, you better be good at it. She's terrible at it. Here she is getting caught on day one. She asked the question, Hey, before the debate was he checked out by a doctor? It's like they don't even know that there's actual, there's a trail of this stuff here.


Check the answer out and I'll show you how she again, is debating herself. Check this out. Who's the President's health today is? Does he still have this cold or is he feeling better? And then to clarify on the medical exam, because you said he hasn't had one since his last physical. He was on the way to the debate. The doctor was with him. He had a cold. He's 81. Does he not get checked out by the doctor? I'm, I can tell you, He did not have, he did not get checked out by the doctor. It's a cold, guys. It's a cold. And I know that it affects everybody differently. We have all had colds. And so no, he was not checked by the doctor. Oh my gosh, yes. This woman sucks so bad. Did she even talk to Biden about this receipts, folks?


Because here's like the next day, A, B, C news. Biden told governors he had a medical checkup after debate and is in good health. Did they even do their own homework? Avita put together an amazing piece of this in the newsletter up on gino.com. Corporate media admits it hit Biden's cognitive decline due to fear of the White House and liberal Twitter sphere. Folks, I'm gonna tell you something. Listen to me please. This is important. This is a great piece by Avita. Read it in our newsletter today. This is a problem on the conservative side too. I'm not gonna lie to you. There are a lot of people out there. There's a lot of very good hoes. Please, I don't want to knock anyone, but there are a lot of people out there. I think You know some of the beefs I've had.


But some of them who will say anything to try to avoid the wrath of conservative media or mainstream media, one or the other. And they're not telling you the truth. Liberals have this same problem. However, conservatives, you will see no prominent liberal bucking the trend of whatever. Say though, where the wind is going. Conservatives do it all the time. You are not getting the truth. If you are listening to any other outlet other than conservative media, we get stuff wrong once in a while. There's no doubt it happens everywhere. The difference is the liberal media gets everything wrong all the time. They are freaking liars here. You want more receipts? Here's Joe Scarborough.


You think this was four years ago? This was in March of when? 2024 this year. Here's Joe Scarborough saying, oh, all that shit. You guys are talking about Biden's mental capacity. This is the best Biden ever. These people are full of shit. He knew this. He was lying right to your face. Dumb ass liberals. Take this guy seriously. Take a look And f you if you can't handle the truth. This version of Biden intellectually, analytically is the best Biden ever. Not a close second. And I've known him for years. The Brezinski have known him for 50 years.


If it weren't the truth, I wouldn't say it. Folks. I think a lot of media outlets play in this. Cut. I debated throwing it in there. 'cause everybody's playing it. Are missing the point. The point is that Scarborough knew this clip would be bad if you were like, wow, this guy's a really terrible journalist. He got the story wrong. He didn't get the story wrong. The story he was told to tell is yes, we know You know Biden's a mental mess right now and his brain is oatmeal. But we're asking you to lie to the audience for us. And he didn't. That's the story. Too many people are afraid to say it.


Oh, I can't get into his motives. His motives. You think Joe Scarborough's stupid? He didn't see what you saw. He was told to lie whether implicitly or explicitly. And he did it. The guy is insurmountable. Insurmountably, mentally incapacitated. Here he is on a White House lawn trying to, he tries to do the suckers and losers thing with the hoax. The Trump suckers and losers hoax, which has been debunked 26 different ways from Sunday. it doesn't matter. This jerk wad in the White House who I can't stand, he couldn't even get the suckers and losers hoax out.


Listen for the, anyway, here on this one, check this out. You know I was in that World War I cemetery at in France, and the one that my, one of our col, the former president didn't want to go and be up there. I probably shouldn't even say it anyway. We gotta just remember who the hell we are. We're the United States of America Folks. He does that every time. Oh, at any rate, anyway. And then he says that line, every time we're the United States of America, there isn't anything we can, it's the only line he remembers.


He tried the suckers and Luger losers hoax. And he couldn't even get that out. This is how bad a shape this guy is in the media has covered for him. Do you believe this story of this radio host Folks, I'm gonna tell you right now, gee, you've, you've done this so you can vouch for me and Jim. I know you're listening. Producer Jim. When we interview Donald Trump, they will reach out to us and go, Hey, You know, what are you guys thinking about? We'll be like, generally, yeah, immigration, the election. They've never asked us for questions. They've never given us questions. We some, matter of fact, most of the time we'll go into a different direction based on what No one's ever recycled.


You guys didn't ask about immigration or whatever. We never give them questions, ever. Send them maybe a few topics. That's it. And then most of the time we don't even stick to that. They have never given us questions. They've never even objected at all. They never Told anything was off Limits. Never. No. He's they've never been like, Hey, we wanna talk about immigration today and this new bill. They've never been like, no, no, we're not doing that. Ever. Folks, I've interviewed Donald Trump, what, 15, 20 times. They have never done that, ever. And he, it's, we never give them even remotely what the questions are. The Biden team's giving people questions.


Listen to this radio host, WURD, which you we find out unbelievably has now been fired for interviewing Biden. Can this shit show get any worse? This lady, I don't even think she knew any different. She went on CNN basically outed the fact that the Biden team doesn't believe in real journalism and feeds reporters questions. This is embarrassing. Take a look. Were those questions given to you by the White House? Or did you have or the campaign, or did you have to submit questions ahead of this interview? The questions were sent to me for approval. I approved them. Okay, so the White House sent the questions to you ahead of the interview.


I I've never heard of anything like that here. Here's Biden on, here's why. This guy, the mental condition man, listen to him here, folks. What is he saying here? That he's the first black woman president and Yes, I saw someone in the chat. The woman got fired. Yes, the woman got fired. You can't even interview Biden without risking your career. Here he is saying he was the first black woman or something. If you're gonna ask me in the chat, what is he saying? Let me just answer in advance. I have no freaking idea what Biden's saying either does Biden, here's the interview in question. Check this out. By the way, I'm proud to be, as I said, the first vice president, first black woman served with a black president.


I'm proud of the, the first black woman in the Supreme Court. There's just so much that we can do because together we, there's nothing. Look, this is the United States Folks. It's only getting worse. Can you imagine feeding an interviewer the questions and still screwing it up? He's still screwing it up and he is not going to leave. It is only getting worse. He, let's go to 0.2. He's not good at anything. Keep these three things in mind. He is not good at anything. Here he is doing a one-on-one interview again with Snuffaluffagus.


He's talking about losing, but it's not gonna be a big deal because he did the goodest job. What is goodest? Is that even a thing? When I make up words chat folks, what do I tell you? I tell you. I make that up. 'cause I like making up words. Humungo. I like making 'em up. He's not making this up. He thinks this is a word. Goodest. And. they, by the way, do you, they're trying to change this. They've been calling media outlets asking him to change it to good so he doesn't sound like an idiot. Listen to this, Mr. President. I've never seen a president 36% approval. Get reelected. Well, I don't believe that's my approval. That's not what our polls show. And if you stay in and Trump is elected and everything you're warning about comes to pass, how will you feel in January?


I feel as long as I gave it my all and I did the goodes job as I know I can do. That's what this is about. Listen, you want a little bit of an inside scoop on this? A lot. I shouldn't say a lot of people know this, but a couple of folks fed this to me. That's that clip there you just saw. We clear that one right? There is the one that has liberals and Democrat insiders completely pissed off. Biden really believes this is all about him. These Democrat donors who again, think they're trying to save the world from the Nazi Donald Trump or whatever stupidity they believe in, they're like, no, bro, it's not about you and your goodest job. It's about winning.


'cause what do Democrats crave? More than everything power. But keep in mind, 0.2, he can't do anything to save himself. There's an example of a one-on-One interview totally blows it. Here's an example of Joe Biden mixing and mingling with crowds. However, there's a side by side. Here's, I forget what we got this from you guys know, but Donald Trump. First, he's in a Chick-fil-A in Georgia. Watch him mixing and mingling with a largely black audience and then watch how Joe Biden handles this black female attendee at this event. He can't do anything, right? Nothing's gonna save him. Watch this. Check this out. Please Trump. First, Holy, natural, chill, Hugging.


Look now here, look at pipe. There's a young black lady right there. Walks right by her. Look, just sleeves her there. Poor lady. Can you come on the show? I don't know your name, ma'am. You're welcome on the show. How'd you feel about that? Totally bypassed. Oh, look at this. Here, let me take a picture with you. The guy can, there is nothing that's going to save Joe Biden. He can't fix himself. Lemme tell you something. I worked with Bill Clinton, okay? Not long. I was not on the detail. I was a post stand and stuff, but I was at enough events with Bill Clinton Hamptons events when I was an agent, bill Clinton. That would never happen. Even Obama was not Biden.


Why? Because he's too freaking stupid. He's not good at anything, folks. He sucks at everything. He can't fix this. I want him in the race, believe me. But I, I gotta be candid with, and he's not leaving until the donors make him. He sucks. That's why I want him in the race and just kind of 0.2 sub A. He lives in a bubble. Everyone around him. This is why you're probably thinking, how does, is this guy crazy staying in the race? Like what a lunatic. No, you don't understand. He lives in a bubble. Here's an M-S-N-B-C clip or whatever it is here. There. No, this is, I'm sorry. This is Stephanopoulos and Martha Ratts.


Dr. Jill. Dr. Jill, whatever the hell, whatever. Dr. Jill will not let him get outta the race because she's as crazy as he is. She loves the accoutrements of office, the power she'll. She doesn't wanna give that up. She knows she'll be the president next term. 'cause Biden's not mentally there. He lives in a bubble. Everybody's telling him he's wonderful here. Listen to them. If you don't believe me, check this out. Martha Rat, the president is talking to a lot of people, but he appears to be listening to a very tight circle, A very tight circle, and administration. Officials I have spoken to said that very tight inner circle is telling them he can win, that he needs to keep going. This, of course includes his wife, Jill, who they said is lashing out at those who want him to get out of the, That is a critical line.


A critical line. Take it, tattoo it on your brain. Brain tattoo. Todd, Dr. Jill will not let anyone around him tell him how bad he sucks. He doesn't think he sucks. He thinks that interview with George Snuffle, Lucus was a game changer. No. Yes, yes. I wanna show you something. There were three people this week that spoke up. Three people. I may have to skip ahead to one of 'em. Three people that spoke up. You need to be paying attention to. I'm not sure if you're gonna hear this anywhere else, but you're hearing it here. Number one, I'm gonna play right now. David Axelrod, folks in the chat.


Why is David Axelrod important? Yes, because I'm just pointing. Yes, but I don't even know if something's saying, because David Axelrod speaks for Obama. Just trust me on this one. I've told you it a thousand times. They're like this. What Obama can't say, Axelrod says for him. Second, Mark Warner, the senator. Mark Warner is the biggest deep state tool on planet Earth. Democrat, senator from Virginia outside of Obama. There is no bigger deep state tool. Mark Warner and Jim Clyburn, Warner, Clyburn, and Axelrod. These three are enough to potentially push donors out of the Biden orbit.


Warner speaks for the deep state. Clyburn got Biden elected by claiming to speak for the black community, and you're gonna see right here, Axelrod, just imagine Obama speaking. Listen to Axelrod in this clip and just envision Obama talking. 'cause this is his mouthpiece. Trust me on this one. Check this out. Well, the question is, did he change the minds of voters who were watching that? I, I don't really think so. You know he, Jim, I think the thing, and some of it I found sad, but he, he mm, he seems not to be able to compute the fact that people have these questions about him. He said, I have You know when George Stephanopoulos asked him if he'd be willing to take a cognitive test.


He said, I take a cognitive test every day. Well, the fact is, that may be true, but 75% of the American people think he failed. That's Obama talking. Keep in mind where we are in the show, we're talking about 0.2. This guy can't do anything, right, Biden, everybody knows it. Obama knows it. Dr. Jill knows it. One last point on this. He can't do meet and greets. He can't do rallies. He can't do grip and grin. Small events, big events, sit down, interviews. He can't save himself. Brothers and sisters, I've said over and over, I don't think this guy will be the nominee, but he is the obstacle and only the donors will push him out.


That is it. Here he is talking about big events, how he draws these big crowds compared to Trump. Watch Snuffaluffagus. In probably the only moment of the thing he actually challenges. I'm saying crowds. You wanna compare your crowds to Trump. He can't do anything, right? This idiot. Watch. What's your plan to turn The campaign around? Saw today, how many, how many features you draw crowds like hydrogen day. You find many more enthusiastic than today, huh? I Mean, I, I don't think you wanna play the crowd game. Donald Trump can draw big crowds. There's no question about that. How you can draw a big crowd. But what does he say? Who, who does he have? I'm the guy supposedly in trouble.


You are in trouble. Toolbag, 15 people show up to your rallies and five of them are family members and 10 are the press. Why did I play that clip? Anybody know? Because this guy is delusional. Stop thinking about this guy like a normal person. Oh, oh, I see all this commentary. Oh, he's gonna get out. He knows it's the end. He doesn't know it's the end. He believes that folks, this guy is crazy. He is an evil demonic guy. He is an absolute sociopathic narcissist.


I promise you, he believes that he can play the crowd game with Donald Trump, but then he sees there's nobody there. He sees delusions. Last point here and, but the most important one, I think with regards to at least the larger media ecosystem, the media's already turned on. This guy And, they can't unwind this. I'm not telling you they won't try. They will do anything. These communists and the media to keep power. Anything but I need you to understand that the stories have been written. I, I'll give you just a quick reminder. When I wrote a Spygate about Spygate on Donald Trump, obviously I cited constantly a CNN article about the British spying on Donald Trump and passing information to the us.


That article's still up there. They can't underwrite it. They wrote it when they thought Donald Trump was really colluding with the Russians And. they thought that was, look evidence, the Brits are involved too. That's how serious this is. Only later on when they found out the whole thing was a scam, where they like, holy shit, what do we do with this article? Nothing. You can't delete it. It only make everyone more suspicious. The media can't unwind this stuff. They are concerned right now about saving the House and Senate. They know the presidency, no red wave talk period. Vote like we're behind. I'm dead serious. They could cheat. There's gonna be a lot of scamming. Can't say that enough. However, the chances of them winning are very low at their minds.


In my mind, I think they can still cheat. Here's Ali Velshi and, and Congressman Castro and other Democrat lunatic. They've already turned on the guy. You can't unwind these clips. You can't pretend they didn't happen. They happened. They a look Assuage some of your concerns about his candidacy. Well, I think it's fair to say, Ali, that he was certainly steadier in this interview than we saw him in the debate, and even more so I think at the rally in the afternoon before he gave this interview today. At the same time, the overwhelming impression that I got from this is that you have a president that's basically in denial.


Denial about the decline that people can clearly see. They asked him, well, you know, have you declined in the last three and a half years since you became president and And? you know, he, he seems to suggest that he hasn't You. You can't make that stuff go away. They'll try. Don't think for a second I'm giving these idiots any credit, but just like Kamala Harris' clip about Joe Biden implying he was a racist. That stuff is out there and although it doesn't matter to you, what do you mean? It doesn't matter. it doesn't matter. You always knew Biden was a tool. There were Democrat donors out there that this stuff is gonna be hard to unwind.


The media's already turned and moved on. They're all acknowledging right now that conservative media was right. They weren't cheap fakes. Spygate was real. Collusion was a hoax. All this stuff we said was correct, but I said to you, this is critical. Please don't go anywhere. This is what you need. I want you to pay attention to these three people. Three people are gonna change the donor's mind and the donors are the only thing that's gonna push Biden. Now, I showed you one of them. It's Axel, rod only because he speaks for Obama, so let's just consider him an Obama, one person, Obama rod, okay? What Obama Rod says are gonna influence donors because the donors believe in Obama, not Biden.


We already played Axelrod saying, guy's, toast. Jim Clyburn is a critically important figure in the Democrat party. Many of You know the history. Joe Biden's presidential campaign in 2020 was done. He was done. He was losing to Bernie Sanders and Michael Bloomberg. South Carolina comes around. Jim Clyburn is from South Carolina. Endorses Biden puts him over the top with black voters. Biden winds up pretending to win the presidency. You get my point? If Jim Clyburn turns on you, he, that's it. The CBC will be next. This guy will be finished. Clyburn's not there yet. He's equivocated, but he's getting there. I want you to listen to this clip on CNN very closely where he mentions, oh, maybe we're open to a primary.


This is a huge deal. It's the clip of the show right here. This guy has a lot of influence with Biden and the donors. Check this out. Well, I think we are gonna have a many primary leading into the convention as You know because of the legal issues, especially involving in Ohio. It is my understanding that we will have some kind of a virtual roll call before the convention opens, and this must Be, but you envision somebody other than Joe Biden as a candidate. I'm sorry, being part of that. Yes, correct. That needs to happen for Ohio as we know because of the, because of the balloting issues there. But are you saying that you think in that roll call, which I believe has to happen before August 7th, I think is the day, perhaps it's the ninth, that there would be other candidates that this would be an expanded field.


There will definitely be other candidates. I'm just playing You know. I see a couple people in the shadow he supports, but I just told you he's equivocated a thousand times. The point is, if he supports Biden Resolutely correct, why would that clip exist? You have an explanation. The answer is he's getting pressure from donors to get this guy out because Biden listens to this guy. But this guy Biden should be very worried about not just Acts Obama, rod, not just Clyburn, but this was a big story. Now, this meeting's since been called off.


However, this story I'm sure was real. Washington Post senator Mark Warner works to gather Senate Democrats to ask Biden to exit the race. Why is it? Who cares about Senator Mark Warner? Why does this story matter? Well, if you read my book, Spygate and Follow the Money, you'll know that Mark Warner is the biggest deep state tool you've ever seen. Ladies and gentlemen, he's in Virginia. He is a senator. He is not far from CIA headquarters. This guy is a deep state tool and has been forever. Mark Warner was going to the White House before they called this off. Why?


Because the Deep State wants Biden out. Because they want Trump. No. What are you crazy? They don't want, they wanna beat Trump. And. they know Biden is their worst chance to beat Trump. They've already made the decision, the bureaucracy, the upper levels of the Bureau, the CIA, the people afraid of being investigated for their potential crimes. Under the Trump team. They absolutely have made the decision they want this guy out. I want you to watch in the coming days what Mark Warner does here, you want the receipts? Here's from 2021, new Senate Incel chief wants to reimagine a decimated spy agency who? Virginia Democrat. Mark Warner.


Follow the money kids. The deep states decided Biden's done. Now, I titled the show today. Will Biden Survive The Week. Predictions are like assholes, brothers and sisters. Everybody's got one who gives a shit. We're gonna watch and see what happens about who gives a shit about real. My prediction doesn't matter, we're gonna all gonna watch, but if you're asking me the shot he survives the week, I say 60 40, yes, he makes it through the week only because Dr. Jill and him are crazy and the donor money has to dry up and he's still got a significant bank account. I'm not sure he survives. I'm not sure he survives, and I don't think he will pass the convention and I'll play some clips on the radio later showing what I think is gonna happen.


He'll commute his son's sentence. He'll say he's not running again. He's gonna serve out his term, but he survive the week. I don't know. 60 40? Yes. We'll see. It's all dependent on Dr. Jill and the money, man. I miss you guys. So good to be back with you. Huge crowd today, man. It was 130,000 people. It's so good to see you on this Monday. Please do me a favor, download the Rumble app. It is absolutely free so you can join us every single day. Oh, think this, these guys, man. Oh, fancy little thingies going on here. You can watch us live on your desktop. If you don't want the app, that's fine. Just go to Rumble dot com slash bonino. Give us a follow. We're at 3.15 million subscribers. Thank you for making us a Top 10 podcast again, and please follow us on Apple and Spotify as well.


Helps us reach those potentially persuadable Democrats and others out there who come over to the show. We get their emails all the time. I'll see you back here at 11:00 AM tomorrow, and if you wanna watch the radio show on Rumble, I'll see you in what, three or four minutes. See you back here soon. Thanks again, folks. Appreciate it. You just heard the Dan, Bongino, Show.