
It's Monday and it's VINCE Today. We discussed the big elections going on all across the country this week with a particular focus on Wisconsin, which Elon Musk says, could decide the fate of the universe. Well, not quite the universe, but pretty close actually. Also, we're gonna talk about the lapse never ending blood thirst and how it continued throughout the weekend and into today. That will be once again, a, a feature of all of this. And we're gonna take a close look at what our buddy Dan Bonino is doing as deputy director of the FBI, because as luck would have it, he just gave us an update on this subject. It's all ahead on this edition of VINCE.


Now, before we get there, do you trust your internet service provider? Depending on where you live, ISPs may be required to keep logs of your online activity, just in case the government wants to take a peak in the United States. It's even worse. ISPs can legally sell your browsing history to whoever they want. So what can you do about this? Well, the obvious solution is to get a VPN and the one that I use is Express VPN. It's an app that reroutes my online traffic through encrypted servers so that my ISP and data brokers can't get their hands on it. But for this to work, you have to trust your VPN Express. VPN received over 300 data requests in the past year alone, and none of them resulted in any of their customer's data being exposed. Express VPN simply doesn't have any of their customer's activity logs. So if you want the VPN that I trust to protect my online privacy, get express VPN. In fact, you can get four extra months of Express VPN for free with my special link. Go to express vpn.com/ VINCE, that's E-X-P-R-E-S-S vpn.com/ VINCE to get four extra months for free.


Well, Good morning. How does everybody feel out there in the chat? I'm looking at the chat on Rumble, as always, lots of good mornings coming in. Good morning to the Bonino Army and VINCE show fans, people very excited. Avita just had a fantastic show just before mine as the raid takes you over to the VINCE Show and then after this to Steven Crowder. It's a great feature on Rumble. I had a fantastic weekend. I had I on on Friday, I wrapped up the radio show at three o'clock Eastern time, jumped in my car, zoomed home, and when I got back to my house, the, the great men and women of Jacked Up Fitness were there putting the finishing touches on the, the exercise equipment in my house this weekend.


So I, I have to say, I am so pumped about Jack Tub Fitness being there, my my wife, my kid, myself, all weekend long. We were swinging on this thing like a jungle gym, just like, you know, dips and pull-ups and chest presses and, and rows and lateral pull downs, anything you could possibly do. And my kid, she's a swimmer, so she was really excited to finally, I didn't wanna pay for a gym membership for my 10-year-old. So I said, well, what if, what if we had the equipment at home? So she was doing all sorts of swimming exercises, this, so trust me, I'll give you more updates on this as we go. But that was very cool. And then the whole team from Jack the Fitness hung out at the house on Friday night. I, I ordered everybody pizza, of course, with lots of meat on it for those people who weren't observing Lent no, no meat fasting for some of the crew.


They wanted lots of protein. So I said, fine, I'll just get a pizza with tons of meat on it. We did that. We sat around the fire, we ate some pizza, we had a few drinks. It was awesome. We had a really nice time. So props to everybody at Jack Up Fitness, wonderful people. They're like, they're all neighbors in Southern California. They live in the same community. They're very California, by the way. They're hilarious. I love them. And we had a great time Friday night, so thank you for that. Good morning. Good morning everybody. Okay, Wisconsin, I even at church this weekend, I had people coming up to me and they said, Hey VINCE, congratulations on all these shows. Can you talk about Wisconsin? Would you mind talking about this Wisconsin election? And, And I said, I've, that's what I've been talking about.


I this, I can't get enough of this Wisconsin topic and I can't get enough of this Florida topic. These elections this week are so critically important to the future of the country. I'll just, I'll shell Florida for a minute by just saying that there are two big congressional races going on in Florida to replace both Matt Gaetz and Mike Waltz. These need to go to the Republicans. President Trump needs all the space that he can possibly get in order to keep this House of Representatives in line. We don't need any more Democrats in the house. If you're in one of these Florida districts, get out and vote. Bring 10 to 15 to 30 of your favorite people all around you, even if they're not your favorites. Just get them to the polls and have them vote right now for these Republicans. Absolutely critical there.


Those races are a little closer than we possibly want them to be. Now here's the other side. Wisconsin. Wisconsin, we've got a massive Supreme Court race going on there. This is an open seat. And the guy that Wisconsinites should be voting for right now, going through tomorrow, election day, is Brad Shimel. This, this the guy who's gonna bring the most common sense to the court. And in very practical terms, it means that conservatives will control the court. People who believe in the rule of law, people who respect the voter, people who respect the law in Wisconsin, that's what we need. And Brad Shimmel iss the guy to do it. President Trump has endorsed him. Everybody's endorsed this guy who matters and he needs to be the guy to get over the finish line.


And I'm telling you right now, this race is about as razor thin as it can possibly be. And the Democrats are spending a lot of money to retain control of this Supreme Court in Wisconsin. Over 70%, over 70% of the money, the millions upon millions that the Democrats are brought in right now is from out of state. Democrats are looking to buy this election from outside of the state, dumping a lot of cash into this race, which means that in turn, conservatives need to try and bring some firepower to this equation. And this weekend, Elon Musk brought some firepower to this equation when he arrived in Wisconsin for a massive, massive rally that the left desperately did not want to happen.


Take a look at Elon Musk arriving on stage this weekend. Thanks For coming Ladies. What do you think of my hat? Alright, I'm gonna, I'm gonna sign the hat and I'm gonna throw it out. He's signing the hat. He is throwing it out. Mikey, you said people in Wisconsin really wear those like all the time. Every si Well yeah, it's a Packer games of course. But do people ever just wear them out in public? Do they like when they're getting their outfits ready for the day? Is it one of the hats they grab, they wear, you have one. So have you ever, Mikey, have you ever just worn it out and about, just strolling around?


No. So Elon Musk has actually Elon Musk more authentically Wisconsin than you are at this point. You might be All right. Well, there's Elon rolling around with the Cheesehead, which is really fantastic. That guy. He is, he is completely shameless. There he was on stage wearing the cheesehead appealing to the, the fine people of Wisconsin. It was a good event in a lot of ways, including this. This is a highlight that really stuck out with me. There was a pastor in the crowd whose son introduced him and said, Hey, my father's a pastor and can I, can I have him pray over you and over the country? And so this moment transpired at the rally, Please join me Bower heads and pray.


Gracious heavenly Father, we are thankful for our country. We are thankful that God does bless America and that God is the source of all goodness, love and provision. And that you, Lord God, have provided a great nation with great history. And although we've gone through many rough times, you're still very present and active with us. Thank you for protecting President Trump from that fatal attack. And we ask that you envelop and protect all of those who are fighting for justice, for freedom, for order for dignity, and to re reward people according to merit.


And especially put your hedge of protection around Elon Musk, around his children, around his whole entire family and all of his team members that all would do good and just by our country. Well, you can tell that wasn't a left wing rally. Couldn't you remember when somebody yelled out, I think it was Jesus's Lord, something to that effect at a Kamala rally. And she said, you're at the wrong one. I think your rally's down the street, does the life really wanna be defined by that? They really wanna embrace this whole, whole, like we're not with God thing. I guess they have embraced that, but it's sad, isn't it?


And meanwhile, a pastor can pray openly at a rally there with conservatives. Everyone bows their head in prayer and prays for protection over Elon Musk in our country, which was nice. It was a very, it was a nice event. Nice, nice moment. And I hope it deeply resonated with Elon as he was standing on a stage of, among people who were very appreciative of the effort that he's undertaking in Wisconsin. So kind of nice to see that Elon, I'll, I'll get you in a moment. Kind of the ways that he's trying to spur the vote in Wisconsin, obviously his presence there was the point of that. Yeah, there you go. That's the old Scott Presler of all people. Scott Presler was at that Wisconsin rally and oh, it was in Wisconsin that Kamala Harris did this.


And that's even a more amazing, so lemme just read from the Scott Presler tweet for those of you on the audio podcast, Scott Presler, this is some time ago, said, wow, at a Kamala Harris rally in Wisconsin, an attendee shouted, Jesus' Lord Kamala responded, oh, you guys are at the wrong rally. It was instinctual. And without hesitation, Kamala just made it clear that she hates Christians. He said, Scott Presler, how about that? It was in Wisconsin. Doesn't that seem like not a coincidence at all? It almost seems divine that all of this is connected. That was in Wisconsin. She did that. And, and Scott Presler was back in Wisconsin this weekend alongside Elon Musk and so many others.


The transportation Secretary Scott Duffy and SEC Senator Ron Johnson. Everybody there to rally support for this vote for the Wisconsin Supreme Court. Kind of amazing. I I not not sensing coincidences here. I think this is, this is very much on purpose. Alright, let me, let me get into some of the details though. So Elon Musk, of course, is heading up the Department of Government Efficiency. And these guys have been digging in and he used this opportunity very much like Trump. You know how Trump gets on a stage and he will just begin reporting on all of the things that he's been doing and learning. It's because these guys, they actually believe in being responsive to the voter, responsive to the American people.


They treat the adults who are in that room like they are adults and that they are voting Americans. Hey, you deserve a progress report. Here's Elon talking about how the left has been actually giving away your money in order to bring illegal foreign nationals into the country. Take a look at this. We also need to turn off the massive financial incentive for illegals to come to the United States and, and stay in the United States. And this is really the thing that is causing the Democrats to lose their mind. You know, because they're, they're actually spending at this point, tens of billions to attract and retain illegals in the United States. It's, it's really on that scale. It's a gigantic number.


And the goal is it, it is to turn all the swing states blue. That means Wisconsin. Yeah. So that's the goal. So with the asylum program, if, if they, they can get a green card within a year and then they can get citizenship as, as quickly as four years after getting a green card. Yep. The point is to rush people in, to make them citizens and to steal control of this country from you. The left has not hid that. By the way, a few moments ago, I said Scott Duffy, I was thinking Scott Presler and Sean Duffy and I merged their names. My apologies. Thank you to the chat for calling me out.


That's right. It's Sean Duffy, of course. Avita. I hope you're not watching. I'm sorry about that. Sorry about that. Yes. Okay, good. She just left. Thank goodness she missed that. Maybe she'll watch it later. So there's Elon explaining the left's game that they're trying to import foreign nationals. Look, the left is so dissatisfied with people who are in this country right now. They're like, well, where can we find people who actually like us? Let's bring them in. Let's bring in for our nationals. We'll grant them amnesty, put them on a pathway to citizenship and we'll take over the country this way. And even in the long run, if they don't end up voting, if they just serve as, as human shields for the left, if they just become bodies for the left, that's the way that the left can actually get congressional seats.


'cause remember the census just counts human bodies and says, okay, how many people live in this district? How many people live in this state? We need to apportion that many seats based on that. That's the way the, the, the census has done. And when Trump was in office in 2020, they tried to change this. As you well know, they tried to change this. They, they tried to make it so that the census would ask whether or not you were illegal. They wanted to establish how many of these people were responding to this are just illegal aliens and whether you're a citizen of the country or not. And the left bought it to and nail, they did not want this question in the census. And this is the reason why, because they're trying to stack the, get the decks against American citizens who aren't buying what they're selling.


That's what's actually happening. And so Elon lays out like, okay, one of the things we have to fix is we have to stop the magnet. We have to not let anybody just pour into this country, not create all these incentives for people to illegally immigrate into the country. And he says he brings up a guy on stage who helps him out here. His, his name is Antonio Gracias. He's a very successful business guy. He's a part of the Doge team. And Antonio Gracias gives an update on how the Biden administration has given out over 5 million social security numbers to illegal aliens who have come into this country. Take a look Once you're in the country and you've got asylum, do one of these pathways and we map the whole thing out.


You can apply for a work document. You file a 7, 6, 5, it's the work form. You get this form called the 7 6 6, that's the authorization. And then Social Security administration automatically sends you in the mail your social security number. No interview, no id, no interview. This is worth like, just reiterating it, it it's not that, it's not, people sometimes think that under the Biden administration that, that he was simply asleep with the switch. He wasn't asleep. They weren't asleep at the switch. He was, it, it it was a massive large scale program to import as many illegals as possible, ultimately to change the entire voting map of the United States and disenfranchise the, the American people and make it a permanent deep blue one party state from which there would be no escape.


Look, if I hadn't seen this myself, I'm not sure I'd believed it. I went through it myself and mapped it. And Elon is right. This is true. The defaults in the system from Social Security to all of the benefit programs have been set to max inclusion, max pay for these people and minimum collection, that's what's happening. Maximum inclusion for benefits for these people. So the numbers that were on those charts demonstrated that there were five and a half million Social Security numbers handed out to people who shouldn't be here, who shouldn't be here, who just crossed into our country illegally. And then they were assigned Social security numbers to join the social security program.


This happened under, under the last president, under Joe Biden. And so once again, for in a, in a million different ways. But when the left uses phrase, it's like they're undocumented rather than illegal alien, they'll say they're undocumented immigrants. That even that part is a lie. Undocumented, everything's a lie. They're not undocumented. They literally have social security numbers. They were handed out by the left. And so Elon on that stage brings out this, this gentleman Antonio Gracia, who does a great job describing all of these horrors, what's going on here? And an eye-opening moment, I think on that stage for that audience, for everybody who got a chance to see this.


So this is really, I mean, it is so completely appalling. Once again, not shocking but appalling. Not shocking, but appalling. This is the, the left's habit as they reveal what's going out with going on with these social security numbers. Elon Musk also as a way to get the vote going in Wisconsin this week, very similar to the way that he was giving away. Remember, remember during the Pennsylvania election for the presidential, he was giving away million dollar checks to people who merely signed a petition saying that they support the first and second amendments. Remember that? And the left was like, he's trying to buy votes. Well actually he's given away checks to just people who sign a, a petition.


That's all the petition says, I support the first and Second Amendment. And it's hilarious. It's genius because lefties are so angry about the first and second amendments that they wouldn't even sign a petition to support them in a chance to win a million dollars. It's such a great filtering mechanism because the left's like, I'm not signing that, but you could win a million bucks. No, I hate the first and second Amendment. There's no way I'm signing that you be could win a million bucks. Couldn't you just, no. Okay, so who did it in Pennsylvania? Trump voters. Trump voters signed the petition saying that they support the first and second amendments. It was Trump voters who kept winning a million dollars with each passing day. And now in Wisconsin, he's doing it again.


The left is trying to accuse him of buying votes. Oh, he is bribing people to vote. No he is not. No, he's not. Literally, he's asking 'em to sign a petition to say that they oppose activist judges that said, sign the petition saying you oppose activist judges and you too could win a million dollars. Check out Elon Musk giving away a million bucks on that stage. In Wisconsin, We have this petition, you know, to sort of against activist judges because judges should be in simply interpreting the law and not making the law. Amen.


So in appreciation for the support of people in, in signing this petition against activist judges, we just want judges to be judges, you know, which is a reasonable thing to ask for. And we're obviously obviously seeing like some crazy stuff in, in, in DC where, you know, it seems like the, it's like any, any federal judge can stop any action by the president, the, you know, the of the United States. Yep. This is insane. Like we, we, this, this has gotta stop, it's gotta stop at, at the federal level and at the state level. But let me first hand out two $1 million checks in appreciation.


So the first check goes to Nicholas Jacobs. Can you imagine you're at this event? You just want a million dollars? Woo. Thank you. Alright. That's a good smile. Don't you think you'd be more enthusiastic though, I guess. Take it if you want. We'll get, we'll get, I think we'll get a real one too. We'll get you a real one. Too funny, he handed out another one of those too, to a young woman who was there.


Really funny. I it is. You know what's amazing though? Every, both, both of the people who received the checks, they went on stage and they received them very like in a very sober professional way. Like a little smile, a little handshake, took the check and walked off. Like, I kind of wanted a little more energy outta the guy who just won a million dollars. Don't you think little like, you know how on the price is right? Everybody goes ballistic when they're just called down for like, just to go and have a chance to place a bid. What? They're crazy. And by the way, the show screams for that. The, the famously the show is literally looking for the craziest possible people. That's actually how Dylan Mulvaney ended up on the Price is Right? He is, he is the most eccentric human being ever so eccentric that he now identifies as a woman. But he, he went absolutely ballistic when he was on the prices, right?


And I don't know, I just want a little bit more energy. You know, you don't have to go, you don't have to go full Dylan Mulvaney. I don't need you to become a woman by the end of the, the check proceeding, but just, you know, show a little effort, huh? Huh. Look, I don't know your exact situation, but if you're like the thousands of homeowners American financing talks to every month, you're struggling to keep up, barely making ends meet, drowning in high interest debt. And it's not your fault. Life just got more expensive. Inflation hit hard. And if you're still carrying credit card balances with 20% or more interest rates while your mortgage sits untouched, you are ignoring the one thing that could turn it all around. That's your home. And this is where American financing can help. Well, you trade 10 minutes for a shot at saving an average of 800 bucks every single month because that's exactly what homeowners are doing when they call American financing A simple, an obligation call could change everything.


They have a team of salary based mortgage consultants, so there isn't any incentive to put you into a loan that doesn't make sense. And if there are no upfront fees to find out how much you can save, there aren't, don't wait. Call American Financing today and start feeling that relief. 8 8 8 8 7 9 64 60. That's 8 8 8 8 7 9 64 60 American financing net slash VINCE. Hey. Yeah. So yeah, a million bucks. I'd be so over the moon. Yeah. Work animal says I'd be completely happy and excited and hugging Elon if I won a million dollars.


G Watts. 86 points out, maybe the winners had already been notified and displayed their surprise and joy that that's right. Maybe they couldn't cook up another round of surprise reactions. They were exhausted by their earlier surprise at winning this. I'd be hugging Elon, thanking him, shouting, et cetera, says GD smack 1 47. Yeah, probably in disbelief says Rick's turd. So there you go. Lots of people reacting to all that on the chat and yeah, I I just think it'd be, I'd be going ballistic a million dollars. That's a huge payday. A huge payday just to sign a petition and show up at a rally. Amazing. Totally amazing. All right, so obviously Elon's in Wisconsin, because he's trying to get people to vote for Brad Shimel, he wants the Supreme Court to, to go sane right now is controlled by the left.


It needs to not be controlled by the left. It needs to be controlled by the right, meaning the right people who are gonna go in there and, and protect it. Because look, the, the court itself, the future of the court itself is really important because they are going to decide voting rules in the state of Wisconsin. They have cases involving voting rules and how elections are even conducted. And the other big one is that the court is on the verge of redrawing the district boundaries for congressional seats in the state of Wisconsin. And if the left wing court gets ahold of this, they will draw Republicans out of the map. That's their plan. Not to appeal to voters, not to win in a democratic contest. No. In order to exclude voters from the process and try and rig the system in such a way that Democrats are guaranteed two more congressional seats in Congress.


That's the plan that they have in front of them. So there's a, there's a couple here, a couple things here. One a million dollar checks were not the only things that Elon was giving away in terms of his own fortune. He also announced that he is launching a block captain program in Wisconsin for these final few days where people can receive money just to take pictures with other Wisconsinites holding a photo of Brad Shimel. Take a look at this. What what we're announcing is, is kind of like a, a block captain program where somebody can sign up to knock on doors in their zip code and encourage people to, to well make people aware that there is a vote and then aware of how important the vote is.


So you can sign up to be a, a kind of a block captain for your zip code on the America PAC website right now. Yeah. And if you do, it's, it's like basically 20 bucks for just taking a photo with somebody. It's pretty straightforward. You just knock on doors in your neighborhood and, and, and give them either a digital or a paper, you know, picture of, you know, justice spread, Jamal, it, it can be a bit an an approximation. It doesn't have to be exact, but, and, and, and they just have to say thumbs up and hold a picture of, of Judge Shiel and that's it. And you get $20. That's, it sounds it's pretty easy. It's easy money.


So, but the, the, the whole point of it is just to make people aware of the election and, and say that there is an election, it's on Tuesday and it's super important. Please vote. So There's an election this Tuesday. Okay? So I, and it's super important. Please vote. Just listen to Elon describe this thing. Did you ever hear Elon say you need to vote for Brad Shimmel in that sequence where he's saying, we're giving away all this money. Did like you need proof that you voted for Brad Shimel and then we'll give you the 20 bucks. No, he didn't say anything like that. He actually just said, just stand there and take a a photo with a picture of Brad Shimel and we'll give you 20 bucks.


That's all he said. That's, that's the assignment. And what is the point of all of this? Of course, to make every possible wisconsinite a keenly aware of the stakes of this election and to say, Hey, Brad Shimmel, that's right. I'm thinking about this guy. I should go vote for him. It would be the most obvious thing in the world. That's the conversation you're having as you're taking these photos with people. So this, this comes down to, this is a, a very specific form of compliance with election law, where you have Elon Musk saying, we're gonna give away this cash as a means to make people more aware of the guy who should be elected without telling people vote for him as a condition to receive the money. They're not saying that they're not bribing people to vote, they're paying them to raise awareness that Brad Simmel's candidacy exists.


Excellent. He says, you will earn 20 bucks for each Wisconsin resident that you recruit, and then they will receive 20 bucks too. You have to visit houses in your neighborhood and then send a picture either today or tomorrow. By the way, in Wisconsin, for those of you in Wisconsin, if for whatever reason you're not yet registered to vote, they have same day voter registration, go to the polls, register to vote, then vote. You can do it all right there at the polls. That can happen tomorrow. The picture they say must show the resident holding a photo of Brad Shimel with one hand and a thumbs up in the other. The picture can be either electronic or paper. They don't even need to print it. You just hold up a cell phone holding Brad Trimble's face on it, thumbs up with the other hand, boom, 20 bucks, the easiest 20 bucks you've ever earned in your entire life.


Pretty good. If you refer a hundred people, you can become a block general and you get an extra 200 bucks. So that's pretty nice. 20 times a hundred that comes out to what? 2000 bucks. Then you get an extra 200 bucks. That's $2,200 for doing this with a hundred different people. And if your recruited resident sends their own picture in the vicinity of a voting location, they just have to stand in the vicinity of a voting location. They're gonna receive an extra 20 bucks and so will you. That applies to only. So a lot of money coming in, Elon's got money coming in. In other words, to try and get people as close as humanly possible to the ballot box without explicitly saying, Hey, vote for Brad Shimel. We'll give you the money.


Really, really amazing. All right, more in a moment on what Elon Musk is saying about this Wisconsin election and the future of our very planet. He says the planet is on the line, but first one thing we conservatives believe in is self-reliance. Taking responsibility for your own wellness, your family, your future.


But when my sleep was off, it felt like I couldn't show up as my best self. Like there was something limited about my ability to even think. That's why I'm so excited to share something that's made a real difference in my life. Beams Dream Powder. Now Beam was proudly founded in America and run by people who share our values, hard work, integrity, and delivering results. Dream is a nighttime blend packed with science-backed ingredients shown to help improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is made with a powerful blend of all natural ingredients. Reishi, magnesium, L-theanine, apigenin and melatonin Plus Dream actually tastes incredible. So here's the deal for you. Dream is giving my listeners the ultimate patriot discount of 40% off. You can try their bestselling dream powder and get up to 40% off for a limited time. Go to shop Beam dot com slash VINCE show and use the code VINCE show at checkout. That's shop BEA m.com/ VINCE Show and use the code VINCE show for up to 40% off support an American company. Invest in yourself and start getting your best sleep tonight.


And nothing says American tradition. Like some old fashioned fudge created in small batches in the Smoky Mountains of Tennessee. This is more American than apple pie. Uncle But's. Fudge offers a tantalizing ray of delicious and intriguing flavors that will leave you craving more. They have classics like chocolate or creamy peanut butter, but they don't stop there. You can try the orange cream, the banana pudding, the rich strawberry cheesecake, or the dark chocolate raspberry for a taste that's anything but ordinary. Each bite is a taste of southern hospitality. Rich, creamy goodness crafted with passion and perfection need a perfect gift. Uncle Butch's Fudge is the sweetest way to show your love and appreciation, perfect for client gifts, celebrating employees, friends, loved ones are just to treat yourself. You can use the promo code VINCE and receive 15% off. Plus get free two day shipping on all orders of $30 or more. You'll find flavors for everyone that a great listener this weekend just messaged me a full blown video re review, review of Uncle Bush's budge. And he loved it, his family loved it. You will too. Treat your taste bud to a world of sweet indulgence with uncle Butch's fudge. Visit uncle butch's fudge.com/ VINCE today. Experience the magic of small batch fudge. Once again, that's uncle butch's fudge.com/ VINCE. Use the code VINCE to receive 15% off Uncle Butch's fudge, artisan crafted, amazingly delicious, fresh from their kitchen to your door.


Alright, one more glance at Elon Musk here. And then we, I wanna get into some of the craziness of the left this weekend, as they once again went on a protest and a tax spree against anybody who might wanna buy a Tesla or Tesla dealerships that continues and should be heavily prosecuted. Elon Musk said, cut eight here, that this election will decide the very future of our planet. Take a look. The importance of the election on Tuesday is gigantic. It could, it could decide the fu the future of the House of Representatives. It could decide that then the future of America and the future of the world. So it's absolutely critical that you really, you need to just drag friends and family to vote on Tuesday for Justice Shimmel and for voter id.


That's it. Vote for Brad Shimel and voter id. As Elon Musk points out, this is about the future of the whole planet. I mean, it is, isn't it? Doesn't it feel that way? I mean, from time to time, if you remind yourself what's actually going on, the future of our entire world depends on what the United States is up to, what our priorities are, who's in charge, and whether or not the voter is even being heated Right now, we are, right now, we have a good situation. We have Trump in office. How long can that last and can Trump pursue the agenda that you elected him for? If the Democrats can steal congressional seats in Wisconsin, if Democrats can prevail in Florida this week and take those elections using a whole bunch of outside money by the way in the process to do it, then that throws all of our progress into chaos.


And so these elections, if you're in Wisconsin, or if you know people who are, they're bad, as critical as they possibly can be. So a lot of prayers, a lot of effort, a lot of activism going on this week. Try and make sure all of those have good outcomes. Thank you for all of you who've been involved in this. Okay. I I do, I wanna get to more of this coming up in a moment, including the left's craziness. But I wanna first bring in a witness to the left's craziness. Miles Morrell is a reporter for the Daily Call News Foundation, who captures amazing video footage from inside the halls of Congress. Typically chasing down, especially a lot of these Democrats who refuse to answer questions and constantly run away from him.


But he also had the chance this weekend to go out to Tyson's Corner in Virginia where there was a huge anti Tesla protest going on. Joining me now in the studio. Miles Morell is here with me. Miles, nice to see you, sir, for having me. So you go out to an anti Tesla protest this weekend. These were organized nationwide. What did you encounter? Well, I encountered people standing on both sides of the road with signs. Some of them had profanity on them, some of them were, you know, just simply, and the oligarchy, there was one where it said big balls has, you know, your social security and things of that nature.


And there were about, I'd say 60 to 80 protesters in total. And about five minutes after I arrived, they immediately outed me as someone who they didn't want there. They got in my faces with their phone, they cursed at me. I in retaliation, took out my phone. And that's when a lady flipped me off and said, ha ha, you're so funny. And it was just a very unwelcoming environment. And they asked to see my credentials, which I believe to cover a protest or just about anything, you shouldn't have to need credentials because any, anybody can take out their phone and capture a moment. The phone is a very powerful tool. Yeah. And people should realize that a lot more. Yeah, for sure. You don't need credentials to capture something that's happening in a public space, although of course you have congressional credentials.


Let's take a look at the video that Miles is talking about. A woman getting into his face. Say that again fellas. Okay, go for it. Let's see this video of this crazy woman getting in miles' face just for covering the event. Here's the deal. You need to get outta people's faces. You get outta people's faces. You, people's faces come, you're in everybody's face. Sex wise is everybody's face. You're in everybody's face.


Who Is she yelling at her? That is Justine. She works with Media Research Center. I'm asking you. No, that's not the lawyer. You the, So this bitter woman who hates Elon is yelling at a media research center employee. That is correct. Okay. So that's the video of that, that woman yelling at the MRC girl and then she turns on you. She wants, she, she's like, anybody else wants some? And she said, miles wants some. So she turns to miles and she gives him this experience. Let's take a look at that guys. She's, she's very flagrant in this video.


The, the fellows are looking for it right now. They're, they're pulling it up from your feed, but she gets in your face and she starts popping her middle finger up in the air and starts screaming at you. And so you said, while we wait for the video, how did they identify you in this? Like you said that it was within five minutes they knew to turn on you. Well, I actually was wearing my congressional press credentials and they did take a look at that and they even took a few pictures of it when I wasn't looking. Some lady just snuck up on me and just put her phone close to my chest, took a picture of it and said, I'm gonna verify if these are real. And it clearly states which publication I work with and I guess it puts two and two together. I'm gonna verify if these are real.


Yeah, that was very interesting. So the people at these Tesla protests have like a verification process to figure out whether your credentials are real? You know, I'm not too sure. I guess there are these secret Tesla protest credentials that I was unaware of that you need to get. It's ridiculous. All right, here we go. Here's a crazy lady going after Miles. I'm doing with that video. What do you plan on doing with that? What? What are your credentials here that you're showing? So FLA Here. Oh, you wanna read them? They're right here. Go ahead and read them. News galleries. What is that? Oh, you're also a press right wing. Left wing. What is it? What are they opposed to the press now. What Happened with What, I guess they are against the three press.


Well they were, if you go to the very beginning of the video, that's where that young lady flips me off. Oh, is it right here? All right, take a look. What do you plan on? Oh, look at that. That's some high IQ communication going on right there. This lady's, she's really intense. Look at her in her pink scarf standing out there. Tyson's Corner Virginia. Did, did. Oh, that's great. You guys see this? Look at this. Have you been watching the studio Ghibli memes? I'm not even really all that familiar with those Studio Ghibli is other than this is the art that derives from it, which by the way is pretty good. That's amazing.


I love that it even got the hammer and sickle in there. Elon node to Tesla. I've noticed that at the protest. Were there a lot of swastikas and hammers and sickles and things? There were some hammers and sickles. There were some swastikas basically calling Elon Musk a Nazi and Tesla, a Nazi organization. There was this one side that said, I believe it said Tesla is fascist referring to speed. Like instead of saying fastest, they said fascist. And I was at the protest with my fellow DCNF colleague, Hudson Crosier. And he caught side of that and told me to get a picture of it. So shout out to him. Yeah, and you know, they just, a lot of swastikas, hammers and sickles things of that nature.


Of course at a different protest. I actually saw a hammer and sickle in the O of the sign spelled GOP referring to the Republican party. There was a hammer and sickle right in the middle of the O. Yes. Where it says GOP. Do you find it interesting that they're so good at drawing hammer and sickle and swastikas? Like they do seem like pretty neatly prepared. They seem very talented and they seem like they've been doing this for years. Yeah, probably in preparation for their so-called resistance revolution or whatever, whatever they want to call it. What kind of chanting did these people do? Were they was everything. So I'm gonna get into it in a moment, But it does seem like a lot of this is very formulaic. Like it's happening the same way all across the country this weekend. What did you encounter?


Well, one thing I've actually noticed this time around with President Trump's second term in office is that a lot of the protests have lost steam compared to his first term. I remember on his inauguration, during his first term, Antifa protestors were trashing DC They were ready to burn the city, to the city, to the ground. The women's marches today before drew in over a million people. Yeah. But this time around less than a hundred thousand. They renamed it the People's March. Not sure why they did that, but it's less than a hundred thousand this time around. Yeah. And on inauguration day, there were only really a couple dozen protestors saying we resist fascism and things of that nature. Yeah. Okay, well Miles, stick with me. I want you to see some of these. I'm gonna show you some stuff from across the country. So we just saw Miles's footage from Virginia.


I want to take a closer look at some of the other footage from around the country. Here's in Texas, cut 11, the protesters were out there in Texas for a little bit, and then all of a sudden they all leave at the same moment at 12 noon at noon hits. And they say, well, time to go take a look. Yeah. Kiss by pal. Thank you very much. Go back to Mexico. Point of view. Oh wait, a respect point of view. Yeah. Say across the border. Pedro, I respect your point of view. Yeah, we don't respect yours because yours is nothing. So I don't know. So the guy who shot that video footage, Carlos Turcios, I, I think that means he's an Hispanic dude. I think he's yelling at the other Hispanic dude that he needs to go back to Mexico and get outta the country, which is really funny.


But everyone, so Carlos noted that everybody was leaving at noon. That's not the only place where that happened in Columbus, Ohio. Protesters left exactly at 5:30 PM as soon as it turned to five 30, they left. Like they weren't gonna be paid for the next minute. So they just left. Do you get the impression that there may be an underlying organization behind all this? Oh yes, definitely. In fact, at the Tysons Corner protest, I remember me and Hudson went to grab a quick bite to eat, and when we came back there was nobody there. So they all must have left at the exact same time. It really makes you wonder, are they doing this in unison because this is their full-time job and it's time to clock out from their protest shifts.


Yeah, but and, and that wouldn't be new, I should tell you, in Washington DC you ever see the, the union picketing going on outside of a building. Sometimes you see circles of people walking in front of a building and they're all holding up union signs. None of them are actually union workers. I I'm telling you, invariably they're just paid protestors. They're literally, they're a renta mob that they put out front because the actual guys who are paying the union dues have no interest in walking around in front of the building holding up signs. So it's just a renta mob. They hold signs up and then you ask them like, Hey, do you work here? No, I was paid to be here, literally. But it's, it's just meant to cause a stink in front of the company. So this is the left specializes in this particular form of protest.


Okay? So we have, we have people leaving at very prompt times like they're being paid to be there and they're not paid and then they leave. You have protesters in Seattle, take a look at this. Cut 15 protesters in Seattle, Washington literally have scripts printed out in order to sing from them. Democracy must be protected. I know. Awesome. Democracy must be protected. Democracy must be protected. Protected democracy must be protected. All right, so they're all, they're chanting now that chant comes directly from a script that they're holding.


You can see it there a little bit. You see that script? Yeah. Would you pull up the Jason Rantz tweet that I fellas I put a Jason Rantz tweet in the notes this morning where he shows exactly this piece of paper that you're referencing in some high detail here. And they have it printed out in large fonts. Somebody printed out the script for all of the protestors. They're not devising these chants on their own. Somebody devised them for them and then they, they screech them through a bullhorn. So yeah, there you go. Look at this thing. Elon Musk. Go to Mars. We don't want your swats to cars. Isn't that, did, did you hear this one at all? Did you hear one of these? Not at the protests I was at. But I do know that at a lot of these protests, they have a similar script.


And of course they have their, you know, one line in the script that's unique to that protest only. But I have noticed a lot of the same chance, not just at these Tesla protests, at a lot of protests I've been to. Yeah, yeah. All right. So they've they're, they're all on script. That's how they're handling this. I also wanna show you, take a look at, this is a cut 16. There's a, there's a guy in a MAGA hat who was driving past one of these crazy protests. And this is in Columbus, Ohio. He's got a cyber truck and he, he decides he's gonna drive past these protesters, watch how ballistic they go, that he's both in a cyber truck and wearing a bag of hat, My fucking car.


You touch that shit again. I'll break your fucking fingers. Okay, Come on, I'll break your fingers. She says she keeps grabbing the car. Fuck you. I, or All these, all these people, single digit fingers. I feel very, very sorry for you. I feel sorry for you. What's the madman one you think about you at all? You out the road? I wouldn't be worried about that lady. She's threat.


They're all screaming at him. And that guy, he is so belligerent. He is just like, I'm just gonna stay here at this intersection and let them scream at me. Which I love. I love it. So, so isn't it amazing that we've gotten to the point where the left, which has been all in on electric vehicles for years, and Tesla was one of the patron saints. I mean, Elon was one of the patron saints to the left. Isn't it amazing that they're like, they're really attacking Teslas now. Miles, how'd that happen? It's a very interesting turn of events. In fact, I remember just a few years ago at the beginning of Biden's administration when gas prices were going up, they were lecturing everyone to just buy an electric car if the gas prices are too much for you. And now all of a sudden they hate electric vehicles. They're against Tesla, they're burning Tesla cars, vandalizing dealerships, threatening Tesla drivers.


And now you've got a gentleman in a magaha driving a cyber truck. And that just seems to set them completely off the rails. When just a few years ago they were encouraging people to buy these electric vehicles and they were convinced that it was going to be the future of driving within the next two, three years. Yeah, no, they sure were. In fact, Elon himself cut 12 here, said this weekend that the left has gone quote, totally psycho. Actually take a gander at Elon Musk. Look At this. This is video from the victim's Tesla camera. Not this, it shows a Green car pulling up Elon Musk 66, then swerving in front to box the Tesla.


Isn't it shocking how much violence and hatred is coming from the left? I mean, isn't this supposed, isn't it supposed to be the, the party that they claim to be the party of empathy and yet they're burning, they're burning Teslas and shooting up dealerships and calling for the death of the president and me. I'm like, guys, you know, this is, this is insane. Like they're to gone psycho. They've totally gone. Psycho scooter Mc Deter tells us in the chat, pro tip, you can buy Tesla hats and shirts off their website, trigger your local lib on a budget. Oh, that's pretty funny.


Yeah, these protesters are insane. In fact, the video that we were just about to play, I'll play now. Cut 17. This is a video of a, of a 61-year-old female Tesla driver being assaulted by a man who literally cut her off in traffic, boxed her in, got out of his vehicle, and then began punching her in the face while she was in the car. Take a look at this. Take A look at this. This is video from the victim's Tesla camera. It shows a green car pulling up to a Tesla on busy route 66, then swerving in front to box the Tesla in the driver then walks over to the 61-year-old woman in the Tesla. And reportedly starts hitting her while she's sitting behind the wheel.


At one point the woman says she bit the man's hand. Moments later, the passenger of the green car appears to walk over and pulled the attacker away. They finally get back in their car and Drive off. You know who that guy voted for? We spoke to the victim today who said she was terrified and can't understand why anyone would do this. I was just stunned and I wished that I would've had someone with me that would have protected me. I'm, I'm just, I'm just appalled. I I didn't buy my car for a political statement. I, I bought my car. 'cause it's really fun to drive and my politics have nothing to do with that.


And I'm, I'm just, I'm ashamed of our society and what they're doing. The victim along with the other Tesla owner who received a threatening node and text have both now signed up for a gun safety course at a above range north of Flagstaff. Right on. They tell us they don't feel safe right now and want to be able to protect them. Yeah. You know how this is gonna end at some point, somebody's gonna do something stupid like that and they're not gonna meet a woman who just has her teeth. Somebody's gonna open fire in the midst of all this. Somebody comes up to you and a win your window's open and they begin punching you in the face while you're driving your vehicle. Yeah. That, that's not gonna end. Well, that's gonna end very poorly at some point. So this guy apparently is in custody.


They've, they've figured out who he was, idiot. And you can tell, and you know, and I know who he voted for. I know everything about his politics. All I needed to see was four seconds to that video. And I know everything miles. It's crazy. Yeah, it is pretty crazy. And what's even crazier is, as that old lady had said, had nothing to do with her politics, this guy has never even met her. He doesn't even know who she voted for. She was just exercising her rights to purchase that car and drive it around. Yeah. And it's just insane that this guy just made an assumption on her just because she was driving a Tesla and he just decided to pull her over, box her in and physically attack her. And it's good that she took a, a gun training course.


I think, you know, the need for the Second Amendment is going to be on the rise, especially with the rise of political violence coming from the left, especially against Tesla drivers and people who support Tesla. So definitely, you know, the need for the Second Amendment is going to be greater than it's ever been. Yeah. Big time. Alright, miles, Morell, keep up the great work. I know you got a lot going on in Congress, constantly chasing these guys down. Follow Miles, Morell on X. You're gonna really enjoy it Miles. Thanks buddy. Thank you VINCE. Good to see you here. I I, I do want to give you some quick items, some remainders from Wisconsin. We, Scott Presler, who I spoke with this past week on the radio show about getting people out to vote in Wisconsin to stop all this madness.


He was at, he was outside the event, the, the voting event or the Elon event in Wisconsin. Here's cut tent. Scott Presler showing the line outside of the people just waiting to get in. Hey everybody, this is Scott Presler. I'm here in Brown County. We're getting ready for the Elon Musk event. And as you can see behind me, we have a line of people and we are gonna elect Brad Shimel on April 1st. I need every single person. You come out, you vote in this election. Let's, let's go, let's go, let's go.


I love this. You know, you know what that indicates to me. There's a late game swell of energy here. I know that the left has been dumping ungodly sums of money into this race and that it looks like a lot of the early voting advantage has been to them. But it is good to see some late game just oomph there. And Scott, when I talked to Scott last week, Scott was so dour about how things were going in Wisconsin and in Florida and he's a realist about this stuff. He just wants Republicans to win and he wants to make sure to maintain that energy even when Trump's not on the ballot. The reality is Trump's agenda is very much on the ballot. Your agenda is very much on the ballot. So some excitement there from him, excitement from the crowd to see Scott Pressler and a lot of credit in his direction and rightfully so for his effort to get people out to vote.


So that was really nice to see. And then finally from that election, Senator Ron Johnson cut nine. He was on stage this weekend encouraging Wisconsinites to make their voices heard. Every, every of every one of the 1.7 million Wisconsinites that voted for Donald Trump. You must come out and vote if you haven't already vote. Come out and vote on Tuesday. Talk to every friend and family member and neighbor that you know every email, contact every text contact, get them all out to vote on Tuesday. There's no reason that we can't have 1.345 million votes and easily win this election.


Yeah, yeah, it's huge. Say a prayer and if you're in Wisconsin, vote, vote, vote, vote, vote like crazy. I do have an update for you about a couple of, a couple of quick items. One is that NBC is in the midst of an all out panic about President Trump saying that he apparently conveyed to Christian Welker over the weekend that yeah, he might be interested in a third term. There might be some ways for him to have a third term as president of the United States. Now as it stands, I, I think it would require amending the United States Constitution to accommodate that, but Democrats were perfectly okay with Franklin Delano Roosevelt serving a thousand terms. So I think President Trump may be doing a third would be cool, but yeah, it would have to be through a change to the United States Constitution one would think.


But the other piece of this is just to, for your situational awareness, Trump has talked about this a couple times over the past 48 hours, and I have a feeling that there's a strategy behind this that isn't necessarily about actually running for a third term. I think he's like a guy with a laser pointer who is forcing the media to jump on it like a cat that gets distracted because Trump, this past week, I get the impression that he wasn't loving the stupidity of the so-called Signal Gate news cycle around Mike Waltz and Pete Seth and JD Vance, and who invited Jeffrey Goldberg and all that nonsense that the left was on this last week. So I, I sort of think that the third term chatter that the president is batting around with the press right now is meant to drive them absolutely crazy.


And it is having the intended effect. They're going ballistic right now. And I think, I think honestly, if, and I am being honest, I think the president's enjoying this. I think it's really, really good. And he's just having a fun time. So, we'll, we'll keep attuned to that. We'll, we'll keep an ear out for where that goes next. I know Steve Bannon said a couple weeks ago that, that people are devising plans on how it might be possible for Trump to get a third term, but in reality, he, he is creating such a great setup for JD Vance to become the next president of the United States. And lots of people really like jd. They like what he's doing there as vice President of the United States. Very impressed by him. But I do think, I do think Trump is yes, shifting the narrative like a master trolls says haunted house five, I think, I think he is too.


I think that's what's happening here. The other thing that I want to hit with you real fast, FBI, deputy Director Dan Bonino, our buddy Dan Bonino army, let me hear you. He acknowledges that there are concerns about the speed of change right now going on at the FBI. Take a look at this. I, I'd like for you to, to fellas, can you pull up Dan's tweet here, FBI, deputy Director Dan Bonino, he writes, in the best interest of openness and transparency, I'll be posting regular information. I updates on this account. The director and I are working through many of the transparency issues. We are focused on getting this done the right way and as quickly and as efficiently as possible.


Many of these cases involve victims, both young and old, who we will not allow to be re-victimized by a rushed and sloppy effort. We are engaging with all of our personnel on transparency, while simultaneously dealing with a number of serious threats to the homeland, our children, our economy, and our infrastructure. We absolutely cannot afford to miss any threats in those spaces. Multitasking is not an option here. So, again, to be clear, he's saying that whatever transparency initiatives they're undertaking, so say the Epstein files, for instance, I'm, I'm reading into this. I have no, no insider knowledge. I'm reading what you read. They're trying to make sure that victims are protected here as they release information to you that they desperately want to get out there.


They're concerned about threats to the homeland, threats to our children, threats to our economy, threats to our infrastructure. Dan's saying that means that there are threats to each of those things that are dominating their time and their thinking and their aggression right now. That is, take that exactly the way he intends it, which is we've got some real threats that we're really going after right now. You need to know that. He also said this, I'm well aware of some of the early concerns expressed on so social media about the speed of change. This is a message for you, by the way. He's speaking directly to you here. You're concerned, where's all the change we wanted? Where are the prosecutions we wanted? Where's all the disclosures we wanted? He says this quote, I understand, but I will state again.


If you think I upended my prior job and lifestyle to take a vacation in FBI headquarters, then I can't help you. You've already decided despite logic and reason, that all is lost. It is not, not even close because you don't see things happening in lifetime does not mean change isn't happening, not even close. You will see results and not every result will please everyone, but you will absolutely see results. It says Dan Bonino, just watch God Bless America and all those who defend her.


Dan, it's the deputy director of the FBI. Dan Bonino with an update for you, I believe. What does Dan usually say? Hold, hold. I think you should employ the Bonino rule here as we await what comes out of that FBI. In the meantime, thank you. Follow me everywhere you find me on social media. I'm all over the place. And make sure to tune in each and every weekday at 10:00 AM eastern on rumble.com/ VINCE. Join me in the live chat or get us on the podcast up next here on Rumble. You can hear from Steven Crowder. You'll be taken there next. Thanks for spending Monday with me.