
Everybody welcome Friday edition. VINCE, good to be with you and holy cow, breaking news overnight. As Israel strikes within the heart of Iran, we'll get to the details of what we know as a Friday morning. Also, we've gotta get to this ridiculous senator who nobody's ever heard of from California, Alex Padilla attempting to make a name for himself. He'd like his own George Floyd style nationwide rioting. Will he get it? We'll explore that as well. And importantly today, the Director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Todd Lyons, the Acting Ice Director, will join us right here on VINCE.


We've got a lot to talk about. When are we gonna get to 3000 illegals being deported each and every day, and what is going on with our ICE agents? How under threat are they right now? As you can tell, a very big show ahead. Thanks for being with us, as always, the best damn me audience in all of media, appreciate you for that. And let's do it.


How about that? Let's thank the sponsors today that includes the great people at Beam Beam. Thank you to Beam for all your support for this program. If there's something that all of us can believe in, it's hard work Self for Reliance showing up for the people who count on us. But a while back, I was in a wall getting terrible sleep and then dragging myself through that next day on fumes. And I knew, look, I gotta find something to get me outta that cycle. And that's when I found Beam's. Dream Powder Beam is proudly founded in America and run by people who share our values, love this hard work, integrity, and therefore delivering results. It's a nighttime blend packed with science-backed ingredients that are shown to improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. Dream is made with a powerful blend of all natural ingredients, reishi, magnesium, L-theanine, apigenin, and melatonin. Here's the deal. Beam is giving my listeners the ultimate patriot discount of up to 40% off. So you can try their best selling dream powder and get up to 40% off for a limited time. All you gotta do is go to shop Beam dot com slash VINCE show, use the code, VINCE show at checkout. That's shop b.com/ VINCE show. Use that code VINCE show and get up to 40% off.


Okay, so a couple things going on in my life. One, yes, it's Friday, so I'm in the home studio. So that means we've got our boy major hanging out with us today, major in studio with me. Always love having major by major's tired today because he spent last night being so excited. That producer Jim and his lovely wife stopped by my place. We had a, a nice dinner together. We were, we just, it was great. It was great seeing producer Jim all week. He was here in Washington dc he and his wife were, and we just had, we just had a total blast. And I think for those of you who are tracking producer Jim and, and Dan Bonino, they've got a great friendship producer Jim announced on the radio show that he did get a chance to see Dan this week.


And Dan, Dan says hello to everybody out there in the Bonino army. And he's, he's rooting you on just like you're rooting him on. So that a nice update there from, from producer Jim. And it was great to see him. Now, in the midst of our dinner last night, we were drinking fine bourbons and having a great time with one another. I'm starting to get all these messages on my phone that there's a war breaking out, that Israel is now striking Iran. And I went into the evening thinking that this whole show is gonna be about a ridiculous United States senator called Alex Padilla. Don't worry, we will get to you Padilla. But the, the, the breaking news overnight, of course is Israel did strike Iran.


And speaking of Israel striking Iran, I got, I do have to say to Israel's credit, the ruthless efficiency of the way that they strike targets that they want to take out is something to behold. They really know how to find the people that they're looking to kill. And they did it again last night. There's a check out some of this. You do have a bunch of major targets in Tehran that were hit here, including ham bagger is the commander in chief of Iran's military. He's dead now. He's dead. He's, You know, he's the second highest commander in the entire Iranian military. Behind the supreme leader of the Ayatollah Khomeni.


He's gone Hossein salami. They really had a guy called General Salami, the commander in chief of the IRGC. He's dead. He was that IRGC, the Iran Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. That's the, the key military force in Iran. So that guy's gone. They also got rid of the Deputy Commander in chief of the Armed Forces. They also got rid of the leader of the airspace unit of the IRGC. They also killed off a former Navy commander who was in the nuclear talks with the United States. This guy was responsible for overseeing our negotiations. So curious whether or not that's gonna put a, a damper on the negotiating phase with Iran and also a, a couple of scientists who are involved in Iran's nuclear program all taken out in these targeted strikes.


Not to mention that they were hitting Iranian military bases and Iranian nuclear facilities, including the main Iranian nuclear facility where they're doing in Richmond. So big strikes overnight from Israel And it, it's really a, that was a decapitation mission. They're taking out all of the upper ranks of the military leadership all at once. And it's left Iran, as you might imagine, scrambling to come up with some sort of organization about how they respond. Now, Iran this morning is promising massive responses. There's already been reports that they've launched a bunch of drones in Israel's direction as of this time. Right now we're at 10:06 AM Eastern Israel apparently is successfully stopping or at least mitigating any such drone attacks.


But we've got something, we've got a hot war of course, going on, and Israel has really been on the receiving end of a hot war because Iran's proxies, Hamas and all, and Hezbollah and all these crazy terror groups have been attacking Israel. So this, this just continues, but here's what I wanna know this morning, and here's what I want, You know, of course, I think what most of us wanna know, where does it go from here and how do we see to American interests in the midst of all of this? Because that's our central concern. I get what Israel's trying to do, but our central concern is what is the right thing to do for America? And I have to tell you, yesterday the president of the United States spoke about the possibility of military conflict of an Israeli strike.


He was asked by Peter Ducey at a press conference yesterday about, about negotiating with Iran and whether or not an Israeli strike would change things. Here's what the President said yesterday, just hours before the actual strike took place, take a look here, this will be cut 15. The president of the United States saying he wants a deal with Iran. Look, I want to have an agreement with Iran. We're fairly close to an agreement. We are fairly close to a pretty good agreement. It's gotta be better than pretty good though. But it's gotta be, I much prefer an agreement as long as I think there is an agreement, I don't want them going in because I think I would blow it might help it actually, but it also could blow it.


But we've had very good discussions with Iran. Whether or not we get there, I can't tell you, but it'll, it'll happen soon. I I say this, Peter, very strongly, they can't have, whether it's going in or not going in, they can't have a nuclear weapon. Can you tell us? I prefer, I prefer the more friendly path. He says he prefers the more friendly path. Now, I will say also in that press conference yesterday, the president said that he's concerned that if Israel goes in, they may ruin the prospect for a deal. That's what he said yesterday. If Israel goes in, they could ruin it. He also said it might actually improve the odds of a deal too. So he is kind of leaving that up in the air.


But this, what I'm concerned about this morning is, first of all, You know, Iran, you're idiots for not making a deal with the president in the first place. The president gave you 60 days now, 62 days ago, and you never made a deal. He gave you that ultimatum and You know, apparently you let it ride out. And now of course, Israel is taking advantage of this opportunity to say, okay, that, that window's closed. So let's go after a run. Also, Marco Rubio released, i I would say a very important statement on all of this. Overnight tonight, Israel took unilateral action against Iran. We are not involved in strikes against Iran, and our top priority is protecting American forces in the region.


Israel advised us that they believe this action was necessary for self defense. President Trump and the administration have taken all necessary steps to protect our forces and remain in close contact with our regional partners. Let me be clear, Iran should not target US interests or personnel. That's Marco Rubio. So Rubio coming out last night, issuing, I think a pretty clear distance statement saying, look, Israel's doing this on their own. It's up to them. We were not involved in these strikes. He said, now does that mean that US intelligence was not involved in assisting Israel? Well, no, he didn't say that. He just said we were not involved in strikes against Iran.


And then importantly here, the administration is giving this warning, don't touch an American service member. Don't touch Americans, Iran at all. Now that said, Iran is this morning blaming both Israel and the United States saying that Israel's attack was only made possible by the United States. So we will keep tracking this. The president of the United States talking to Benjamin Netanyahu today, we're also, we also know that he's be receiving a big national security briefing this morning. So whatever other developments come out of this, we're gonna keep track of. And as always have, You know, hopefully, You know, we can trust the president here.


Trust that the president's gonna focus on prioritizing what's in the American interest here. What we, what can we do to look after our people here and to hopefully contain this conflict. Lastly, on this issue of whether or not Israel was freelancing as they took this strike, 'cause president, the president was saying, look, this may jeopardize negotiations. If they do, Steve Woff is still supposed to do these negotiations this weekend, that the State Department, the, the United States government is saying right now that he still wants to go to Alman and meet with Iran to have these negotiations. But I do think that the prospects for that have dimmed dramatically, especially with Iran now saying that the United States is to blame for the attack.


So again, we will keep tracking them. All right, here we go. We've also got the, the these ludic. Have you noticed that one of the only reasons you are aware of the names of so many Democrats is because of how idiotic they act in public, that it has nothing to do with their positions of leadership. It is whatsoever. It has nothing to do with them being, You know, like, like good negotiators. It's just how stupid can they be? You know, You know that congressman thar the guy who's trying to impeach Trump all the time with the funny Indian accent. He's, the only reason we know who he is, is because he's trying toe trump all the time. And he is got a funny Indian accent.


Accent. That's the, the truth. Jasmine Crockett, You know, a OC these people are ludicrous figs. Eric Swalwell and his Fang Fang episode, one of the only reasons you're aware of them is because of how mentally ill they are and how much that that is on display in, in public. And so yesterday, another Democrat tried to join their ranks. His name is, is Alex Padilla, he's a United States Senator from Canada. If I were to, to, to just show up and ask you, hey, quick name a United States senator. Did I say Canada, California name? A United States senator from California. You might be able to pull up Adam Schiff old pencil neck. Another one of these guys who's only known for being mentally ill in public.


Adam Schiff. But the other guy, who's the other guy? Is it a guy? Is it a girl? Who's the other person who's a United States senator from California? It's Alex Padilla. Apparently, apparently it's Senator Alex Padilla. And this detail was so poorly known that yesterday when he showed up to a press conference that, that Christie Noam, the DHS secretary was doing, no one knew who he was. And so security tackled him. Take a look. Cut to here's California Senator Alex Padilla, in a desperate ploy for attention barging into a press secretary for the dh, a press conference for the DHS secretary and then heckling her. Look at this Senator Alex Padilla, I have questions for the secretary because the fact of the matter is a half a dozen I criminals that you're rotating on your, on your, I also wanted, many of our highs have been docked for doing their duty.


I, oh, I had a good belly laugh when I saw that yesterday. That's so, that's so funny and so freaking well deserved. Unreal padilla's padilla's an absurd figure. Now that, that seemed relatively nice, they just grabbed the guy by the armpits. They brought him out in the hallway, by the way. They put him down on the ground, they put the handcuffs on him. They were gentle with him, and they took him outta the room. Now for this, he wants to be the next George Floyd. He wants this to be an international incident. Alex Padilla is demanding riots and protests and street violence, obviously implicitly, he, this is what he wants. He wants to be martyred for all of this. That was padilla's behavior yesterday. And I'm just laughing at this because it is so preposterous.


What a, what a silly stunt on the part of this Padilla character. Now, Padilla, just to take you through everything that starts happening. So right away, he starts fake crying. He walks outside of the building. He's, he's released from custody, he walks outside of the building, gets in front of some microphones, and he starts fake crying when recounting the trauma that we all just witnessed. I can't even believe that that was practically a war crime. Take a look at Padilla and what he had to say. This is how the depart of Homeland Security responds to a senator with a question. You can only imagine what they're doing to farm workers, to cooks to day laborers out in the Los Angeles community and throughout California and throughout the country.


He's crying. What a what a wus what a, what a scam this is. So he is cooking up some crocodile tears in the midst of all of this. Really, really funny. And then every other Democrat was just ready to go yesterday. All the other Democrats, they all had prepared statements ready to go. They were, they were firing off like crazy. Here's Adam Schiff spazzing out on the Senate floor over Alex Padilla, his unknown Coe from California being detained for being a psychopath. Here's Adam Schiff. I just watched footage of our colleague, my California colleague, Senator Alex Badilla, being forcibly removed from a briefing by the Secretary of Homeland Securities staff.


He went there to observe and to ask questions. And I watched with horror, horror on this video, seeing these video agents grab my colleague, my fellow senator from California, grab him. What, what'd they do? Senator, Pushing out of the hearing as he was identifying himself as a US senator. Bring him into a hallway, bring him down to the ground, bring his arms behind his back. I saw this happen to my colleague and I am, I am shocked, Shocked By how far we have descended. Oh, What a Loser. In the first 140 days of this administration.


Oh, at an actor. Okay, so have you noticed by the way, that the most exercised, that the two senators from California have become, is over a publicity stunt where one of them was temporarily detained for looking like he was headed for the DHS secretary. Of course, the security's gonna stop this rando from doing this. Nobody knows who you are. Nobody knows who you are. And so, and, and what is, what's the phrase we use? Nobody is above the law. Nobody is above the law. I don't care for you. United States Senator. This is like the Maxine Water stunt that she tried to pull earlier this week when she was trying to invade a federal facility. And then she said, oh, I'm here with my Congressional authority. I don't, what do you think this is?


You don't just chant, You know, open sesame and all of a sudden the door pops open. Who do you think you are? No, nobody's allowed to pour into this. Get in touch through the proper channels. And so this is what these guys are doing. They're like, it's an utter clown show. And, and of course, so all the clowns are out. It's not just Adam Schiff, Elizabeth Warren. The fake Indian was warbling her discontent into a selfie camera as she, oh, this is, this is awful. What's happening to our country? Take a look at Elizabeth Warren here When Senator Padilla gets pushed, shoved, thrown to the handcuffed because he is asking questions, because he is engaging in the very oversight that senators are supposed to engage in Oversight.


And What we're really talking about here is a Trump administration that just wants to shut down the ordinary functions of government. Look, That's her party. That's her party that wants to do that. She's, you listen to her, she's unreal. She's oh, oh, oh. I just couldn't believe what's going on As her party, You know, tries to arrest Trump over and over. This is what a bunch of phonies, they arrest Trump. They do mugshots of him. They've got some, the multiple lefties try to assassinate him. They, they pretend like none of that's ever happened. It's, it's the right, it's the right, it's the conservatives, it's the Trump people. They're threats to democracy. They screech. And that's Elizabeth Warren adding her goofy voice to the chorus of nonsense yesterday, trying to make Alex Padilla a thing, trying to, nobody even knows who he is.


I'm sorry, what are you talking about? So there's Warren. When has she ever lied about anything other than her entire heritage? Other than that, when has she ever lied about anything? There she is. We have Pete Booted edge as well, moping on camera over the arrest. Isn't it amazing that they all went right to their selfie cameras right away? They all, they all had indignant selfie videos to release. Here's booted Edge. Edge. Hey, it's Pete, like so many people around the country, I just saw something that made my stomach turn something I didn't think that I would see even under. But he's not talking about Jerry Nadler, A United States senator pushed to the ground and handcuffed after asking questions.


The federal government official. What are we supposed to do about that? Yeah, well first of all, we name what just happened, Name it baby. Which is that the Trump government has crossed one of the reddest of red lines that can exist in a free society. What a goofball. Any his entire party has crossed the red line Or American greatness is completely hollow If you do not respect the freedoms that that flag represents the Constitution. What a scam That directs the course of this country. Don't you love this right? Enough of this guy. Don't you love that they're waving the Constitution in your face. Don't You know the Constitution? Yeah, actually it's our side that knows the Constitution.


It's our side that's deeply familiar with the constitution, has a lot of respect for it and a lot of respect for the founders of this country. It's your side that's crapping all over it on a routine basis. And so one of the laws of this country is you don't get to get to go barreling towards the Secretary of Homeland Security. And it is an obligation of the security around her to protect her from that. Here's an update from the Deputy director Dan Bonino on all of this, of the FBI. He said, with regard to the incident in LA this afternoon, the senator in question was not wearing a security pin and physically resisted law enforcement when confronted, oh, our FBI personnel acted completely appropriately while assisting Secret Service and we are grateful for their professionalism and service.


Now, I have to tell you something about this statement from Dan. This, I read this statement and I once again, I don dunno why I get so amused by the news. But I laughed again at this yesterday because I was thinking, just imagine if this was like podcast Dan, what he would be saying he would, do you think it would be, I love that this is like an official statement from Dan with regard to the incident in LA this afternoon. It's very buttoned up. What would podcast Dan be saying right now? Fuck around. Find out this is that's, these are the consequences. Go ahead, barrel towards the DHS secretary and see your ass get laid out. They were nice, they were gentle with Alex Padilla. And there's, there's Dan Bonino, but the official statement yesterday, really, really funny.


Okay, that's, that's, those are some of the updates. Padilla, well, I've got, I've got more for you. I, I can't, I can't help it. I've got so much more for you actually on this. We're gonna get to that in a second. And also, You know, Padilla, who's being silenced is like all over cable news now. Really, really good.


I gotta thank the, the great sponsors of this show. You've heard me talk about Patriot Mobile for a while now. You probably already know that for years they've stood in the gap for every American who believes that faith, family, and freedom are all worth fighting for. They are the real deal. But did You know that they've got cutting edge technology as well? Switching is so easy. There's no store visits, there's no hassle. Keep your number, keep your phone or even upgrade. They're 100% US based team can activate you in just minutes right over the phone and get this. Patreon Mobile's one of the few carriers with access to all three major US networks. That means exceptional nationwide coverage. Plus they can even put a second number on a different network on just one phone. It's like carrying two phones in one. I have this, you should do it too. It's awesome. They've got unlimited data plans, mobile hotspots, international roaming, internet on the Go devices and home internet backup. You can't get all of this from the big guys. So what are you waiting for? Make that switch today and experience the Patriot Mobile difference. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE or call 9 7 2 Patriot and right now use the promo code VINCE for a free month of service. Switch to Patriot Mobile and Defend Freedom with every call and text you make. That's Patriot Mobile dot com slash VINCE. Or call 9 7 2 Patriot nine seven two Patriot Love Patriot Mobile.


That is, I do think that the Dan statement is really funny because it's just, it is, it's Dan's gotta do the government version of Dan right now. But, but there he was. Loves seeing that. Okay, let's, let's get into some of the other goofballs who are trying to turn this, what's the guy's name? Padilla. Alex Padilla. Again, never heard of this guy. Jamie Raskin released a video of himself mall walking across the Congress. He's, he's a speed walker now. He was walking, he was, he was storming towards John TH's office. He even buttoned up his jacket for the occasion. Look at this. Look at this guy.


Oh, this is, oh, this is serious. Look at him. Look at the serious face. He's walking. This is, there he goes. He's He's, he's walking very seriously. That's a clear sign that this is a big moment in American history when you get Jamie fricking raskin. And he wasn't even wearing his durag yesterday. The durag was off baby. As he's very, very intense look at him. I imagine, I can't even imagine how intimidated John Thune was when, when Jimmy Raskin got to his office. What a, what a whack job. Look at him. Oh, oh, I'm shuttering.


Oh, that's unbelievable. There's, there's, there's Raskin yesterday. So Raskin did some performative walking and then Eric Swalwell, Fang Fang's lover did well, he called for Nationwide Street Chaos on Saturday. Take a look. Here's Swalwell calling for nonsense. Lemme Say is is the, the second most senior member of Homeland Security. Christy no needs to come to our committee and answer questions. Ice needs to show their faces. No more masks like 1800 bank robbers or Russian KGB agents in the streets and stop terrorizing families. So what can you do at home? It's no King's Day this Saturday.


2000 rallies across America. Americans need to show up. 'cause if we don't show up, democracy dies. Democracy dies. Democracy. So there's, there's Eric Swalwell. I was thinking about Eric Swalwell this morning. Unfortunately, the do you ever feel bad for Fang Fang in that saga? Like I realize Fang fang's a Chinese spy and I'm totally opposed to the CCP and her role in advancing its cause. Do you ever feel bad that she's the one who drew Eric Swalwell out of the hat? Like when they were picking American targets in China, they were like, okay, who's everybody gonna go after here?


Fang Fang pull a name and she reaches into the hat and out pops Eric Swalwell. Do you think she sighed and her head dipped into her chest and she thought, okay, for my country, I'll do it for my country. She heads off to the United States and she has to sleep with Eric Swalwell. And again, she's an intelligence agent. And does Eric Swalwell have something useful to share about the United States? Does he know anything? Like, imagine she went through the whole disgusting process of consummating that espionage, that, that spying and she got nothing out of it.


I, I feel bad for Fang Fang. I can't help it. I'm sorry. I'm looking out for Fang Fang here. I I know I shouldn't be, but I just can't help it. I feel so bad for her that she, she pulled the short straw. She ended up with Eric Swalwell. Did she really have to sleep with him? Like, don't you think she could've cut it off a little bit earlier? You know, I mean, I've, I've kind of feel like Eric Swalwell would just bat for a couple, fall for a couple of eyelash bats. I don't think she has to go all the way, but she did it, she did it for her country. And that's, that's commitment to sleep with Eric Swalwell. So anyway, poor one out for Fang Fang that she had to deal with, that I feel bad for her. That, that, that's rough. Okay, so that's, that's swalwell As far as Padilla's concerned, Padilla rushed off the M-S-N-B-C yesterday.


Alex Padilla, again, he's a United States senator from California. For those of you who are completely unaware of this goofball, here he is rushing off the M-S-N-B-C saying, yes, I, I am a hero, but not only am I a hero, but Trump is evil. Take a look Question. How are you? We all watched the video. We saw you taken to the floor by those agents. How are you doing? Yeah, look, I I, I'm okay. I've been on the phone off and on with kids, right? 'cause my kids we're travels fast in this day and age with the technology to make sure that they're okay. But I think most importantly look at him is the outrage that I hope people feel if this can happen to a United States Senator for having the audacity to ask a question of the Secretary of Homeland Security.


The same questions for in request for information that we've had, not just the last sort of week or so, the activity in Los Angeles, but since the beginning of the administration. Then just imagine what can happen to anybody in the country for that. Yeah, Just imagine, just imagine I'm a powerful United States senator. I'm one of the most powerful people on the planet. If it can happen to me, it can happen to anybody. What do you mean? If it can happen to you, it can happen to anybody you're sending, first of all, you got gentle treatment. That was like concierge treatment yesterday. You, that's like if the, if there's an equivalent that's like access to the elite lounge at the airport in terms of law enforcement.


Those guys were gentle and polite with you. They didn't give you the January 6th treatment. There was no SWAT team showing out outside, showing up outside your door. There weren't police boats showing up in the canal behind your house like they did to Roger Stone. They didn't throw you in leg irons like they did to Peter Navarro. They didn't send, You know, the like fully armed kidded out agents after you, like they did to, You know, Christians who were singing church hymns outside of abortion mills. Please spare us your sob stories. Notice all the injuries all over his face and how damaged his body is as a result of his horrific traumatic experience. Oh wait, he's not damaged at all. He's, he's, he's glowing.


He's looking as Doy and put together as ever sitting on an M-S-N-B-C set, singing sob stories about how roughly he was treated. Please. Again, a joke. Finally, I have one more thing I wanna show you, and then we we're gonna move on to our, our great interview with the, the ice director speaker Mike Johnson deserves credit for not falling for any of this crap. Yesterday. There was a moment where I thought republicans might fall for it. Like, oh, I, I wanna, we wanna investigate how law enforcement treated the United States Senator. We wanna make sure everything was done correctly. And instead Speaker Johnson said, I'm not playing with any of that nonsense. Padilla is acting like an idiot. Take a look. Cut 12 Doing that.


The federal agents go too far the way they treated Senator Padilla today. Was that a bridge too far? I I saw the same video, a very brief video that I think many people did. I think the senator's actions, my view is it was wildly inappropriate. You don't charge a sitting cabinet secretary and, and everybody can draw their own conclusions. You can see it's a heated debate here If you, Some of these people heckling you here, Mr. Speaker, I'm not gonna respond to that. Look. Lemme just, hold on. Wait just a second. Do you think there, I think the American people can draw their own conclusions. They saw a senator acting like a wildly inappropriate, I'll leave it at that. Yeah, good for Mike Johnson. Good for Mike Johnson for not taking the bait. You know how often Republicans would take the bait on that story?


Oh, well, You know, after a full investigation, we'll get all the answers on what exactly went down. No, we saw the video. Don't be stupid. Just answer the question. And he did so good for Speaker Johnson. I love, I love that response yesterday. Let's keep that going.


Alright, more in a moment. I've got the coming up in just a second here. I've got the acting ice director. We gotta talk to him first. Gotta thank the sponsors of this program, including Bone Charge. I've been using that bone charge infrared sauna blanket. I got a sauna at home. Isn't that cool? A sauna blanket. And my wife uses the red light face mask Ever since they sent them to us, we can't recommend 'em enough. I love the sauna blanket because yeah, it's a sauna. It helps with muscle recovery, detoxification. It's a total game changer in the house. It's easy to use it. Just wrap yourself up. Let that infrared heat work. Its magic. And I noticed it's created a real difference for me and how I rejuvenate, how I relax. It feels great. And that red light face mask, my wife adores it. She's using it every single night. She's seeing great results from it. It's like having a mini spot treatment right at home. Now, If you're thinking of trying these out as well, good, you're in luck. Head to bone charge.com, BON charge.com. Use that code VINCE at checkout and you'll get 15% off. Both of these products have made such a positive impact on helping me and my wife. I'm sure you're gonna love them too. Use the code VINCE at bone charge.com to save 15%. These statements and products have not been evaluated by the FDA. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or condition.


And also blackout coffee. I've got the Blackout coffee shirt on today. The blackout coffee running through my veins today. I love Blackout Coffee. They're a great sponsor of this program. The owner, a fellow called John, he's a great American, he's the real deal. And he built a great company Blackout Coffee from the ground up. They don't compromise in quality or values. This is America First Coffee Roasted Fresh right here in the United States. No woke nonsense. Just bold, strong coffee for people who actually enjoy coffee and get stuff done. And as You know, blackout Coffee has been the official coffee of everybody here at Silver Lock. So, You know, this is a brand that stands for the right values and it's a great cup of coffee. It tastes so good. Here's the deal, John is hooking you up as well. Head over to blackout coffee.com/ VINCE. Use that code VINCE, that's VINCE, you get 20% off your first order, whether you like whole bean ground or even instant coffee that doesn't suck. Blackout Coffee has you covered. Support a company that shares our values. Blackout coffee.com/ VINCE, use the code. VINCE, get 20% off your first order. Baby Blackout Coffee. Thank you to Blackout Coffee.


Alright, let's dive into it. Let's talk about the immigration agenda with our next guest, the acting Director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Todd Lyons joins us on the show, sir. Great to have you with us today. Thank you for doing this. Thanks VINCE. Appreciate it. Thanks for having me. Sorry, sorry I wasn't here yesterday, but you kind of saw we were a little busy in la I could tell you are very busy right now, and I, and I, I have a lot of appreciation for that. So let's, let's just dive into what is going on first and foremost. I've been talking a lot about the threats to ICE officers and the number I keep seeing is that, that assaults on ICE officers are up over 400%. Give us some perspective on that. What is going on with the guys who you have out in the field right now?


Well, that's one thing, VINCE, that's really kind of troubling for us. You know, I got asked the other day, what keeps you up at night? And the assaults on ice officers are through the roof. Like you said, we're at 413% since January 20th. Every, everything from officers being run over on traffic stops, knives being pulled out, punched in the face, You know, go to LA Now, we've had, You know, officers and agents, one had a rock through the windshield, broke his hand, cut him up pretty bad. Another officer took a firework off the foot, burned his whole foot. It, it's, You know, they're out there every day. The men and women are vice are out there every day and they're encountering such, You know, violence rhetoric, the doxing, the threats, it, it's really, really bad.


And all they're doing is they're sworn law enforcement duty, right? Like they're, they're just like any other law enforcement officer out there on the street every day. Yes. Yet, You know, they're getting punched. You know, we had a traffic stop up in Boston where it was a van full of individuals. One was an egg felon. The driver got out with a box cutter, started trying to slash agents, which wasn't even ICE agents. It was a few ICE agents, but F-B-I-A-T-F in order to let his colleagues in the van escape. That's what we're seeing every day. Or they, You know, other cities, they're out there on a traffic stop and just regular civilians come out and start interfering, You know, trying to grab people, trying to get in, get involved in a law enforcement operation. It's a, it's a bad situation.


How much responsibility do Democrat officials have for encouraging this type of violence? And the reason I ask that is because you and I both know, we've seen a bunch of this. Hakeem Jeffries, Dan Goldman has done this. Michelle Wu, the mayor of Boston, we've saw just yesterday, Congressman Lynch from Massachusetts do this, a lot of this. And what they're saying, two things. One, they're accusing ice of doing something villainous by their, by the agents wearing masks as they do their jobs to try and conceal their identities. And two, they keep using these analogies saying that ice agents are like Nazis, that they're like the Gestapo Congressman not, or rather, governor Tim Walls said that as well.


How much responsibility do these Democrats have for, You know, creating threats for ice agents right now? You know, I think anybody, whether it's an elected official, one of these NGOs, these non-governmental organizations or even some of the, You know, some of the mainstream media that are making these comments, I hold them solely responsible for it. And I've said it before in a few of my interviews, If you look at the beginning of our enforcement operations, when we ramped up, you didn't see ice officers in masks. Right? Now you might, you may have saw them during the pandemic wearing masks, but in the beginning of this, you did not see officers wearing masks. When you started seeing officers wearing masks, is when you started seeing their photos and home addresses posted on telephone poles.


Like for instance, in Los Angeles right? Or in Massachusetts or, You know, you having PE officers names, family members, names, kids, Facebook, Instagrams being posted saying, harass them, make their life difficult. That's the only time you saw that. And so when elected officials call us Nazis, the Gestapos secret police, right? That that fires up that base that turns people against us. You know, I said it in the press conference in LA yesterday. We always hear from these elected officials in these sanctuary cities. Well, if ICE had a criminal warrant or if ICE had a judicial warrant, we'd support you. We, we'd back you, well, Fri last Friday, ICE was out serving a criminal immigration warrant in Los Angeles.


And look what happened, right? Yes. They got surrounded, they got attacked, thrown rock. But again, so we did, we did what you wanted, right? Elected officials we're out there showing immigration is a criminal federal crime. We have an actual sworn judge's warrant, yet still, it's just not enough of them. So when elected officials call us the Gestapo, Nazis, that rhetoric trans, You know, transforms over to the craziness. And, and so far we've seen assaults. But the thing I'm on guard for, and I'm sure you're worried about too, is whether or not an ice agent gets killed. Yeah. That's what I'm worried about. Because I think I've been saying that these, this type of gross language is gonna get an ice officer killed.


And if that happens, it sounds like you're saying the same thing I'm saying, which is these Democrats will have blood on their hands. Well, 100%. I think anyone that, that calls for violence against one of the men and women that, You know, I have the privilege to leave lead is, is responsible for it. And You know, one thing I've said before, You know, I, the reason why I'm so adamant about the mass situation or them protecting themselves, because under the last administration in 2022, I had Antifa protestors show up my house and threaten my family at three o'clock in the morning. Right? So I know exactly what these officers and agents are going through. Just this week I had two credible death threats they posted where we, where I what hotel? I was with my security team in Los Angeles and kind of keep trying to keep track on that.


You saw the federal building in LA it says kill ice. You know, our investigation team right now is so swamped with doxing and threats against agents that they're just overwhelmed. And it's because of this rhetoric. Right. And to your point, VINCE, so they're gonna get somebody killed. Right? It's only a matter of time because, You know, even with throwing a rock or a Molotov cocktail, you, you can still kill somebody. Right? And it's just this fired up rhetoric that's going viral. And You know, you see all these protests that is planned for this weekend, right? You think it was just contained in Los Angeles, but now we're having to spend special response teams all over the country.


You saw a big uptick in New York City. Yes. That's just ice agents and other federal partners doing law enforcement mission. Do do, do you have any reason to believe that this Saturday's left wing protests amount to a threat to ice a a, a new threat to ice officers this weekend? I do. I do. And You know, you want to give, you wanna give people the credit benefit of the doubt, right? I'm the first one to say I'm all about the First Amendment, peaceful protest ice fully supports that, but their track record hasn't been that good. Right. And it is not necessarily the people that are against immigration, You know, throughout the history of the immigration, You know, nationality act, there's always been people for, for or against it.


But when you bring in these agitators, these anarchists, these funded groups just to disrupt those protests they use, they go under the cover of peaceful protest to initiate violence to get their point across in a cause. And that's the biggest fear for me is that that negative energy is gonna be directed toward ice agents. And this is the perfect catalyst to jump on that. Now, You know, I heard the, your last segment when you were talking about what happened at the press conference yesterday, You know, that I was on stage when the senator came. Right? I was right next to the secretary and, You know, no one knew who that, who he was. So you have somebody unidentified yelling, rushing and you have two protectees up on, on the stage and law enforcement did what they were supposed to do.


But it's that type of grandstanding that's gonna get somebody hurt. Yes. So, so just since you, since you mentioned it, it looks, it looked to me like, You know, they weren't rough on 'em. They, they handled them the way you would, anybody who was trying to push their way towards the stage and people being protected. Is it, is it your view that this was handled professionally and that everything happened by the book with Senator Padilla yesterday? 100%. If I have to credit the Secret Service and the other protective detail folks, because they did exactly what they were supposed to do, that was a press conference. You saw that the press wasn't out there screaming questions. It was an informative press conference giving all the agency heads and the secretary chance to explain what ICE was actually doing out there.


And you had someone that was unknown to anyone on that stage or any one of the security details there. Those agents and officers acted with the utmost professional professionalism. I can couldn't be more proud of them. I, You know, while they protected the secretary and mitigated the threat, I think they did an outstanding job. Yeah. Okay. Let me get to the big, the big mission for ice, which is to take illegal aliens who are in our cus in our country into custody and get them out. I know the White House wants to get up to a minimum of 3000 deportations a day. At least that's the message we're hearing from Steven Miller and Tom Holman.


How, how far along are you towards that goal and when, when do you think we might be able to reach it? You know, VINCE, I I think we're doing great. Me personally, from my, You know, I 18 years doing this as a career law enforcement officer. The amount of immigration enforcement we're doing right now is spectacular compared to what we've done in the past. I think are, you've seen some of our numbers, like last week or the week before, You know, we were hitting around 24,000 a day. And that's arrests, right? So when you look at those arrests and you have, sorry, You said 24,000? I'm sorry, 20, 2400. I, I gave myself a per raise on that one. Oh, okay. Yeah. 2,400. I mean, we're, we're doing great.


The problem is though, scenes like this week right now, you have what that's gonna seriously cut back our immigration enforcement efforts. When you have active apps out there telling where ice agents are, where ice agents are doing enforcement, how are we supposed to go ahead and meet the presidentials goal and the secretary's vision of getting as many of the worst of the worst in these immigration violators off the street when we're encountered at every turn someone hampering us. Right. That's huge. That's a huge problem. I definitely think we would see a huge spike in our immigration enforcement, especially when it comes to the worst of the worst.


If we actually had the court, the cooperation of those sanctuary jurisdictions, that's huge. You know, look, you can go back to the Massachusetts operation we just did. There was so many targets up there because while the teams were out enforcing just regular immigration warrants, it was a constant feed of just more criminal aliens being released in real time. You know, there's across the United States, there's so many immigration detainers that aren't honored and there, it's not for just driving without a license or open container. These are serious, serious violent crimes that local jurisdictions won't hold for us. Right. If we add that, that that 3000 number wouldn't even be an issue or, or our goal would be much higher because we would have other law enforcement agencies that aren't hampered by political rhetoric and political ideology Yes.


That wanna be focused on a law enforcement public safety mission instead of something political. How different will the situation be if the big beautiful bill gets passed? Because the resources in the big beautiful bill include a, a, a massive expansion of your workforce at ice. Right. And, and a lot of resources for deportations. Is there any math there that, that you're aware of in terms of how many more deportations could occur each day as a result of that package? Well, If you think about, If you kind of think about it at this kind of level, right? On the ice side, there are two components. There's Homeland Security investigations, which the special agents do long-term investigation. And then there is enforcement removal operations that are our fusion operations teams.


The deportation officers that, that core group of individuals that do amazing work is one of the smallest law enforcement agencies we have. It's only about 5,500 people. We're hoping to get about 10,000 more deportation officers just for one arrest in the street. If, if somebody hasn't turned over to us, it takes us six to eight officers and agents to go out and make that one arrest. So If you kinda do the math on that, we just don't have enough deportation officers a day to get out there and let alone do a thousand arrests to 3000. That's why we had to take that whole government approach and bring on so many other federal partners. So if the, if the bill does pass the, that increase in manpower would be huge for us.


Right. Because it also gives us the opportunity to staff those deportation flights. It'll also give us funding to add more flights too, at the same time. Okay. Yeah. That, that would make a big difference for sure. Beyond the, the criminal illegals that you're picking up. When we say criminal legals, of course, I just wanna as always stipulate that If you illegally immigrated to the United States, you've committed a crime right away. Right. But when we refer to criminal legals broadly, that typically is people saying, people who've committed more crimes, even beyond their, their status as an illegal alien. How, how much more can we expect just general deportations to, to ramp up where we we're taking people into custody who are not not violent criminals, they're not rapists or murders, but they are here illegally.


Can we anticipate those types of mass deportations, inpro increasing? Yeah. Yeah. VINCE, you can, and and I say this is that If you look at now that we're, You know, under Secretary Nome and under President Trump, right? They've opened up the whole portfolio of immigration enforcement. So we aren't gonna walk away from an immigration violator, right? There are so many people that are here in the United States from the last administration that have valid actual orders of deportation or removal, meaning they've gone through their whole due process, gone through the appeal process, and an immigration judge, a federal judge has deemed them deportable and or to be removed from the United States. There's, there's over 1.5 million of those just like that.


So while they may not be hardened criminals or have no criminal history, they still violated immigration law and they have a locked order to be removed. And we're gonna go ahead and effect that removal. But again, like I said about the manpower, obviously like any organization, business, law enforcement agency, we're gonna focus our resources on what we need to those top tier priorities to the public safeties. But as we're out there encountering these individuals, we're gonna take action on those. So can we expect more work site enforcement by ice where you, you had to a workplace and, and you round up illegals and you get them outta the country? Yeah. And You know, I I I would say that you're gonna see more of that, not necessarily well for the point of the illegal workers and illegal aliens, but there are so many American companies that exploit these individuals, right?


Yeah. That'll take advantage of people to get that edge over a competitor, let's say, in the construction business, right? To, to hire people at a cheaper rate, to build more houses. Yet they exploit them, they're involved in human trafficking, they're, they're involved in child labor. So while we're going after the illegal aliens that are working, we're going after these businesses that are causing harm to these individuals as well. Because hiring illegals and, and, You know, forced labor human trafficking to make yourself ahead in a business, make a more profit that's just illegal as anything else. Right. I was, I was gonna ask, I was, that actually was gonna be my next question. So when I, we talk about workplace enforcement, there are employers who need to be prosecuted for hiring illegal aliens.


Can we expect that to ramp up in any, in any big way soon? Yeah, 100%. I think you're gonna see, You know, you saw just a large, large scale operation we just had in Omaha, Nebraska. That was a criminal warrant. I, You know, the, there was a criminal warrant, like I said, that we, we initiated in Los Angeles on Friday against two businesses. So when we're going in there with actual criminal federal arrest warrants and search warrants on a business that's not only going for those workers, that's going for those business owners, the ones that are out there trying to make a profit by exploiting individuals. And that's what we're really focused on. Okay. Good. I, I do wanna also ask you about the president's the president posted to truth social yesterday that he said that the farm industry as well as the hotel and leisure industry has, has apparently been having some trouble with the fact that immigration enforcement's going on.


I presumably, because they have so many illegal workers in those industries. Has the president or the White House given you any guidance on how to handle farm illegals who are working on farms or in hotels? Or is the administration backing off on enforcement on those types of illegal aliens? No, I think what you, what you saw from the president's post is the fact that kind of what I said we're, we're prioritizing efforts in other areas. But I think really what the president administration wants to do is get these employers to focus on the legal avenue to go ahead and, You know, the H one B one process where we offer the opportunities for workers to come in seasonally. Yeah, that's a great opportunity for individuals. Why? But it that costs employers more So people know, so people know what you mean.


There are legal ways for companies to hire agricultural guest workers. Right. So you can come into, they can hire people and that's a legal means. But what this kind of sounds like, what the president is indicating is that apparently those industries are full of illegal workers as well. And that's, that's a real problem. Yeah. And I, You know, I think the president's vision, And it is that these companies would go ahead and get away from the human trafficking and the exploitation to people do it the right way where businesses pay, pay those individuals the right way, support them in the right way, and give those individuals a pathway that come in here legally to avoid what we're going through right now. Because you have all these individuals that come in here, VINCE, and You know, that while they say immigration is a victimless crime, there's tax evasion fraud, there's forgery, there's identity theft, there's so many US citizens that are affected by this, by employers that are exploiting these individuals just to get them paid cheaper.


Yes. While causing harm to American citizens. Also, illegal aliens have a massive effect on the economy in terms of the resources they draw. You know, one of the pieces of, of the why the big beautiful bill matters so much is that the White House has been pointing out that illegal aliens, at least have been tapping 1.4 million of them have been tapping into Medicaid. They're, they're clearly, Todd Lyons is quite, quite a few illegals who are drawing off of the American taxpayer by being here. Right. There's a cost involved, 100 is a huge cost, and, You know, we see it all across our social service network. And that was one problem on the Alaska administration is a lot of these blue states, a lot of these sanctuary states, they saw such an influx because of the benefits they gave to illegal aliens.


And that was one huge problem. When you have such a, I, when I was the field office director in the Boston Field office, I always sounded like a Travelocity ad because I said, well, Massachusetts is a number three destination site for all new non-citizens. And that was because there was such a draw that they could go there, get a driver's license, no questions asked. Yeah. Free housing, Medicare, medicaid, food. So when states have these sanctuary jurisdictions are such a draw to an illegal alien population that's gonna take away from the medic American citizens and the service providers that the state should be providing to veterans, homeless Americans. Right. That's huge. Yep. Okay. So I, I've heard Tom Holman, the borders are kind of allude to this in the past, but is it possible to hit sanctuary jurisdictions, the leaders of those sanctuary jurisdictions with charges?


Are they in, are they operating in violation of federal law in any capacity that we can impose consequences on them in order to make it so that immigration enforcement's possible again? Yeah, you can't, I I, You know, to the bo border, our's point and to what secretaries, Noam said, on many occasions, if these elected officials, city officials, whether it be a town, mayor, senator, whatever, if they impede an ice operation, they're 100% they can, they could be held in charge. I can't tell you without getting too deep into a lot of the actual ongoing investigations that the Department of Justice has been a great partner, and every day, anytime we have one of these impediments, I can tell you that the Department of Justice, along with our Homeland Security investigations are fully working those cases to an, if someone is in violation of any type of immigration law or impedes criminally on one of our operations or does something to harm our agents, then the Department of Justice and the Department of Homeland Security are gonna take full measures to ensure that those people are held accountable.


We've seen judges arrested for impeding illegal alien deportations. We've seen the Mayor of Newark work arrested for trespassing at a detention facility. We saw Lamonica MacGyver hit with charges for assaulting federal officers. Clearly there are people being held accountable. And it sounds like Todd Lyons, what you're telling me is that there are also multiple other public officials who are being investigated for perhaps violating criminal law. Well, yeah, VINCE, I can tell you that if someone's out there, and we have to look at every single case, case by case, right? But if someone's actually out there impeding us, or actually, let's say for instance, like the doxing of the agents, I can tell you that every time one of our agents is doxed, or someone puts that out, puts their name, photo, there's a, there's an investigation ongoing on that.


If someone goes ahead and actively blocks or obstructs an ICE facility, there's an actual investigation on that. So it doesn't matter anymore if you're just some active young college protestor to someone that might be an elected official. If you commit a criminal act while impeding ice, you're gonna be held accountable. Would that include the Mayor of Nashville who stands accused of releasing ice officials personal information, doxing them? Yep. Yeah, I think you, You know, you heard Secretary Nom and the Attorney General say that anyone that does release and put immigration agents or any federal agent, You know, we had one, a few agents for the FBI that were helping us in California. Yeah. Just recently had all their personal information put out and followed home.


If anyone does that, regardless of your title or position, you're gonna be held accountable. Okay. And, and finally, for thank you for your time today, I really appreciate this. This is a very big deal to share all this information with us acting as director Todd Lyons. Can you preview anything for us of any sort of big action that might be coming in the days that I don't, I know you don't wanna jeopardize any specific operation, but we're always kind of, we're, we're watching really closely because you got a lot of people rooting you on here. Well, I, You know, I appreciate that. And, You know, you've been a huge supporter of us. There's been so many people, the American people that actually, actually reach out and, and let us know every day that they're actually excited and happy with what we're doing. What I'll say is we're not gonna be determined by these protests.


I said it in LA from the podium. This isn't gonna stop us. We have the full support of the president. Secretary Noam is an outstanding leader. She's given us everything we need to make sure we accomplish our mission, and you're gonna see us taking out these public safety threats. That's what we're gonna do. The American people voted for ICE to fulfill their law enforcement mission, and that's what we're gonna do. We're not gonna be, You know, held up by any of these protesters. Yes, we're gonna go out there day to day and do our job, but we're also gonna be safe doing about it, and I'm gonna do everything in my power to ensure that the men and women that work for me go home every night to their family. 'cause that's the number one priority for me right now. Okay. I love that. And, and I, I lied to you. I do have one more. I do, you just made me think of it.


Under Joe Biden, it seemed to me that ice officials had handcuffs on them, and I would see statements occasionally released by ICE complaining about sanctuary jurisdictions, but they weren't really able to do anything. What is it, how, what is your perception? What, how much of a cultural sea change has it been to go from the Biden administration to the Trump administration? It's night and day. 100%. Night and day. I served as a senior field leader under the last administration, and we were, we did have handcuffs. It is very hard to do law enforcement when you ebb and flow every four to eight years by executive orders. What President Trump has done is just opened up the Immigration Nationality Act and let us enforce the law as it's written, which is amazing.


Yeah. That opens up every portfolio within ICE's law enforcement mission. And now whether it's, like you said, work site enforcement, child exploitation, illegal immigration, human smuggling, counter proliferation, we're allowed to do it all. So the handcuffs are off, and now ICE can be that viable law enforcement partner to the law enforcement landscape and really work on public safety in the United States. That's Such a huge deal. All right. You've got an important job to get back to, so we'll let you do it. Thank you very much. The Acting Ice Director, Todd Lyons. Good to talk to you today, sir. Thanks, VINCE. Appreciate it. All right. There he is. Thank you again to Todd Lyons. Thank you to the chat everybody. All fired up on rumble.com/ VINCE.


Grateful to Todd Lyons here and yeah, lots of questions here about just ramping up deportations. I think We got some good answers there. The value of the big, beautiful Bill, whether or not President Trump is actually gonna go easy on illegals working at farms. I hope not. I think if you're here illegally, you should be deported. That's the way the rules are supposed to work. Lots of, lots of really good stuff here. The one question, the one request I have to everybody who's listening, whether it's live or on the podcast, please share this. That information I think was the single most condensed interview with the Ice Director I've, I've seen, and it's not just because I conducted it. Thank you as always. Have a wonderful, wonderful weekend. Always appreciate you joining me Here on the show, I'll be doing the big radio show live 12 to three each weekday.


You can see that@rumble.com slash VINCE, or find me on your local radio station. Great to have you with us today.