
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today. True crime fans know the feeling when a story pulls you in. You can feel like part of the investigation. And with Audible, there's a lot to uncover. Listeners might like after you've gone by Margot Hunt. This Audible Original is a gripping thriller that follows one woman as she tries to solve her best friend's murder in the French Quarter of New Orleans As. an Audible member You could choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases.


New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash eight hours or text 48 hours to 500 500 Audible dot com slash 48 hours. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an event Ready RAV4 designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or test.


Drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with a style space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV4 and Corolla Cross are available with all-wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places. I'm Dan Rather. He wanted to be a hero and to many he was until he was charged with murder. 48 hours right now, Patrick Bradford was cut out to be a cop.


All my dreams as a kid had to do with being a hero, rushing in and saving the day. But when his girlfriend was murdered, he found himself the lead suspect. Pretty quickly come clear to us that Patrick Bradford was the guy. His fellow officers felt The heat to Point the finger at one of your own is very difficult. His conviction stunned. Family and friends. There aren't enough words to describe how outraged and upset the whole thing made me. This childhood friend even went to law school just to help set him free. Have Felt like David growing up against Goliath. Susan Spencer has the first television interview with Patrick Bradford.


Tammy's dead. Somebody killed her. Now somebody who she loved more than anybody else is, is paying for it. Was There a rush to judgment? He Wanted to be the best policeman that ever was. A, Cop, Behind Bars, Patrick Bradford was once a proud police officer. There's no question I was exceptionally good at it. It came naturally for me and it was just like being right where you're supposed to be.


Where he should not be. Says Bradford is where he is today. In prison, serving 80 years for murdering his girlfriend, Tammy Lore. Tamara lore died from 21 stab wounds to the back, neck, and face. Before her body was set. On Fire, The sensational crime rocked Evansville Indiana, Tammy, a 24-year-old civilian jailer was attractive, popular, and energetic. She was just a a beautiful girl. She was real, independent, always had a mind of her own, always had a pretty smile, real bubbly personality. And Tammy's parents firmly believe Patrick Bradford killed her.


I think they got the right person. Yes, he's The right person and he is in the right place. But Bradford has insisted from the start, he had nothing to do with Tammy's murder. Tammy's dead. Somebody killed her. And that's not the end of it. Now, somebody who didn't kill her, somebody who she loved more than anybody else is, is paying for it. At least one person believes him with all her heart. There aren't enough words to describe how outraged and upset and frightened the whole thing made me. Deborah Nolan is working to overturn Bradford's 9-year-old conviction.


She's perhaps his closest friend and his case has changed her life. The first thing you look at is whether the trust is valid. At 34, she quit her teaching job to study law. What Time is this section tonight? How Much of your interest in going to law school was a direct result of just wanting to do something in this situation? That was a deciding factor. I never would've done it if it hadn't been for this case. Their friendship goes back to childhood, to memories of playing with Patrick and his little brother Joe. He is always just a patient, older brother, always looking out for me, helped me learn to ride a bicycle, how to swim, save me once, pulled me outta the water.


So, and He stuck up for me a lot and I just worshiped the ground. He walked on when I was growing up, He was the big brother. Deborah didn't have, When he found out that I didn't have a date to my junior prom, I think he coerced one of his friends into asking me to go, You got her a date for the prom? She said, Yeah, it was a disaster. After high school, Deborah left town, got married and became a teacher. Patrick meanwhile joined the police. He just had that certain way of looking at the world, like as his responsibility to make things right. He wanted to be the best policeman that ever was. What's he like as a person? He had a good sense of humor and he was good with people.


We had the barrel. This is the magazine. This is the four End guy Minnace, who trained 24-year-old Bradford back in 1986. Thought his rookie charge had a promising career. I had a lot of respect for him. I thought he was a, a good, hard-nosed cop. I guess I saw some of myself in him because I wanted to be a policeman more than anything in the world. And I, and I really believe that Patrick felt the same way. And Bradford lived up to those promises. Put it down, put it down. In June of 1990, a local TV crew caught this on tape. He spent six or eight hours with a guy who had a loaded gun trying to talk him out of committing suicide.


And he had been given instructions to take the guy down and he didn't. He was able to talk him out of it and get him out safely. You enjoyed being a cop? Yeah, that's what I wanted to do. You know all my dreams as a kid had to do with being a hero, rushing in and saving the day. Bradford was at police headquarters when he first met Tammy Lore. She was just wonderful and the kind of person who would sort of light up her surroundings, Their friendship soon blossomed into a romance. But both were ignoring one big problem. Bradford was married to his high school sweetheart, Dawn, and they had two young children. You're crossing boundaries continually and as you, you get used to crossing the boundaries.


And before long as well. I've gone this far, Far enough to even pose for professional portraits. I even shock myself when I think back to what great extents we went to be together and how much pain it caused my wife and my family and her family. Patrick says he actually thought about leaving Dawn, but never quite could follow through. I would guess that the family situation, the children, and a genuine love, I think between us that was still there is what held it together. But it wasn't enough love to make you say, I'm gonna give up Tammy. No, certainly not. There was a character flaw there that that allowed me to go ahead and make that choice And he made that choice every single time his wife confronted him.


You told your wife that you were going to stop seeing Tammy, correct? Right. Yeah. How many times did you tell her that? Probably verbally. Twice or three times maybe. And did you mean it when you said it? I could have, but then it wasn't to be, I wasn't gonna do that. On the night of August 1st, 1992, Patrick Bradford dropped by Tammy's house on his way to work. We saw each other essentially every day. 2:00 AM straight four. He then began his overnight shifts.


It was a regular Saturday night. Pretty busy, very busy, but that's not unusual at all. You would expect to be really busy on a Saturday night in the summertime. As usual, on his way home the next morning he headed back to Tammy's house. The streets were fairly deserted. It was a Sunday morning And then he says he noticed something alarming. There was smoke coming from under the eaves of the house. His thoughts immediately turned to Tammy. It was obvious that it was an involved house fire Coming up. I went into the house to see if I could get her out or find her. Patrick. Bradford heroic cop becomes a prime murder suspect.


I think that there's a side of him that was a very dark side, very dangerous. That's next. Police officer. Patrick Bradford seemed well suited. The quiet community of Evansville Indiana. I was a very good family man, good father loving husband. But Bradford was living a double life. He was driving over to see his girlfriend Tammy Lore. When he says he realized with horror that her house was On Fire, I started to go into that professional mode of trying to, to do something.


So what Did you do? I went into the house to, to see if I could get her out or find her Crawling beneath the smoke. He says he could see into Tammy's bedroom. I could see what looked like flames arcing out from underneath where the bed would be. I felt like it was pretty hopeless that she couldn't survive that He says he went no further. You know I was disoriented and, and I I paused for just a moment there and then just crawled right back out the way I'd come Once outside Patrick radioed for help. Careful Fireman quickly arrived and when the Blaze was out, made a grizzly discovery.


Tammy Lore stabbed 21 times her body and bedroom, then set a blaze with gasoline in the living room. Her dog lay stab to death as well. That morning Bradford gave a statement, line up the sights. Guy Minni once trained Bradford now was the lead detective on the case. I liked him. I I I liked Patrick. You were fairly quite cooperative. You even provided them with a list of possible suspects. I did do that. When somebody's murdered. That's what you do. You try to find out who did it. Hi. On Patrick's list was a former coworker of Tammy's one finest Vincent Jr.


Tammy had complained about sexual comments Vincent had made and he partly blamed her for losing his job. He considered her an enemy. And just five months before Tammy had reported seeing Vincent slouched in his car outside her home around 3:00 AM there's No question about that. You know. He he didn't care for Tammy and he was known to have kind of a hot temper and was definitely a guy that You know you need to have had to look at Minnace and his partner visited Vincent that same morning His wife was standing just a few feet away. I would watch his wife and kind of You know, look for surprise looks or whatever.


And I didn't see anything like that. We both felt that this is a waste. He also looked at Dawn Bradford, Patrick's wife, Tammy Lore was an athlete. She was a jock, and She was strong as a moose. Dawn was very frail, very small. And I, I don't think that she could handle Tammy with a hand grenade and a machine gun. But Menace was reluctant to consider the other obvious suspect. Patrick Bradford. I just have a hard time believing that Evansville city police officer would stab his girlfriend to death. He killed a dog. He set the house. On Fire. That happens someplace else. That doesn't happen here. Fire Investigator Jesse Story had no such qualms. It was pretty quickly come clear to us that Patrick Bradford was the guy Even that first afternoon.


By then afternoon, you, you were sure that he had done it. Absolutely. Fireman had the fire out about eight minutes after Patrick called for help. Story says the damage in the room showed him that the fire burned less than 10 minutes start to finish. Therefore, If Patrick Bradford didn't do this, he could tell us who did it because he would've had to been standing beside him As far as who'd done it. Type, physical evidence, Fingerprints, murder, weapon, Nothing. Nothing Hard evidence or not crime Scene Investigator Mike Ford says, the scene itself implicated Officer Bradford. It looked at first like a break-in a window.


Screen was cut. This is the screen from the kitchen Window from the kitchen window. Phone wires were severed. Circuit breakers in the basement were thrown, but it was all a ruse. Ford says, take that window screen. The sides, the bottom and the side are cut straight. But the top, it just jags all the way down. That edge is jagged, he believes because it was cut from inside the house along the bottom edge of the open window. So what was cut out then was the same size as the window opening from the inside, right? If, you had been on the outside, It would've gone, could cut The entire screen out. Yeah, exactly. Ford notes that a sink full of dishes beneath the window was undisturbed.


He thinks Bradford staged the break in to mislead investigators. All the stuff he did in that house to make it look like a unknown burglar came in to commit this crime. He wanted to make as obvious as he could. James Lofton, a neighbor happened to see Bradford drive up to Tammy's. He was out walking his dog and he did report that Bradford was upset after the fire. He seemed like a nice fella. And I put my hand on his shoulder and kind of consoled him. He was crying, But Lofton did not see the smoke Patrick claimed he saw when he first drove up. Now granted, Mr. Lofton was an old man, but still he didn't smell smoke.


He didn't see smoke. Why didn't you just turn to Mr. Lofton and say, for God's sakes, the house is On. Fire. Yeah, I wish I, I had You know, call the fire department do something I wish I had only in retrospect, because that would've probably prevented everything that followed. Meanwhile, the press was having a field day. August 3rd is the date of this paper, and it's already starting to name him a policeman amongst Sling suspects Putting Guy Menace under enormous pressure. If Patrick did not do this, we had to prove with 110% You know certainty that he did not do it. Because there would always be people that would say, oh, the Evansville Police Department covered this up and they were taking care of one of their own Minnace still could not believe that this good cop could kill.


And so he was thrilled to discover that a security camera at a nearby bank had been rolling when Bradford's car drove by am mere 65 seconds before he called for help, I thought that You know there's no way, there was no way at that time that he could do all his stuff in 65 seconds. No way to drive to the house, kill Tammy and the dog stage an elaborate break in, pour gasoline and start a fire. And I called Patrick and said, Hey, we've got, we've got exactly what we need to You know Clear you Did someone else kill Tammy Lore next, a new theory of the crime.


Hi listeners. This episode is brought to you in part by Echo Kids. Echo Do Kids is a cute, smart speaker with Alexa made just for kids. Echo Do. Kids can help foster your children's independence by allowing them to learn and explore. Kids can express their unique personalities by customizing their device with fun, greetings, jokes and character inspired songs. Plus, with features like math help and trivia quizzes, your kid will always be learning. You can have peace of mind. Knowing Echo Kids automatically gives kid-friendly answers and filters out explicit music. Purchase of an Echo Dot Kids comes with one year of Amazon Kids plus a digital subscription designed for kids age three to 12 to learn, grow, and explore. Shop the device this holiday season at amazon.com/echo Kids.


The holidays are a time for family, friends, and of course shipping gifts. But you don't need to stress about it. Turn to the United States Postal Service to handle all of your holiday shipping needs with an enhanced network. USPS serves over 160 million addresses, six and seven days a week. And if you're looking for an affordable option, USPS ground advantage has you covered reliable shipping with upfront pricing and no hidden costs. So why not take your packages on a true holiday ride this season? Visit usps.com/holiday ride to start shipping To the state of Indiana former police officer.


Patrick Bradford is just another inmate in the system looking at 80 years for murdering his girlfriend Tammy Lore. It's like trying to walk through mud up to your knees. Anything you wish you could do for yourself you just can't do To his lifelong friend, Deborah Nolan Bradford is an innocent man wronged by an investigation out of control. The police department was up against a wall. They had this huge shining light on them. I think they took some shortcuts.


I think they jumped to some conclusions because it was just so hot. Fire Whenever you're ready. But Detective Guy Menace insists the cops were meticulous Even though I didn't believe he did it. I knew that there were a lot of people that believed that he did do it. People that I respected very much. Timing was everything. A bank camera showed Bradford driving to Tammy Lohrs just 65 seconds before he called for help. Too little time to commit murder and set a fire. I considered that the proof of my innocence right there. At first, the detectives thought that Bradford was cleared, but then some investigators came up with a new theory.


What if he had murdered Tammy Lore? Not that morning, but the night before. 2:00 AM Bradford had iron clad alibis for almost every minute during his patrol that night. I was really amazed at just how much of that night was accounted for. But there was one quiet hour when his only call to base was to report seeing one George Russell, a man who'd had frequent run-ins with the law in a cdy part of town. Russell would later deny having been there. What about George Russell? You're laughing. You'd have to forgive me. It's, it's somewhat humorous. Just the very idea that a police officer works.


The inner city would be dependent upon one of his, his regular people that he runs into has arrested twice for his alibi. It, it's just, If Bradford did murder Tammy Lorde during the night, then the detectives figured all he had to do in the morning was set the fire. So the question became was 65 seconds enough time to do just that. So I did a timing test. Menace timed out how long it would take to drive to Tammy's pour gasoline and ignite the fire. He was stunned at the result When I did the timing test the very first time, it was exactly 65 seconds The time you Had.


Yeah, and I probably couldn't do that again if I tried. As suspicions grew, Bradford agreed to take a polygraph. Why did you even take the polygraph? I was looking for a resolution, I think, and, and I thought that there could be a resolution in that The first test was inconclusive. But the second Patrick failed, Finally convinced guy Minni Patrick. Bradford was guilty. Not just the polygraph convinced me. It was the interview that took place afterwards. I was going through some pretty frightened emotions there. This was the first interview that was hostile or adversarial.


He seemed to crumble. He just seemed to lose it for a second. And you felt very strongly that he was about to confess. And then suddenly he would draw a deep breath of air and straighten up and square his shoulders up and almost gr his teeth and say, I didn't do it. What kind of signals might you have been giving off that would lead him to, to tell us that? I don't think I was giving any signals. I think he's just telling you that to, to support his, his conclusion of guilt. It got to the point that we all believed he did it. The question was, did we have enough evidence to go Forward? Prosecutor Stan Leko concedes, the evidence he had was highly circumstantial.


I was looking for just that extra peace and, and we finally got it. Got it. In the person of a neighbor who belatedly remembered seeing a police car in Tammy LO's Driveway that night during the critical hour, She saw a police car there and it reminded her that she'd seen a police car in Tammy's driveway the evening of the murder. 10 months after Tammy's murder, Patrick Bradford's trial began. So you didn't see this as a slam dunk going in? No, not at all. Not at all. What's his motive here? I mean, his wife already knew he was having this affair. I, I really can't say. My best guess is something happened between the two of them and he went into a rage.


The prosecution portrayed you as having snapped. Yeah. Are you capable of that? I've never snapped like that. The prosecution said I snapped because there was no apparent motive. Even the woman he'd betrayed Patrick's wife. Dawn testified that her husband wasn't capable of violence. This is Patrick with our children. But she had to admit he knew how to lie still I know he's innocent. Witnesses who dealt with Patrick that night described him as normal, calm, courteous, and two women he knew said they had seen him drive past a bar during the critical hour far from Tammy's.


But state expert Jesse's story told jurors that the fire was both intense and short. That meant Bradford called it in very soon after it was set. The fire evidence was probably the case proved. The fire proved the murder On day 11. Bradford took the stand. We were very concerned. Deborah Nolan then a speech teacher helped him prepare because He was furious at everything that had happened. He was, he felt very betrayed by the police department. Prosecutor Leko also was worried. I'd Heard from a lot of our deputies that he was a very good witness. I had the opportunity to finally answer some of these charges and I knew the evidence very well.


But to the chagrin of his supporters, especially his lawyer, Terry Nger. Patrick was cocky and arrogant. A disaster on the stand. Patrick feels pretty upset about the fact that he was charged. And you may have seen some of that seeping out today. It was just a little too much for him and, and he got kind of snotty in places. So how do you think you came off? Oh, I Think I probably came off terribly. It may have cost him his freedom. The jury deliberated 18 hours before delivering its verdict. Guilty. It was pretty shocking. I think I was just on the verge of losing consciousness. Just fainting.


The more heinous the crime, the worse the autopsy pictures are. The less reasonable doubt a jury needs. For Tammy LO's family, there was great relief. I just had to see him get convicted of this 'cause I knew he did it. But in the years since Deborah Nolan says she has found new evidence and new experts Go. I believe that had I been allowed to testify at the original trial, that Patrick would not have been convicted. That's next.


The murder case against Patrick. Bradford took almost a year to piece together a painstaking and at times painful investigation for his fellow police officers in Evansville Indiana. But by the end of a three week trial, even some of his staunchest defenders on the force had become firmly convinced Bradford was indeed guilty of murdering his girlfriend Tammy Lore. But now, nine years later, Patrick Bradford's family and friends still believing he is innocent, oppressing ahead with their fight to set him free. They are convinced that police feeling pressured rushed to judgment.


Okay, listen, a couple things. For those of you that haven't done shotgun training By the time he was convicted, Patrick Bradford had few friends left on the Evansville Police force building. Female Employees are being threatened By, I think they got the right man. Ryan Ryzen was one of the officers who'd responded to Bradford's calls for help that morning. He's not burned, he's not injured. Well, I'd be breaking out windows. I'd be doing whatever I could to get to my loved one At trial. Ryzen testified against his former colleague. I think it was a very difficult case in our department. To have to point the finger at one of your own is very difficult. I think that he felt like it.


He was just smarter than us. Bunch of dumb cops here in Evansville. We wouldn't be able to figure it out. Detective Guy Menace spent nearly a year on the case. You are as sure today as you were nine years ago that he did it. Yes, I am. In my eyes, Patrick. Bradford does not deserve to live. We believe that the jury system made a terrible mistake in this case. Bradford's family, however, never deserted him. There are several very important leads. They never were followed up Launching its own investigation after the trial. They're family. They love me as much as any family ever loved anybody. We're getting new information every day. Tips are leading to solid evidence.


But Joe Bradford says, all the leads led to dead ends. Everybody had a vendetta against the prosecutor or anybody else had something to say and a lot of it was wasted time and energy. And the courts have seen no reason to overturn this highly circumstantial case More than once. I have felt like David going up against Goliath. Deborah Nolan is the friend who was so outraged by Patrick Bradford's conviction that she left teaching for law school, hoping someday to help set him free. If he gets a new trial, the outcome will be different because we will be able to present a slew of evidence that was not presented at the original trial.


Now married and pregnant, Deborah is cramming for the bar for years she's been pouring over the Bradford case. She cites problems with every key prosecution witness. Take George Russell. The man Patrick had arrested more than once, or Patrick said that he had seen George Russell out during this critical time. Yes, during that time. George Russell says, Uhuh, I'm at a birthday party, right? I'm at my brother's house. Right? It wasn't me, right? Deborah Says she has new evidence. After the trial, we finally found this brother and we have an affidavit by him signed saying, my brother never showed up that night at my birthday. Is he a credible witness to tell You how credible George Russell is?


I don't know. I mean, that's one of the things about investigations. You don't get to pick your witnesses. You don't get to go out there and say, I want a nun and a priest. And the woman who claimed she had seen a police car parked here in Tammy Laura's driveway. Well, She was no angel either. In fact, she had a record convictions for theft and deception and she came forward the very day that the local newspaper had reported the exact times that Patrick Bradford was free on the night in question. I'm not a bit surprised. Somebody called and said, I saw a police car in the driveway to give the whole public that important bit of information that's inviting, that kind of thing. You never do that.


As for physical evidence, even the police admit there wasn't much no DNA, no murder weapon, no blood. This one was stabbed 21 times. For anybody to be able to do that and walk away without a trace of it on him is very unlikely. Detectives say Patrick had time to change uniforms, but Deborah Nolan believes they were so focused on Patrick, they missed the obvious. They had a much better suspect that they paid barely any attention to it all, Namely Finest. Vincent Jr. Vincent, the man with a grudge against Tammy, he'd been seen lurking outside her house only months before the murder.


But detectives ruled him out early on. They seemed to make up their mind about him that morning after 10 minutes talking to him in his front yard in a very non-confrontational manner on his property with his wife, the alibi standing right there. Did you ever take a formal statement from this guy? No, we didn't. Did you search his house or his car? No. No. We didn't search the house. We didn't search the car there. He was just not a good suspect as far as we were concerned at that time. Finest Vincent? Yeah, this was a problem for you. This was a huge problem. Prosecutors, Stan Leko Finest thought. We were trying to pin the murder on him and we weren't.


And at one point he was gonna plead the fifth, which would've been devastating to us. But Vincent did testify and swore he had nothing to do with Tammy's murder. Had he come across suspiciously or anything like that, it might've created a problem for us, but he was very credible. Vincent refused our request for an interview, but the police say he did pass a polygraph. Unlike Patrick Bradford, I think that he was very foolish to take that polygraph test. I just don't put any faith in them. If they were as good as policemen try to make out, they are. They'd be allowed in court and they're not As a criminalist. I'm gonna go with the science rather than the eye witness. But now she says she has new witnesses she would like to see in court.


They are the top experts in their field. Quickly, Quickly, witnesses who might turn this case around. Go. The only way the state's case can be correct is if we repeal the laws of physics. It's getting really hot in there. That's next. Americans agree that everyone should be able to make their own healthcare decisions. You and only you should control your healthcare decisions. But the truth is, attacks on reproductive healthcare, including abortion, are only intensifying. That's why your gift to Planned Parenthood is so important right now, no matter the battle, no matter the stakes, no matter what Planned Parenthood is there, protect our rights, protect our healthcare.


Make your gift to Planned parenthood@plannedparenthood.org slash protect. Etsy knows these aren't the sounds of holiday gifting. Oh or oh. Okay. Thank you. Well, they're not the sounds you are hoping for. You want squeals of delight like this? Ooh and spontaneously written songs of joy. I am so happy. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. To get those, make everyone on your list feel heard with gifts like personalized jewelry, custom artwork, vintage pieces, and home decor for original gifts that say, I get you.


Etsy has it On admission. Remember that medical treatment will change the appearance of burn injuries. It is an awkward moment. Deborah Nolan looking for some way to prove Patrick Bradford's innocence finds herself at the same Fire Investigator seminar as state expert Jesse story. When you Look at distribution of Fuel, it was a little tense once I found out that She was there, I was a little upset at that. Initially. There's enough room in the average size room to support a pretty substantial fire. They were shooting me, looks like they wanted to kill me. But when they realized who I was After all story's testimony helped put Bradford behind bars.


I've never had a doubt about how, when, or who set this fire. Okay, Are you gonna be racing out of here? Determined To prove story wrong, Deborah has persuaded John Dahan a highly regarded fire expert to take a look at the case. The critical issue appears to be the duration of the fire. From what my research has shown me, the time factor ascribed to that fire by the original investigators of five to seven minutes is wrong. Remember, thanks to that bank security camera, police know when Patrick Bradford got to Tammy Laura's house. The fire there was out about nine minutes later. So if it could be shown that the fire lasted longer than nine minutes, clearly it was already burning when Patrick Bradford got there, which is exactly what he says.


Based on the damage to the room and the damage to the body, I would've estimated a 15 to 20 minute duration fire. At this point, I'd have to say I do not think he's responsible for that fire. Jesse's story doesn't buy it saying you can't investigate a fire from autopsy information and pictures. He Can't measure the depth of char to a piece of wood from a photograph where present at the scene, we were able to do that. But what if there were evidence from a real fire? A fire identical to the one in Tammy's house?


Make it about three or four feet from the corner, five feet from the corner. We want to show that the state's version of how the original fire happened is erroneous. It's just wrong. The fourth thermocouples are in place. Yes, Patrick's family, along with Deborah has persuaded veteran fire investigator Don Bella to conduct a series of experiments. The state's case, in my opinion, would not stand scientific scrutiny. I just did some quick calculations. So The defense had contacted Ballas during Bradford's trial, but he says it was too late then to add him to the witness list. I'll Do the hard part and nailed it on the floor. I have a little bit of ability to build. Now.


Patrick's brother Joe has enlisted his help by building him a house to burn. It's actually 27 inches on one side, 24 on the other. It's dimensionally identical to the house where the crime happened. You're gonna Pour the majority of the gasoline onto the bed. My brother is worth continuing to search. What you see is an opening into the room. That's a viewing port With cameras in place. Okay, are we ready? The fire is set. Quickly. Quickly. Okay, we're out. Go. No. Bellas thinks he can establish how long the fire burned. Not so much from the damage.


The smoke layer outside the bedroom is about the four or five foot elevation. But from the smoke One minute 20 seconds, the smoke exiting. The ventilators is modest in quantity. Gray in color. At the trial, two runners testified that went out that morning. They saw smoke above the trees by Tammy's house. They observed a, a smoke cloud, let's say above the house at a certain time. A time when Bradford was at the scene. As the prosecution pointed out, we could Figure out from where they were and how fast they were running, what time that was. But Bradford had been there less than two minutes at that point. Too short a time.


Beas thinks for a fire to produce enough smoke to rise above the trees, Beas crunched the numbers on computer Order to have the smoke visible to the runners. The fire had to have been started as something like five minutes prior to that time. In order for the state's case to be correct, we would have to repeal the laws of physics. John Dahan agreed, I can't move smoke out of a room into an attic outta the attic and that high in the sky to reach those kind of heights in that kind of timeframe. 10 minutes, 50 seconds Extinguishment being applied And the experiments seem to confirm it.


The really important finding is that it took three or four minutes before substantial quantities of smoke were generated. But Bellas concedes that exactly duplicating the fire is impossible. Wow. And that's the point, says Jesse's story, even weather conditions would have an effect. If, you got a calm day, then the smoke is obviously gonna rise straight up quicker than you would with a 20 mile an hour wind. It was pushing the smoke laterally. So many trials like this become the battle of the experts. The jury believed the state's experts. That's sort of how the system works, isn't it? Yes. Maybe it's arrogance, but I believe had I been permitted to testify at the time of trial that disappeared, would not have been convicted.


Would it have made a difference, do you think? If they had had a really good fire expert, It could have made a difference in the sense that it could have been a more difficult case for a jury and, and theoretically, theoretically could have made a difference in the outcome. But it wouldn't have made a difference in the fact that Patrick Bradford is guilty of this murder and setting the fire Next. It's been over nine years, right? Long, hard years. Patrick Bradford's, chances Is the best time of the year. Olive in June's annual 25% off everything sale is here. I'm Sarah Gibson Tuttle, the founder of Olive in June. And I have to say one of my favorite things to do is give people presents.


And Gifting Olive in June is the perfect way to share the joy of Salon Quality nails at home with all of your friends and your family. With our systems, tools, and high quality products, no one will ever have to go to the salon again. And during our sale from November 14th to December 2nd, you can get 25% off everything, every product. Plus, we're giving away surprise gifts all week long. So whether you're stocking up for yourself or giving the gift of beautiful nails to everyone you love, now is the time for 25% off everything at Olive. June. Visit olive june.com/fresh Manny 25 for 25% off everything. That's O-L-I-V-E-A-N-D-J-U-N e.com/fresh.


Manny 25 for 25% off everything. Hey, I'm Ryan Reynolds at Mint Mobile. We like to do the opposite of what Big Wireless does. They charge you a lot, we charge you a little. So naturally, when they announced they'd be raising their prices due to inflation, we decided to deflate our prices due to not hating you. That's right. We're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 Upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees, extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes of detail Having passed the bar. Next one, Deborah. Nolan is now a rookie lawyer.


She's also a new mother. Can you put that leg down? Can you let me still, she finds time for her friend, Patrick Bradford. I will continue to help. I I have no intention of giving up any time in the near future, Though Bradford has lost repeated appeals. Debra hopes to find some new evidence that will be striking enough to win him a new trial. It's all a crapshoot. I can't, I wish, I wish so badly. I could sit here and say, oh yeah, he's got it. You know I can't To prosecutors, Stan Leko, this is a closed case. You really have to have something extraordinary and I, I think it's pretty unlikely that they'll get that, But he admits it's taken an emotional toll.


I was told that you actually broke down in court during your closing. That's A lie. I was told by a pretty good source. Yeah. Well that You know that may be true. You're very emotional guy. I do I get, I get involved in the guy just thinking about it now. Yeah, yeah. I mean you get emotional just thinking about it now. It's been nine years. I'd lived with this case for almost a year, and You know, I felt the, the burden of the mother and father Tammy's parents, Victor and Cricket lore say Bradford has done nothing to ease their pain.


There's never been any kind of condolences from him to us. I think he's In the right place. That's where he belongs. Her daughter's killer has not paid, they don't even know the extent of the injustice that's gone on here. Not against me, against Tammy. Who do you think did kill her? I haven't reached a conclusion. I wouldn't dream of doing exactly what the Evansville Police Department would've done in the same situation and, and rushed to judgment. Bradford says he's adjusted to prison life as well as an ex-cop can. You're not treated differently?


No, I'm not. I'm not treated any differently. Of course, there have been You know the odd occasional incident, but overall things have pretty well just smoothed out. Have you ever run into anybody that you helped put in prison? I've run into several people that I've arrested. What was that like? Yeah, it's, it's awkward. Yeah, it is a bit awkward. The case still haunts. Detective Guy Minnace Patrick. Bradford was once his friend, though in the end, Minnace worked hard to convict him. The victory always has been bittersweet. There was still a part of me that felt sorry for Patrick, and that sounds terrible, but I You know it's true. I I, he's a police officer.


And You know. There's that feeling that police officers have for one another, that you always have that feeling. Do you still feel That way? No. He's not a police officer anymore. If, you like this podcast. You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey From the award-winning Masters of Audio Horror. Oh, I see a face right up against the window.


Bleach white, no hair, black eyes. A round hole for a mouth. It's flat. Taylor. It's completely flat. I don't know what that is. I don't know what kind of a head is flat Comes the return of dark sanctum. Mark. What is that coming under the door? It's blood Seven original chilling tails inspired by the Twilight Zone and tails from the crypt. Get Back in your car, Lizzie. It's okay. I'm here now. Josh, get in your car. Starring Bethany Joy lens.


Clive Standin and Michael O'Neill. Welcome to the dark Sanctum. Listen to dark sanctum season two exclusively on Wondery Plus. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify. You don't believe in ghosts? I get it. Lots of people don't. I didn't either until I came face to face with them. Ever since that moment, hauntings spirits and the unexplained have consumed my entire life. I'm Nadine Bailey. I've been a ghost tour guide for the past 20 years.


I've taken people along with me into the shadows, uncovering the macabre tales that linger in the darkness and inside some of the most haunted houses, hospitals, prisons, and more. Join me every week on my podcast Haunted Canada as we journey through terrifying and bone chilling stories of the unexplained search for haunted Canada. On Apple Podcast, Spotify, Amazon, Music, or wherever you find your favorite podcasts.