
Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plug in hybrid RAV four, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue Book kbb.com, and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet.


Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places. I've never felt like this before. It's like you just get me. I feel like my true self with you. Does that sound crazy? And it doesn't hurt that you are gorgeous. Okay, that's it. I'm taking you home with me. I mean, you can't find shoes this good just anywhere. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Morgan County in Decatur, Alabama is not that big of a place. You can whisper a rumor over in the northwest corner of the county and you can get in your car and you can travel as fast as you can. Go to the other corner of the county and that rumor will beat you up there. Brother Powell has been practicing law here for almost as long as I've been alive. I've been practicing here for nearly 40 years. I'm also a part-time farmer. If you can't get hold of Sherman in the afternoon, it's more than likely that it's because he's on his tractor. When I'm not in the courtroom, I like to go to the farm and make hay. I don't think Mr. Powell knew what he was getting into when he took this case on.


It's been five days since 39-year-old Karen Tipton was murdered. Daniel Wade Moore is facing capital murder miles 250 foot From the execution chamber. I have defended Daniel Wade Moore in three trials for the capital murder of Karen Tipton. She was a proud mother. Happy Caroline. What? She was a good wife. She was a pleasant, happy person. I will never forget, nor will I ever forgive what was done to Karen.


Did you kill Karen Tip? Know what I did. I'm not going to quit. I wanna see justice done. Justice number one is Acquitting Daniel Wade Moore and then Justice would be going after the person that killed Karen Tipton. Opening statements again this morning in the third capital murder trial for Daniel Wade Moore. I was not at that house the day she was murdered. I didn't have anything to do with it Is a liar. He Lies all the time. If it isn't me, the only person that leaves is him. Nobody that knew me would consider me capable of doing such a crime. This has been a long journey. It's been an odyssey, but it's been a 10 years now.


It's finally COVID Lies and whispers. Tonight's 48 hours mystery. If I hadn't had any idea that he did this horrible of crime, I I wouldn't have represented. It's just that simple. For nearly a decade, attorney Sherman Powell's faith in the innocence of accused murderer Daniel Wave Moore has never wavered.


I've talked to a lot of defendants, but after sitting there nose to nose with him, there was no doubt in my mind that he was telling the truth that he did not do it. He, he knew nothing whatsoever about it, But authorities see it differently. They say more killed. Karen Tipton, a wife and mother from Decatur, Alabama. We're not talking about a few years of my life. We're talking about my entire life, my right to breathe. They can't do this. Moore has always said he wanted his day in court. I didn't do it. I was nowhere near that house that day when that woman was murdered.


Well, he got it. Daniel Wayne Moore is facing capital murder during a robbery, kidnapping, sexual assault, and a burglary. In fact, he's received more days in court than he'd care to count Time and time again, you can get a little bit of hope only to have your carpet jerk right out from under you. Now you can only take that so many times for you learn to quit hoping No one would blame more for giving up hope, especially after his first capital murder trial in 2002. When he was found guilty, do you remember what you were thinking or what was going through your mind when the jury said Guilty?


My jaw hit the floor. It was just unbelievable. I mean, it was just shock. He wasn't the only one. Presiding judge Glenn Thompson, who read over the jury's verdict moments before it was revealed in open court, could not believe his eyes. Former law partner saw my reaction. He said he saw the blood drain outta my face. He said, I just turned white from the top down. When I saw the verdicts, you know, I was that surprised. Why I didn't think the state had proven it too many unanswered questions. It never got to the point of beyond a reasonable doubt. Given his reservations, what Judge Thompson did next could be considered shocking.


It didn't matter what I thought the jury said that he did it. When it came to sentencing, Thompson said he was required by law to consider the severity of the crime. It was the most heinous crime that I think has been committed in this county ever. Karen Tipton had been stabbed 28 times and her throat was cut. No one deserves for their loved one to be butchered like that. In accordance with the law, judge Thompson imposed the maximum penalty Death. Death was the appropriate sentence. It's highly unusual for a judge to speak publicly about a case, but he granted 48 hours this interview.


It's not that I wanted to sentence him to death, but I did. But that guilty verdict was set aside and the state tried more again, and then yet again, I'd say maybe a fraction of 1% of cases may end up lasting this long or having three trials. It's just really unheard of. How can that happen? How does a man get tried three times for the same murder? We'll explain, but first we need to go back to the afternoon of March 12th, 1999. Perfectly normal day, Dr. David Tipton, a psychiatrist, was married to Karen, who was a 39-year-old housewife.


She was in the prime of her life. She was prettier than she had ever been in her life. Tipton who was also 39 says he came home from work earlier than usual that day to go to the theater. We had plans to go to the Sound of Music that night. When he walked from the garage into the house, he noticed the deadbolt on the door was not locked. Dr. Tipton went into the foyer to hang up his coat. I still think Karen's upstairs. This is a big house. Are you yelling for her? I did call for her, yeah. Now she should have been there with the children at that point. Saw a drop of blood, one small drop of blood on the foyer, on the towel.


The next thing I saw was more blood in the foyer towards the door. And I walked up the stairs and was the most surprised person on the face of the earth to get to the top and find a dead body there that looked somewhat like Karen. It was that bad. Yeah. It didn't even look like your wife. Oh no. Karen's nude body was lying at the top of the stairs. Hi, my name is David Tipton. I'm at 2 3 3 Chapel Hill Road and my wife has been killed. I have no idea where my children are. Nobody here. There is blood everywhere. Investigators began searching for clues as officers tracked down the Tipton.


Children still at school where they had never been picked up. The worst day of my life was about a week after the murder, and that was when Catherine then three years old, asked me when mommy was coming back from heaven. That was the worst single moment that I could ever imagine because that was a, a beautiful, innocent little child who had been told that her mommy had gone to heaven and a week later she was wanting to know when she came back, The crime scene was puzzling. Dr. Tipton reported that Karen's purse and some jewelry were missing, but her diamond ring was still on her finger. It was a shockingly brutal homicide.


At the time of the murder, Ken Collier was chief of investigations for the Decatur Police. Today he is police chief. Was there any evidence of forced entry? There was not. In a case where a woman is found in her own home, murdered in the middle of the day, who is usually the first suspect? I mean, who do you look at first? Well, you know, you, you start normally with the, the husband or wife. Even from the beginning I realized that I had to be a suspect because I was the first on the scene and, and the husband. I knew that Police believed Karen was murdered sometime between 1:00 PM after a phone call to a friend and 2:30 PM when she usually picked up the kids from school.


Dr. Tipton's office manager told police that Tipton left his office in neighboring Huntsville at three 30. He had an alibi that we were able at least that same day, to partially substantiate. It was enough for police to allow Dr. Tipton the natural suspect by his own admission to go back into his home the night of the murder. But if they let him back in the house, the crime scene, they obviously didn't consider him a suspect who might try to destroy any kind of evidence. Well, I can't get into their heads, but that that's, that's a reasonable statement. Did He have any injuries on him or anything that would indicate to officers that he had just been involved in a brutal murder?


No. No One thing's for sure. The police needed some answers. There was no murder weapon or fingerprints found at the scene. Was there a lot of pressure to get someone for this car? Sure, There was high profile rich doctor's wife, beautiful lady. Brutally, slain. Anyway, don't you think there was was a little bit of pressure on the pd? I think it was a lot of pressure on 'em. They had to have something. Cops got nowhere for a month until suddenly a lucky break. A relative of Daniel Moore's went to the police and told them that Moore had said something alarming.


He said, you know the, the Tipton murder that doctor's wife that was murdered on Chapel Hill Road. And I said, yeah. And he says, well, I was there Avoiding your unfinished home projects because you're not sure where to start. Thumbtack knows homes so you don't have to. Don't know. The difference between matte paint, finish and satin or what that clunking sound from your dryer is with Thumbtack. You don't have to be a home pro, you just have to hire one. You can hire top rated pros, see price estimates and read reviews all on the app. Download today. The NBC nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News, I'm Tom Broka.


You hope to see you back Here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for Us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC Back in 1999. Even Daniel Wade Moore thought of himself as a drug addicted loser. Been on drugs for a while and I'd pretty much just given up on life.


What Kind of drugs were you using at that time? Crack cocaine and marijuana. Desperate for money. He brazenly snatched a gold chain in full view of a store clerk who called police. The chase was on and Moore wound up crashing his pickup truck. He was arrested and taken to jail, but as soon as he got bailed out, Daniel continued to binge on drugs. His uncle, Sparky Moore tried to help, but Daniel pushed him away. I think he would've said anything to do the drugs, to to be on his own so he could do the drugs, Anything, including telling his uncle that he was involved with the murder of Karen Tipton.


And I said, are you telling me that you killed Ms. Tipton? And he said, no, no, I couldn't kill anybody, but I was there when she was killed. What he told his uncle was something you could have read in the local media. Defense attorney Sherman Powell says that Moore's confession was pure fiction. What he said basically was we broke in the house. I was upstairs, they killed her downstairs. Nobody broke in the house. She was not killed downstairs. And that, that just wasn't true. Help me out here, Daniel. Why would you basically confess or put yourself into a situation that you say you had nothing to do with?


Well, I wanted to get my grandfather and my uncle to leave me alone. But if Moore thought that story was going to bring him peace and quiet, he was mistaken. His uncle went to the police and told them what Moore had said. That was a significant statement to us. Decatur police chief Ken Collier. And If you've got a guy saying I was there, then you're gonna focus on that till you find out what you can. According to Collier Moore was in town at the approximate time of the murder and had no alibi. Police brought him in for questioning and the moment Moore was left alone in the interrogation room, he began stabbing himself with a pen knife.


Were you actually trying to kill yourself? Yes ma'am. And they started telling me how, you know, my family was such good people and it was just a shame that I wasn't nothing but a junkie. And he walked outta the room and I just said, that's it. Took out a knife outta my pocket and just closed my eyes and did like that. You know, somebody who doesn't know your case could look and say, look, you're using a knife. Karen Titon was stabbed. You're trying to kill yourself. That that could sound like a guilty man. Yes Ma'am. I understand that Police saw the stabbing incident as confirmation of Moore's guilt and that was even before investigators discovered a link between Moore and the Tipton's.


How would you describe Karen Tipton? Mm, middle aged. I mean she seemed nice As it turns out. Moore had worked for a security company that had installed the alarm system at the Tipton house. David Tipton speculates Karen May have allowed more in because she recognized him. How did you think it happened? He came and knocked on the door and said hello. I worked for the alarm company. He had been there just a few months before. He lied his way in the house. The attack tipped and says continued upstairs in the bedroom where police found Karen's clothing on the floor and blood on the bed.


I think that it's very likely that after that prolonged period of sexual and physical torture that she managed to actually escape from that and got to the top of the stairs before she was finally killed there. Somewhere in the range of 28 stab wounds, probably the last thing to be cut was her throat To David Tipton, it is an open and shut case of a drug addict killing for money. Daniel Wade Moore confessed to involvement. Daniel Wade Moore is an absolutely 100% profile matched with somebody that would do a crime just like this.


But except for that one time admission to Uncle Sparky Moore insists he had nothing to do with Karen Tipton's murder and the physical evidence seems to back him up. Were your fingerprints found anywhere near this house? No ma'am. Was Karen Tipton's blood found anywhere on you on your clothing? No ma'am. In your car? No ma'am. Any fibers, any of her hair, anything? Nothing. Two hairs were found at the scene, but they were in poor condition. It's possible but not definitive that they belonged to Daniel Moore. It rules out 99.8% of the population leaving two tenths of 1% and he's in that two tenths, But there are hundreds of other people in that group too.


He's not the only person, He was the only person in that group that had the means, motive and opportunity to do the crime. This was not something that a burglar, a robber, a rapist or anybody does. Not even a contract killer does that. This was a crime of passion period. And this is important. They took information, Sherman Powell information. Powell pointed the finger of guilt directly at Dr. David Tipton. If Dr. Tipton says that this was a happy marriage, they were both very happy, both faithful to each other. Is he telling the truth? That's what he testified to. But from the evidence I've seen, I would just in my opinion say it was a very open marriage.


Even David Tipton was aware of the rumors going around town during that first trial. Tipton admitted that just weeks before the murder, his best friend Mikey Zell had emailed Karen suggesting they swap spouses. I was offended by that, not only by Mike but by Karen as well. What do you mean That she had carried on a, a silly conversation with a friend of mine On the day she died. Karen had been using that computer and may have discovered a collection of pornography. The majority of the stuff in there was gay men interacting and I have never seen a lady yet that would sit down and look at that kinda stuff.


Powell speculates that Karen discovered the porn and confronted her husband sparking the fatal fight. Oh, so you, you absolutely, as you're sitting here think David Tipton is the one who's responsible for his wife's death. That's what my evaluation of the evidence tells me. Yes. Now if that hurts somebody else's feelings, I'm sorry that that's just the way it is. Am I capable of killing somebody? Yep. Am I capable of killing a loved one? No. Am I capable of torturing my wife to death? That's crazy. It is easier for people to think of me being a killer than it is for Daniel Moore to be a killer.


It scares people to think that some stranger off the street could show up in your house and the next minute you're in a torture chamber. But in the end you really kind of need to look at the evidence. But Judge Glenn Thompson looked at the evidence and he found it inconclusive. There's circumstantial evidence that indicates that Dr. Tipton had an opportunity and a motive to do it, but I'm not accusing him. You know, the circumstantial evidence against him is no stronger than the circumstantial evidence against Daniel. I don't know who did it. It could be an entirely different party. I do not have a clue who did it. At the end of the first trial, Moore's uncle was hopeful until he saw the jury file in with the verdict.


They just came in. You know, one of them was crying and I pretty much knew when I saw that, that that this was gonna be something bad. Daniel Moore was found guilty of capital murder and on January 23rd, 2003, he was sentenced to die by lethal injection. He might still be on death row if not for a discovery that saved his life and rock Decatur that Even in polite southern society a liar is a liar, is a liar. They lied. They lied.


I was 250 foot from the execution chamber locked down five foot by nine foot sail. In February of 2003, Daniel Wade Moore became the newest inmate on Alabama's death row. There's things that he's more afraid of than death, I can assure you, which Is Being accused of something he did not do. Sherman Powell immediately began working on Moore's appeal. What happened next changed the Moore case forever. Prosecutors turned over this 245 page report compiled by the FBI on the Tipton murder, an FBI report that prosecutors had repeatedly denied existed.


It was the most egregious case of prosecutorial misconduct that I have ever been aware of. Judge Glenn Thompson was incensed. He believes Don Valesca, the Assistant State Attorney General trying the case had lied to him. Well, Mr. Valesca, who was the lead prosecutor for the state stood in this courtroom and and I'll quote him, he says, there ain't no such thing as an FBI report. You asked him directly. Absolutely and he looked me in the eye and said that it infuriates me When someone lies to the court they should be indicted for attempted murder and perjury. No one from the Alabama attorney general's office would speak to 48 hours about the case.


But Valesca has insisted publicly that he did not lie and claim that the FBI information was not a formal report, but whatever it was, that material appeared to help the defense. Why would the prosecution, why would the police withhold information from you? Because it shows opportunity or motive for someone else. The Decatur Police Department had asked the FBI for help. The information collected by the Bureau revealed that Karen Tipton had been leading a quote, secret life, which included extramarital affairs the FBI surmised that Karen May have known her killer and recommended that both David Tipton and his best friend Mikey Zell, be given polygraphs even though they had been ruled out as suspects by police.


Is it fair to say that once you had Daniel Moore and there was more evidence building against Him, fair say that once we had a viable suspect, we pursued that suspect until we were able to build what we thought was a viable case against him. Police Chief Ken Collier and didn't follow up on these other leads. I don't know that they did or didn't. Their focus was on Daniel Wade Moore once he admitted to having been in the house when she was killed, Powell kept digging and struck pay dirt with a new witness who was not called during Moore's first trial for the simple reason that Powell did not know she existed on that day.


About what time were you coming this way on the road? Approximately 3 33 25. Pam Smith, a Tipton neighbor, said she saw Karen alive near her mailbox the afternoon of her murder. After the time police believed Karen had already been killed. She was on her way back to her truck. Pam says she called the police just days after the murder to tell them what she saw. Did you ever hear from the police again after you made that initial call? No ma'am. Never. Do you think maybe your call got lost? What do you think? I think my story didn't fit with their theory. In order for their theory to work, she had to die at about one or one 30.


It wouldn't work if she was alive at three 30. I think clearly they knew about that and they said, well, we'll just lose that. Was that ignored because it didn't fit the ultimate theory that the police department had formed? I can tell you I don't think anything was intentionally ignored. You think Pam Smith was mistaken? Yes. I think she was mistaken on 29. But Judge Thompson found Smith credible. She was there and described her what she was wearing And was convinced Moore had been treated unfairly. The man had been denied a fair trial. He'd been, they'd been given every opportunity to prosecute him fairly and they'd squandered that opportunity.


In February, 2005, two years after sending Daniel Moore to death row, Thompson made a ruling that shocked everyone. The judge declared that a new trial would subject Daniel Moore to double jeopardy being tried twice for the same crime and instead ordered him released. I thought I'd committed political suicide. I really did. But you did It anyway. I did it anyway. It was the right thing to do. By this time, Dr. David Tipton had taken his daughters and moved 700 miles away from Decatur.


There are hateful people in Decatur whose seemingly their whole life is dedicated to attacking me. When he heard the news about Daniel Moore's release, he was furious. I think that he needs to be dead. I'm not allowed to kill him. The second best is to have the state to kill him. Even his daughters were shaken Even though we're way far away. It like made me nervous. I'll admit it. They're afraid that, that he would come after them. And why not everybody should be afraid. The state of Alabama wanted another crack at Moore and convinced the courts to put him back in jail pending appeal.


After four short days of Freedom, Moore was sent back to jail. While prosecutors tried to undo Thompson's ruling, Just like every time when you finally think it's fixing to be over something else puts it off. It took years, but prosecutors got their way. In February, 2008. Nine years after Karen Tipton was murdered, Daniel Moore went on trial. For the second time, ESKA petitioned to have Judge Thompson removed from the case to avoid the appearance of impropriety. And so Thompson was replaced by Judge Steven Haddock.


Jurors from the second trial were clearly affected by information contained in the now infamous FBI report. What do you now know about Karen Tipton from that trial? She had a secret, a secret life. Whoever killed Mrs. Tipton, according to our expert, it was a love turned to hate relationship. As part of his strategy, Powell played up the allegations of extra extramarital affairs and the pornography gay and otherwise found on the home computer. To the dismay of Karen Tipton's husband. I'm the pot and porno guy. I'm the multiple affairs, I'm the, you know, wild, crazy sex party, sex swap wife, swapper, king of the Sex swapping Club.


All of these things have been said about me. Dr. Tipton testified as he had in the first trial, but some jurors were not impressed. If that was my wife that got murdered, I would've probably had a different face expression. I just didn't Feel like I believed him at all. I know the truth about me and Karen and I don't need a bunch of rumors and silliness to to, to change that. I know the real stuff. As the second trial wound down Sherman Powell smelled victory. I thought we had some good evidence. I thought there certainly existed reasonable doubt.


Finally, after six long days, the jury came back into the courtroom. We tried very, very hard, very hard, and we just couldn't do it. Their decision was no decision. And Judge Haddock declared a mistrial in Decatur. How do people view Daniel Moore? Not who do they think killed Karen Tipton. Then Some say Dr. Tipton. Some say jealous wife, some say boyfriend. Yeah, I mean you.


I hear everything say hear everything. But co prosecutor Cory May says he has no doubt about who killed Karen Tipton. Every piece of evidence shows Daniel Wade Moore is guilty and for us not to come back, for us to give up would be to allow a murderer to go free in this county. And we will not let that happen. Daniel Wade Moore will stand trial a third time, although he was allowed to go home after posting bond. But will this case ever come to an end if there is another trial, do you think Daniel Moore will be convicted? I don't think he's gonna get 12 people to say he is guilty, But the state is going to try.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon's Blink Video Doorbell. Get more at your door with the easy to install, blink video doorbell. Get more connections. Hey, I'm here for our first date, More deliveries. Hi, I have tacos for two. Oh, thanks. We'll be right down. And more memories babe, Come down. I have a surprise. All new Blink video doorbell with two year battery, head to toe, HD view and simple setup. Shop now at amazon.com/blink for just 69.99. Now streaming. Hi Again. TV's Quirkiest Crime Solver. I'm Elle's Betas. I work with the police. It's on the case. I like My outlandish theories with a heavy dose of evidence And ready to go toe to toe with a cade of guest stars.


Are you saying That this is now a murder investigation? It's starting to look that way. Don't miss a moment of the critically acclaimed hit sba. All episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus and return CBS fall. That sounds like Fun. Obviously murder's not fun on RayBan. Meta glasses are powered by meta ai so you can get real time answers. Hey meta. How bougie is Jade Garden? It's a trendy spot. What's the color that pairs with this top? Consider dark, earthy colors, charcoal or black. What are some good first aid topics? Consider discussing favorite travel destinations or your favorite books. Get suggestions, inspiration and answers from your glasses. RayBan Meta glasses, iconic style meets meta ai.


Eight Years after taking on Daniel Wade Moore's case Sherman Powell is preparing yet again for trial. The third one, once again, Moore faces the death penalty in the murder of Karen Tipton. And once again, Powell will do battle with Assistant State Attorney General Don Valesca Powell can hardly believe it. Any law firm in Alabama that sent an attorney somewhere to try a case and and they were devious with the court and it was adjudicated, they would never go back. More disturbing. Powell still believes he's missing evidence. I will never have all the evidence I'm entitled to.


That is a fact. I know it. I know it. One of Powell's chief concerns has always been the Tipton home computer for eight years. He's been trying to find out if there's any evidence on it. Unbelievably, just 72 hours before trial the information surfaces Daniel Moore's mother, Virginia Bird. The court was told on numerous occasions that there was, there was no copy of the hard drive. And when did the FBI Produce this copy On Thursday before we started trial on Monday.


And as it turns out, it's what's missing from the home computer. That's critical. Someone with access to the Tipton home deleted files from the computer after Karen's death, but before it was turned over to police. How do you react to something like that suddenly having more evidence come to light At Daniel's third trial? All we ever wanted was the truth. We'll never get it. Despite her frustration, Virginia hopes with all her heart that this time around her son will be found not guilty. In the year he is been out on Bond. Daniel's been living on his own, working at a local electric company and enjoying the support of his community.


People would come up and hug him and shake his hand and tell him they were pulling for him and praying for him. And hundreds and hundreds of people who've who've come and told him how much they, they hoped that it'll all be over soon. How old is Daniel today? He's 34. Almost a third of his life has been, he's been in limbo over these, over these charges. Right. How Do you cope with that? How does he cope with that? What are the alternatives? You don't really have any choice in the matter. It's not supposed to be this way. You just do the best you can.


It's hard to believe in a town like Decatur where Karen's murder in Daniel's trials have been big news. But these jurors on Moore's third trial say they knew little about the case. Had any of you heard that name? Knew who he was. I'd kinda heard it, but it didn't mean nothing to me. Prosecutor Don Valesca methodically lays out the state's case against Daniel Moore. The two hairs found inside the Tipton House. Moore's confession that he was there the day of the murder, his suicide attempt while in police custody. It sounds damning, but then the defense gets its turn and Sherman Powell makes good use of the new computer evidence.


Those curious deletions to turn suspicion back on Dr. Tipton, were you all concerned about the fact that there were things missing from the home computer? Yes, that was a big part. But isn't it possible that perhaps Dr. Tipton did erase embarrassing things but still might not have had anything to do with the death of his wife? What's More important? Me being embarrassed or my spouse being murdered? Sherman Powell attacks the prosecution's timeline introducing workmen who were paving the neighbor's driveway the day Karen was killed. They say they saw Dr.


Tipton arrive home much earlier than Tipton claimed. Why is that important in this case? Because he said he didn't get home until four 30. So if he was home an hour and a half before that and he didn't call the police, I think that would be very significant. And when Dr. Tipton testifies as he did in the two previous trials, the jurors listen carefully. When he took the stand, I was surprised because he spoke with a lot of authority. He Looks like a little man, but he came up with a big voice and I really don't think he was telling the truth when he was on the stand. And then there's the troubling FBI report.


The reason Daniel was granted a new trial after being found guilty and sentenced to death Said on there that Karen Tipton had told somebody that she felt like she was gonna meet her demise before she turned 40. And she was 39 years old at that time. She Couldn't have anticipated someone like Daniel Moore that that had to be something that was going on in her life that she knew about. Yeah, after a month of testimony, it's the jury's turn. The first thing we've done was we prayed. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All of you. Yes. We just pray for, for guidance. We pray that we would make the right decision. The jurors take their time reviewing every single piece of evidence.


Then after seven long days of deliberation, When we heard that the jury had a decision, my heart was pounding. I looked at Daniel and we held our breath. If you're thirsting for asphalts melting your work boots tape measure has anger issues, nail guns talking smack again and hard hat baked on the head level refreshment. We definitely have that cool off with Gatorade. Summer Blaze available only at Circle K when you're feeling the heat.


Circle K makes your day. This Father's Day give your dad the forever wanted elixir by Zaro Parfums. An intoxicating fragrance where leather notes merge with the addictive red fruits. Discover the Zaro wanted collection for Father's Day at Macy's. As the 12 jurors returned to the courtroom for the last time, they feel like the entire town of Decatur, Alabama is waiting for them to hear the fate of Daniel Wade Moore.


I mean, my heart was pounding. I was, I felt like I was fixing to get shot. You know, Will they find more guilty of the murder of Karen Tipton and send him back to death row? Or will they set him free? We had two security cards to one person and that was, you know, we need this much security Three times now, both the Tipton family and Daniel's mother have gone through this excruciating weight, anxious for the jury to announce its verdict on all five counts of murder combined with robbery, kidnapping, and sexual assault.


We had to have five, not Guilties. And on the, the, the first one, we held our breath. And on the last one, Daniel looked at me and he just, and it was over Not guilty. It is finally over. Daniel Wade Moore walks out a free man. Glad it's Over. It's kind of like Mr. Powell said, said that if this wasn't reasonable doubt, than reasonable doubt doesn't exist. And I'm, I'm just glad they came. You know, they found a verdict. It wasn't another hung jury. I'm just glad it's over.


But for the Tipton family, this saga is far from over. Karen's daughters are now in their teens. If Daniel Way Moore didn't kill their mother, then who did? It goes unsolved. There's not any justice yet. Judge Glenn Thompson, who's also been living with the Tipton case for a long time now, I pray that before the end of my life on this earth, that the the killer will be brought to justice and sentenced. And, but justice is slow. Certainly it is not justice for Karen Tipton to put an innocent man in jail. But not everyone thinks more is innocent.


Police Chief Ken Collier. I won't judge this jury. I didn't attend the trial. All I can say is that we were confident that we presented enough evidence to convict who we think and still think is guilty in this crime. And we're just disappointed that the jury didn't feel the same way. So is Assistant State Attorney General Don Valesca, who won a guilty verdict in the first trial, only to have it set aside because he withheld evidence from the defense. When the trial was over, the prosecutor said publicly that Daniel Wave Moore was the killer and that you all made a mistake. What was your reaction? The prosecutor saying you were wrong?


Well, they picked us. So it wasn't our job to make him guilty. It was his job. And so for Daniel's mother, the 10 years of fear she has felt for her son, has turned to anger. I'm angry for Daniel. I feel like they took 10 years of his life and they can never give that back. Go cry. It's hard, isn't it? Whew. I wasn't going to do this. This is the happy part.


As for Sherman Powell. Well, he's just relieved his long quest. Fighting on behalf of Daniel Moore is finally over. Life is getting back to normal. You know, we're just catching up. Oh, we've got plenty. The ultimate victim then remains Karen Tipton, who can never go home, never watch her children grow up, and whose death now seems destined to remain a mystery. You know, for no good reason. She died very badly and the girls have gone a lifetime without their mama. The fact that I can see them alive and happy, stay together and normal and see parts of Karen in them, means that Karen is still here with us in them.


If nowhere else, Novak is now streaming on Paramount Plus, you're Gonna love this. It's an adrenaline rush of fun. Whoa, This is the Best and a bloody good time. Looking Forward to it. Novak rated R now streaming on Paramount. Plus, get ready to laugh until it hurts. You're gonna love this. Novocaine is now streaming on Paramount Plus I've got this condition. I don't feel pain. You're a superhero. No.


Yeah, It's an adrenaline rush of fun. Oh, This is the Best and a bloody good time. Almost got the best car. It's the first great action comedy of the year. Let the magic happen. That's good. Looking forward to it. Novocaine rated R now streaming on Paramount Plus.