
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


48 hours podcast listeners love a true crime mystery. But you know what's not a mystery? The fact that Audible has the best collection of audio books and podcasts, Audible makes it easy to be entertained as part of your daily routine. As, an Audible member You could choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers, 48 hours Podcast listeners recommend Empire of Pain, the secret history of this Sackler Dynasty by Patrick Radden. Keefe New members can try Audible free for 30 days, Visit Audible dot com slash 48 hours, or text 48 hours to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash 48 hours. or text 48 hours to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days Audible dot com slash 48 hours


when you're in the market for a new SUV, you want a vehicle that can handle your daily commute, navigate the elements and adventure with ease. You need the reliability of a Toyota and the confidence that your investment will last, and that's where Toyota leads the pack as the number one resale value brand for 2024, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. So check out the legendary designed Land Cruiser or spacious Grand Highlander or test drive a RAV4 available in gas hybrid and plug in hybrid models. Visit buy a toyota.com. The official website for deals. For more vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2024 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Court Will come to Auto Roll Rise. The case starts on Monday, June 29th, 2015. Hi, I'm Dr. Theresa Seavers. Dr. Theresa Seavers was due at work and she didn't arrive. Theresa Seavers is found on her kitchen floor dead. A pool of blood surrounds her head. She's cold to the touch. This is Dr.


Theresa Seavers high profile doctor. Did a lot of holistic medicine and people you know, said that She was just a little spitfire, just a short little thing and always wearing, you know, four inch heels cl clacking around. So Let's get started. We got a lot of stuff to talk about. Ladies. Remember walking into a room meant turning heads. When I got into work that day, we were getting word that this 46-year-old doctor was dead. This beloved woman in our community had been brutally killed inside her own house. Mark and Theresa have been a couple since 2003 when they got married in a beachside ceremony in St.


Petersburg, and She was sort of the breadwinner and he was the office manager at her practice and he helped raise the kids. They had a trip planned to New York and Theresa would fly home that Sunday night to be at work Monday morning. So on Sunday night, she comes back here to the southwest Florida International Airport. She calls Mark, tells him she's safe, and then gets in her car and heads back to their house. 9 1 1. What is your emergency? I'm at at a friend's house. Mark had a friend come and check up on her. He's out of town and she's down on the floor and there's a hammer at the side, and she's bashed in the back of the head.


It will later be determined that there are 17 impact wounds to her skull. Who would possibly want this feisty Florida doctor dead? That question led investigators on a wild chase that ended more than a thousand miles away with a shocking arrest of three people. A break in the case came from all places from the state of Missouri. There were electronic footprints. When you step outside your home, folks, you are always being observed. Once you started to unwrap it a little bit, it was nutty, it was weird, and it was hard to keep track of it all.


This is a case in which 21st century technology became vital. I've been told we have a verdict. Erin Moriarty reports the plot to kill Dr. Seavers. I think anytime there is a beautiful, successful woman who was murdered, that's sort of what society pays attention to, for better or for worse, The shocking murder of Dr.


Teresa Seavers and Bonita Springs. Florida was a huge story, especially for Jessica Lipscomb, who covered crime for the Naples Daily news To think of this mother of two who was killed brutally inside her home was horrifying to people. The doctor had cut short of family vacation in upstate New York and had flown home alone on Sunday night, June 28th, 2015, so she could see patients the next morning. You kind of put yourself in her shoes, rolling your suitcase through the door, and then to be attacked by someone from behind. It's, it's hard to imagine.


Investigators believe that as soon as Dr. Seavers walked into her kitchen, She was killed, struck repeatedly with a hammer. The next morning her office staff got in. It's now nine o'clock, now it's 9 0 5, now it's nine 15. I said, where's Doctor? Sandra Hoskins was Theresa Seavers, longtime medical assistant. I was texting back and forth trying to see If, you know, we're at, and no response called, no answer marks out of town. He says, I can't get ahold of her. I either.


How unusual was it for Dr. Seavers not to show up, Even if it was nine o'clock and three seconds after you would hear her heels coming in? It was just so unbelievable. When Connie Reese heard the tragic news, she contacted her stepbrother, mark Seavers, the doctor's husband. How did he react to the death of his wife? He couldn't speak. He's not the kind of guy that has been overly emotional on the outside, but he couldn't speak. Connie and Mark became family. When her mother married his father.


I asked him what happened to Theresa And what did he say? No idea. Mark met his future wife in 2003 when he was visiting St. Petersburg, Florida. Pretty much love at first sight. Well, I think by the time that he introduced her to mom, I think he was pretty much done. He was off the market officially. Yeah, really? He was working as a nurse. While She was a recently divorced physician, Theresa hung the moon. She was a remarkable human being and very special, and that's the way Mark treated it from the beginning. You could just, you could hear it in his voice.


They were married on the beach surrounded by friends and family, including stepmother. Jenny Kelman Was a sunset wedding and she had a beautiful gown and it was very nice. Was he happy on that Day? Oh my gosh. He was very happy. Six months later, their first daughter was born. The Seavers built a large house in Bonita Springs, and in 2007 welcomed another daughter. How did Mark feel about being a dad? It was everything to him. They were his reason for being, but he was also all about Theresa and her mission.


We talk about our physical health, mental health. That mission was to open a holistic practice where she could heal patients by blending traditional and alternative medicine. She also spread her message in speeches and videos. There's our spiritual and energetic health. We would have patients from all over the world. They would come to us after they failed everything else. She wouldn't take no for an answer. Talking about the doctor still makes Sandra emotional, And as a patient, she wouldn't allow you to say, I'm never gonna get better. While patients love the doctor, Sandra and her husband Frank pays, who also worked at the practice, admit it wasn't always easy working for Seavers.


She had a short fuse. I would hear doctors screaming and yelling in the in back office. Dr. Seavers would yell at the Patients, She was there to help you get better, didn't have what they call the bedside manner. Would she yell at you? Yes. Yeah. A wrist is a problem. The bigger problem She expected perfection, and if it wasn't perfect, she would get upset Because I need to maintain my mental sharpness. She was a a, a big presence, and sometimes that meant that she got really feisty with people. She was the the biggest figure in the room. Well, Theresa took care of her patients.


Mark managed her office and took care of their daughters. The girls were his pride and joy, And according to her sister, Annie, Lisa Theresa was equally devoted to Mark. Theresa always said, I'll never leave Mark and we'll ever do that to my girls. Nevertheless, within weeks, mark Seavers became a person of interest. Did he cooperate initially? Oh yes. I think he thought he was doing the right thing. Mark spoke to investigators without a lawyer present and even handed over his cell phone and allowed them to download the contents. Was he worried he might be Arrested?


He thought why would they, what kind of evidence could they possibly have? Because I didn't do anything. In fact, mark Seavers had an airtight alibi at the time of Teresa's murder. He and their two girls were with Theresa's family, hundreds of miles away. In New York,


It is summer, which means you're probably spending more time outdoors and maybe even on the beach. Listening to the latest episode of 48 Hours. The last thing you want is worrying about your home while you're away. That peace of mind can come from SimpliSafe home security, fast protect, monitoring, and live guard protection means. SimpliSafe Agents act in the first five seconds of an alarm. US News and World Report named them the best home security systems. And according to Newsweek, SimpliSafe offers the best customer service in, in-home security. You can install the system yourself or get a pro to do it for you. There's no long-term contract, no hidden fees. You can cancel any time and it's under a dollar a day. Protect your home this summer with 20% off any new SimpliSafe system. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash 48 hours. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash 48 hours. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Hiring is challenging, especially when you're a business owner with a lot on your plate. Thankfully, there's a place you can go for help. ZipRecruiter ZipRecruiter does the work for you to make hiring fast and easy immediately after you post your job. ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology starts showing you qualified people for it experience faster, easier hiring with ZipRecruiter. Try it free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash zip daily that ZipRecruiter dot com slash Z-I-P-D-A-I-L-Y.


Eight days after Dr. Theresa Seavers was murdered, friends and family came together for her funeral, including Mark's stepmother, Jenny Kelman. There Were a lot of people. Yes. Yeah, and, and it was sad. Of course, Almost all her patients were there. I was numb. Mark Seavers reportedly had a gun strapped to his waist at his wife's funeral. Strange, well, perhaps, but her killer hadn't yet been arrested. And according to stepsister Connie Reese, mark was on edge. He was very much in protective mode. When you say protective mode, what do you mean?


Well, I think, you know, he always keeps an eye and an ear to the ground, so to speak, and is aware of his surroundings and, you know, he, he was concerned for their, their safety. I think it was in the back of his mind that, that there might be some danger to his daughters because of what happened to their mother. It just didn't make any sense. Who would want the vibrant and dedicated Dr. Theresa Seavers dead and why? Killer with such anger and force? Could have been anybody. I really thought. Maybe it was just somebody that was in the area and broken or something.


There were signs of a forced entry pri marks on a side door, but Mark's extensive gun collection and $40,000 in cash discovered inside the Seavers home hadn't been touched. So when this happened, everyone wanted to know what happened with the alarm, and as it turns out, it, it hadn't been activated. While the family was on vacation, mark had asked his mother, Bonnie Seavers, to feed the family pets. She had trouble setting the alarm that Sunday and told detectives, her son Mark said not to worry about it. Monday morning, Dr. Seavers was discovered dead on her kitchen floor.


This is Mark's mother speaking to investigators. So I really feel it's my fault. You can't, you cannot blame his father. Around the time of Dr. Seavers murder, the internet was buzzing with reports about the suspicious deaths of other alternative doctors in the us. Did Mark think that her death might be connected with that? Yes. Yes he did. But with no real evidence to make that connection, investigators turned their attention to the people who might've had an ax to grime with the energetic, often abrasive, Dr.


Seavers. I think the theory that I heard was that maybe it was a patient. Obviously they were interviewing all of her friends and family members, so it was pretty much like a wide open field of suspects at that point. Then a surprising name emerged in her police interview. Dr. Seavers sister Annie. Lisa said she heard Sandra Hoskins was a disgruntled employee. That's the same Sandra who seemed so upset by Dr. Seavers death. You may not like your boss, but you don't badmouth them to patients that are coming in the doors like Dr. Seavers. You know, she's a, yeah, that's not, she's a bitch. Well, I'm like, oh my God, they think I did it.


Sandra who claims she had been treated harshly by Dr. Seavers in the past had planned to hand in a resignation that very Monday, the doctor was found dead. According to Sandra, the doctor told her She was bringing bad energy to the office. Now I know why I was not received very well at her memorial. Why Would anyone think that you did this? That is shocking to me. A lot of the patients didn't know the way she treated me, And so people thought maybe you just had enough. Yeah, Sandra Hoskins was cleared when nearly two months after Dr.


Seavers was murdered. There was a stunning break in the case. Police made arrests and the suspects were not from Florida. So we showed up to a press conference, I believe that August, and the sheriff gets up there and tells us simply the name of the first suspect, Jimmy Rogers. And he says he's from Missouri and he's been booked for the murder of Teresa Seavers. Never heard of him because I thought, oh, well, who is he and what's he got to do with This? And then about an hour later, he calls us in again and says, we've now picked up a second suspect.


Curtis Wayne Wright, also from Missouri. It was so shocking To solve this murder. Investigators would travel more than a thousand miles and they were in for a wild ride. They would soon discover this case had as many twists and turns as the Missouri River. Theresa Seavers was bludgeoned to death with a hammer. Neighbors are still waiting for answers.


I said to my husband, The two arrests for Theresa Seavers murder made 1100 miles away in Missouri, seemed to come out of the blue Mark's stepmother, Jenny Weckman. Why? You know, what's going on? Just seemed like such a disconnect. No one had ever heard of the suspect Jimmy Ray Rogers, but it was the mugshot of the other suspect, Wayne Wright, that struck everyone. He had an uncanny resemblance to the victim's husband, mark Seavers. They Look alike. Yeah. At least in pictures they look like twins. And that's in, that's, that's when I started to believe, you know, that definitely there is not something right with with Curtis Wayne Wright.


As it turns out, Curtis Wayne Wright, he goes by, Wayne was no stranger to Mark's family. It was Mark's very good friends And ages and ages. So I didn't believe it. I didn't, It just didn't make sense. Wayne and Mark had grown up together in Missouri. Wayne was at Theresa's funeral. He had celebrated Mark and Theresa's wedding with them, and just two months before the murder, mark had been Wayne's best man at his wedding. Wayne was also a familiar face around the office. Did you two know Wayne Wright? How did you know him?


He was the computer guy that just like Mark Wayne would travel from Missouri to Florida to work on the computers in Dr. Seavers office. How would you describe Wayne? He Was geeky. All he wanted do was get the computers up and running focused, But to me he just seemed like a very geeky creepster. Did he make you nervous? A little bit. I can't explain it. It's just a woman's intuition. How would you describe Mark and Wayne's relationship? They appear to be close friends. Yeah, He always said he is my brother from another mother. Yeah, That was his lingo. Back in Hillsborough, Missouri.


Greg Bolen knew both Mark and Wayne when they both had hair. This here is Hillsborough Elementary School. This is where me and Wayne met for the very first time. In third grade. Greg Bolen remembers his high school classmate, Wayne as a tech whiz. The kid voted most dependable and as a fun guy to hang around with, He actually ran for and became our class president. Smart, Very smart. Quite honestly, he was one of the smartest people with computers that I ever met. But it wasn't long before Greg suspected Wayne Wright had a dark side. In 1996, Greg's brother, Ronnie Boland, a preacher mysteriously disappeared.


His body has never been found. And according to police, Ronnie was last seen with Wayne. Do You believe Wayne Wright killed your brother? Yes, I do. You have no question about that. I have no doubt in my mind. Greg believes the motive was money that Wayne owed. Ronnie reporter Jessica Lipscomb. They found his car with the car keys still in the ignition in a car wash in St. Louis. Wayne has never been charged in Ronnie's disappearance, but he is listed in a police report as a person of interest, and Wayne's no stranger to the criminal justice system.


In 2011, he was serving time for drug possession when he befriended the other suspect in Dr. Seavers murder, a young inmate named Jimmy Ray Rogers, who was doing time on a weapons charge. You could just tell he needed a job. He wanted a job. You know, Jimmy was released from jail. I'll show You. Tyler Juliet and Jeff Conway hired him to work at a contracting company. He liked to tell a lot of stories, a lot of things he told at the time. Nobody really believed Jimmy. He liked to brag a little bit about the things he had done in the past, A colorful criminal past. He says Jimmy would brag about con jobs ranging from stolen merchandise to counterfeit money.


I never felt that Jimmy was a dangerous guy. I just felt like he was a blowhard, honestly. You know, I really felt like he was just a talker. Conway recalls that he had asked Jimmy to work on Monday, June 29th, but Jimmy texted him back and said he wasn't available. All it said was, I can't do that. I'm still in Florida. It was on June 29th that Dr. Theresa Seavers was discovered bludgeoned to death with a hammer insider Florida home. And it didn't go unnoticed to investigators that Jimmy Ray Rogers had a unique nickname. Supposedly Jimmy Rogers' nickname was the Hammer, but I think that was more of like a self given nickname.


If, you talk to some of his friends from high school, they say nobody really called him that. But I think maybe going to jail for the first time, you know, trying to make a name for himself. Maybe that's something he sort of assigned himself to fit in. Why was Jimmy the Hammer Rogers in Florida? That fateful weekend was Wayne Wright with him. And what led authorities to believe they were involved in a doctor's murder? Why would Wayne try to look like Mark? See more evidence from the case on Facebook at 48 hours


Finding great candidates to hire can be like trying to find a needle in a haystack. You get too many resumes and not enough qualified candidates, but not with ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter finds amazing candidates for you. Fast ZipRecruiter's technology starts showing you qualified people for your job immediately ditch the other hiring sites and let ZipRecruiter help you find the needle in the haystack. Try it free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash zip daily. That's ZipRecruiter dot com slash Z-I-P-D-A-I-L-Y.


There's nothing worse than getting home from your trip only to find out you missed a can't miss travel experience. That's why you need via tour book, guided tours, activities, excursions, and more in one place to make your trip truly unre. Regrettable via tour makes it easy to explore over 300,000 travel experiences. Everything from simple tours to extreme adventures and all the niche interesting stuff in between. So you can plan something that everyone you're traveling with will enjoy real traveler reviews. Give the inside scoop from people who have already been on the experience you're considering so you can plan with confidence. Free cancellation helps you plan for the unexpected. And 24 7 customer service means you always have support around the clock. Download the Via tour app now to use code via tour 10 for 10% off your first booking in the app. Regret less, do more with via tour.


Back in June, 2015, practically everyone in Hillsborough, Missouri knew that WA Wright was planning a weekend trip out of town. He let it slip to lots of people that he was going down to Florida. Told some people he was even going to visit the Seavers And it wasn't long before police got a tip that Wayne had been in Florida at the time of Dr. Seavers murder and he hadn't gone there alone. He went with his jailhouse pal Jimmy the Hammer Rogers. He was Jimmy's boss, Jeff Conway, different guy. He told me a story that his brother had graduated from law school and that he had invited Jimmy down to Florida for the weekend.


All expenses paid, But he told his pregnant girlfriend Taylor's show another story. He was going outta town for a few days to work with Wayne. He had told her that he was going down to Florida to make some money. Weeks after Jimmy and Wayne returned, detectives from Florida showed up in Hillsborough, Missouri. They confronted Wayne about that tip placing him in Florida, but he refused to talk. He didn't need to a rental car. GPS gave the cops what they needed to know. On the morning of June 27th, 2015, Wayne Wright got into a rental car here in Hillsborough, Missouri and then went to pick up Jimmy Ray Rogers.


At some point this address was put into the GPS and then the two men took off for the 1100 mile ride to Bonita Springs, Florida. After driving all day and all night on Sunday, June 28th, Wayne and Jimmy arrived at the Seavers home, the Bonita Springs address. It's all right there in the GPSA digital footprint for investigators. When Jimmy and Wayne arrived around 6:00 AM authorities believe they turned off the house alarm. That may explain why Mark's mother, Bonnie was so confused about the alarm system on Sunday.


I was not there at 6 0 9 in the morning. He was turned off at 6 0 9. Eight. One was in there. That's what I'm trying to work on. Oh my God. Then according to the GPS, Jimmy and Wayne left the Seavers home and typed in another address for a Walmart to do some shopping. Obviously looking at that security footage from the Walmart, they're able to pretty quickly determine that that's who who was with Wayne. They made no effort to cover. Their faces disguise themselves. They just waltzed through like they were anyone else. They bought, among other things, trash bags, flushable, wet wipes, black towels, black shoes, and a lock picking kit.


They paid cash for their purchase with a hundred dollars bill. After shopping at Walmart, Jimmy and Wayne continued using the navigation system even to find the beach and soak up some sun. Does it make any sense that this guy who was so good with computers would've left such a trail? It does, but it doesn't To a lot of people looking at it, it, it kinda makes it look like, you know, these guys were just dumb and dumber. But that's a lot of how he operated. After their beach trip, according to police affidavits, Wayne and Jimmy returned to the Seavers home where they hung out for hours in the garage waiting for an unsuspecting Dr.


Seavers to arrive in the early morning hours of Monday, June 29th. The GPS again shows Jimmy and Wayne on the highway headed northbound. For the 17 hour drive back to Missouri, the electronic trail would eventually lead detectives to Jimmy Ray Roger's door. But like Wayne, he denied he had anything to do with the murder. But when police brought in Jimmy's girlfriend, Taylor's show maker, which Means you're gonna swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, correct? Yes. What a story she had to tell Jimmy Ray Rogers took his girlfriend Taylor for a ride right along here, route 47 in rural Missouri.


And along this road, he asked her to throw out parts of his cell phone, which he had smashed earlier, some gloves and a jumpsuit. He said, throw this in the river. And it took me a minute to click in and then I threw the gloves out and waited a minute, and then I threw out the choke scoop. Did you ask why or you just did it? No, I just did it. I was scared. Okay, that's Understandable. Taylor told police, that's when she pushed Jimmy to tell her exactly what happened in Florida And he told me about using hammer on her. Okay. And he said that he killed Theresa Seavers Mark's wife.


Yes. With a hammer. Yes. Okay. Florida detectives now thought they knew who killed Theresa Seavers, but they still didn't know the why. Why would Wayne Wright wanna kill his best friend's wife? Did everyone then say, oh my gosh, mark had to be involved? Definitely. I mean, there was really no putting Wayne in Florida in Bonita Springs inside their house without Mark knowing about it. Did it occur to either one of you that Mark might be involved? No. Not even a thought in the back of your mind.


No. No. Absolutely not. But when investigators downloaded Mark's cell phone, they discovered the Seavers marriage was more troubled than anyone guessed. Despite having $40,000 in cash around the house, they had serious financial problems. And when investigators discovered five insurance policies on Theresa totally more than $4 million, it was a big red flag. Jimmy's girlfriend had told police that Theresa's death was a murder for hire and that Jimmy was supposed to be paid $10,000 And then asked him how does he make money?


And it was murdering Mark's wife. He said that Mark hired Wayne. Yes, and Wayne hired him. Mark didn't know anything about Jimmy being hired. Was The money supposed to come from Insurance from her death? Okay. And did he ever get paid? No. Then almost eight months after Theresa Seavers murder, Wayne Wright, marks lookalike best friend, suddenly turned on him and took a deal. Mr. Wright, why are you pleading guilty today to second degree murder?


Wayne Wright admitted killing Theresa. I'm, I'm pleading guilty 'cause of my role in the planning and participating of the is Theresa Seavers. He said the murder was all Mark's idea and that's what police needed. Do you have Any comment? Mark? Did you hire Wayne Wright to kill your wife? Did you Hire Wayne? Mark Seavers was charged with the murder of his wife. Did you Hire anyone to kill your Wife? But Seavers stepsister says he would never risk losing his children. She believes Wayne Wright had long envied his best friend's life and he's the one who killed Theresa on his own.


Why would Wayne kill Theresa? Because he's a sick man. Do You think Wayne was jealous of Mark? I think it's possible whether he's jealous of Mark or wanted to be Mark, I don't. I don't have any clue. Family and friends point to how Wayne Wright began to model himself after Seavers even shaving his own head. When Seavers started to go bald, I can't explain Greg Boen. They didn't look alike when we were younger. How much they, they morphed into each other over the years, if it was by chance or by their plan? I don't know.


More than four years after Curtis Wayne Wright cut that deal to testify against Mark Seavers, an excon Jimmy Rogers. The two men go on trial. But separately, Rogers case went first. October, 2019, Theresa Seavers mother and siblings were in the courtroom. This case was about the perfect marriage, the perfect friendship, the perfect alibi, the perfect murder Assistant. State attorney Hamid Hunter told the jury that Theresa Seavers death was a classic case of murder for hire.


Mark Seavers was miles away. While Curtis Wayne Wright and Jimmy Ray Rogers killed his wife, And Mr. Wright hit her with the hammer. Hit her again. Mr. Rogers came out of nowhere. Mr. Rogers engages with his hammer and he starts hitting her. Hitting her, hitting her Rogers defense attorney Kathleen Fitz. George, What you heard from the state attorney is what they believe or expect or hope the evidence will show. But it's a bumpy road because they haven't told you everything.


The less. your business spends the more margin you keep But. today everything costs more So. smart businesses are graduating to NetSuite by Oracle. NetSuite is the number one cloud financial system. bringing accounting, financial management inventory HR into one proven platform, helping you reduce it costs, maintenance costs and manual errors. Over 37,000 companies have already made the move to NetSuite backed by popular demand. NetSuite has extended its one of a kind flexible financing program for a few weeks more. Head to NetSuite dot com slash cbs net NetSuite dot com slash cbs net.


Achieving a gorgeous grin from home isn't a total mystery with bite clear aligners. Just don't be surprised if all of your sleuthing friends start asking What's your secret? Begin by ordering your at-Home impression kit today for only 1495 by clear aligners are doctor directed and delivered to your door. Treatment costs thousands less than braces plus they offer flexible financing. Accept eligible insurance and you could pay with your H-S-A-F-S-A get 80% off your impression kit when you use Code Wondery at by.com. That's BYT e.com. Start your confidence journey today with Byte.


The State actually believes Theresa Seavers was killed with two hammers, but only one was discovered on the Seavers kitchen floor. They showed the jury that weapon and the damaging video evidence of the two men near the crime scene. Is this how you found this jumpsuit when you took it into your custody on the side of the road in cadet Missouri? Yes. A fiber from the jumpsuit worn by Rogers was found on Theresa's body. This Time the state calls Taylor Show maker Rogers former girlfriend Taylor show maker appeared shaken.


When she entered the courtroom, she identified that blue jumpsuit, It's his jumpsuit, And told the jury Rogers confessed to her And then asked him how well, how. And he said with a hammer, Then the state called their star. Witness. Next witness State calls Curtis Wright In exchange for his testimony. At both trials, Wright was allowed to plead guilty to second degree murder and will spend 25 years in prison. Mr. Wright, who killed Dr. Teresa Seavers?


I did. And Jimmy Rogers. How many times did you hit Dr. Seavers with that hammer? Three. Mr. Rogers came from somewhere and he started hitting her. What did he do? Just just started hitting her over and over. How would you describe how he was hitting her And a frenzy Rogers did not testify and his attorney, Donald McFarland called no witnesses but told jurors they should not believe Curtis Wayne Wright. Curtis Wright's the only one who ever hit that woman and he's lying to you to save his own worthless skin.


Jimmy didn't have a hammer. The jury was out nearly two days. And then I've been told we have a verdict. Is the state ready? Yes, your Honor. Yes, your honor. The defendant is guilty of second degree murder. Rogers showed no emotion. He was sentenced to life in prison. And then in November, 2019, mark Seavers went on trial for the murder of his wife. He spent much of the prior three years in jail still denying he had any involvement and his family was still behind him. We just haven't seen any evidence that makes any sense as far as Mark being involved, Both his stepmother, Jenny and Step-Sister Connie vowed to support him through the trial.


I will do everything that I can to be there. Are you nervous about it? Yeah. Yeah. Please be seated. Mark Seavers charged with first degree murder of his wife appeared unfazed, even though he faced the death penalty. The same prosecutors who tried Jimmy Rogers will use much of the same evidence in front of a different jury. This is a case in which 21st century technology became vital cell towers, cell tower dumps called detail records that allowed massive amounts of data to be sorted, organized and searched.


But Seavers defense attorney Michael Momart says all that evidence only points to Curtis Wright and Jimmy Rogers as the killers. Curtis swings that hammer right in the side of the head, followed by another one across the bridge of the nose. Curtis says, IS struck Theresa three times in the head with a hammer, but Jimmy did the rest. Testifying again is Jimmy Rogers former girlfriend Taylor show maker now with a new look.


She says her ex was promised a payday, but she can't connect seavers to it. And did he tell you how much money he expected to be making from this? Yes. And what did he tell you? I think it was 10,000. The case again comes down to that star witness, Curtis Wayne Wright, who will now come face to face with his mirror image and once closest friend Mr. Wright, who killed Dr. Teresa Seavers. Jimmy Rogers and I physically did it, but Mark Seavers was also involved in the planning.


For several hours, Wright testified against Seavers. The man he affectionately called his brother from another mother. Why did you do it? I was asked to do it. By whom? Mr. Seavers Wright told the jury that Seavers and his wife were having marital and money problems and that Seavers believed Theresa was planning to leave him and take the kids. The only option that he had was for her to die. And he said that he needed to have her killed. When the judge asked Mark Seavers if he wanted to testify, I'm not going to testify, okay, but I'd like to go home This time.


The jury was out just four hours. The families gathered in the court for the verdict. The jury find as follows as to the defendant in this case count one, first degree murder. The defendant is guilty of first degree murder. Seavers stoic at first began to cry. In addition to the guilty verdict, the jury asked the judge to sentence Seavers to death. This is how former employee Frank pays felt before the trial. What should happen to Mark Seavers? He's facing the death penalty. I I, I think the death penalty is the easy way out.


I think the the pain and torture that he deserves is to sit in jail to the rest of his life. Thinking about his two pride and joy daughters, that should be his punishment. On January 3rd, 2020. Mark Seavers now a convicted killer Return to court to find out if he will get life in prison or be sentenced to death. Is it okay if I refer to my notes? Yes sir. Absolutely. This time he agreed to speak to plead for his life.


Although a jury found me guilty, I'm innocent of all charges. As I've maintained since this heinous crime took place, our girls have tragically lost their mommy and now they're about to lose their daddy as well. It didn't take long for the judge to rule. I judge people's actions. I don't judge people's souls. That's for somebody else to do. Sir, I'm gonna go ahead and adjudicate you guilty on each count. On the first count, first degree murder. This is the order of the court that you be sentenced to death. Sir.


For Theresa's family, it's the end of an agonizing, nearly five year wait for justice. This has been an incredible nightmare. From the beginning, Theresa took down three guys that took her from us. She was my modern day Mother Theresa. I always called for that because she always was trying to help people. Our focus now, huh? We should go on to take care, take care of the girls and give them the love and support that they need.


And we're glad that it's over. Justice has been served. Mark Seavers remains on death row.


If, you like this podcast. You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey


Across America. BP supports more than 300,000 jobs to keep our energy flowing. Jobs like building grid scale solar energy in Ohio and producing natural gas with fewer operational emissions in Texas. It's and not, or see what doing both means for energy nationwide at BP dot com slash investing in America.


Hi, I'm Lindsey Graham, the host of Wondery podcast, American Scandal. We bring to life some of the biggest controversies in US history events that have shaped who we are as a country and continue to define the American experience. We go behind the scenes looking at devastating financial crimes like the fraud committed at Enron and Bernie Madoff's Ponzi scheme. American Scandal also tells marquee stories about American politics. In our latest season, we retrace the greatest corruption scheme in US history as we bring to life the bribes and backroom deals that spawn the Teapot dome scandal resulting in the first presidential cabinet member going to prison. Follow American Scandal on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge this season American Scandal Teapot Dome Early and Ad Free right now on Wondery Plus. And after you listen to American Scandal, go deeper and get more to the story with Wondery other Top History podcasts including American History, tellers Legacy, and even the Royals Paramount Podcasts.