
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


Tired of struggling just for your customers to notice you. Your business needs Constant contact, constant contact's. award-winning marketing platform has helped millions of small businesses stand out, stay top of mind and see big results with powerful tools like email, social media and events. You'll say the right thing at the right time to sell more, raise more and fast track growth. Plus everything's backed by constant contacts, expert live customer support. So get going and growing with Constant Contact today. Try it free@constantcontact.ca.


In the upcoming episode of Killer Psyche, we will be diving deep into the unfolding case of accused Gilgo Beach, serial killer Rex Erman. Follow killer psyche. Wherever you get your podcast, you can listen to Killer Psyche and more exhibit C. True crime shows early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.


48 hours we take you there. It was a perfect family or was it? And I just always wanted to be the best mom that I could be. Then little Sudden a Fell. Their son Stockton was badly injured. I've been riding and laid him on the emergency table and said, our son fell. Help us. And when he suddenly died, Paulette and Kelly were devastated, but their nightmare had just begun. This was a homicide he was killed by an adult Collette was charged with murder. They're Accusing you. We can't even explain to you what it's like. Susan Spencer investigates Never hit him.


Never, never shook him. Never, never. All he had was love. Could this devoted mother have killed her own son? Impossible. Say those who know her best. You Know without a doubt she didn't do it. A 48 hours mystery. It Was very obvious that a crime had been committed. It breaks my heart to think that the doctors think I can do this to my child. What really happened to baby Stockton? Follow the clues in A, Mother Accused.


It can be said of many loving families. The children come first. They are the most precious possession and the most vulnerable. But in our desire to protect them, do we sometimes go too far and rush the judgment? Good evening. To many. Paulette Welch is the perfect mother. Her children, the focus of her life, which makes it especially hard to understand how she came to be living a nightmare. A Mother Accused in the death of her own son. Did the authorities go too far? Well, there's no question that she went to extraordinary links for her kids. There are lots of legitimate questions about what happened to the baby boy.


She so adored. Solving the mystery requires weighing the police work, the medical evidence, and the expertise of the doctors against the character of a devoted mother and wife. Everyone agrees what happened was a tragedy, but was it an accident? Here's Susan Spencer. The hospital's like this nightmare. I run right in and laid him on the emergency table, said our son fell, help us. This Was a homicide.


He was killed by an adult. I lived Stockton and I did not hurt my child. Hey, I am sewing the cupcake muffins have about your cookies. I always wanted to be a mother and I long to be a mother. And when they told me that I can have children, that was really hard because I've always wanted to be a mother. We both wanted a family.


She loves kids and I love kids In the Idaho Falls community where they live. Big families are the norm. But for Paulette and Kelly Welch desperately wanting children did not make it. So We had tried for several years to try to get Paulette pregnant with no success, So we decided to call You know look into adoption As practicing Mormons. Paul led and Kelly applied for adoption through the church. Before long, their prayers were answered. Smiley, sweet, bright. They named her Shaylyn. Sweetie. She was just a wonderful baby.


She walked early, she talks, she's just a joy, always smiling, always happy. Shaylin is so excited. Two years later, again through the church, the Welch is adopted, a baby boy. Hello Stockton. Can you say hi to him? It was very exciting. He was just so sweet and precious and our little girl come over and just gave him a big kiss on the up and said, let's take the baby home There. Two adopted children completed. The family, the Welchs say they had always dreamed of. And life here in this small Idaho town was very good until the morning of May 1st, 1999.


It was a beautiful Saturday. We had a wonderful breakfast. Paulette says She was in the kitchen getting ready to run errands. Paulette had to go to baptism. About 10 o'clock that morning with Kelly, a computer specialist was outside doing yard work. I was out here and I had trimmed around that pole. I got a phone call about nine 30. I just sat down here on the floor and finished my phone call. That's when Stockton crawled up in the chair. Yeah, he was just standing up here scribbling on a piece of paper with a pen. That week Stockton had started climbing. He had been, we'd got him off the table before And so you hang up the phone? Yeah, he's standing on the chair And I was thinking, okay, I need to get stalk to get off the chair because see you, he'll cross up there and falls a lot, But suddenly Paulette says Shaylyn bolted for the bedroom, taking her brand new skirt with her.


I, I kind of ran, followed her down in here. You know I didn't want her to rip the tags off. And I sat there on the floor At that precise moment, Kelly says he came back in the house to check the time. It was somewhere right around nine 40 and I said, well good. I got 10 minutes. I can get the backyard trimmed. So I went out the front door, talked to Steve Wright for, I dunno, about a minute. Neighbor Steven Wright confirms Kelly's story. Yeah, We talked for a minute or two and then he went on back to his backyard, Back inside the house And then put her shirt on her and zipped it up. Paulette says She was still in Shaylin's room. Hello Of a sudden there. Heard a thump When she heard a noise from the kitchen. I come running down the hallway.


Stockton was laying over here on the floor and I just, I picked him up and I comforted him and then I just sat him on the couch and he just kind of fell over. So I knew something was wrong and I picked him up and as I'm running to go get my husband And she yelled at me in the door, hurry Kelly Stockton's hurt. I just dropped the trimmer and run right through the house. He took Stockton from me and then Stockton was passed out and all you could do is hear him breath in And I knew it wasn't good. They, They were panic stricken. He handed Shaylynn to me and they take off The Welchs raced to the nearest Hospital. We knew driving over there, it was bad. The Eastern Idaho Regional Medical Center just minutes from their house.


And I run right in and laid him on the emergency table and said, our son fell, help us. Stockton was carried in by his dad through those doors right there. Emergency room Dr. Jeff Keller. What were your impressions of his Situation? Well, my initial impression was that he was dying. I went into resuscitation mode. Yes, I started an IV in the bone in his leg. That's when I walked out. Can't deal with that kind of stuff. I just remember this can't be happening. And I just remember feeling like I wasn't even there a nightmare Watching this nightmare unfold.


The Welchs say they had trouble even comprehending what was happening. Everything was just slow motion. It just seemed like just a blur. And I just, I just was scared to death. Stockton's condition was critical. Did you get any reaction from him at all? He was posturing point like this, and that's just a sign of severe brain injury, Signs of brain injury and to Dr. Keller signs of something else. Dr. Keller just looked at me and said, what did you do to this boy? And I said, we didn't do anything. The Welchs say they were floored at the doctor's accusations.


It was very obvious that a crime had been committed, that this was a inflicted injury, that this was not an accidental injury. I don't know what to tell him. I don't know what happened, but I didn't do it. But the authorities have been called in A serious injury, had been inflicted on Stockton And they think they know who's to blame. You know. It just breaks my heart to think that the doctors think I can do this to my child. I Mean, It just breaks my heart. That's next.


We brought Stockton in here for a cat scan of his head because it was obvious that that's where the problem was. As Jeff Keller and other doctors struggled to save the life of 19 month old Stockton Welch, We knew immediately that he had this subdural hematoma, this bleeding in his brain. Stockton's parents, Paulette and Kelly could only wait and pray. It took us to a private room for us to sit while they worked on Stockton. And nobody was really saying what was wrong or what was happening. Stockton was rushed into surgery and it fell to Dr. Keller to tell the Welchs that there was little hope.


Most of the time when I go in and tell a family about a family member who's critically ill, the mother and the father are sitting together and are fixated on my face hanging on every word so to speak. The welshes were on opposite sides of the room and were looking down. They did not look at me. How I interpreted it was that one of them had injured Stockton, the other one knew about it. Not only did Dr. Keller think the Welchs had hurt Stockton, he was sure he knew how they had hurt him. The Type of bleeding that Stockton had can only be caused by a severe high velocity trauma By violent shaking.


Prosecutors have used computer animation to illustrate what they say can happen. The baby's soft brain slams against the skull, veins tear bleeding develops around the brain and in the eyes. Shaken baby syndrome, as it's called, can cause blindness, severe brain damage, even death. An English teenager is accused of murdering an American baby. The Massachusetts trial of English nanny Louise Woodward first brought Shaken Baby syndrome to public attention. And could you Demonstrate to the jury how he shook him? A jury convicted her of shaking a toddler to death.


Stockton was killed by an adult In Stockton. Welch. Dr. Keller says he saw another classic case of shaken baby, massive brain trauma, but no fractured skull, no broken bones. So as far as you're concerned, the kinds of injuries you saw in Stockton, Welch Welch would be impossible in a fall as was described onto a carpeted floor, Correct? Absolutely Impossible. Absolute. No. No question about it At all. No question. I've seen children who've fallen out of second story windows. I've seen children who've fallen off roofs and I tell you from my experience, this sort of fall does not cause that injury. The doctors here all agreed, someone had shaken little Stockton Welch and shaken him hard.


In fact, they were so sure of it that they called Child Protective Services while Stockton was still in the operating room. They come and interviewed us. This doctor says, we just want to find out some medical information. These are never easy. These interviews for any of us Staff, pediatrician, Jill Bieber, what was your sort of impression of the Welchs when you were talking to them when you had this interview with them? Well, first of all, Paulette rarely looked at me. I thought that was a bit odd. I felt that Kelly had a, a fake cry. I think he was a bad actor And Dr. Beaver was being very blunt, telling the Welch's flatly.


The doctors thought they had hurt Stockton. It was just Horrible. We just couldn't believe what they were Saying. And I said immediately right back to her. I can't believe you're saying that to us. And she says, well, that's what it looks like. And I said, well, that's not what it is. Our son fell. You're very sure that the injuries that Stockton Welch had were inflicted. Yes. No room for doubt in your mind? No. The legal machinery began to pick up speed. When did you first hear about this case? The very day it happened. In fact, Bonneville County prosecutor Kip Mann wearing also was called to the hospital while Stockton was still in surgery. Dr. Bieber gave him Polaroids of the baby's brain taken during the operation.


From all Indications, this was a shaken baby. Yes. I can't even explain to you what it's like to have your child hurt and to have police officers around you and, and they're accusing you and you just, I can't even tell you what that's like. And then amidst all the accusations, Stockton Welch died on the operating table from massive trauma to the brain. I just wasn't numb the whole time. I just don't think, I mean, it's like your baby died and your numb. It's like you can't think of what you were discharged with because your life's over anyway. I mean They were talking about this baby shaken syndrome, something we had never heard of.


You've never shaken Stockton. No, no. Never hit Stockton. Never. Never seen Paulette do anything like that. Never. No. Never hit him. Never. Never shook him. Never. Never. All he had was love. Lots of love. And we ask the father to bless Stockton Welch Less than a week after Stockton's funeral. Paulette Welch whose previous brush with the law was one lone speeding ticket was charged with first degree murder. I know my wife's innocent Authorities considered also charging Kelly, but zeroed in on Paulette as the last adult to see Stockton alive. I can't even fathom going to jail because for something I didn't do, I just, I don't understand.


Now out on bail, Paulette says it's all become a witch hunt. I Lived Stockton and Jay love Shaylan and I did not hurt my child. Was Stockton's death, in fact just an accident All of a sudden just heard like a thump? Or was it murder?


Next On 48 hours In a suburb, a community is shattered by the death of a beloved wife and mother. But this tragic loss of life quickly turns into something even darker. Her husband had tried to hire a hitman on the dark web to kill her and she wasn't the only target because buried in the depths of the internet is the kill list. A cache of chilling documents containing names, photos, addresses, and specific instructions for people's murders. He turns to a journalist for help. That's me. Carmela Kill List is a true story of how one writer uncovers a global conspiracy. Taking matters into his own hands to warn those whose lives are in danger. And it turns out convincing a total stranger someone wants them dead is not easy. Follow kill list on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts, you can binge all episodes of Kill List early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.


Are you in trouble with the law? Need a lawyer who will fight like hell to keep you outta jail. We Defend and we fight just like you'd want your own children Defended. Whether you're facing a drug charge caught up on a murder rap accused of committing war crimes, look no further than Paul Berggren. All the big guys go to Bergen 'cause he gets everybody off. You name it Paul can do it. Need to launder some money. Broker a deal with a drug cartel. Take out a witness from wondering the makers of Doctor death. And over my dead body comes a new series about a lawyer who broke all the rules. Isn't it funny how witnesses disappear or how evidence doesn't show up or somebody doesn't testify correctly In order to win at all costs? If Paul asked you to do something, it wasn't a request, it was an Order. I'm your host Brandon Jinx Jenkins. Follow Criminal Attorney on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to Criminal Attorney early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts.


All Three $23, $2. Thank you. Thank you. Eight 50. Let's Go. $3 for all that right there. Well this is good. Hopefully we can make some money. The job of raising money to defend Paulette Welch against murder charges has almost been easy. Supporters say We go all out for The wees because of the kind of person she is, She's always concerned about somebody else rather than herself. Yeah. 1, 2, 3, 4 friends have raked in more than $100,000 so far. This Is for the quilt raffle Selling everything from raffle tickets to cookbooks. I think when something like this happens, there's probably very few people that you can say, I know without a doubt they didn't do that.


But with Paulette You know without a doubt she didn't do it. Those who know her best say jurors will see that Paulette is incapable of shaking her baby to death. She's so even tempered. I have never, in all the years that I've ever met her, have ever seen her get upset or get angry. She doesn't raise her voice. I've never seen her so much as slap her kids' hands. It would be so out of character. Just completely out of character. Their confidence is based largely on Paulette's near obsession with being the perfect mother. Paulette's not your normal person. She goes beyond the average mother.


This is Stockton's room. Yes. And you've pretty much left things the way they were. I have. It went from a little baby's room to and then I started to make the little boys' room. I made him some curtains and I made him this Quilt. You made this? Yes. That's great. You made this too. Yeah. You seem to just have gone to amazing lengths. I just Always wanted to be a mom and I just always wanted to be the best mom that I could be. But authorities don't buy it and have issued an order. Forbidding Paulette and Kelly from being alone with their daughter Shaylynn. no One got left right there. The state Elton Welfare took custody of our 4-year-old daughter.


The state says it's for Shay Lynn's own protection. You have to get written permission every time you wanna be alone with your daughter. That's right. But you haven't been charged with anything. No, That's correct. can can't do anything with her without. And somebody being here. So for more than a year as the legal proceedings drag on, Paulette and Kelly have followed a bizarre bedtime ritual. Bill and God made you like no one else. Okay, mama kisses. They say goodnight to Shaylyn. Goodnight. Then head downstairs to the basement. We just Bring our luggage here and spend the night. You know grandparents or neighbors sleep in their room across the hall from Shaylyn And we have to sleep down here in the basement Though cooperative at home, the Welchs and their lawyers are preparing for a fierce battle in court.


This case is gonna be expert, intense Attorney Fred Hoops. Innocent people like Paulette are being unfairly wrongly, falsely accused and it's devastating. A team of doctors including Virginia neurosurgeon Ronald Lusinsky. It's the right thing to do. I think there are innocent people being put in jail. We'll question whether shaken baby syndrome even exists. Do you think you have ever seen a case of a baby injured by shaking? No. I haven't. Impacts, yeah, lots of times shaking. No. No. Do you think that Paulette Welch could have shaken this child very, very hard?


No. If it were theoretically possible for her to have shaken him that vigorously, she should have broken his neck. He didn't have a broken neck. If That's the case, then how did Stockton Welch die? I think he fell. I think he hit his head. It does not happen. You do not get subdural hematomas from a two foot fall Emergency room. Dr. Jeff Keller who treated Stockton. 1, 2, 3. Neither he nor any of the doctors there that day has any patients for zinski's theories. It does not happen to say that it does. Is medical legal malpractice to say that they are wrong?


This syndrome doesn't make sense, But Jasinski insists against prevailing medical opinion that a fall can cause these injuries, but that simply shaking without any impact cannot. Doctors he thinks are rushing to judgment. This child's in the hospital for two hours and if we already got the prosecuting attorney there, either in or next to the operating room, We acted appropriately in calling the authorities. When we did, Their minds were made up. They were starting the prosecution and the baby wasn't even operated on yet. I find that chilling I do. The defense is a very different theory of how Stockton may have died.


You know he he tripped a lot. He fell a lot. And this was my little girl's birthday party like he tripped and fell on our wood of our couch. This particular fall witnessed by several people, happened just two months before his death. Stockton banged his forehead hard When he come around the corner and he seen it. It just kinda took my breath away 'cause it looked So bad. Paulette's lawyers contend that the old injury from this fall was re-injured when Stockton fell, the day he died and that that caused severe internal bleeding. Is that not a plausible explanation for this as well? Well, the Short answer is no. It's Not. Maybe it happens one in a million times, but it happened to Paulette.


I don't care what the medical evidence says because I know Paulette and that doesn't mean anything to me. The court is now in session. This trial will be about Paulette After more than a year of delays. Paulette is anxious. I want my life back. I want my daughter back. I wanna be able to me and my husband and her just, just to be together and I just want it over with. Are You, are you confident? Can you be confident? No, I'm scared. I'm just scared. If convicted, she could face life in prison. State Of Idaho versus Paulette. Martha Welch Paulette's. Case heads to court. Mrs. Welch, please stand For its surprising conclusion. I didn't do this. I think justice will prevail.


I just think it'll be okay. I just don't know. Later in our 48 hours, By most accounts, Paulette Welch is an exceptionally devoted mother, but she's facing trial for the murder of her year old son Stockton. Meanwhile, authorities are preventing Paulette and her husband Kelly from being along with their other child daughter Shaylyn. Also under scrutiny in this case is the whole shaken baby syndrome.


Doctors allege stockton's fatal injuries could have only been caused by violet shaking. Experts say 10% of all cases of child abuse or neglect involve shaking a baby. We'll come back to the Welch's case shortly. But first, Richard Schlesinger reports on another woman accused her fight for freedom may shake your faith. In some doctors, These people thought I killed a baby. How could they think that of me? Mary Weaver has lived Paulette Welch's worst nightmare sent to prison for shaking a child to death and you were sentenced to how long Life.


Life In prison without parole and 10 years Mary Weaver was married, a mother of two and just like Paulette Welch, she had never in her life been in trouble with the police. And then all of a sudden these people have come and arrested me for murder and my children were there and they put handcuffs on me. You just can't imagine how that feels. This is when it all starts. Mary's ordeal began in 1993 when She was babysitting for 11 month old Melissa Mathis. Did you love this little girl? Yes, I did. She came You know five days a week she played with my children. She had just become part of her family.


Your Honor, I would ask that state's exhibit 47 be admitted. It started when Mary put Melissa in her snow suit Up until then, she says Nothing unusual happened, but things started going very wrong very quickly. And when I lifted her up, her eyes rolled back in her head and she quit breathing. 9 1 1 Emergency. I need an Ambulance. Mary called 9 1 1. I have A baby that Stopped breathing, But Melissa died within hours and Mary Weaver was charged with murder. I just couldn't believe it. I just You know. I had held her the day before and She was fine. Yeah. This is Dr. Bennett down the morgue. Her chief accuser was Dr. Thomas Bennett at the time, the Iowa State Medical Examiner.


During his time in Iowa, Dr. Bennett became famous. Matthew's head struck that broad flat surface with An infamous for uncovering cases of shaken baby syndrome. But his critics say he often found Shaken baby syndrome where it didn't exist. Bennett testified that Melissa died after being shaken and slammed. Dr. Bennett said it was equivalent to a two-story fall, the injury that I did to her And that the injury occurred while Melissa was in Mary's care. What did Dr. Bennett do to you? Dr. Bennett took my life away from me. But this man is the state medical Examiner. Well, he was wrong.


Mary was convicted of murder and sent to the Iowa Correctional Institution for women. But her fight was far from over. I wasn't going to give up because I'm innocent. Many in the community also believed She was innocent. This was the first parade they marched in in the pouring rain. I knew that sooner or later the truth would set me free. The case against Mary Weaver began to unravel. While She was here in prison. New evidence emerged That was to say the least startling friends of Melissa's mother said. She told them she dropped her baby and that Melissa's head had hit the edge of a wooden coffee table just hours before the 11 month old collapsed in Mary Weaver's arms.


After 22 months in prison and some intense legal work, Mary Weaver was released and granted a new trial. It's wonderful. It's wonderful to not be by that fence. Excuse me. Dozens of supporters came to celebrate. Oh, Mary, Less than a month later, her new trial began and the impact and Bennett was back saying, medical evidence proved the injury happened on Mary's watch and couldn't have been an accident. The Amount of force necessary is roughly equivalent to what a car crash of 35 to 40 miles an hour or greater into a rigid barrier would produce Same testimony but different verdict.


By now, Dr. Bennett had come under heavy criticism for seeing Shaken baby syndrome wherever he looked. And at this trial, Mary Weaver was acquitted. Here's some articles on Dr. Bennett. How Would you characterize what was going on here during those years? I would say it was a reign of terror for daycare providers. Medical experts started lining up to challenge Dr. Bennett. That's Another good one. Isn't that Dr. Peter Stevens was one of them. Like Bennett, Dr. Stevens is a well-known forensic pathologist. He thought the state of Iowa was hounding innocent people. When I see people You know beating up on some of these mothers who You know may very well have been innocent and probably were innocent You know it makes my blood born.


Other shaken baby convictions were overturned and charges were dropped. In 1997, Dr. Bennett resigned abruptly and went to Montana where he still practicing medicine. Are you bitter at all about What you missed? Oh, I guess I won't allow myself to be bitter and angry. Yeah, because then I will turn into that person that the state tried to say I was. But for Mary Weaver, Dr. Bennett's resignation still leaves some unfinished business. There are several questionable cases where women are still in prison because of the testimony of Dr. Bennett. Each one of those cases deserves to have another look. Denise Roadie, who's doing life for murdering her nephew, may be one of those women.


Nobody questioned Dr. Bennett's findings Despite a mountain of evidence against her, including testimony from Dr. Bennett. Denise to this day insists the death was an accident. This was not a homicide Possibly caused by a short distance fall either from a bed or this baby walker. Hard to imagine that a, a fall of that distance could kill A kid. You know a lot of what we see day by day in forensic pathology is hard to imagine, but it happens. Dr. Stevens has agreed to review all of Bennett's cases for free and has found what he considers serious problems with Bennett's work. He says, Denise May not be guilty Is the reasonable doubt.


You bet there is. But there's no doubt in the minds of experts who helped convict rodie, they believe she and others are trying to exploit the Bennett controversy and that guilty people may go free. We're doing this story, I think You know on on all the shaken baby cases. We wanted to talk to Dr. Bennett. I I wanted to ask you just about your tenure here and things like that. No, I don't think so. But he refused. No, I mean we're not attacking. I believe I still have hope. Denise Rodie has remained in jail pending an appeal. And Mary Weaver, the onetime convicted child killer. Hi John. Hi.


Kristy is raising her kids. How is school today bud? Pretty good. Yes. Every night And in her free time she supervises activities for neighborhood children Ever been to Iowa City. It just, well come to my mind how good it is to be home. And so it just makes me appreciate the freedom that I have. Next State of Idaho versus Paulette, Martha Welch. Paulette Welch faces her trial for murder. Well Sudden name her to thump In the death of her son Stockton. You think she killed him? Yes. We are 100% positive. Sure She could get life in prison.


I'm innocent and and heavenly father knows I'm innocent. But there's a surprising twist. Do you Solemn swear that the Testimony you're about just ahead.


Imagine you're walking through the park one day and you see a suspicious backpack sitting underneath a bench. You report it to the police and upon investigating, they discover two live pipe bombs inside you rush to clear the area before they explode. Saving countless lives and preventing injury. Everyone declares you a hero for a fleeting moment until everything changes and you are declared the prime suspect. This was the story of security guard Richard Jewel. After the Centennial Park bombing killed one person and wounded more than 100 public pressure. And a media witch hunt pushed a desperate FBI to find a suspect. Despite obvious holes in the case and unethical tactics used by the FBI, security guard Richard Jewel was under pressure to confess. I'm Aaron Habel. And I'm Justin Evans. Join us as we explore the aftermath of the 1996 Centennial Olympic Park bombing in the newest season of our podcast, generation Y, the Olympic Park bombing Follow Generation Y on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to Generation Y ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.


As a kid growing up in Chicago, there was one horror movie I was too scared to watch. It was called Candyman. The Scary Cult Classic was set in the Chicago Housing Project. It was about this supernatural killer who would attack his victims if they said his name five times into a bathroom mirror. Candyman Candyman Candy. Now we all know chanting a name won't make a killer magically appear. But did You know that the movie Candyman was partly inspired by an actual murder? I was struck by both how spooky it was, but also how outrageous it was. We're gonna talk to the people who were there and we're also going to uncover the larger story. My architect was shocked when he saw how this was created. Literally shocked. And we'll look at what the story tells us about injustice in America. If, you really believed in tough on crime then you wouldn't make it easy to crawl into medicine cabinets and kill our women. Listen to Candyman. The true story behind the bathroom Mirror murder early and ad free With the 48 hours plus subscription on Apple. Podcasts


Is Stockton's first birthday cake. Bye-Bye. Stockton liked to play on the table in the chairs and he liked to climb. Fall. He a fall. Oh, Paulette Welch understands. It seems impossible. All Of a sudden I turn a thump stocking Her son dies after simply falling off a chair. I don't know what happened but I didn't do it. But that she insists is the truth. Never hit him, never Shook Him. Never, Never. The court is now in session State of Idaho v Paulette, Martha Welch. What's your worst fear out of all this And not being with my little girl and my husband gonna jail for something I didn't do.


The threat of a life sentence hangs over her as for the possibility of some sort of plea bargain. As the prosecution ever approached you with any sort of deal, what would you tell 'em if they did Say no, she Will not plea bargain. Why Plea bargain is something you Didn't do. What she's told us is the truth and and I believe her. But the truth according to prosecutor Kip Mann wearing You think she killed him? Yes. Is that 19 month old Stockton Welch was murdered Universally, the opinion of all the doctors who treated the child was that the, he suffered the inflicted head injury, shaken baby syndrome, retinal hemorrhages to the degree that Stockton had them are only caused by shaking Emergency room.


Dr. Jeff Keller. We are sure we are absolutely 100% positive. Sure They discarded relevant autopsy material. But Virginia neurosurgeon Ronald Osinski on tap as a defense witness seems just as sure that Stockton died exactly as the Welch's claim. I think that the fall that he had fall from the table or the chair was enough to do this. Osinski is part of a small group of maverick doctors who think shaken baby syndrome is both unproven and overdiagnosed. Should We really be putting people in jail over this stuff? You'd better be darn sure that you can prove what you're saying. That you can show it in a laboratory that it really exists.


And This is something that's been studied and been known about for many years. The prosecutor insists there is nothing to the defense theory. You personally have any reasonable doubt? No. And says Shaken baby syndrome should not be on trial here. Please rise. But remarkably in the end, medical evidence plays no role at all in deciding Paulette's fate. In an astonishing twist, just before trial, did You have some additional information From the prosecutor stumbles on a single fact that torpedoes his case. It concerns not Paulette, but her husband, Kelly Welch Came forward just prior to trial and said, I was in the house.


This 15 to 20 minute window of when this injury occurred, Did this represent a change in story on Kelly Watt's Part? It did. As far as I was concerned. Actually, Kelly's story matches exactly what he told us months before I Was out here and I had trimmed around that pole. He went inside briefly to check the time just before Stockton was hurt. It was somewhere right around nine 40 And Stockton was standing right here. Yes, he was in the chair. Yes, he was standing in the chair. And more importantly, court papers show it's essentially the same story he gave at an earlier hearing at the 11th hour. In pretrial discussions, the prosecutor realizes what he is now up against To adults that very plausibly could have inflicted the injury on the child An insurmountable problem.


And Then you have reasonable doubt as to who did commit this injury on Stockton. I mean, it hurts 'cause nobody hurt Stockton. It wasn't hi his dad. It wasn't me. It wasn't nobody Convinced now he can't win a murder conviction. The prosecutor offers Paulette a plea bargain, an unusual deal requiring a guilty plea to the lesser charge of injuring a child. We Were hoping that he would dismiss the case and he offered us this plea bargain In legal circles. It's known as the Al Alfred plea, a complicated agreement that lets Paulette maintain her innocence. If she pleads guilty, it is simply understood that she's only pleading guilty to avoid the risk of a trial and a possible conviction.


I'm innocent and and heavenly father knows I'm innocent. When You're innocent, you can't plea bargain. She Said to plea bargain. She said That's being dishonest. The court is now in session. It's just the sort of deal. Paulette has said in good conscience she never could accept. Mrs. Welch, would you please Stand? But will she risk prison for principle? Mr. Welch, Would you raise your right handed? That's next on 48 hours


At a time when we're debating where policing is going, we're gonna tell you where the police came from. They wanted me to write about the New York City Police Department, but without using the words violence or corruption. So which is effectively impossible, A story of how the largest and most influential police department in the country became one of the most violent and corrupt organizations in the world. Doesn't matter if you're You know self emancipated law person or if you're a free or they're just sending people back to the south, kidnapping them. When officers with the power to fight, the danger become the danger. I was terrified. I'm not gonna talk to the police 'cause they're the ones who are perpetrating this. Who am I gonna talk to From Wondery and Crooked Media? I'm Kuka. And this is Empire City, the untold origin story of the NYPD. Follow Empire City on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen early and ad free on Wondery Plus. Right now, join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple. Podcasts


Hotshot Australian attorney Nicola GABA was born into legal royalty. Her specialty, representing some of the city's most infamous gangland criminals. However, while Nicola held the Underworlds Darkest Secrets, the most dangerous secret was her own. She's going to all the major groups within Melbourne's underworld and she's informing on them all. I'm Marsha Clark, host of the new podcast in informants Lawyer X. In my long career in criminal justice as a prosecutor and defense attorney, I've seen some crazy cases and this one belongs right at the top of the list. She was addicted to the game she had created. She just didn't know how to stop. Now, through dramatic interviews and access, I'll reveal the truth behind one of the world's most shocking legal scandals. Listen to informants lawyer X exclusively on Wondery Plus. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify and listen to more Exhibit C. True crime shows early and ad free. Right now


I am innocent. This is scary 'cause I don't know what the outcome will be. Paulette Welch is facing an agonizing decision risk prison court is now in session or plead guilty to injuring her son Stockton. I lived Stockton and it did not hurt my child. State of Idaho versus Paulette, Martha Welch. Mrs. Welch, please stand. State's evidence would demonstrate that the Stockton Welch received a traumatic brain injury, which we believe was inflicted. Defendant Is free to request a withheld judgment On supporters are here too. Have you explained to your client Oliver Rights? Yes, Your Honor. I have sticking by their friend to the bitter end. Do You solemn swear that the testimony you're about to give are the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?


Yes. Mrs. Welch, do you understand what you're charged with? Yes. Mrs. Welch, are you now prepared to enter a plea to the amended charge injury to child? Yes. How do you plead to that charge? Guilty. Mrs. Welch, are you, Paulette says she forced herself to say that hated word guilty. Are You pleading voluntarily? Yes, Because it was the only way to guarantee she'd be around to raise her daughter. 5-year-old Shaylyn. She Needs a mother and I and I need her life. Doesn't mean anything if I can't be with my family, but this Clearly just tears your heart out. Oh yeah. Yeah. I, I feel in my heart that we could have won the case, but it just isn't worth the risk.


Court does find a factual basis for the guilty plea. Paulette gets no jail time and three years probation. I'm gonna on Monday, after which the judge may erase her guilty plea altogether, You're all excused. She's been through a lot. Paulette, do you wanna talk to us? She's a trooper. Everybody's been there for her. It's not just one or two people. I mean the same friends who believed Paulette when she said she would never plead guilty. It's Just very hard to see Paulette to have to go through that. Our understanding now, She is 31. She has a little girl that she wants to raise. Even though some might have preferred the not guilty verdict that only a jury can render, I Think that it would've been a nice sweet ending to have 12 people You know come back in a short time and say, she's not guilty.


She didn't Do this. But the question remains more than a year after Stockton's mysterious death, has justice been served? Prosecutor Kip man, wearing The full extent of justice from my perspective, perhaps not To go from first degree murder to essentially nothing. She's on probation. Big deal. I concede that this is a compromise. And how did her side compromise By completing guilty that and take responsibility for the fact that Stockton Welch was killed. And you're happy with that? I said I was happy. I said we reached a compromise. I think it's a miscarriage of justice and Emergency room. Dr. Jeff Keller, one of the last people to see Stockton alive. It's a travesty that Stockton Welsh's life meant so little to our town, our society.


I am ashamed. How do you think you'll remember Stockton Welch? Geez, an unfulfilled life. I will feel bad whenever I think about this case. The community is split, but the Welchs are moving on And it goes to her. Authorities now have lifted restrictions allowing them to again be alone with their daughter. I mean, she is just amazing. I think she can just sense the relief and she's just back to her normal, happy, jolly self. We're going up to the cemetery. We want to keep his memory alive.


Paul, you want your jacket? So We go up to Maria's monuments at The family still celebrates Stockton's birthdays. Our dear kind Father in heaven, we're so thankful for all the friends and families on the day of Stockton's birthday. He would've been three on this day. Stockton, Kelly Welch in his memory. Do something nice for someone today. A day to remember the little boy whose death leaves so many troubling questions. Did all the kids Have a okay, Let him go. Shalin, We got a sweet little boy.


Our life will never be the same again. With prosecutors saying that they are satisfied with the outcome. They have no intention of pursuing any charges against Stockton's. Father Kelly Welch, for all practical purposes, case closed.


Denise Rhode remains in prison without the possibility of parole Of If. you like this podcast. You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey. She was brutally murdered. Some psycho killed her For almost 50 years. Karen Velasque searched for the man who murdered her sister. We had a serial killer that was out there almost on a daily basis. Together we would get to the truth. You hear there's no such thing as the perfect murder.


I had a lot of perfect murders. This is Denise. Didn't come home, home, available now on the binge search for Denise. Didn't come home wherever you get your podcasts. My name is Sarah Turn. I spent years fighting for justice for my missing sister Alyssa's turn before an arrest was finally made in her case. After nearly 20 years, I know what it's like to fight for media attention, for answers, and for justice On my podcast, voices for Justice. I provide unique insight into these tragic cases because I know what it's like to not just listen to these stories, but to live them. Listen to Voices for Justice in your favorite podcast player today.