
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


A successful investigation needs facts, creative thinking, and lots of imagination. And that's why 48 hours listeners love Audible with Audible. There's more to imagine when you listen As. an Audible member You could choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest, best sellers and new releases. I recommend the Berman Murders by Doug Carey, a true crime saga set in the Mojave Desert New. members can try Audible free for 30 days, Visit Audible dot com slash 48 hours, or text 48 hours to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash 48 hours or text 48 hours to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash 48 hours


In May of 19 92, 9 days after marrying her high school sweetheart, 20-year-old Jennifer Judd was killed in her apartment. She was stabbed with knives that were just given to her as a wedding gift. Police immediately suspect a friend of the couple, but they never close the case. Then a decade later, a different man confesses, but that confession is dismissed on Who killed Jennifer Judd. A podcast from ID investigator Sarah Kalin attempts to solve this 3-year-old cold case. She speaks with Jennifer's friends and family in hopes of understanding Jennifer's life and her tragic death. She also tries to uncover why the police dismiss the confession of convicted murderer. Jeremy Jones. Listen to who killed Jennifer Judd. Wherever you get your podcasts,


It is a small seaside town just about at the end of Cape Cod. And in the wintertime it's a really quiet place. The people that live here are year round us. Everyone pretty much knows one another. I never wanted to live anywhere else. It's just a beautiful place to hang out unless something really awful happens. Police are trying to solve the first murder in a small Cape Cod town. In more than 30 years, the victim, a local writer named Crystal Worthington, was found inside this house in Truro on Sunday. Krista Worthington was found stabbed once through the left chest, missing the heart, piercing the lung, and the knife made an exit wound in her back and went into the kitchen floor below her.


Worthington's 2-year-old daughter was also at the house on Sunday and witnessed the attack, but She was not hurt. The details that we heard about, apparently Ava attempting to clean her mother's body and finding a child's broom with blood on it and and things like that, that was really, really hard to take. The horror that came into this quiet house in the wintertime at the end of the world and just blew up these little wonderful lives. My name is Eric Williams. I'm a reporter with the Cape Cod Times, and I've covered this case from the beginning.


I'd say she had a very easy smile. She had a wide eye wonderment about the world. She was a mom, She was a great mom. Her whole being lit up just by being with her daughter, Ava She was A flirt. And you know, I could tell that there was, there was an attraction. I'm Tony Jacket. I had an affair with Crystal Worthington and we had a child together. Ava Woodington. It wasn't solved right away. It is a murder mystery that continues to haunt Cape Cod. I think people were spooked.


Who is this person that did it? Where are they? I mean, are they a local? People Around here are getting very Anxious and time went on and sort of rotating cast of potential suspects. Were trotted out. We got Tony Jacket, the father of Ava. It's disturbing to be murder suspect Tony's son-in-Law. Keith Amato was a person whose name came up. Dude, don't Fucking film The guy who found the body. Tim Arnold Krista was an easy person to love and sometimes a difficult person to be around. I think there was the feeling like we're never gonna know whether this was your next door neighbor. That Eras in the murder of Cresta Worthington.


We, I mean, that was a shock. I was out of the blue. They, they arrested a guy. I mean, could you believe it? Susan Spencer reports murder on the cake. This was a, a great mystery. How could a single mom be executed in her kitchen in January in Cape Cod?


Yeah, I love it. No winter time because it is quiet and you have, and I like the cold weather In the wintertime. Cape Cod can feel like the end of the world. It's a real challenge being out on the water, you know, mentally and physically, really a real independent way of life. It's the only world fishing warden Tony Jacket ever really has known. I feel fortunate and blessed that I, I was born and raised here. Tony is like, he's like a nature Boy and that according to reporter Eric Williams is pretty much how everybody in the town of Truro saw him. Hi Nancy. He's a great guy, a gregarious, smart, you know, really a pleasant fellow.


You know, who likes the ladies? You know, In 1997, a new lady came to town, a glamorous former fashion writer from New York. She had a bungalow right next to the Harbor Master Shack and this is the Harbor Master Shack, this pink one that was hers. She's sitting on the porch and I'm right there. And Jacket married with six kids, nonetheless went for her hook line and sinker She was someone very different from the people that I knew. She was mysterious, enigmatic, somewhat of a loner.


Her name was Krista Worthington, a 40-year-old Vassar grad. She'd lived what seemed a life in the fast lane, covering the runways of New York, London, and Paris for top fashion magazines, scoring an interview with Fashion Superstar Eve Sal Laron when She was just 26, That that was her building when she moved back from Europe. But Steve Rader, who dated Krista for two years in New York, says she never felt part of the glamorous world.


She covered, I think She was feeling a little burned out after her European women's wear years. Her prominent New England family owned a slew of properties in Trau Owned by John Worthington senior, Including this one where she moved a few months later. It seemed like the perfect retreat and the perfect place to have a child. She had this having a baby thing in mind and I think she felt that this would be a good place to do that. The complication was that She was not married and didn't have a boyfriend. She was, I think, intrigued with the local color.


Local color, including You. Yeah, well I could tell that there was, there was an attraction, you know, ultimately I ended up over a house having a cup of tea and then one thing leads to another and For about a year off and on, they had an affair. I had become a slave to my ego And for the beautiful writer who desperately wanted a child and the local fisherman who already had six one thing did lead to another. So she comes to you at some point and says, I'm pregnant, right? This is a surprise. This is a total surprise, A surprise. He didn't share with his wife of 26 years.


Even when Krista gave birth to a daughter, Ava in May of 1999, The day she got pregnant, She was ecstatic. I was dumbfounded. Friends insist Krista had been told she couldn't have a baby, but Jacket always has felt. She set him up. How do I explain this? I'm like, all of a sudden I'm, I realize that I'm in. In fact, she had gone on the Liza show the year before to talk about women who choose to be single parents Trying to figure out how to be the best parent to your child, given that there is no Father.


She was very real. She was exactly who She was. Ava became the satter of Krista's universe, says Linda Schlechter, who babysat a few times a week, A very devoted mother, and she would always have Ava on her lap and they would always be playing or laughing. Now I'm just still in a lot of disbelief about what's happened. It seems so unreal. Unreal indeed. I walked into the newsroom here on Cape Cod and we had just gotten word from the police that there had been a, a murder. The first homicide in Truro in 30 years.


Sent reporter Eric Williams into high gear finding sources, working the phones. It was Sunday, January 6th, 2002. Surprisingly, you know, I knew the guy who found the body and you know, next thing I know I'm calling him and talking to him about it. He was calling Tim Arnold, another former boyfriend of Krista's who lived just through the woods from her house. Arnold's story was that he had simply dropped by the house at four 30 that afternoon to return a flashlight and instead got the shock of his life. Sees Krista lying on the floor in a sort of a kitchen hallway area and he sees Ava near her mother's body.


Arnold later told police little Ava was trying to nurse, he said he scooped her up and ran outside. He called 9 1 1 9 1 1. This line's recorded. What is your emergency? Please send somebody 50 road. Okay, what's the problem? It's Crystal Worthing. I don't know what happened. I think she fell it out or something. I'm, I'm sure she's dead. Krista Worthington was dead lying in a hallway off the kitchen. She was bruised up. It looked like there had been some kind of altercation that she had been in. She was half naked and stabbed once through the left lung.


The blade went through the body and into the kitchen floor beneath her body. The front door was smashed. There were drag marks on the ground outside and several personal items scattered in the drive. Some socks were found outside, maybe a barrette, a pair of reading glasses. The disarray continued inside. Shocked EMTs carelessly grabbed a blanket from the house to cover Krista's body. Soon all of Churro knew what had happened. We could have just a phone call that Krista gut murdered. What was your reaction when you got this phone call? Just disbelief. I mean like why it seems so senseless With all the elements of a classic mystery.


Sensational reports of the murder on Cape Cod topped the news around the country. It was a murder that rocked the world of high fashion, leaving Krista's nervous neighbors with no reason to suspect that it would take police literally years to solve this crime. Not that they didn't have plenty of suspects. And it became some kind of, some kind of awful parlor game, you know, in living rooms on the outer cape and, and maybe even beyond as you'd sit around and once again, go through it and try to figure out could it have been Tim? Could it have been Tony? How did it go down? By the spring of 2005, townspeople were starting to think. Police never would figure out who killed Krista Worthington.


This was just a random awfulness that just came screaming out of the woods of Turo and festered for three years.


Finding great candidates to hire can be like trying to find a needle in a haystack. You get too many resumes and not enough qualified candidates, but not with ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter finds amazing candidates for you. Fast ZipRecruiter's technology starts showing you qualified people for your job immediately ditch the other hiring sites and let ZipRecruiter help you find the needle in the haystack. Try it free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash zip daily that ZipRecruiter dot com slash Z-I-P-D-A-I-L-Y.


When I begin a new story, there are facts to be checked and experts to confer with at the outset. It sometimes feels overwhelming. Getting started on a new home project could be similar. It's hard to know where to start. That's where Angie comes in. Angie has over 200,000 pros in their network, making it easy to research, compare and hire top rated experts for any project in your home with just a few taps in the Angie app or a few clicks on angie.com. You could connect with local pros who have been rated and reviewed by real homeowners in your neighborhood. Angie is there to help homeowners get all their jobs done well. So get started on the app or go to angie.com. That's a NG i.com.


I see my a c next time with me. Krista Worthington's Savage murder in January of 2002. Left 2-year-old Ava without a mother and it left the townspeople of Truro edgy, nervous and silently wondering if the killer might be one of them. Who else would come down to the end of the world in January and do this? You think it's gotta be someone who is here?


'cause no one, no one comes here in January. The best potential lead to the murderer's identity, DNA found on Krista's body. It's DNA of an unknown male that's consistent with someone having had sexual relations with the victim and it's that DNA that we seek to match. So says district attorney Michael O'Keefe. Investigators first zeroed in on her immediate circle, especially past boyfriends. You look at the people who are in the immediate orbit of the victim's life While they waited for the crime lab to find a DNA match.


They took a hard look. First there was the neighbor and former boyfriend Tim Arnold. Not only had he found the body, but his semen would turn up on the blanket thrown over Krista. Then again they'd lived together for a time in the house. Tim Arnold was one of the few men under the age of 70 in Truro year round. Krista's friend Steve Rader says her relationship with Arnold at times contentious apparently was over. I don't think that she ever entertained the idea that this was going to develop into a long-term relationship, that they were gonna get married or anything like that.


She, but he may have. He may have, from what I understand, he was, he was more serious about that as a long-term possibility than She was. Arnold emphatically denied to police that he had anything to do with the crime. Have Some quick questions about what your memories of Kris Are otherwise he refused to discuss Krista Worthington these days. Arnold struggles with health problems mainly affecting his vision. But he says memories of what happened in 2002 never are far from his thoughts. I think about it alone. I think about it just about every day.


Sometimes writes about Krista. The Krista I knew was a person of contradictions. She was by turns bright, talented and ambitious. And then a homebody who wanted nothing more than to spend time with her child. While Tim Arnold may have been at the top of the suspect list, I was interviewed a Lot early on. Ava's father Tony jacket wasn't far behind. You can certainly understand why the police would think that you had a motive to kill her. Why Had there was no motive. What was the motive? Ava?


Wow. According to Krista's friends jacket had little time for the baby at first, and eventually Krista demanded that he had least pay child support. She also demanded that he tell his wife, Susan, you didn't have a clue. No, he said, I had an affair. And he said, there's a child. And I said, you're kidding. Then to Tony's total shock, she forgave him. Take A walk on the Beach. It's been too many years and he's a nice man. People make mistakes. He's only human. Look at it. Isn't it lovely?


I don't want this anger in me. I just wanna make this all work. And by the time of the murder, the jackets claim it was more or less working. The three of them had a relationship of sorts with Ava at its center. Tony they say, had no reason to kill Krista. We had her over for dinner and it was a little uncomfortable the first time, but the more I got to know her, I, I liked her. I thought She was a nice person. Susan says Tony was at home with her when Krista was killed. But police refused to rule anyone out and the suspect list was expanding to Agatha Christie size proportions at times, even including Tony's then son-in-law.


Keith Amato who'd taken an outside shower or two at Krista's house near the beach. Even Krista's elderly father was drawn into the investigation through his 29-year-old girlfriend. Just love Taking pictures of me, don't You? A former heroin addict upon whom Krista thought he was spending far too much money. Meanwhile, the state crime lab was hopelessly backed up, months passed with no word on the DNA, taken from Krista's body. The police went to the FBI for a profile of the killer, but nobody seemed a fit. Then finally, a year after the murder, the crime lab at last produced results.


Disappointing results because the DNA from Krista didn't match Tony jacket or Tim Arnold or any other suspect the police had. You have this ever widening circle If you will of investigation going on. First group of people are looked at very, very intensely. Nothing is developing. You widen that circle. The widen circle brought in DNA from repairmen trash men delivery men with pressure mounting. DA O'Keeffe took an unprecedented step asking for DNA from every single man in Truro State.


Police investigators were actually in Truro today asking men outside the post office, outside coffee shops for saliva samples for DNA at that point. Like what are you crazy? I mean, this is such a needle in a haystack. How many people have been tested so far? I'm not gonna say specifically, but dozens of people. Dozens and dozens. These guys are throwing darts at an elephant. You know, I mean, they got no chance. It's just crazy. But chance is a strange thing.


In the three years police were searching for Krista Worthington's killer, an uneasy peace settled over Cape Cod. Did somebody that knows him still No arrests in this case. No one's been ruled out either As the investigation dragged on. You know, It just makes you think, you know, no one Has been named a suspect. Only the random DNA roundup got much public attention. It did seem to smack of some desperation. Meanwhile, whole books were being written about this unsolved murder investigators under intense pressure still would rule no one out, including Tony jacket. I'm left in limbo if they don't solve it and it's, it's, it's not right.


Little Ava, his daughter with Krista, was sent to live with a friend Amira Chase, whom Krista had named Ava's guardian in her will jacket was allowed to see his daughter only one afternoon a week. Who loves you Daddy. That's right. Daddy loves you. Yes. You know that's my daughter. You know the chase is a nothing to this little girl. He fought for custody. Worthington jacket matters zero two W 0 0 0 6. Long rise, But lost to Krista's friend. And Tony thinks he knows why.


Well, being a suspect definitely cost me custody more than anything else. The custody of my, my daughter By 2005 jacket was getting used to another reality. We just gonna have to live with the fact that the perception of my being a suspect is going to stay. But then on April 7th, investigators caught a stunning break. The crime lab had a hit. We have a brief statement to make A match for DNA found outside and inside Krista's body. It just was a bombshell, huge bombshell because we were just like electrified.


Couldn't believe that they had come up with a match, Suddenly a match, a suspect, and an arrest all announced to the world by DA Michael O'Keefe. Three and a half years, good afternoon after the crime Last night at approximately 7:15 PM detectives from the Massachusetts State Police arrested Christopher A. McGowan for the 2002 murder of Krista a Worthington, Which had a lot of people in town asking Christopher who, Who would've figured it would've been the garbage man. That's right. Christopher McGowan had been Krista Worthington's garbage man. True. Was astonished and relieved.


It seemed like a done deal. The results were, They were in the quadrillions. So you're talking about as absolute as one could possibly Get. Well, you know, you pretty much Police picked up a docile McOwen at his rooming house, lying on the bed watching cartoons, marijuana and an open bottle of prescription painkillers were on the table nearby. Incredibly, he'd been right under their noses from the start. Did you kill Krista? Did he kill Krista interviewed twice. Both times he had denied knowing Krista Worthington, he'd given police his DNA voluntarily more than a year earlier. The laboratory could not get you results As quickly as we would have liked them.


Well, A year, Right? Right. When detectives took him in for questioning, McOwen waived his right to a lawyer. They say he again denied knowing Krista. And then he is presented with what I would suggest is a relatively strong piece of evidence that he's lying. DNA Correct Police say. That's when his story changed. He admits that yes, he went there on Friday night. Yes, he had sex with her and yes he beat her, but he doesn't wanna bring himself to admit that he killed her.


So he blames the worst part of it on someone else. The somebody else was McCowan's friend Jeremy Frazier who'd been with him the night of the murder. But Frazier's DNA wasn't found anywhere on Krista's body. Was there an operating assumption that the last person who'd had sex with Krista Worthington had killed her? Yes. From the beginning, yes. And you believe that to be the case? Yes. Kristopher McCall's interview at the police barracks lasted about six hours and for whatever reason he declined to have it recorded. So the only record of this crucial interview is a report some 20 pages long that the detectives wrote from their notes.


About a week later in it, McOwen is sometimes confused and comes up with at least half a dozen different versions of what really happened. The night police say, Krista Worthington died. Chris McCowan didn't commit this crime and the police know it. Attorney Bob George took McCowan's case after the police interrogation and says they jumped to conclusions from the start. Noting that the DA's website listed this murder as solved almost from the moment of McCowan's arrest. A person of Chris McCowan's race class and limited capacities was an easy target And especially easy target.


He says because Christopher McOwen literally wasn't smart enough to defend himself. This is a person with a 76 to a 78 IQ on his best day, meaning on a day where he is not using drugs and alcohol, not under pressure, Under pressure, and under the influence. He was using Percocet that day. He was using marijuana that day. George says his client was putty in the hands of the police. This is a false confession and I don't accept it. What do you say? I don't know how much of it is actually coming from Chris McCowan's mouth or how much of it is coming from the police investigation. I don't know.


As for the DNA, the linchpin of the prosecution's case, the significance of that George says is all in how you look at this crime. The court's now in session, please be seated. And the police he's about to tell the jury are looking at it all wrong. The forensics in the case could very well set Kris McCowen free. That person who killed Krista Worthington was white. They had footprints that were unidentified, they had palm prints that were unidentified and they had unknown male DNA from three individuals under her fingernails.


Hiring is challenging, especially when you're a business owner with a lot on your plate. Thankfully, there's a place you can go for help. ZipRecruiter ZipRecruiter does the work for you to make hiring fast and easy immediately after you post your job. ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology starts showing you qualified people for it experience faster, easier hiring with ZipRecruiter. Try it free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash zip daily. That's ZipRecruiter dot com slash Z-I-P-D-A-I-L-Y.


Fans of the 48 Hours podcast. Know that a good lead is always worth checking out. And if you're a listener who enjoys from the car, you'll wanna know that the National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4 available with all wheel drive. The new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain or wherever your story takes you. Or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander with three spacious rows of seating for up to eight passengers. Plus both Rav fours and Highlanders are available in hybrid models. So no matter your style, you can drive efficiently and save on gas. Visit your local Toyota dealer and check out amazing National Sales Event deals on RAVs Highlanders and more. When you visit buy a toyota.com Toyota. Let's go places


Down the cape. Today the infamous Crystal Worthington murder case has gone from a whodunit to a courtroom drama. Alright, Commonwealth of Massachusetts versus Christopher m McCowen. Prosecutors go into Christopher McCowen's trial confident that the jury will accept their simple theory of Krista Worthington's murder. Now Technically you see That he went to this location for the purpose of having sex with this person, that that was denied to him and in a rage he raped her and killed her. The case against Krista's alleged killer district attorney Michael O'Keefe concedes depends on two vital pieces of evidence.


The DNA and the statement together were the two major pillars of the case. First, the DNA who Performed DNA analysis on 23 samples. The state's expert says it proves beyond doubt that McGowan had sex with Krista Worthington. Christopher McGowan matched the major profile in the mixture Then the statement. Can You tell us your name for the record Please? My name is Christopher Mason With Krista's father and other family members looking on employed As a trooper with the Massachusetts State Police. Trooper Kristopher Mason tells the court that although McOwen didn't actually confess, he did admit to police that he beat Krista and watched her die.


Mr. McOwen stated, I never meant for that lady to get killed. It's a nightmare after nightmare and not a day goes by that I don't think about it. He Went up there looking for sex. Worthington confronted him and it got very ugly In the prosecution scenario. McGowan was drinking heavily that night. He joined friends at a local club. They were videotaped by an onlooker while taking part in a rap contest. This person wanted the company of a woman after partying and drinking all night. So O'Keefe continues at around 1:30 AM McGowan drove to Krista's house in Truo where he killed her and he was alone.


He was alone And he didn't have any prior relationship with her Other than his familiarity with who She was, where she lived and the fact that she lived alone. That is where McCowan's attorney Bob George insists prosecutors have it all wrong. Now, when they found the DNA for 39 months, you will hear they were looking to speak to Krista's glass lover. He wants to convince the jury there is reasonable doubt about everything in this case, Suddenly Krista's last lover was a rapist. For starters, George claims his client and Krista may have been involved.


Kris McCowen could have reasonably had a consensual sexual relationship with Krista Worthington. And anyone who doesn't believe it is someone who just refuses to accept it. And that's the defense's explanation for the damning DNA evidence that Krista Worthington voluntarily had sex with McGowan probably that Thursday, his day for picking up the trash and that later someone else came along and killed her. You don't have McCowan's fingerprints at that scene. You don't have McCowan's hair at that scene. Got McCowan's DNA at that scene. Yep. Consensual sexual episode on Thursday. But George says getting the jury to believe that could be a problem because his client is being tried in Lily White Cape Cod If, you had the same body of evidence and Johnny Whitebread was home for the holidays.


It was from some affluent family under Cape, the same body of evidence he wouldn't have been charged. But miles away in New York, Krista Worthington's, former boyfriend Steve Lauer says race has nothing at all to do with his doubts. Let's hear about that consensual relationship. How long had that been going on? I saw Krista two weeks before She was murdered. Roughly it wasn't going on then. 'cause we would've heard about it. That would've been her top story. Top of the Krista News would've been, I'm having an affair with my local trash man. You won't Believe it. Top story. Yeah. Back in court the defense also must deal with its other big problem, that statement.


And When he walked into that police station on April 14th, 2005, the police had to get a statement out of him. So they intimidated him. George argues in a six hour interrogation, much as they'd done with other suspects like Tim Arnold. And when you told them that you did not kill Krista Worthington, what was said to you? Oh yes, I had. It was like getting worked over, you know, like physically getting beaten up. Another one time suspect, Keith Amato described a similar experience. Trooper Ma slammed his hand down on the table and said, this is a murder investigation and if we so choose, we will turn your life inside out.


They did exactly the same thing to them that they did to McCowen, except that they were smart enough and they had the wherewithal in the background to know when to say, stop. Cut it out. I'm not doing this anymore. I want a lawyer. As far as IQs go, what is what? What's the score for someone who's mentally retarded? George's witness, forensic psychologist Eric Brown, claims that with an IQ of about 76, Christopher McGowan simply couldn't understand the police's questions In 69, he is mentally retarded. Yes. And he's 76 on his best day. Yes. Rubbish says the prosecution. McGowan seems smart enough. When Brown gave him an intelligence test For relativity, he indicated Einstein.


And for Gandhi he wrote Spiritual leader of India. And for co-ran, he wrote Muslim Bible. That's correct, correct. And he was clever enough. The state argues to concoct a story, blaming someone else to be The truth, the whole Truth. His friend Jeremy Frazier who appeared uncomfortable the moment he took the stand. Did You drive up to Crystal Worthington's house with Christopher McCowen? No I didn't. Did you have anything at all to do with her deaths? No, I Didn't. But Bob George wants the jury to believe Frazier could have. What were you drinking? A couple bears at the party. Did you tell the police it was like six Coronas? I don't recall. Certainly Frazier and McOwen were together that night.


The videotaped rap contest shows Frazier listening to music with McOwen nearby. But Frazier supplied an alibi. He later was seen at another party, then slept at a friend's house and his DNA doesn't show up anywhere at the crime scene. He was a convenient patsy for the defendant to blame as he Has nothing to do with this murder. No. Bob George also argues that police bungled the whole investigation. There were fibers hairs, DNA that never made it to a lab and a crime scene contaminated by careless EMTs.


They had all kinds of evidence at that scene that was either mishandled, ignored, or thrown away. Chris Christopher McOwen never testifies betting that his attorney has created enough doubt in this case to set him free. It's based on an assumption, a false assumption that a Vassar educated wealthy Hess could not possibly have had consensual sex with a black, uneducated, troubled garbage man.


This episode is brought to you by FXs American Sports story. Aaron Hernandez from Executive producer Ryan Murphy comes the first installment of FXs American Sports story, the limited series charts, the rise and fall of NFL Superstar Aaron Hernandez and explores the disparate strands of his identity, his family, his career, his suicide, and their legacy in sports and American culture. FXs, American Sports story. Aaron Hernandez Premier September 17th on FX Stream on Hulu.


There's nothing worse than getting home from your trip only to find out you missed a can't miss travel experience. That's why you need via tour book, guided tours, activities, excursions, and more in one place to make your trip truly unre Regrettable via tour makes it easy to explore over 300,000 travel experiences. Everything from simple tours to extreme adventures and all the niche interesting stuff in between. So you can plan something that everyone you're traveling with will enjoy real traveler reviews. Give the inside scoop from people who have already been on the experience you're considering so you can plan with confidence. Free cancellation helps you plan for the unexpected. And 24 7 customer service means you always have some support around the clock. Download the Via tour app now to use code via tour 10 for 10% off your first booking in the app. Regret less, do more with via tour


While the jury and the Krista Worthington murder trial deliberates, There's always that question as to what's the truth, what isn't the Truth? The case is still being tried in the court of public opinion who Had been following the trial And everyone in town's got an opinion. I think the preponderance of evidence indicates that he's guilty. I think he deserves every bit of a reasonable doubt if it's there. I wouldn't be surprised if the guy gets off Days go by, the clock ticks on without a verdict. It's always good when they're out a long time. Christopher McCowan's lawyer, Bob George is taking an optimistic view, insisting that time and the evidence are on his side.


If, you can't trust what you find at the crime scene because the scene has been corrupted. If, you can't trust the statement because it's unreliable. And if the DNA doesn't mean anything, 'cause the defendant could have been involved in a consensual relationship with the victim, then what happened For five agonizing days, the jury, including two African Americans, debates that very question. They Said they were hopelessly deadlocked. Then on day six, all right for the jury, a shocker the judge announces he is throwing one juror off the panel. A white woman whose boyfriend was arrested in an unrelated crime in a phone call with him.


She was taped criticizing the police. And there's concern about bias. You Are to be discharged from this jury. Word began circulating around 1130 this morning that this jury had finally come to a verdict. It is now in session. Please be seated. Two days after a new juror is seated, Regular jury, The log jam breaks. What say you, Mr. Foreman? Christopher McCowen learns his fate. We, the juror Unanim, returned the following verdict of guilty of murder in the first degree. He was devastated by the verdict. Anyone with eyes could see that he was terribly hurt by what happened Hours later before he sentenced.


He addresses the court for the first time. This case, sir, is a very horrendous case. I feel sorry for the helping this family, her daughter and her, and never been for this jail to take place. But he still claims he had nothing to do with Krista Worthington's death. But your Honor, all I can say is that I'm, I'm an innocent man in this case. And, and that's, that's all I gotta say. You know, The court doesn't buy it. The court and hereby send you to be in prison at the Massachusetts Correctional Institution at Cedar Junction for and during the term of your natural life without the possibility of parole indictment number 0 5 0 9 2, the jury having filed you guilty.


Hey Chris, Did I want to not guilty? Of course I wanted to not guilty. You know, my belief in McCowan's innocence is what drove me. That I believed he was innocent and still believe he's innocent and won't believe he's not guilty until the day I die. You want me to stand at the podium? Even after the verdict, Bob George refuses to give up. He's a little suspicious about what really happened to get that juror removed. You've got a juror receiving phone calls on her cell phone from someone who's incarcerated in a deliberating deadlocked jury in a major murder case from the jail. You don't have to be all over Weddle homes to figure out there's something strange about that. We'll find out what happened.


I think there's a lot of conspiracy theory types that you know will never be satisfied. Eric Williams, who's covered the case from day one says, while replacing the juror confused things in the end, he has confidence in the jury's decision. There was enough evidence it seemed to push them to unanimously agree. And I think for most Cape Cods that's good enough. Well, this case changed my life dramatically. It's not something that you ever imagine you are going to have to deal with. Kind of like being in a dark tunnel.


I wonder if you'll ever see light again. Were you glad that this was finally all over? Now officially cleared as a suspect in Krista's murder. Tony jacket is relieved at the verdict. He know The jury Deliberated And carefully Looked at all the Evidence. Although remarkably he isn't sure the jury got it right. I felt there was reasonable doubt all over the place. I think about the trial, I think about what it did to me and, and, and I think about her. Tim Arnold too is happy it's finally over, but to this day, he is haunted by what happened.


Sometimes the weight of events forces you to look back and what do you want to or not? Just something that's always there. These happen to be a few snapshots I took of Ava and Krista when they were here only a couple of weeks before She was killed. Ava lives still with her legal guardians and by all accounts she is doing well. One pretty little girl. Yeah, She was really sweet. When you look at this today, what goes through your mind? Well, you know, I, I mean basically I think She was really happy. She was a great person. We miss her a lot. Ava never will remember those happy times.


But Christa's friends are determined that one day she will know how much her mother loved her. How would you want to tell her about the past? A little bit at a time. Yeah, That good If it won't have her, that's, yeah. It's the enduring tragedy of the whole thing. For nearly 16 years, 48 hours has covered the aftermath of Krista Worthington's murder and Christopher McCowan's trial Of guilty of murder in the first Degree.


Soon after his conviction, the verdict was called into question. When several jurors made allegations of racial bias during their deliberations, that prompted the trial judge to take the unusual step of calling all 12 jurors back to court to be questioned. Their testimony revealed there was racial tension in the jury room and McCowan's attorney Bob George thought it was sufficient grounds for a retrial. Well, in my opinion, it's enough to establish that the statements were made and that the bias statements were made.


Now it's up to the judge to determine whether or not there's gonna be a new trial. But the judge ruled against McCowen upholding his conviction. In 2010, the state Supreme Judicial Court agreed McCowen from the moment he was sentenced. All I can say is that on the innocent Man has refused to give up the fight. Mr. McCowen, do you deserve a new trial? He now has a new legal team and they have filed another motion for a new trial. But for those closest to Krista Worthington, life has moved on.


Tony Jacket maintains a warm relationship with his daughter Ava, who now is in college and continuing to thrive. Ava graduated from college in 2022. She keeps in touch with Tony Jacket. Now Harbormaster in Truro. McAllen's defense continues to explore legal options. He filed four motions for a new trial since his conviction all have been denied.


If, you like this podcast, you can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


BP added more than $130 billion to the US economy over the past two years by making investments from coast to coast investments like building EV charging hubs in Washington state and starting up new infrastructure in the Gulf of Mexico. It's and not, or see what doing both means for energy nationwide at BP dot com slash investing In America,


You've Worked hard to build your brand. So why settle for one size fits all branded clothing lands and outfitters creates apparel your employees will truly want to wear. All backed by above and beyond expertise. See why LANs and Outfitters has been a branded apparel supplier to some of the world's most respected brands for more than 30 years. Go to business dot lands and.com/pod 20 and use Code Pod 20 for 20% off your first product. That's business lands n.com/pod 20, code Pod 20 for 20% off your first product.


Paramount Podcasts.