
What's better than a well marbled ribeye Sizzling on the barbecue. A well marbled ribeye sizzling on the barbecue that was carefully selected by an Instacart shopper and delivered to your door. A well marbled ribeye you ordered without even leaving the kitty pool. Whatever groceries your summer calls for Instacart has you covered. Download the Instacart app and enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three orders. Service fees, exclusions and terms apply. Instacart, groceries that over deliver.


Now, streaming, When people go missing, I get hired to help find them when Lives are on the line. Coter, please find my daughter. He's the man for the job. I'm gonna do Everything I can. Don't miss a moment. Culture's in trouble. I can feel it Of TV's number one show. These People are dangerous. I'm doing this alone. Not at all. Every Batman gotta have their robing culture. Justin Hartley stars And made promise I would never stop looking In Tracker. All episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus and returning CBS fall.


I don't think anyone has a conclusion to this story yet. It's about a little girl that goes missing, and I don't think anyone knows for sure what happened to her. Sabrina, come crawl to mommy. She had just started to crawl. She could not get out of the crib herself. Come on. Oh, she's getting up here. She goes. I gave you said kidnapped. I, it's the most horrific thing you can imagine looking into your child's cri and not seeing her there. Oh God, my baby's coming. My baby's coming. Every night we kick myself because we didn't use an alarm and we had one every night, But I'm not gonna dwell on it If the eisenbergs are telling the truth.


You have to believe that someone walked into their house in the middle of the night to where baby Sabrina was sleeping, plucked her out of a crib and vanished forever, And We needed her back in our family where she belongs. And I know she's out there. I think that Steve and Marlene know more than what they're saying. Police are like, well, we believe you know where Sabrina is or what happened to her. All of a sudden I hear Marlene come downstairs and the next thing I know is there's a gun being pointed right at my face. Well, at some point it became just like a soap opera. Where is your Daughter? Not only has our daughter been taken from us, but they tried to destroy everything about our family.


You tell us where Sabrina is, it Hurts. She's seven years old and she's not home yet. That kills me. Where's our baby? Happy Halloween. Happy Halloween. See everybody. Happy Thanksgiving. Hey, Marlene. The the Young Bride. Happy birthday.


I love you. Our life is like a fairytale. We started off so happy. Say Happy New Year. Monica Blow. We're very naive, young, happy go lucky. And I don't think we're so naive anymore and Reina's crawling and she's almost Five months old. I don't think we're so happy go lucky anymore. Marlene and Steve Eisenberg would be the first to tell you they're just a regular family. When you encounter a stranger or someone that doesn't know you very well and they ask you how many children you have, what do you say? Three, Because that's how many children I do have. But their youngest daughter, Sabrina, has not been seen or heard from for more than 10 years.


Not since November 24th, 1997 when the five month old seemingly vanished. I believe she's just a beautiful young lady, seven years old. She's not a baby anymore. I have dreams often that she's coming home and that we're playing and, and the dreams are as vivid as they're real. Have you been able to successfully rebuild your life? We are a happy family, but we will be an ecstatic family when we're all together like we should be. Steve and Marlene Eisenberg's ordeal began here at their home in Valrico, Florida, just outside of Tampa.


It was six 30 in the morning and Marlene was beginning her day rising early as usual before her husband and three children. Immediately though, she sensed that something wasn't quite right, that something had gone terribly wrong. I remember just screaming 9 1 1. Are you open up? My baby's out the cri. Alright, ma'am. Need to calm down. Oh God, my baby's gone coming. I, it's coming. It's something I really don't like to listen to because I can't, I, it just brings everything back. Marlene and Steve would like to forget everything about that awful night, especially the garage door that they admit to leaving open.


Yes, The garage is left open. Do I was left open. I think the garage must have been left Open. Would you have done any, anything differently about securing the house for Oh, for sure. My God. Like What would you have done differently? What we do now, I look at the doors every night and we make sure they're shut and locked and we turn the alarm on every night. We kick myself ourself because we didn't use an alarm and we had one, Of course, we would do things differently, But that night with the door open, the eisenbergs can only assume that someone crept quietly into the house and snatched Sabrina while they were sleeping.


My baby's not in her crib, you know, where is she? All right, stay on the line. Do you have other kids in the house? Monica there. She's, she's I consistent baby. After Marlene called 9 1 1, Steve went next door to a neighbor. The doorbell rang that morning and your wife answered The door. Yes. What happened Next? The first thing Steve had said to my wife was, she's missing. Scott Middleton is a former Tampa cock At the time, he and his wife lived directly across the street. My wife had ran out that out the front door, and Marlene was waving just, you know, Hey, what do you mean?


Well, it was, you know, it wasn't the panic, you know, it was, it was not a panic parent. Immediately his police training kicked in. What was struck you as odd that morning There? Just, you know, and I'm A Parent myself, there wasn't any emotion there to say, Hey, my kids are gone. But this news video shows how distraught Marlene was. That November morning Sabrina disappeared. I, I didn't understand anything that was going on. I mean, it, it was, it was just all hysterics When I called Marlene, and it was a miracle that she picked up and she was a mess. Good Friend Kathy Dotson heard the panic in Marlene's voice.


She was crying, and I said, I just heard is, is it true? I mean, I was just blown away. And she was like, yes, yeah, I gotta go. I gotta go. I mean, she was just a mess. Within minutes, deputies from the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Department descended on the iceberg home and the media was right behind them. This was a great story. Being A Parent. I hate to say that anyone's missing child is a good story, but as time wore on, it became a very interesting story. TV reporter, bill McGinty covered the story for WTSP, the CBS affiliates in Tampa. This Was the lead story in our newscast every day for months, because every day there was something new to tell.


Sheriff's Deputies began an extensive search in and around the Isenberg home, but found nothing there. There are mass witnesses at this point. We have no reason to to believe that they're involved. Still. Deputies were struck by the disheveled appearance of the Eisenberg home to the cops. It spelled neglect. But to her friends, it was just the way Marlene was. She wasn't an immaculate housekeeper. Anybody would testify at that, that, you know, her house was a mess By the end of that first horrible day, And I'm begging that person to please bring our baby back to us. Police encourage the couple to go on TV and plead for their daughter's safe return.


But to a curious public, the Eisenberg seemed cold and aloof. Most people thought, at least the speculation on the street is, if my baby were taken, I'd be a lot more upset than that. Some people looking at that have said that you seemed strangely unemotional. First of all, you're in shock and my baby is gone. I have no idea where she is and I have to say something. And we all miss her and love her very much. And we need her to come home to us. Please. You don't know what to say. You don't know how to react. There's not a book that you read on, on what to go through when you're, when you've had something horrible happen in your life. But like a lot of people, McGinty thought there was just something slightly off about their story.


It's a little tough to swallow that somebody went in through a door and took a baby out of a crib right across the hallway from where they were sleeping. You know, you drive into the neighborhood, there's one way in, one way out, and they live on a cul-de-sac. There's a big wall around their neighborhood. Suspicion was growing around the Eisenbergs. Take this snippet of videotape for a brief moment. Less than a second. Really? Steve was recorded with a smile on his face. Well, a lot of our behavior was what was dictated for us to do and be by the police when we were leaving our house. One day, they made a joke and we laughed. The focus of the story shifted from Sabrina Eisenberg, five months old, missing baby to Marlene and Steve Eisenberg.


Even Brownie, the family dog came under scrutiny. Why had she not barked at the intruder? Brownie was a nut. Would Brownie bark at his own shadow? Yeah. Brownie was a dog that was full of all kinds of energy. Rambunctious dog. Laid back, laid back, laid back. Brownie did not bark. Nope. With the Eisenberg's permission, the FBI tapped their phone so that any call from a kidnapper could be traced. One of the first calls was from Steve's brother Dave, a lawyer. Well, what what's going on down there? I mean, I mean, the detectives are doing their job. They're following every lead they have. When detectives listened in, they were amazed that Steve supposedly awaiting a call from his child's kidnappers Never answers the call waiting.


Beep that kicks in. Every other phone call is the press right now. The the detectives are in a meeting To the police. This was proof. The Eisenbergs knew much more about Sabrina's disappearance than they were letting on Any concerned parent they thought would've taken that call immediately suspicious. The detectives confronted Marlene, We call them here to help us find her or who took her. Where is she? And this person sitting there telling me, you know, well, we think you know where Sabrina is and what happened.


Now streaming, When people go missing, I Get hired to help find him when lives are on the line. Coter, Please find my Daughter. He's the man for the job. I'm gonna do Everything I can. Don't miss a moment. Coulter's in trouble. I can feel It of TV's number one show These people are dangerous. I'm doing this alone. Not at all heavy. Batman gotta have their route. Coter Justin Hartley stars and made a promise I would never stop Looking in Tracker. All episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus and returning CBS fall.


24 hours after Sabrina was reported missing, the Eisenbergs were frustrated with a police response. They chose to look for a body, not a baby, any lead that was called in for a live baby at the airport. They didn't follow up on it. 9 1 1 a neighbor, couple nights before Sabrina was taken from our house, a woman had her window of her baby's room broken into a couple of nights before 1533 hours. Are you telling me that the police never conducted an honest search? They tried to find a body. The Investigators never really got past. Mr. And Mrs. Isenberg Graham Brink, a reporter for the St. Petersburg Times has written extensively about the case.


Most people, I believe, would tell you that the community thought they had done it or that it was an accident and they were covering it up. You understand that the police had to investigate you. Oh, sure. Investigate us, but follow other leads. The statistics show that when when a baby is abducted, there's only one chance in a thousand that someone other than a family member did it. Well, guess what? You are meeting number one right there. She goes to William's shoes. There's her big brother acting silly. Hi. Before Sabrina disappeared, life for the Eisenbergs largely revolved around their three children. Sabrina and her two older siblings, William, then nine and Monica.


Five. You know, I I love kids. I love my kids. I love my friend's kids. And I want you to tilt your head up and blow as hard as you can. Marlene even started her own business. Four kids running a baby and toddler exercise program. Steve worked real estate in Tampa's booming economy. We Are just regular people, But ugly gossip was spreading. Tell me, what kinds of things were you hearing? One of them may have been having an affair that the baby may not have been. Steve's biologically. The eisenberg's meanwhile continued to cooperate with the investigation. Sheriff's detectives gave the couple lie detector tests and then reportedly leaked information that some of Marlene's answers were deceptive.


The results of your first polygraph test, Marlene was inconclusive. Correct. And you failed the second test. I was Told I was inconclusive on the second test as well. Police said that you failed it. I was told by them that I was inconclusive. The investigation was now three days old and at the advice of his brother, Steve got a lawyer. You guys should get an attorney. You know, because these people are, you know, they're out to get you. The Eisenberg's hired Barry Cohen, one of the most high profile and combative lawyers in Florida. What kind of lawyer are you? Good lawyer. Damn good lawyer.


Very Cohen says there's nothing that points to his client's guilt. There's no physical evidence. This entire investigation, the FBI, the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office, did not produce one piece of physical evidence that even suggested that either one of them were responsible. Everybody's probably a suspect and they've been asked the hard Questions. Despite that, Cohen says, Sheriff's detectives had one mission to prove the eisenbergs were involved. When I saw the police were acting in bad faith and that they were destined to try to, to frame Marlene and Steve, that's where we stopped cooperating.


The Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office refused to talk to us about the case. But reporter Bill McGinty says the cops definitely pursued other leads, even though the vast majority were from people who mistakenly thought they had spotted Sabrina. They were running two parallel investigations. One looking at the eisenbergs and one looking into every other possibility. We went to their Eisenberg war room where they had volumes of information, places they'd been to thousands of different leads, But there's no doubt the police felt stymied just when they thought they were on the verge of breaking the couple. We are not going to permit any further interviews. The case became very adversarial.


Would You say that the Eisenbergs are cooperating in the search for Sabrina? Limited cooperation? Very limited. It was Barry trying to defend his clients as best he could against what he saw was a hoard of investigators and prosecutors trying to bring them down. Why would innocent people need to hire a lawyer? Because the law enforcement officers were not trying to find the truth. Leads were pouring in, but the police clearly thought their best suspects were sitting right in this house. In a highly unusual move, reserved largely for mob bosses and drug kingpins. Hillsborough County sheriff Detectives got a warrant allowing them to secretly plant small listing devices or bugs in the Eisenberg's kitchen and bedroom.


Why did the police wiretap the home? I think they thought it was their last chance of getting the eisenberg's. This would not be a good place for microphone. 48 hours asked Mike Paris a wiretap and bug detection expert to come to the Eisenberg home to show us how the wire tapping operation worked. This is the actual bug. That's the microphone here. Yes. It's quite sensitive to It has ability to pick up a whisper within probably about 30 or 40 feet. Paris explains that the bug is attached to a transmitter and then placed behind a wall jack to an existing telephone line. A sophisticated eavesdropper is gonna wanna be able to have access to wire like we have here.


The sound then travels along outside phone lines to a nearby police station and the sound quality. Excellent, Excellent. As long as it's applied correctly, which Is Critical. That's correct. Every day for nearly three months from 7:00 AM to midnight, Sheriff's deputies listened and recorded thousands of private conversations going on in the Eisenberg home. They had a lot of pressure on them to make a case, so they figured if they're guilty, they'll probably talk about it. Sabrina had been gone for two months when a federal grand jury was convened to examine her disappearance. Where Is Sabrina? The Eisenberg were asked to testify, but Cohen advised them to invoke their Fifth Amendment rights.


He advised you not to testify before the grand jury looking into your daughter's disappearance. Well, why wouldn't you wanna do that? We did what we felt was necessary at that time. You Know how it looked though. Your daughter is missing and you two don't wanna cooperate with the process. You don't want to testify. He's not the grand jury. That's True. We cooperated with the whole process. We cooperated a hundred percent. You didn't testify before the grand Jury? No. That, you know what? If you have any other grand jury questions, you can ask our attorneys. Why Did you advise the Eisenbergs not to testify before the grand jury? I knew the reputation of Steve Konz. Steven Konz was the lead federal prosecutor in the case.


And to put it mildly, Cohen doesn't think much of him. He has no business in the system. If he worked for a corporation that'd be sued for negligent hiring and or negligent retention successfully, Is that when things got really ugly? You know, things have been ugly for so long. We don't remember when they became ugly. As the grand jury heard testimony, social workers showed up at the Eisenberg's front door to investigate whether the couple's older children, William and Monica were being mistreated. So what did you make of this? Was this a strong arm Tactic? Totally. I think they wanted to scare us and let us think that they were taking away our children.


They were. They just wanted to. No, because they could talk to 'em all evening and that children would let them know that, that all we do is love them. But it's just another effort on the part of the authorities here in this case, to break these people. But their ordeal was only just beginning. It was like the scariest thing to have a gun pointed at you. I mean, he was literally aiming the gun right at my face. The swamps outside Tampa keep many secrets.


Do they also hold the key to solving the mystery of what happened to Sabrina Eisenberg? Searchers seem to think so, but after a year and a half without any answers, the sheriff's office was feeling the pressure and Barry Cohen knew it. They were embarrassed. They didn't want to have another Ramsey case on, on their hands out here where the investigators were. Made a fool out of Like the Ramsey case, detectives looking for Sabrina come Home to us. We're convinced the parents were somehow involved. I think once law enforcement collectively decided that the eisenbergs were responsible and guilty, then whatever it took to implicate and to charge them, then that was going to be done.


John Fitzgibbons, a former US attorney now in private practice in Tampa, says Barry Cohen. Lemme finish, Lemme finish. I don't care what, what the, what they said In his zeal to protect the eisenbergs was aggravating investigators. Barry basically and repeatedly stabbed his finger in their eye throughout the case. We don't know if they've correctly written down what they've said. We don't know whether they've taken outta context. We don't know whether they've confabulated the information. He mocked the investigation. He publicly challenged the investigation. They Should be apologizing not only to the eisenbergs, but to all of the other law enforcement officers whose integrity they have undermined.


Do you think that using kinder, gentler language and being more cooperative would have helped your clients more? Well, no, I don't think any, I don't think this case called for any euphemisms or any kinder language. This was a war. This was a war. You don't go into a war with a BB gun. The eisenberg's. Meanwhile, we're trying to keep their hopes alive. We know we didn't harm her, and I can't believe anybody else would harm her. I believe that she was taken to be loved by someone. What I think about is how can I bring my daughter home? And that's what's most important to me. By May, 1999, the Eisenbergs were struggling financially.


So they sold their house in Florida and moved back to Steve's childhood home in Bethesda, Maryland. I believe that the police are someone you're supposed to teach your kids to respect. And I could not do that living in Tampa. And just four months later on September the ninth, they received some unexpected visitors. I was packing because our family was going to Boston for Rosh Hashanah clothes on the bed and cars pulled up and got a look and seeing people just walking around the driveway.


I didn't understand who these people were, why they're all coming here. So I called Barry, I called my attorney. I'm literally on hold, you know, wanting to talk to somebody. It must have been a new secretary or something. And she didn't know where anybody was. They've broken into the house. All of a sudden I hear Marlene come to come downstairs. You need to come downstairs. And I come right here. And the next thing I know is there's a gun being pointed right at my face. And he's just pointing a gun right at me. And I'm like, just in shock, just looking at them, what's going on?


And he is like, put down the phone. And I was like, put down the gun because it was like the scariest thing to have a gun pointed at you. I mean, he was literally aiming the gun right at my face. The intruders tell Marlene who they are, the FBI, I said, did you find Sabrina? Where is she? And at that point they said, we didn't find Sabrina. We believe that she's dead. And I said, no, I don't believe that. I'll never believe that. And they said, well, we're arresting you At the same time. Across town agents are arresting Steve. They put me in a cell strip, searched me. They did the fingerprints, the photos, and the whole time.


I'm just thinking, you're making a huge mistake. You're, you didn't look for our daughter and, and you're making the biggest mistake right now. Pro believe they have an airtight case because of the secret wire recordings. The indictment also charges. The Eisenbergs discussed on several occasions that the baby was actually dead and what story they would tell authorities concerning the disappearance of the baby. They are later released on bail using Steve's father's home as collateral. Steven Marlene, did you kill your guys? Did you kill your daughter? No comments. The Eisenbergs are indicted not for murder, but for conspiracy and for lying to investigators.


The charges, if proved, could send them to prison for up to 30 years. I'd like to give you a chance to respond to that indictment and say something on your Behalf. Guys, The indictment was based on the police bugging operation that lasted nearly three months. More than 2,600 conversations were recorded between the Eisenbergs in which police say they discussed killing their daughter. The indictment was horrific to read and That they could even put a bug in our bedroom, especially the bedroom. It's just, you know, it's a sanctuary for a husband and wife.


And it's scary to sit there and say, oh my God, you know, look what they're trying to do to us. What About, did you Kill your daughter? Prosecutors said the Eisenberg's tape conversations were devastating. Marlene reportedly said, the baby's dead and buried. It was found dead because you did it. The baby's dead. No matter what you say, you just did it. Steve supposedly responded, we need to discuss the way that we can beat the charge. We will do what we have to do. I thought the government has a hell of a powerful case here At the couple's bail hearing. A federal prosecutor tells a judge she had heard Steve Eisenberg on the tape say, I wish I hadn't harmed her.


It was the cocaine. I'll do drug tests from now to eternity and you'll never find any drugs in my system. I said, Steve, I said, look at the detail in this indictment. I never said anything that they say. I said, Marlene never said anything that they say. She said. And I said, Steve, I believe you. And then I went back and we finally got those tapes. But do the tapes contain a confession or will they just add to the confusion already surrounding the case?


Every week on the Moth podcast, real people tell their stories of heartbreak, humor, and crime live on stage. This identity theft was different because this person had messed with the most dangerous type of person that exists, which is someone with limited options and a lot of free time For mysteries, big and small. Follow and listen to the Moth on the Free Odyssey app or wherever you get your podcasts.


It had been more than two years since baby Sabrina vanished from her crib. Federal prosecutors were sure they had a case, not a murder case, but a case of conspiracy. They were determined to get a confession. I knew pretty shortly that it was gonna get ugly. Barry Cohen fell. Prosecutor Steven Coons was overzealous. He's totally ambitious, he's totally irresponsible, and he believes in one thing and was getting a conviction and getting his name in the paper. In December of 2000, the Eisenbergs, the Feds and the secret tapes were about to have their day in court. The courtroom was packed and everyone was there for one reason and one reason alone.


To hear the bombshell recordings When they told us these are the quotes, we have them on tape, everybody thought, oh wow. Gee whiz, they're, they're dead in the water. These tapes were the backbone of the prosecution's entire case. But can you hear what's on them? Listen closely. I later described it as it's sounding like chickens squawking with a hurricane playing in the background Static, a lot of tv, a lot of noise, And all we could hear in the courtroom that day was mumbling.


And you could hear the hum of appliances and things like that. But the prosecution heard more than just noise. They believed they heard incriminating evidence When it was played in open court. The judge looked over at the prosecutor and he had his glasses on the end of his nose. And that look was a glare. This is the best you got. Barry Cohen hired a former analyst from the FBI to listen to the tapes. He said, well, I'm gonna call it the way I see it. I said, that's great.


When he submitted his affidavit that he had listened to the tapes and the, and the tapes did not match up with the words in the transcript. I thought that was the turning point of the case. Former Prosecutor John Fitzgibbons. It was just astounding. There were sentences and paragraphs that that didn't connect up To combat. Cohen's expert witness, Stephen Koons, hired audio expert and private investigator to the Stars, Anthony Pelicano, whose clients included Michael Jackson and Elizabeth Taylor Pellicano had a reputation for resorting to violence to get his way. I learned that he bragged in articles that were written about him, about getting people to talk to him with a baseball bat and slicing people's faces.


A real fair word would be that he was just a real scumbag. Anthony Pelicano later pled guilty in another case to possessing illegal explosives. Why would the government stoop to hiring Tony Pellicano when shortly after that he was indicted himself And he served two and a half years in federal prison. It appeared that Pellicano and the prosecutors were the only ones in the courtroom who could hear the incriminating evidence. This came as no surprise to the Isenberg team. One of their lawyers on their legal team sat back in his chair like this and just looked at the media and said, told you, I can't comprehend how someone with a even a minimum amount of intelligence could come up with those phrases when listening to the tapes.


This is the worst transcription I have ever seen. 48 hours hired our own audio expert to listen to the tapes. Jack Mitchell has worked for the US Department of Justice. This entire paragraph right here is nonsense. It's almost as if it were just simply made up. There is no evidence whatsoever on any of the recordings that I have examined that will implicate the eisenbergs in the disappearance of baby Sabrina. None.


Mitchell has analyzed hundreds of tapes during his career and is convinced that some of the most incriminating quotes may not even belong to the Eisenbergs. That means to me that it's possible that this whole matter of need to have you kill me all the way down through the baby's dead and is a television program. See, we have a lot of interference here. Remember when bugging expert Mike Paris talked about the sensitivity of the microphones used to tape the eisenbergs? Have you been able to understand No.


Any of this? No. This is very unusual. It sounds like they had some sort of technical problem with the application. The damning evidence was nowhere to be found. All lies. Just all lies. We knew that there was nothing on those tapes. Never. It just goes to show what a furtive imagination the, the police had. All of this was enough to make Barry Cohen suspect the worst. You believe that the eisenbergs were framed? Yeah. Don't you? Why would they wanna frame the eisenbergs? Why They wanted to get a quick confession, clear this case and look good.


But the only problem was they didn't have any facts. So they had to make 'em. The prosecution's case against the couple began collapsing. Now it was the Feds who had some tough questions to answer. Prosecutors told the judges that the bugging conformed with state and federal laws. Is that true? No. They were lies. They mislead the judges to get permission to bug the house. Yeah. Misled the euphemism. They lied to the judge because they didn't have any evidence. 9 1 1. I gave you some kidnapping. For example, police told the judge that Marlene's nine one one call was quote an emotion.


Oh God, My baby. I think at the end of the day, the police crossed the line. And whether the eisenbergs are guilty or innocent, they were victims of police Misconduct. Here. In fact, two judges appointed to review the case found the Eisenberg tapes were quote, largely unintelligible. They called some of the prosecution statements, false and pure fiction in a stunning blow to the prosecution. The recordings were ruled. Inadmissible The case against Marlene and Steve Eisenberg is all but of officially thrown Out.


One week later, all charges were dropped, felt vindicated. It was a relief. Vindication. No relief. Yes. After our repeated calls to lead prosecutor Steven Coons were not returned. We approached him for answers. Yeah. And I would be interested in speaking to you about, I can't the prosecution of this case, I'm sorry, sir Steven Koons was temporarily demoted while he was investigated by the Department of Justice. His supervisors refused to comment on the outcome, but he is still a federal prosecutor.


While it was a hollow victory for the Eisenbergs today, they hope a new clue will bring their daughter home. Putting all the pieces together to come up with an age progressed image of what we feel Sabrina will look like. The old family secret recipe. Do you want a regular spoon or do you wanna use that? Monica? Today Steve and Marlene Eisenberg are settling into a normal family routine. Any chance you get to like, huh? Caring for their children.


William and Monica, You used to love that, But Sabrina is not forgotten. Come on you pretty girl. Come on. Pretty girl. They even keep a separate bedroom in their Marilyn Home Reserve for their missing daughter. We go to bed at night. We say goodnight to all our kids. We go downstairs, we kiss William, we kiss Monica and we say goodnight to Sabrina. We walk by this room Even buying her souvenirs from their vacations. When she comes home, this is her stuff and her room and her beanie babies.


And she can play with 'em and do anything she wants with 'em. They believe their daughter is somewhere alive and well and is being raised by a family who desperately wanted a child. Aren't these reminders painful though? Don't you go into that room and and want to cry? No. I go into that room and say, okay, why aren't you coming home? You know you're gonna love these things. When are you coming home? It hurts. She's seven years old and she's not home yet. That kills me. But Marlene has good reason to never give up hope. A possible break in the case of another missing child, Sabrina Eisenberg, who was abducted from a Florida home.


It was May, 2003 when a couple in Illinois began adoption proceedings. When a 6-year-old child who did not have a birth certificate, I thought she definitely looked like Sabrina as a baby. I mean they, the pictures were very similar. Pontiac Police Chief Don Schlosser began an investigation. A woman whose identity no one knew handed the child over to a second party. A lot of people, including the Eisenberg's, believe the mystery behind Sabrina's disappearance was about to be solved, Gives us optimism that she's gonna be coming back home to our family. It all just seemed like it was gonna fit that this could be really her.


And you know, we were just on pins and needles and on edge just praying that it was gonna be her. For two weeks, Steve and Merlene waited for the results of a DNA analysis. The Paloma's DNA did not match. It was very difficult and very emotional for all of us. Paloma's natural mother was a Mexican woman who abandoned her baby at a clinic on the Texas border. A nurse there gave the baby to her sister in Illinois. There was no malice in what she was doing. She simply went about the process in a, in a wrong way. Eventually the sister did adopt Paloma.


Legally. Are you still angry? If they bring Sabrina home, I won't be angry. You know? And I have to pray that they do the right thing, that they will look for her and bring her home. There's pictures with Monica Holding Sabrina, William, and Sabrina Today. The Eisenbergs put their hope in those who stood by them. I'm A believer. And we're gonna bring Sabrina home With the National Center for Missing Children. What day did she go missing? What is the child's race where she would go meet when she met online? The staff at the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children has been invaluable here In the forensic imaging unit.


The cases don't even come back here until they're at least two years old. Joe Mullins is a forensic artist at the center who creates age, progressed photos, baby. He was abducted at 21 months. Yep. Of what children may look like years after they've gone missing 21 Years later. And this is how close we got. So this composite sketch led to his recovery. Yes, it did. It did. This technology has helped in the recovery of almost 800 children. There's A split screen of her brothers and sisters at about the same age as she Would be today. Using facial features from Sabrina's older brother and Sister Mullins creates this image of what Sabrina might look like at age seven.


I pray to God somebody can look at her and say, that's an eisenberg. Do you really believe she'll come back to you? I believe it. I know you're only focused on finding your daughter. There will still be people out there that will look at the two of you and say, you know what? They got away with it And what they got away with it. And when she comes home, everyone will know the truth. And what we ask is that you look to help her her home so you can see the truth too. If you have any information about Sabrina Eisenberg, please call 1-800-THE-LOST


Now streaming. When People go missing, I get hired to help Find him when lives are on the line. Coter, Please find my Daughter. He's the man for the job. I'm gonna do Everything I can. Don't miss a moment Coulter's in trouble. I can feel It. Of TV's number one show. These People are dangerous. I'm doing this alone. Not at all heavy. Batman gotta have their Rob Coter. Justin Hartley Stars and Made a promise I would never stop Looking in Tracker. All episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus and returning CBS fall.