
Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plug in hybrid RAV four, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue Book kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


This season. Let your shoes do the talking designer shoe warehouses packed with fresh styles that speak to your whole vibe without saying a word from cool sneakers that look good with everything, the easy sandals you'll wanna wear on repeat. The ssw has you covered. Find a shoe forever you from the brands you love like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, new Balance and more. Head to your DSW store or visit dsw.com today.


He is one of the most decorated green berets in history. George Ekk is the American story of success, The hero on the battlefield. He a silver star. Three Purple hearts a colonel. I stand For integrity, devotion to Duty, but in civilian life, he's in a world of trouble. I loved Her. I still love Her. The colonel is accused of murdering his wife. What did you Kill her with? Colonel? I did not kill her. Even the colonel's old army buddy says he confessed Bri silver And grab my arm. They'll never catch me. I'm too smart For him. Susan Spencer tracks down an incredible story. Could this American hero be the target of an international plot to destroy him?


You believe that Russell Preston is framing the colonel? Yes I do. He looks like the least likely person on earth to have committed a crime like this. What's a murderer look like? 48 hours investigates who killed the Colonel's wife? Welcome to 48 Hours investigates. I'm Leslie Stahl. His name is Colonel George Marek a real life American hero To his admirers, he's a man of honor, but he's also accused of murder.


The question a jury must decide, did this former Green Beret who learned well the arts of war to defend his country crossed the line in civilian life? Our Susan Spencer traveled around the world to Asia and Europe for this story, but her report begins near a place in North Carolina called Cape Fear. I stand for integrity, devotion to duty, love for your nation and above it all truth. Retired Colonel George Meek may be 68, but he's still tough as nailed.


Still every inch, the Green Beret, These are my decorations. The Distinguished Service cross. In fact, one of the most decorated Green Berets in the Army's history. The Distinguished flying cross, the bronze star, the silver star three Purple hearts From Heartbreak Ridge in Korea to the Ho Chi Minh Trail in Vietnam. This Star-Spangled Soldier really has seen it all. I kind of pride myself that out of all the years in wars, I only lost three people, And this is over how many years?


Three, six and three wars. Only three people. I had to write a letter to the parents saying they died. I took care of my people. But the most astonishing thing about George Meek today is not his past glory, but his present situation. George Meek was one of the best wartime soldiers the Army had ever seen, but he did not do nearly as well in peace time. This American hero stands accused of murder. You have no doubt George Marek killed his wife. None whatsoever.


He struck her with a blunt object and drowned her. Bottom line. Colonel, did you kill your wife? No, I have not. June 3rd, 1991. Hey, VIOT. Colonel Marek and his Thai wife Viot were vacationing as they often did at Fort Fisher, a military recreation area near Cape Fear, North Carolina. They both loved the outdoors. I like to come here because I feel like she's here with me. This is actually the cottage where you were? Yes. He says they spent that morning at the beach after lunch he says he went back to the beach for more sun. I left the cottage about one 20, which was at the beginning of the second episode of all my children, VI says, told him she planned to check out fishing spots.


I told him to go down on this sand that you've seen over here. In fact, the stranger recommended one just the day before He asked me where a good secluded area Was. When he got home at five, he found the cottage empty. He says he never saw his wife alive again. The next day he says he found her bludgeoned body face down in the Cape Fear River. This is where a poor little girl was when I found her dead. She was somewhere in this direction right here, somewhere in this direction. Okay. She was babbling on the water. I think I screamed. I think I I, yeah, I know.


I screamed and I just just grabbed her holding her like if I wanna kiss her, He dealt matter of factly with death on the battlefields. He says, but this hit too close to home. I don't think you really can describe it that that that's like a lightning going through you. Flashes and, and anger, and, and, and uncertainty and, and frustration. As the worst thing ever happened to me in my life. Marriage act took authority to the body.


Then they took him to the hospital. A grief stricken spouse. I loved her. I still love her and I will always love her, will always carry in my heart. I think that's sort of the surface that George Meek wants the world to see Because says prosecutor Tommy Hicks. George Meek is the killer and Hicks thinks he can prove it. George Meek's version of how he found the body was not the case. What really did happen, the search for clues leads around the world. Also Back in time to the shadowy era of Cold War espionage and to a family split apart.


It's Turned everybody against Everybody. As an American war hero fights the battle of his life on trial for murder. Next on 48 hours, investigators Who did it, who killed with Marek Retired Colonel George Marek is about to go on trial for his wife's murder and this is the third time he calls it persecution. I know that I haven't done anything. I know I'm innocent.


The first trial ended in a hung jury. The second jury convicted merit check, but he won a new trial on appeal. He has contended from the start that the state is trying to use his military career against him, trying to portray him as a trained killer. The police he charges have used him as a scapegoat to cover up a botched investigation. They didn't preserve anything. He says they ignored crucial evidence at the crime scene, including a pair of shoes, beer cans, and a footprint in the sand. They destroyed it This time. He thinks the jury will see things his way.


If anybody treasures life, it would be a guy like me who'd been on battlefield. George was extremely brave. Retired general Sidney Shack now has known Mayor Shaq for 30 years. Huh? If I was to go back into combat, I would want George Meek with me. He led by example. He commanded respect because of what he has accomplished. George Meek is the American story of success. The The Colonel's incredible story starts here in the Czech Republic in his hometown of Donna on the German border.


He was born here in 1932 and within a few years the Nazis were moving in. By the time he was 12 years old, he was in the resistance, but the Germans caught up with him. He says he survived a concentration camp and fled Europe after the war. When I saw the Statue of Liberty when we pulled into New York, I was speechless. He became an American citizen at 25, but he vowed to one day help free his homeland from communism that made him a natural for the special forces. He volunteered to go to Vietnam.


By then he was married, he left wife Billy and three kids behind. What kind of father was your father? He wasn't home a lot. He was in the army and at war. Daughter Susan Kirk. I loved him. I missed him. I adored him. He was kind of like a hero, Honest, straight up American soldier. But son Michael says their relationship was sometimes rocky. He's sperm. He's hard. You know he runs a straight ship and you know that's the way he wants it.


Ed is difficult to maintain good family ties when you and the infantry officer that is usually committed in trouble spots around the world. His first marriage ended in divorce. He found himself single stationed in Thailand Vi Wong, meanwhile was in her mid twenties living in Bangkok. We are walking toward a dormitory where Vipa used to live in The very neighborhood where her best friend Joey today, still makes her living selling food on the street. We were like sisters.


We were really happy. I remember her smiling face And Joey remembers that Viot wanted more than anything to live a life abroad. She was ambitious. She Wanted to have a brighter and better life. She introduced me to her boyfriend here and we had coffee. The boyfriend was Marek jui had her doubts about him from the start. He was handsome in a good looking westerner, but his eyes showed that he was a playboy. I wanted her to change her mind, but she said there was no problem.


And this is our wedding picture. The Mareks married in 1982. My nickname to her was Kota, which is a Thai word for baby doll. And that's really what she was just a warm, cuddly, very efficient, trustworthy, good wife. Good is not good enough. Excellent. She gave me from Thailand and the always have it on, But her best friend in America, Shaw says things were not what they seemed From the beginning. I didn't think it was a very happy marriage. The year before the murder, Marek made three trips to the new Czech Republic, now retired.


He talked of moving there, even running for office. Shaw says Viot felt her marriage crumbling Many times she had tears in her eyes and she said, always my fault. Always my fault. Marek calls that ridiculous. I don't think that we ever had a bad day in our marriage. Never had a bad Day. No, I really don't think so. You couldn't be mad at her. He remembers that they took that fateful vacation to celebrate their ninth anniversary. That's her. This is the last picture you have. Yeah, Three June, nine o'clock in the morning. Today she got killed sometimes in the evening.


Joey remembers Vierra two. It is so hard to talk about. There isn't a day that goes by that I don't give food to the monks. And when I do that, I say her name. We believe the person will get what we are giving. What Ing Shaw remembers is how worried she was for her quiet friend. And I prayed and I said, dear God, let her come back Because she says just before the couple left for Fort Fisher, VIOT was scared to death.


She said, in, if I don't come back, promise me call the police. This case is about a woman who knew she was going to die and that was what the case was about. Next on 48 hours investigates,


Ladies, you'll end up shopping for your guys' deodorant. Right? So try degrees original. Cool rush. You see, last year degree changed the formula and men were mad. One guy even started a petition, so degree admitted they messed up and brought the original cool rush scent back. It's clean, crisp, and actually smells like someone you wanna cuddle. And it's in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So toss one in your cart and find out why it's the best selling men's antiperspirant for the last decade degree. Cool. Rush is back and it smells like victory.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight. You can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely and parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk-free today at greenlight.com/spotify.


It was the most unusual homicide I'd ever seen. Prosecutor Tommy Hicks remembers the very moment his boss gave him his daunting assignment. Good morning. Convict a war hero of murder. You look at Colonel Meek's record, he looks like the least likely person on earth to have committed a crime like this. What's a murderer look like? This murderer left few hints. She was sitting on the bottom of the river. She had been completely stripped of everything. No crime scene and no murder weapon either.


And at first, no clear motive, but they certainly had a suspect. They pretty much focused on merit check because from the very beginning they can tell he wasn't being truthful with him about what he was saying about his wife's disappearance. What you're saying and what we see are two different things. Well, I felt sure that I had the killer sitting in front of me. Detective George Landry questioned the colonel shortly after the murder. That was Sunday when we walked and says his story was inconsistent. It was Monday Routine questioning. It Was very harsh, very intense. Quickly became an interrogation. What Did you kill her with? Colonel, what did you get her with?


I did not kill her. I needed to get his attention. Oh Colonel, I beat on the desk and You were here. No sir, I called him a killer. You killed her. What did you do with her clothes and jewelry? I did not kill her. Please sir. This is, this is ridiculous. Marek still insists he didn't kill his wife. In fact, he spent hours frantically searching for her on that night in 1991, Once I got seven o'clock I got, I got very concerned somebody could have abducted her or sexually abused her or something. At eight o'clock we called 9 1 1 Police patrol the area, but they said it was too early to officially declare Vro a missing person.


So Ekk says he searched on his own. Searched. In fact, until almost midnight I didn't go to sleep. I was drinking tons of coffee. The next morning he says he scoured the area again and shortly afternoon he found Viper's body here at this grassy point on the Cape Fear River Just ran down there and grabbed her and pulled her in on a more solid surface. But Prosecutor Hicks wonders why the colonel didn't go straight to the place the stranger recommended to the Meritex the day before. Here you've got a man that is so intelligent and is so smart.


He's talked to a guy who says this is a good place to go fishing. Tells him how to get there and it takes him 12 hours to figure out that might be a place to go look for. You're saying that logically that should have been the first place he looked. Wouldn't that be the first place you would look? But Meek says the truth is in a four page document he wrote after Viot disappeared. This is a very meticulous document from stating specific times to noting that your wife had low-fat cottage cheese for lunch. Yes. So You were thinking that clearly at the time. Well, Of course I have to be specific all my life because my job in the military as a leader, I have to pay attention to what I'm doing.


And when I did it, Rubbish says Tommy Hicks. The statement was supposed to be an alibi and it doesn't explain where the colonel really was. The afternoon OT died And nothing really becomes contested till about four o'clock in the afternoon. Remember Meek says he hadn't seen his wife since lunchtime. Hicks says that's a lie and he's got witnesses to prove it. It was probably right along in here Off-duty. Cops Tom and Beth OU were driving past Fort Fisher that day at about 4:00 PM I would probably say when I first noticed them, they were probably about where the car is When Tom says they passed a Caucasian man and an Asian woman on the road apparently headed away from the beach toward the river.


I'm sure the man standing in the road was Colonel Marek. Beth isn't so sure. I could not identify either one of 'em. I couldn't tell if they were coming back from the beach or going to the beach. She's seemed distraught, But like Tom Ulu handyman, Dennis Rude says he also saw the meritex walking toward the river a few minutes later at about four 15. Yeah, I could actually feel her eyes on Me. What's more he says Viot seemed upset. She Just looked at me and she wouldn't take her eyes off of me. Something just didn't seem right to me. It just looked like somebody just was walking with somebody that they just didn't care to be with.


Prosecutor Hicks says tensions in the merit check marriage were obvious to many people, including the colonel's own daughter. He acted like he didn't even wanna speak to her, would prefer she wasn't in the same room with him. The phone would ring and it was always the same thing. You know, I think he's having an fear and and your dad's not, you know, doing right. The year before the murder, Marek had spent weeks at a time in the Czech Republic. Her biggest fear, if you will, okay, was that you were having an affair with your distant cousin Hannah. Was that true? No, Not at all. We do have letters that tend to indicate that there's a relationship and I think his language is the important thing is that we be together.


It stunk that raped This former army buddy of Marek says there was an affair. Let's go check this out. And he knows the truth about the murder. Why? Because the colonel told him. Now he wants to tell the jury, Bruce over and grabbed my arm. They'll never catch me. I'm too smart for with a, with a real firm grip cold.


They Call them special ops, the elite troops. Now at the center of America's war on terror. As a highly decorated green beret, George Marek was one of the best of the best. Now the 68-year-old retired colonel is in a very different kind of fight. He's on trial for the brutal killing of his wife. The prosecution says it's a very simple case. It was murder for money and another woman. But the Colonel's defense team points to a dark conspiracy, an international plot to discredit an American hero. Here again is Susan Spencer.


Number one is going in up there. Number two, he's gonna get ready to go right here. It's 5:00 AM Get the arms forward, roll the feet around properly. A few weeks before Colonel Meek's third murder trial and Butch Hendrick is hard at work. He's been brought in by Meek's supporters as an authority on homicide by drowning at least When she's found. Yep, we're within 10 feet To prove a body put in the river at the critical time our Primary mannequin is on. The move Would've been swept away. If it gets out and makes it past this point, it's going to be gone. It's gonna be traveling down the river. If she was put in while the tide was going out, she would've gone out to see.


The prosecution says that proves nothing about whether the colonel killed his wife. We need to have a final strategy meeting. But Mary check's lawyer, cliff Barnard welcomes any good news. I Guess what impressed with the colonel, he took this case for free. We are scrambling, trying to do the best we can As he collects evidence. I am feeling apprehensive about getting this all together. Barnard has asked the judge to delay the trial. I'm an attorney who's representing Colonel Marek To find old witnesses and he hopes new ones. Trying to find everybody we can. How far is that mannequin out there? One new defense witness already has surfaced.


If They would've just run out here and drawn a basketball in the water back then they could have figured it out. The colonel's son Michael testified twice that his dad hinted that he was the killer. Now he says police brainwashed him. It pisses me off because they lied to me bend the truth, you know, make up something else to be the truth that ain't. But while Michael will testify for the defense, this time I left My dad, I still left my dad, His sister Susan, is on the prosecution's witness list. A reluctant witness for whom loyalty has lost out to what she fears is the truth. If dad has done something he shouldn't have done, he needs to be in prison.


He planted down to the last detail. Russell Preston is a former army buddy of Meritex and like Susan at first could not believe his hero was a murderer. But now, No doubt in my military mind. Why? Because he says Meek all but told him. So almost two years after the crime, We were sitting side by side and I squired around to him, said, George, listen, this has gone on long enough. It's starting to stink. You reach over and grab my arm, they'll never catch me. I'm too smart for 'em. With a, with a real firm grip. Cold. Cold as eyes mean as a snake. Why didn't you run home and call the cops?


Several reasons, several excuses. None of them good. This wasn't the first time Preston had done his friend a favor. Just days before her murder, VIOT had asked Preston's check born wife to translate some documents she'd found. They appeared to be letters from her husband to his check cousin Hannah, and she suspected they were having an affair. She Suspected it was between her husband and his mistress and she was going to get them translated to use in a, in a divorce trial. Instead of translating them for her. You call her husband. Why did you do that? Loyalty. Special Forces brotherhood. Marek denied any affair.


Still In those letters were some language which tended to indicate that they had some sort of plan to be together And that says Tommy Hicks is a motive for murder. The plan is ready. I only need time. And your help with it and it goes on. I'm always thinking of you. I wish to be there with you. It will be soon. Trust me. I have to hurry. I'm sending you a kiss. I love you terribly. That's not a love letter. No. Just friendly. Says Meek and lost in the translation is that he and Viot were planning a trip to the Czech Republic. The plan is ready. What? What does that mean? The plan was to have a big celebration to to welcome her to my country of birth.


At first, Russell Preston believed merit, Czech's story, but he says he was surprised when a few months later the Colonel's cousin Hannah moved in with him and then She told us that they'd gotten married and but he didn't want anybody to know just yet. Hannah Meek today says, so what? It's it law in America though Inform and everybody immediately after you got married. But Preston was concerned about something else. Yeah, he had remodeled his house extensively Blacktopped his driveway. Just an exorbitant show of wealth. Tommy Hicks thinks he knows where the money for that came from. I do know that he bought the insurance, A life insurance policy that paid out $300,000.


Meek bought it for Viot just six months before she was killed. There's a woman, there's money. And those are two of the oldest motives in in the history of all time. Meek says insurance is just prudent. I Do it because it's a good management Thing and he resents any implication. He is lying. Did you take a lie detector test? No. You never took a lie detector test? Not your own attorney, not the police. My own attorney did. You took a lie detector? Yeah, my own attorney. And how did that come out? I really don't know. He never said. Weren't you curious? No, because I don't believe in lie detector test. Did he ever take a lie detector test?


Oh yeah. And flunked It. He flunked it. Yep. Flunked it. Like flunked it flat out. Flunked it. Flunked it. As the evidence mounted Colonel Mareks one time admirer became an important witness against him. Colonel Meek was living a lie. But Meek insists. It's actually Russell Preston who's been living a lie and he hopes to discredit him in court. He's a rapist. He's a womanizer. Matter of fact, he's a traitor. Russell, Does Russell Preston have a shadowy past and might he be out to frame the colonel? That's next.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply.


Sometimes historic events suck, but it shouldn't suck. Is learning about history. I do that through storytelling. History that doesn't suck. Is a chart topping history telling podcast chronicling the epic story of America decade by decade. Right now I'm digging into the history of incredible infrastructure projects of the 1930s, including the Hoover Dam, the Empire State Building, the Golden Gate Bridge, and more the promises in the title history that doesn't suck. Available on the Free Odyssey app or wherever you get your podcasts.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor's, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes? Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply.


He'll be voted guilty by a jury of his peers sent away for a long period of time, which is as it should be. If Colonel George Marek is convicted, Russell Preston may be the main reason why. So defense lawyers would love to discredit both him and his story that Meek once bragged he'd get away with murder. Just that get in also settle In Preston's checkered passed. The Meek team thinks it's hit pay dirt. Flashback to 1990 G. When thrilled by the fall of communism, George Meek traveled back to his homeland and began making political connections.


Preston says he was thinking big. He Wanted to be. Of course president of the Czech Republic thought that he was a natural, But the Colonel supporters charge that Russell Preston himself set out to make sure that never happened. Why? I believe Preston Is a tool for someone Because Preston was a spy for the Czech Secret police or so says Meek's friend Jan Banish, a former dissident who thinks Meek was a threat to the communist old guard. Anybody who lives free and who thinks free is a threat for this system. So the theory goes, Preston invented the murder confession to frame the colonel to end his political hopes, meek only hopes the jury buys it.


What do you know about his ties to the check secret police? Well, he was definitely on the books. He had a number And in fact, Russell Preston also had a file in the archives of the Check Secret Police. It shows he traveled behind the Iron Curtain in 1987 and 1988, meeting at this Prague Hotel with an agent code named needle. Even from what's left of the file, it shows they met five times In Prague. We met with a former high ranking check secret agent Colonel Jan Belichick.


Every foreigner of any interest was put into a room which was tapped And we asked him to evaluate the Preston file. It is clear that he was work on to be an agent for the STB. We are looking in a possibility when Preston was controlled in the past, so whoever it was could be still controlling him and might try to use him against ache. Mr. Ross Preston. Russell Preston is hardly undercover relaxing with musician friends in Germany.


Preston says emphatically he is no spy out to get the colonel. They wouldn't have sent their former agent Russell Preston out to frame him. Oh, this is, this is rich. This is rich. This is the theory. Oh, that's you gotta do better than that, George. Good luck. Preston freely admits visiting Prague in the eighties as a tourist and says, of course, as a Green Beret, he would interest the secret police. Were you ever in contact with any agent from the check secret police? Knowingly. Not knowingly. Indeed. The file doesn't indicate that Preston ever responded to attempts to recruit him.


Did you ever provide intelligence? Not to the checks. Not to the checks. Not to any foreign government. Let me, let me make, make more sweeping. We finally located the one shadow we figure who should know if Preston worked for the secret police? Colonel Yaroslav Britek once in charge of recruiting him. We met for an intense two hours at this hotel coffee shop in Prague and the ground rules were simple. No cameras, no recording and no notes. But there was no doubt about what the former agent had to say. Russell Preston, he insisted, never worked for the Czech Secret Police. A high level US military source told us the same thing and it's clear the spy charges will be hard to get into court.


I just don't think that I'm gonna be able to get enough evidence to present this, But determined to discredit Preston This's in your car. Yes, the defense has another card up its sleeve. There were some allegations that Russell Preston sexually assaulted some women In 1993. Despite his suspicions about the Colonel Preston looked up two friends of Hanah Meritex in Prague. A year later they accused him of rape. You have sex with both of them? Yes. You are telling me that this was totally consensual. Absolutely. Preston admits to adultery but says it was not rape. He Knew he did wrong. Meek did report him to the military and Czech officials investigated as well.


My decision was this was not a rape Prague. Detective Paval Oswald says charges were dropped after the women told him exactly why they'd spoken up. They would never report this on their own. They stated they reported it after being asked pressured by Mrs. Mar, she really pushed it to women because it would help. In the case of her husband happening in the us You took a lie detector test. I took two and passed Them both flying colors. The army also eventually dropped the rape charges. It was clear during the investigation proceedings that the alleged committed crimes had been fabricated.


Still the struggling defense may try to get this into evidence at the trial That might show some of his motive for trying to testify against the colonel whether Or not they can undermine Preston. The defense has one more card to play. She walked in as I was walking Out a new witness. Do you appreciate the fact that this is in the defense's eyes? An absolute bombshell information. I do appreciate it greatly, but I know what I Saw. Will his testimony save the colonel next on 48 hours? Investigates


This episode is brought to you by select quote. Life insurance can have a huge impact on our family's future With select quote, getting covered with the right policy for you is simple and affordable. Select quotes, licensed insurance agents will tailor your experience to find a life insurance policy for your needs in as little as 15 minutes. And select quote partners with carriers that provide policies for many conditions. Select quote, they shop you save. Go to select quote.com/spotify pod today to get started.


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker? It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95 including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses or find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to warby parker.com. That's warby parker.com.


Good morning. After just 90 days preparing their case, Guys doing a super Job, Colonel Marek and his team of attorneys have their backs against the wall. We Are scrambling trying to do the best we can at this point with what we've got. 60 Feet. Now the expert who did their mannequin test is out of the country and an apparently fed up judge has denied motions for a delay. That's it. Of course, I'm scared. Only fools that not scared, But on trial day he marches off to battle head held high. You're clearing your mind and you start focusing on the objective.


Russ Preston is here too. Also on a mission. Go tell the truth, the whole truth, not about the truth. Meek's one time Army buddy is here to tell the jury how Meek once boasted he would never be caught. Alright gentlemen, If the jury believes him we're in deep trouble, Justice will prevail you. Of course. In opening arguments, prosecutor Hicks tells the jury that Viot Meek was terrified her husband was going to kill her. The defense says the evidence, the life insurance and letters could just as easily show that George Meek was a good family man and that the state's witnesses are either confused or lying.


The real fights are gonna be coming up in the next couple of days. One fight is made harder. When the judge refuses to admit testimony about the dismissed rape charges against Preston and with no proof, Preston was a spy. The defense doesn't even bring that up And that's one of the things I would like to have gone into further, Nor will the judge give the defense more time to investigate a new claim by Marek supporters that a serial killer in Michigan has confessed to this crime. They don't have a confession. They've never showed us a confession. First of all, he was in school on June the third, at least for part of the day. He did not have a driver's license until sometime in 1992.


It took us approximately three hours to determine that this person was not a viable suspect. Somehow the colonel's team remains confident. Of Course, we're ready. Good people. North Carolina gonna quit our client And as it turns out, they saved their best move for last. He was the last person to see her alive. Richard Tobin was a national Guardsman visiting Fort Fisher in June of 1991. He contradicts Dennis rude and Tom Ulu saying he saw Veep rot alone around the time prosecutors say she took her death march with the Colonel. You are absolutely certain in your own mind that that is who you saw Absolutely 100% certain.


I can tell you exactly what the person who's my ex-wife was wearing the first night that we met. That's not the same as passing somebody you don't know in the doorway of a grocery store. I didn't know she was going to be my wife either. He says he told his superiors at the time, then let it drop. He told me to stand by So he did for nine years until the defense found him. Do you appreciate the fact that this is in the defense's eyes? An absolute bombshell information? I do appreciate it greatly, but I know what I saw Encouraged by Tobin's testimony and worried that his training in wartime killing might be used against him.


Colonel Meek does not take the stand. I'm an innocent man and jury should be able to reach to that conclusion. By this time. Tomorrow the jury will have the case and they will decide if George Meek will go to jail or have his name cleared once and for all. After a six day trial, the defense rests. I believe my dad is innocent. Anything could happen. You have to live with the outcome. It doesn't matter what you think or how you feel, you just live with it. We wait right now, But they don't have to wait long.


It takes the jury less than three hours to reach its verdict. Guilty of second degree murder the sentence. 30 years. It's a disbelief. It's just like somebody hit you in the head with a hammer. I don't think that would've been a word that came out of my throat. Even if I wanted to. He was just numb. Clearly the jury didn't buy the National Guardsman story. It's stunning. I didn't expect it. He's not got any choice. He's gonna go to prison. There's no good outcome.


He's my dad. I love him. I wish he could go back nine years and change everything, but you can't. For the man Marek called a traitor and a rapist, it's a final vindication and I knew he was guilty. The truth came out For the prosecutor who tried him three times. It's a sweet victory. He most certainly deserves every bit of those 30 years For Haah. Meek, a crushing disappointment. I don't understand how the people can do this to men who spent 36 years fighting for this country.


But for the colonel, what mattered in the end was not what he did for his country, but what the jury believed he did to his wife. I'd rather die in this prison than to admit to something that I have not done. I'm not gonna be free to. I find I will cure. It may take lifetime, but that's what I'm gonna pursue. George Marek was released from prison in 2003. He died in 2020.


Summer is heating up. This shy is back on paramount. Plus it's a season of the women. This is On chance. It's time to get To work, but the men aren't giving up without a fight. The shy new season now streaming on the Paramount Plus with Showtime. Plan 9 1 1. State your emergency. Yes, somebody killed two girl. My grand baby and my friend dad. They're dead. A Paramount plus original. She wants to find more young women for him to kill The untold stories of the wheel cases. Each one he gets away with. He's emboldened. The FBI can't shake. It's very satisfying to be able to look at a bad guy and go, we never forgot you. An all new season of FBI. True streaming now on Paramount Plus.