
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


A successful investigation needs facts, creative thinking, and lots of imagination, and that's why 48 hours listeners love Audible with Audible. There's more to imagine when you listen As. an Audible member You could choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest, best sellers and new releases. I recommend the Berman Murders by Doug Carey, a true crime saga set in the Mojave Desert New. members can try Audible free for 30 days, Visit Audible dot com slash 48 hours or text 48 hours to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash 48 hours or text 48 hours to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash 48 hours


In May of 19 92, 9 days after marrying her high school sweetheart, 20-year-old Jennifer Judd was killed in her apartment. She was stabbed with knives that were just given to her as a wedding gift. Police immediately suspect a friend of the couple, but they never close the case. Then a decade later, a different man confesses, but that confession is dismissed on Who killed Jennifer Judd. A podcast from ID investigator Sarah Kalin attempts to solve this 3-year-old cold case. She speaks with Jennifer's friends and family in hopes of understanding Jennifer's life and her tragic death. She also tries to uncover why the police dismiss the confession of convicted murderer. Jeremy Jones. Listen to who killed Jennifer Judd. Wherever you get your podcasts,


Andrew McDonald had a very, very strict regimen. She followed it daily. Nice. Drop it At a girl. She would be at the gym at five 30 in the morning in the office by eight on March 1st. They had no indication she would be late. She didn't show up for work. This was very significant to her employees. They called the gym and found out she never showed up to the gym, which is like a religion to her. After calling Andrea and repeatedly is going to voicemail, you know, the anxiety starts studying in like I start panicking for Anj to be missing is not possible.


The biggest issue for me were the fact that her phone was missing. Her purse was still there, her keys were on the counter and her vehicles were still there. If her vehicle's there, her purse is there, her keys are there. If she's missing, is there a concern of an abduction? Well, the deputies obviously didn't know what to think at this point. They were just beginning the investigation. What we did learn is Andreen McDonald, a beautiful Jamaican woman, was brought to the United States by Andre, her husband as a major in the Air Force and had top secret security clearance.


They began a assisted living business where they in short order became millionaires the picture of the American dream. She's not boastful or anything like that. She just, that humble person. Andreen had a great reputation in not only the assisted living community here in San Antonio And we are on the side of the street this morning and we're giving out food for those less fortunate and She was very, very generous with her wealth and her time. God bless you. Kind of a a A, Rising Star of the of San Antonio.


Absolutely a very, very much so. A, Rising, Star, Woo. They were always laughing together. They were always joking around. The home didn't seem to be in terrible disarray. No furniture was knocked over or anything was broken. I found there was blood on the wall in an area that was kind of odd. There was blood and hair on a light switch. We Assumed that something happened there. It was a crime scene of some sort. I was on social media and I saw that initial poster that came up with her face and then it says missing on the top.


Adrian is not the person to go take off somewhere. no one knows where she is. Supporters For Andreen McDonald renewed their search Efforts when the months went by and the days went by and they haven't found anything. In my mind that's not such a bad thing Because If they're not able to find something that solidifies her being dead, I mean she's alive, right? And she's somewhere. Peter Van Sant reports Andreen McDonald a Millionaire Vanishes In the afternoon of March 1st, 2019 after 29-year-old Andreen McDonald was reported missing by her mother, Maureen, A Bear County sheriff's deputy arrived at the McDonald home in an upscale gated community in San Antonio.


Within minutes, sheriff Javier Salazar says his deputy made a disturbing discovery. One of my deputies had seen what they believed to be blood on the wall and possibly hair And in the backyard normally beautifully landscaped. Another troubling clue, a random burn pile Right here I saw the Burn Pal. We found a zipper from Andre's blouse. It was Andre's blouse. Andre's husband Andre, Andy McDonald told the deputy that when he woke up, he got their daughter Elena to school before reporting to Lachlan Air Force Base, where he served as a cyber warfare analyst.


Once he learned Andreen was missing, Andre rushed back home, but he quickly headed out the door again to act on a hunch that Andre who suffered from migraines might have gone to a nearby hospital for treatment. Andre's arrival to the hospital was captured by surveillance cameras lead investigator Frank Stubbs On that tape. He comes in, you can see him asking for McDonald and I tell him, there's somebody in room three name McDonald. He arrives back to the house. What does he tell them? He tells them that she's in the hospital, But when the deputy called the hospital, he discovered that the McDonald who had checked in was not Andreen.


McDonald. Andre told deputies that he rushed back home before seeing his wife because he had left his cell phone at home and wanted to let Maureen know he had found and dream. There was some indication to him that She was there and injured to some extent. Unfortunately, the major's hunch turned out to be wrong. When I heard I was, oh God, I was so upset that I was just thinking that she's someplace that we can find her. And for Andre's mother-in-law, Jackie who lived in Florida, there was uncertainty. I had called Andre's phone about a thousand times already saying, Andre, whatever it is, please, please just call me back.


What concerned everyone was, the fact Andre would never just disappear. She was known for her sense of responsibility and dedication to her family and business. How would you describe Andre? She knows what she wants and she will never stop until she get it. I did coming before he did right. Andre did defeat me and she's so excited. Andre created an assisted living business in San Antonio called Starlight Homes when She was just 22.


And according to Andre's close friend Andrew Russell, In order to start the business, Andre, he liquidated his 401k. Andre bankrolled her dreams And he sold the BMW that he owned. They were doing so well. They were doing everything that would make any mother proud. Starlight Homes thrived and under Andre's watch, the tiny home base business transformed into a multimillion dollar enterprise in just seven years. When I started my assisted living, I only started with three residents.


Today is Starlight Homes assisted living. We have two locations in the Santo area. Childhood friend Mandy says. Andre's success was born out of humble beginnings. Growing up in Portland, Jamaica, we didn't have a lot and so we figured if we wanted to get somewhere in life, it would be in America. That's where the dream was. Andre's dream of coming to America came true at 19 when she met Andre. He was also a native of Jamaica, who at the time was a captain in the US Air Force. Andre had returned home to Port Antonio in May of 2009 to attend a funeral where he met Andre, who was 10 years younger.


Was there an attraction right from the beginning? She was excited when she met him. Excited about the captain in the Air Force. They both decide for her to come to America. They married that July. I was happy to know he had met somebody that he could have a life with. That life would soon include a baby girl Elena. Elena was at the center of Andre's world, which made her disappearance so perplexing, says Jackie. I don't think Andre would just get up and walk away and leave Elena and nobody would hear from her That evening.


A forensic crime unit examined those stains in the bathroom and confirmed the initial belief that they were blood while you were going through the house. Was Andre there? Yes, he was. Did you See any signs of bruising on his body? Any signs of of any injuries that perhaps he'd been in a struggle. Nothing that we could, that we could determine. Investigators were hoping Andre had some answers, but he said the last time he had seen his wife was the night before and they said what Andre described raised more questions than answers. He had told them they had come home from the tax preparer's office and that that they had argued over the business and he went up the road, got some gas and just cooled off.


We were able to obtain video evidence of him going to the shell station. Andre said when he returned home, he and Andreen went to separate bedrooms. But according to investigators, what Andre didn't mention was the text exchange that happened at the gas station.


Finding great candidates to hire can be like trying to find a needle in a haystack. You get too many resumes and not enough qualified candidates, but not with ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter finds amazing candidates for you. Fast ZipRecruiter's technology starts showing you qualified people for your job immediately ditch the other hiring sites and let ZipRecruiter help you find the needle in the haystack. Try it free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash zip daily that ZipRecruiter dot com slash ZIPD.


When I begin a new story, there are facts to be checked and experts to confer with at the outset. It sometimes feels overwhelming. Getting started on a new home project could be similar. It's hard to know where to start. That's where Angie comes in. Angie has over 200,000 pros in their network, making it easy to research, compare and hire top rated experts for any project in your home with just a few taps in the Angie app or a few clicks on angie.com. You could connect with local pros who have been rated and reviewed by real homeowners in your neighborhood. Angie is there to help homeowners get all their jobs done well. So get started on the app or go to angie.com. That's a g i.com.


Four investigators. The text messages found on Andre's phone revealed a marriage in turmoil including allegations of betrayal, accusations of unfaithfulness in these text messages, correct? That's correct. We have a printed copy. Would you mind reading These From his phone? Andreen responds. If, you bring up Abit again. I will divorce you myself. Bin Hall, a businessman living in Port Antonio Jamaica, who according to investigators was Andre's ex-boyfriend and potentially her current lover in response to Andre's threat of divorce.


Andre texts, I don't care. If, you get a divorce. You brought bin into our life bin dated Andreen when She was a teenager. Say investigators. Andre's close friend Mandy says the two rekindled their romance in 2017 during one of her philanthropic trips to the island. Bin has always been that first love. It wasn't something Andre got over emotionally, Mandy says they carried on their affair in secret until the summer of 2018 when Andre got two new tattoos, an initial, a tattooed on her hand and a date tattooed on her wrist.


Andy was definitely suspicious of what it meant With a suspicious mind. Mandy says Andre went to work to solve this tattoo mystery. He Went and he did his own digging. It was on social media where Andre discovered an interesting photograph of ban branded with the same exact tattoo that was also on Andre's hand and those numbers. Fourteen three seventy six. Their ban's birthday day, month and year. She told me that she impulsively got the tattoo. She knew it was something stupid to do. Enraged Mandy says Andre threatened divorce unless Andre cut off contact with Aban, covered up her tattoos and promised to never travel to Jamaica without him.


She did cover up the tattoos. She didn't wanna lose half of everything she worked hard for At Andre's 40th birthday party, Mandy says by all outward appearances, the McDonald's seemed to be getting along, but just 13 days later on March 1st, 2019, that's when Andreen disappeared. The once festive home had transformed into a crime scene as investigators worked the McDonald residence until two the next morning when they couldn't locate Andre's cell phone.


Investigators checked to see if her credit cards or passport had been used. All dead ends. We came up dry on, on, on all of these inquiries. At this point all we had was a missing person Within hours of his wife's disappearance, Andreen McDonald was a person of interest. He stopped answering questions and lawyered up at 2:00 PM the next day, an undercover investigator assigned to watch the McDonald's house noticed that the garage had been damaged and Andre was backing out of the driveway. The investigator followed him to a nearby gun shop where additional investigators who were called to the scene observed Andre purchasing a nine millimeter handgun and ammunition.


We were under the assumption that he was purchasing a gun to probably harm himself. When Andre walked back to his car, investigators confronted him their violent takedown may be disturbing to viewers. Investigators move to detain the Air Force major and turned him over to military authorities for a mental evaluation. Meanwhile, investigators returned to the house with a search warrant and checked Andre's car. While there some objects caught their eye. There was a shovel. There was an ax, an Ax. There was a like a hatchet kind of mall.


There was trash bags, there were gloves and a a couple of gas cans And there was more Inside the garbage can in the house was a receipt from Lowe's that had been torn up. Detectives were able to obtain surveillance footage from the hardware store. Items that were purchased the day after and green went missing. This is Andreen McDonald coming into the Lowe's. He's gonna purchase several items. You can see him with a basket here. You can see there's a shovel in the basket. Now he comes up here. There's two gas cans. There's a a mall or a hatchet.


Here's that ax. Yes. What's at play here? It appeared to us that now that his wife was missing, it pointed to the disposal of her body. Look at that cart full of ill will, right? Yes. And in the corner of the garage, investigators would uncover what they say was the most damning evidence of all. We found a, a hammer and clothing in the garbage. The clothing that we found appeared to be Andre's clothing. Investigators say they found traces of blood on the pocket of these jeans. What's on the claw hammer? That's of interest.


The lab determined that there was the presence of blood on the hammer and the DNA that they obtained from that, that blood sample was from entering. We concluded that that hammer was probably used as the murder weapon. This is significant, Very significant. 48 hours into the investigation, detective Stubbs believed he had discovered key evidence that implicated major Andreen McDonald in his wife's disappearance.


Investigators located those items stained with Andre's blood inside the family's trash can. This missing person's case had become much more sinister and it's pointing toward what The evidence was pointing towards a murder. But there was a problem. None of the evidence collected proved that a murder had actually occurred. Turning a missing persons case into a homicide case is very difficult. On March 3rd, 2019, the Air Force concluded its evaluation of Andre and released him.


Civil authorities quickly moved in and placed him under arrest. My daughter killed my family. What do you have to say about this entire Investigation? But it wasn't for murder. Major Andreen McDonald was arrested for tampering with evidence. Based upon that torn receipt found at the house, listing the items he had purchased from the hardware store. Andre's arrest left his mother Jackie. In a state of shock and disbelief, I saw that Andre was taken into custody and I just collapsed. I know he loved Andre.


Why would he harm her? And for Andre's mother, Andre's arrest left her head spinning. Oh God. Andre could not hurt Andre. That's what I was saying. But who else? Adding to everyone's sense of shock, confusion, and suspicion was Andre's decision to stop cooperating with detectives. Andre's face told us there was no way in hell we were gonna break him and make him tell us what had happened. Sheriff Salazar went on local TV asking for help. We are asking anybody with any information on her whereabouts to give us a call at two 10.


Three three fives. Soon after the community of San Antonio, along with family and friends, came out in droves to look for and dream, including a volunteer search party formed by former Air Force Airmen, Bobby Green. Bobby took us out to one of the areas where he searched for Andre. Right now we're behind a hospital. We thought he might have taken her here to a wooded area. As you walk through here, what are you looking for? You would look at tree branches that have been pushed away. Something that was cut. Fresh tire tracks. How many miles did you cover?


It was hundreds of miles. As search efforts continued, Andreen McDonald was released from jail on where is Andre with his wife? Absent Andre took over management of Starlight Homes. Search efforts continued. Although investigators say Andre didn't take part, days would eventually turn into months of dead ends. As the search for Andreen went on, investigators dug further into the couple's relationship learning that they had business problems as well as romantic ones. In WhatsApp messages shared with friends, there are arguments over who really was the brains behind their successful business.


In one. Andre tells Andre Starlight Holmes is my idea, my dream and would not have happened without my drive. Back then friends like Andrew Russell became worried about the potential for violence. And I have text messages from Andrew that's saying someone is going to snap. Andrew told investigators that the couple's war of words turned physical the night before a Christmas party at their home in 2018 where the McDonald's got into a physical altercation. So when I went into the kitchen, Andy and Angie were grappling on the floor and the next morning they were laughing about it.


I did feel uncomfortable after that. I thought the the situation had become toxic. Just over two months later, Andre's blood was spilled in her home and she vanished. Finally, on the evening of July 11th, 2019, 133 days after Andreen had gone missing, there was a break in the case. About seven 30 this evening, the Berk County Sheriff's Office patrol deputies were dispatched to this location for a report of human remains that were found. Skeletal remains were located in a farmer's field just six miles from the McDonald home.


This man Clifton Kla Bundy made the discovery. Clifton had taken out his tractor to retrieve a cow skull that had been spotted right along the tree line of the property. I saw the what appeared to be a human skull in front of the cow skull. That must have Been a shock. A shock. Yes. Officials determined that the human skeletal remains belonged to Andreen McDonald. Her sister Cindy Johnson. I was at a church praying for Andreen. I couldn't do anything. I broke down. It hit us like a storm 'cause we still wasn't thinking like that.


Never. I never saw this coming. Less than 48 hours later, Andreen McDonald would be arrested and charged with his wife's murder. See more evidence from theCase@fortyeight.com.


Hiring is challenging, Especially when you're a business owner with a lot on your plate. Thankfully, there's a place you can go for help. ZipRecruiter ZipRecruiter does the work for you to make hiring fast and easy immediately after you post your job. ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology starts showing you qualified people for it experience faster, easier hiring with ZipRecruiter. Try it free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash zip daily. That's ZipRecruiter dot com slash Z-I-P-D-A-I-L-Y.


Fans of the 48 Hours podcast, know that a good lead is always worth checking out. And if you're a listener who enjoys from the car, you'll wanna know that the National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4 available with all-wheel drive. The new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain or wherever your story takes you. Or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander with three spacious rows of seating for up to eight passengers. Plus both Rav fours and Highlanders are available in hybrid models. So no matter your style, you can drive efficiently and save on gas. Visit your local Toyota dealer and check out amazing national Sales Event deals on RAVs Highlanders and more. When you visit buy a toyota.com Toyota. Let's go places.


Ann Dream's family had waited for justice for four years. It hurts every night before I go to my bed. I think about her Bear County assistant District attorneys, Steven Spear, Lauren Scott and Ryan Groomer would prosecute McDonald for the murder of his wife Andre. But the prosecution would face an uphill battle despite the evidence found at the McDonald home. The hammer and the blood, the prosecution could not say for sure how Andre died Because Andre's body was out in the elements in that field for all of those days.


Medical examiner's office was unable to specify what exactly caused Andre's death. And does that Steven complicate your preparation? No, it absolutely does. We say he caused her death. However, we don't know how. If Andre murdered his wife, what do you believe was his motive? I believe it was largely because he felt emasculated. She was such A Rising. Star had control of these businesses and I think he was jealous of that. McDonald who pleaded not guilty was represented by some of the top defense lawyers in San Antonio. John Cony, Zoe Russell and John Hunter. How would you respond to the notion that what caused all this was his envy of his wife's success?


I, I don't see any evidence of that. Andre is a major in the air force. I mean he's incredibly successful on his own right. Major Andreen. McDonald had been under house arrest since April of 2021. But days before his trial was set to begin January 17th, 2023, McDonald who had remained silent about his wife's death, began telling an extraordinary story beginning with his own mother. Jackie says her son told her Andre's death was an accident. He looked at me and he said, mom, I'm gonna tell you the truth.


And he started to cry. McDonald then called Andre's mother and sister Cindy who put the call on speaker phone. He gave the family for the first time details of what happened. According to him. According To him, yes. It was a phone call that stunned his defense team. Was it shocking to you that he had done this? Shocking is a good word for it. Yeah. The entire context of the case changed. His best thought would be to tell a story in court. McDonald would get to tell his story, but not before the prosecution laid out its case in opening statements Inside the trash bin in the garage.


A hammer. That hammer has blood on it. It is the victim's blood. The defense contended that Andre's death was an accident. This is not a murder case. It is a case about the degree and level of responsibility with evidence of accident, a mutual fight, all of which happens in the blink of an eye. The prosecution also called forensic pathologist, Dr. James Feig, who testified that Andre's skeletal remains had severe injuries consistent with being struck by a blunt object.


She had a fractured spinal cord, a broken rib, and a split jaw. But the pathologist could not determine what exactly had caused Andre's death. So the way that I have phrased her cause of death is homicidal violence, including blunt force trauma. After six days of testimony and 33 witnesses, the prosecution rested. The defense had only one witness. Defense calls major Andreen McDonald McDonald described the evening of February 28th, 2019.


While at the tax preparer's office with his wife, he discovered that Andreen had started a new business a year earlier without his knowledge. When did that signify to You? Basically all that meant to me pretty much that She was robbing me After a heated argument that evening. McDonald's says he left the house to cool off at that gas station. McDonald's says they continued their argument over text and when he returned home he raised the possibility of divorce and splitting their business in half. She became extremely irate at the thought of I splitting the business charges into the room to confront me.


So when she comes into the room, you know I turn around and she comes like right up in my face. So at that moment she spits in my face. So at that point I grabbed her 'cause she's like right in front of me. So I grabbed her head. I think we had like a, a clash of heads and I think it opened up like a cut somewhere on her face. McDonald said Andre ran into the bathroom and turned on the lights. When Andre saw her bloody face in the mirror, McDonald claims she attacked him. His testimony may be disturbing to some viewers when She comes he's like throwing like some punches. So I'm trying to like duck down and like keep my head my face from getting hit with the blows.


But I remember like grabbing her and like tripping her and then she like falls and that's when I kick her like twice the the second kick. I think I heard like some type of whe and, and then also like in the background I could hear like some footsteps. The footsteps of their young daughter, Elena McDonald said he left to put Elena back to bed and when he returned about 30 minutes later, his wife was dead. I became like pretty frantic at that point because you know she's dead on the floor. You never thought I need to call in cross-examination. Prosecutor Spear asked if McDonald had thought about calling 9 1 1.


I never thought about calling anybody to revive a dead person. My purpose at that point was simply to get her out of the house so that my 7-year-old daughter wouldn't see her mother laying on the floor dead After putting Elena back to bed, McDonald's said he dumped Andre's body in this field, stripped her naked and returned home to burn her clothing, which left that burn patch in the backyard. But what about Andre's blood on the yellow hammer On the face of it, the evidence doesn't square with McDonald's account of an accident. McDonald had an explanation for that. He testified that when investigators finished searching his home, he went back to the field before dawn.


Angry and armed with the yellow hammer, a can of gasoline and a plan. My plan was to hit the person that caused this whole circumstance. And You felt it was her fault, right? It's absolutely her fault. What did you do with the gasoline? I poured it on her and then I used the the lighter and set it On Fire, McDonald's said when the flame subsided, that's when he attacked his wife's corpse with the yellow hammer. I hit her in the face the neck and I just like hit her again as I was walking away. Why that last blow? As I was walking away? Yes, I guess I was still angry when I was walking away.


After that gruesome testimony, the defense shifted gears and tried to refocus the jury on their theory of the crime. And for the first time the defense brought up why McDonald acted the way he did that night. Have you always believed you acted in self-defense? Yes. I've always believed that from the very beginning. Thanks. The defense played videos showing Andre giving her husband a piggyback ride and working out. Would you describe Anine as a very strong, powerful woman? Yes, I would Straight up, According to McDonald, his wife could lift up to 300 pounds.


Man, when she attacked you, were you in fear? Yes, I was in fear of, you know, being armed during that, that whole situation, They want you to forget and disregard all his actions, Closing arguments. Defense counsel said that this is self-defense Folks, this is not self-defense. It's time to hold this man responsible for what he did and it's time to find him guilty of murder. Andreen McDonald did not intentionally or knowingly murder Andreen McDonald. He acted in self-defense. And your duty and your obligation is to say not guilty.


Thank you. After six days of testimony, the jury got the case all Rise from the jury. Approximately 11 hours into their deliberation, the jury sent a note to the judge That says, we're hopelessly deadlock. What do you make of Andre McDonald's claim of self-defense. Chat now on Facebook and Ex,


There's nothing worse than getting home from your trip only to find out you missed a can't miss travel experience. That's why you need via tour book, guided tours, activities, excursions, and more in one place to make your trip truly unre Regrettable via tour makes it easy to explore over 300,000 travel experiences. Everything from simple tours to extreme adventures and all the niche interesting stuff in between. So you can plan something that everyone you're traveling with will enjoy real traveler reviews. Give the inside scoop from people who have already been on the experience you're considering so you can plan with confidence Free cancellation helps you plan for the unexpected. And 24 7 customer service means you always have support around the clock. Download the Via tour app now to use code via Tour 10 for 10% off your first booking in the app. Regret less, do more. With Via Tour


If, you are a new parent. A bad day means you either ran out of coffee, diapers, patience, or all of the above. Stocking up on Cold Brew and deep breaths are all you, but at least Hello Bellows got your baby's butt covered. Hello Bello believes all families deserve premium, affordable baby products with their ultra convenient diaper bundle subscription service that includes seven packs of diapers and four packs of plant-based wipes. You'll never run out of supplies Better yet they're delivered to your door. Set change and cancel your delivery schedule whenever you want. Named Best diaper subscription by New York Magazine and winner of the 2022 Good Housekeeping Parenting Award. Hello Bellow will keep you well stocked on diapers and wipes. Go to hello bellow.com/ Wondery to get 30% off your first customized bundle and a full-size freebie product of your choice. That's hello bellow.com/ Wondery To start bundling with 30% off your first order. Don't forget that's hello bellow.com/ Wondery.


After almost 11 hours of deliberating the jury was deadlocked. Unable to decide if Andreen McDonald was guilty of murder, manslaughter or not guilty by self-defense. Everything was said in the courtroom, all the evidence were, were there. Econ confessed on the stand. What he did, they saw his demeanor. I don't know what was the problem For jurors Brandon Medellin. I voted for murder and I saw that we were six and six And Rudy Ruiz. At no point did any juror think that he was innocent or that it was self-defense.


The problem was wording Because people really picked apart the definitions of murder and recklessness. The jury of six women and six men spent hours discussing whether McDonald had intentionally murdered Andre or if he had recklessly killed her. Making it manslaughter. Murder carries a life sentence, manslaughter up to 20 years. And I think most of us could agree that whatever happened, it was reckless. He left her on the ground and he did not render aid. Now the trick was to try and convince the other jurors that it was murder.


But as the deliberations continued, some of the jurors had been swayed with nine. Now for manslaughter, Medellin says the biggest factor in swaying the vote was Andre. McDonald's testimony. There was so little evidence and so a lot of people believed because we don't know anything else other than what he has told us, that we have to take what he told us. And he was actually able to convince a lot of the jurors And we had that one juror that he said, well, I've kicked someone. I never intended to kill them. Meine Ruiz and a third juror were the staunch holdouts for murder.


No one was gonna change anyone's mind. The judge then invoked what's called an Allen charge, urging the holdout jurors to reconsider the evidence and reach a unanimous decision After another hour of deliberations, a verdict. And Mr. McDonald, please stand with your counsel to the count of murder charged. In the indictment, the jury finds the defendant not guilty of the offense. Murder as charged in the indictment and guilty, guilty of the offense of manslaughter. Andreen McDonald was found not guilty of murder, but guilty of the lesser charge manslaughter.


Andre's sister, Cindy was in disbelief. In manslaughter after he spoke with no remorse, no love, nothing at all, and use hammer, strip her clothes, throw gasoline on her, burn her, and they gave him manslaughter. That's crazy. I am gonna struggle with the starter until the day I die. The prosecution had a mixed reaction to the verdict. I was disappointed. However, the jury rejected his self-defense argument and held him accountable for at least something For the defense.


Andreen McDonald may not have walked out a free man, but This is a win despite how I believe that this is a self-defense case. I do respect the outcome. Andre's best friend, Mandy Hall, He's there to tell his story. He's there to make up whatever he wants to make up. She, she doesn't, she can't do that because he took that away from her. Cindy now sees that phone call from McDonald before the trial in a whole new light as a calculated ploy to deflect blame. It's four years. It took him four years for him to recognize that he did what he did and then all of a sudden he is reaching out to us to let us think that he's been responsible.


He didn't mean anything. He is lying. All a lies. It's all a lie. After the verdict, sheriff Salazar reached out to Andre's father, a retired member of the Jamaican army with an unusual offering. I did present Mr. Anderson with a gift. I asked my deputy to remove the handcuffs from from Andre as they put him back into the cell and I gave, I presented those cuffs to to Mr. Anderson. I wanted them to feel some sort of connection to at least sending him away to to prison. I Want to tell you that we really appreciate it. Thank you very much.


God bless you. For Andre's mother, nothing about this tragedy makes sense. Her daughter and the beautiful life she had created are gone. Andreen McDonald who came to America became a successful entrepreneur and found her purpose in serving others. Sadly, the business she created is now closed. I miss her very much. Most times when I think about her, I just, it's like I feel like giving up. And in those times, Maureen and Cindy lean on one another.


We are blessed to have each other to take us through this sad journey. When I am weak, my mom is strong. When my mom is weak, I am strong. We have to be strong for Elena. Elena. Now, 12 years old is the glue that binds this fractured family. A family that still includes Andre's mother, Jackie, though she's mainly left with the memories and the pain of what once was. I think I heard for Elena more than I heard for everyone. No child should ever have to go through what she went through.


Maureen and Cindy are now raising Elena. It's Bittersweet 'cause we have Elena. Elena reminds us so much of Andre Can mom make a kiss? Ah, love you Andreen. McDonald was sentenced to 20 years in prison for manslaughter plus five years for tampering with evidence. He's appealing those convictions. On March 8th, 2024, a San Antonio civil jury awarded $210 million to Andrew McDonald's family in a wrongful death lawsuit against Andreen McDonald If.


you like this podcast? You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


What came first? The chicken or the egg? Spoiler alert. It's neither at Happy Egg. We believe happiness of the hens is what actually came first. Because without Happy Hens there would be no such thing as happy eggs. You know eggs with delicious orange yolks. Those come from hens who are raised the happy way on eight plus acres of family owned farms. Choose happy@happyegg.com and look for the yellow carton at a store near you. Happy Egg.


You've worked hard to build your brand. So why settle for one size fits all branded clothing lands and outfitters creates apparel your employees will truly want to wear. All backed by above and beyond expertise see why LANs End Outfitters has been a branded apparel supplier to some of the world's most respected brands for more than 30 years. Go to business dot lands end.com/pod 20 and use Code Pod 20 for 20% off your first product. That's business dot LANs end.com/pod 20. Code Pod 20 for 20% off your first product.


Paramount Podcasts.