
Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plug in hybrid RAV four, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue Book kbb.com, and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet.


Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places. I've never felt like this before. It's like you just get me. I feel like my true self with you. Does that sound crazy? And it doesn't hurt that you are gorgeous. Okay, that's it. I'm taking you home with me. I mean, you can't find shoes this good just anywhere. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at your DSW store or dsw.com.


We're talking about corruption in the court system and the pawns that are being played with your children. The very fabric of the legal system is at stake here. There is a question, if I walk into a courtroom, am I getting a fair shot? Am I getting a fair shake? I'm Michael Veon and I am the chief of the rackets division in the Brooklyn District Attorney's office, and I was in charge of the investigation begun by Frida Hanoff who started this by walking into our office and telling us that she was about to lose her children because a judge had been fixed.


I felt something is wrong, but I couldn't prove it. I just couldn't prove it. I said, what kind of America is this? I'm Frida ov. I went undercover for the district attorney office to nail a corrupt judge. I'm not a police officer, I'm not a detective. I'm a mother and a nurse. That's beautiful. I'll do anything, anything in the world to keep my kids, even if I have to fight with a tiger, I'll do it. A Supreme Court judge being paid off, being bribed, you can't get much more serious than that.


So he decided to put a recording device on her. This is the neighborhood that we took Frida to. I'll meet them about five, six blocks away from the warehouse. We'd meet her, wire her up, talk to her, prep her about what she's gonna say when she goes in. When you get off from your car, you see this big huge warehouse. I mean, not a place that we were very happy about sending her into, but it was necessary. She was not the type of individual who we would normally put a recording device on.


She was pregnant. And to have a pregnant woman who had no experience doing this, it was harrowing on us as well. And this big steel gate will open up. My heart was really going fast. And then they boom, they closed it after me. I said, oh my God, I have no way out. Even if I wanna run away, She could have been harmed. She could have been hurt. She could have been killed.


The truth is, when I went inside, I didn't care about myself. This is the last chance I have to keep my kids Chamber of secrets rates. So you put that, and this is a big mahogany door that I bought. Welcome to Frida Hoff's, American Dream. See when the skylights, the skylights we put in, This was once her big house in a swanky New York neighborhood.


It's all beautiful. It's a world away from the poverty where she grew up. Frida's parents fled. Russia immigrated to Israel, and at 19 Frida, a young nurse made her way to America. Just a few weeks later, she met the man. She would marry Yuri Hamina. His business was diamonds. They would have three children. Yif, Sharon and Nazi. Life was good.


I love this house very much. I walked all my life just to get to this house. And boom, one day After 13 years of marriage, Yuri announced to his wife that his business was failing. The dream house had to be sold and they would move to a small apartment in Brooklyn. Frida, as her husband told her, they had to pretend to divorce. She claims it was part of a scheme to hide their assets. Then he even gave me diamonds that he told me that it's worth over $6 million. Oh, look at that. They shine. They, oh, they do. They shine.


They're gorgeous. Yes. But one day Yuri didn't come home. He just disappeared with his clothes. I could not reach him. Nothing. And those diamonds, Zircon. Zir, yes, The diamonds were fake, but the separation papers free to sign were real. And she says she had unknowingly signed away her rights to any of her husband's assets.


This is a crime. What he did to me is a crime. She hired a lawyer to try to stop the divorce and pinned her hopes on the wisdom of a New York State Supreme Court Justice judge, Gerald Garon. He Will see that this is a setup. A woman that married to a husband who's a wealthy husband, a mother of three kids will get her right. But when she walked into his court, her hopes were shattered. He Threatened and he yells. Judge Garon is screaming at you. Yeah, and the judge tells me that I better settle this case and I don't have any chances. And he told me that if I'm not gonna settle that I'm gonna be end up in jail.


The judge chastised her for renting an apartment she co-owned with her husband. Without his permission, he said, you'd End up in jail. I'm gonna end up in jail. So stunned by the judge's behavior, Frida says she saw no choice but to agree to the divorce. Did you take your tablet this morning? Yeah. I said, the hell with money, I'm a nurse. I'll make it. How is school today? As long as I have my kids, I just continue with my life. You know, it's not the end. Sure enough, two years later, Frida fell in love. She got married and got pregnant.


She says her ex got jealous. He became very obsessed with me. Frida says her ex-husband, Yuri began trying to convince the children they would have a better life with him. Her 13-year-old son, Yanni, like the idea, Look, mommy leaving this small apartment and she doesn't have any money and this and that, you're gonna live like a millionaire with me. One night when Frida had just come home from work, My ex-husband called the police on me. They knock on my door and he goes to me, your son said that you hit him with a belt. Yanni was standing outside with his father and told the police his mother had beaten him with a belt.


Three days earlier, My son had a mark on his face. He a red mark. So the husband pointed at my son and said, you see, you see the red line. This is mommy hitting with a belt. How did, do you think he got that red mark? The kids, they jump. They play basketball, they do things. I never hit my kids. Never ever. My kids are well, well dressed, well very clean honors in school. I am proud to be their mother. Frida was arrested. They Put cuffs on me and my son saw that and he went to the police and he said, no, no, let mommy go.


It was misunderstanding. Then he went to my ex-husband and start hitting him and saying, daddy, you lied to me. You lied to me. You, you said they're not gonna hurt mommy. They put me in a cell, I will say 30 to 50 people, me shaking pregnant, I'm scared, sitting and crying and can't believe that my son did this to me for no reason. I never hit my son. Then the news got even worse for freedom. Her ex-husband filed for custody.


He wanted all the children and the man deciding the fate of her family. None other than Judge Gerald Garon. When Judge Garon called me to chamber room, he asked me who I would want to live with my mother and my father. So I told him, my mother, I told him my mom, he just said, you never know what's gonna happen. It's up to me. He told me that he was an adult. He was the judge and he decides whether I like it or not. So I thought, I was like, what's the point of me even coming to the chamber room to talk to the judge if he did? Didn't even want to hear what I wanted to say. So I said, I'm not gonna sit and wait.


I'm not gonna lose my kids. Frida was desperate and heard about a man who could help a businessman who was boasting around town that he could influence the judge. His name Niso Elman. And I said, let me call him. And he tells me that this judge is in his packet In Elman's pocket. In Elman's packet. Frida says he told her he could prove it by dialing the judge himself while she listened in. Frida says she heard a man say that she was going to lose her children in 30 days. She hung up the phone terrified, Oh my God, this judge is corrupted.


I'm gonna definitely lose my kids. I start crying and I, I'm trying to dial back to him and he is not picking up the phone. Frida began calling every law enforcement agency she could think of, I need action right now. I'm losing my kids. I called the district attorney office. She was in a pretty frantic state at the time. Kings County assistant district attorney Brian Wallace, was the first investigator to take Frida Hoff seriously. Saying That there was a businessman named Niso Elman who claimed that he had influence in Jones Garson's part. Of course, my antennas went up. We're not talking about a traffic ticket here or someone jumping a turnstile. We're talking about corruption in the court system and the pawns that are being played with your children.


Prosecutor Noel Downing was working with Brian Wallace in the rackets division. Michael ve their boss knew that proving corruption in the courts would be difficult. I agree, I agree and explosive. We explained to her that we needed to in in essence test her to see if what she was telling us was the truth. Put wise on me, I'll prove you that this judge is corrupted. We couldn't cover her inside the warehouse. It's a rather stark and daunting place. It's kind of brick and closed up. So once Frida went into that location, she was on her own.


She was on her own Avoiding your unfinished home projects because you're not sure where to start. Thumbtack knows homes, so you don't have to. Don't know. The difference between matte paint, finish and satin or what that clunking sound from your dryer is with Thumbtack, you don't have to be a home pro, you just have to hire one. You can hire top rated pros, see price estimates and read reviews all on the app. Download today On WhatsApp. No one can see or hear your personal messages, whether it's a voice call message or sending a password to WhatsApp.


It's all just this. Wow, Wow, wow, wow. So whether you're sharing the streaming password in the family chat or trading those late night voice messages that could basically become a podcast. Your personal messages stay between you, your friends, and your family. No one else. Not even us. WhatsApp message privately with everyone. Her allegations were that a Supreme Court judge had been bribed. She was about to lose her children.


I don't care about myself anymore. I just want my kids back. Frida Hoff, three months pregnant and on an undercover mission to expose corruption, headed to a warehouse in downtown Brooklyn to meet businessman Niso Elman. See, we didn't really know what Niso Elman was about. We didn't know what he was capable of. How's her demeanor? She seemed A DA Michael Veon assigned detectives Jeanette SPO and George Tara to Frida. She was a tiger. She was protecting her cubs. This is a digital recording device. This is a device that we use to give to Frida to have recorded conversations with Nissan Elman at his warehouse.


As they wired her up, their nerves were wound tight too. It was ballsy of how to go in there. We pulled up and we watched her go in and we really didn't know what was going on inside that warehouse. You are walking, it's dark. You are listening to your step. Quiet, but you can hear echoes. I was scared, but I never show it like you know my heart will go fast.


Frida found Nisan Elman right here in his office. He make phone calls in front of my eyes to the court asking How's the judge? Their conversation was mostly in Hebrew, You have a problem. The problem you have, the situation can be saved. It's possible. Your husband paid money, a lot of money and he has the upper hand like what he wants he'll get. Okay? He also doesn't care about wasting the money because he knows that you don't have the money. And Elman said, you're losing because your husband paid off the judge. He's going to build a case against you that is even worse than you think in order to take the children.


Elman tells Frida, the judge is looking at papers submitted by her ex-husband. If the judge signs that paper, your children forget about the children. They are taking your children away. Frida pleads with Elman. What do you want me to do? I'm losing my children. Please. I'm begging you What Elman shows. Frida his cell phone with Judge Garson's phone number on the screen. If you are saying that Garza is corrupt, will he reverse everything for me? He will do everything for me. He will do everything for me. The problem is here how much you can sacrifice Elman.


An electronic salesman guarantees she'll win custody of her younger children, Sharon and Naty, but it will cost her. Essentially what he's doing is he's bringing in the clients Prosecutor, Noel Downey, And he's selling to them a product. And I'm not talking about a stereo here. The product that he's selling them is that I have that being Nisa Melman. I have Judge Garon in my pocket and if you come on board with me, you gimme a certain amount of cash. I'll get it done for you. Two weeks later, wearing a wire again, Frida visits Elman to negotiate a price for her children.


And the DA gave you the money to give All marked money. All marked Money to give Elman the price to keep custody of Sharon and Naty. $9,000 I won guarantee for the money. It is guaranteed by 1000000%. It's not 99% by a million percent. And Frida says it worked. Judge Garon had appointed this lawyer, Paul Simonovski, to represent her children. And suddenly Simonovski was treating Frida very differently. So you're giving Elman money and you're seeing your results.


I'm saying results. Okay guys ready? I felt like they're not talking anymore about my little kids because it's so obvious they're gonna be mine. In the beginning, I was so dangerous. Remember now I'm a very good mother. Now You are a good Son. And I get visitation from my oldest son after six months. She saw such a difference of of how people treated her from top down. So she gives Elman the money and boom, everything changes. Simonovski particularly became a lot less strident in terms of his feelings towards her Simonovski. Good morning to me. All of a sudden, and the judge is going easy on me. I felt very good.


He is pouring over a lot of the transcripts. It was up to the DA now to figure out how an electronic salesman could possibly be influencing custody decisions. Okay? Okay. They put a tap on Elman's phone. You see, I believe these people left and right, just for him to come up with money On tape. He assures lawyer Paul Simonovski that he's working to get him money from various divorce litigants. I don't give a fuck about them. It's all business and I want you to be as rich as he could. Sounds good. Simonovski brags about boozing it up with Judge Garon. I was getting garon drunk for two hours. He'll do what I want.


Detectives begin tailing Simonovski. This is surveillance tape of him hugging Elman. Simonovski and Elman have a very tight relationship. Simonovski also has a very tight relationship with the judge. Investigators believe they had figured out the food chain. Literally. This is the infamous archives bar. That's where, this is A bar Bar restaurant where Simonovski and the judge would meet often for drinks and dinner and where much of the money was spent on the judge. They were very well known at the archives 'cause they were there just about every afternoon. Very friendly, lot of laughing.


They were buddies. I'm talking about an attorney who would bring the judge out to lunch, to drinks, to dinners. Not once, but we're talking several hundred times. Makes no sense. Paul Minski would pick up the tip. It was a given Always. He spent over 10 grand on Judge Garson's stomach. Everybody Knew they were buddies. People know that this lawyer is before this judge on a case's wrong. It's inappropriate, it's unethical If this was what was going on in public. Authorities wanted to know what was happening.


Behind closed doors were judicial decisions being bought. Officers from the district attorney's office worked in the middle of the night. Long after Judge Garon had left for the day, they searched his roving room looking for a place to hide a camera. They found this hole in the ceiling on a cold December night.


Detectives from the district attorney's office made their way into this room. Judge Garson's chambers, a tiny camera placed in his ceiling. This actually is the camera that was planted. This is the camera? Yes. And it went through the ceiling wires going down. Yes. We had a a microwave dish that would read the signals being sent back to our office. This was our plan and this is where we had the recording devices that recorded the judge's chambers, both video and audio. And you were watching this in real time? Yes. We had people who were monitoring it all day long and into the evening.


Just weeks after Frida Hoff terrified she was going to lose her children started working undercover to try to prove whether Judge Garon was taking payoffs. The district attorney began surveillance of the judge and his meetings with lawyer Paul Simonovski. Yeah. Where you, what are you doing now? Maybe get some work or Simonovski kind of has the run of the room and Yeah, I mean nobody else really has this kind of access. It's Totally at home. Oh, absolutely. Without, without question. And he is not candid about reaching into the candy dish at any time.


Here you have this attorney, Simonovski, getting inappropriately cozy with the judge who he's appearing before that he has cases with One of Simonovski clients was this man Arah, Abraham Levy, estranged husband of this mother of five Segal Levy. Detectives secretly listened in as Judge Garon, tell Simonovski that his client Avraham will win the family house. I don't want him, As for Al Levy, the bottom Line, she'll walk away with nothing. She's okay. You win. You're a winner he way and you doesn't deserve, you're right.


At a later date, judge Garon instructs simonovski how to write a memo on the issue. The only Evidence the case is during the course of the marriage. Why is half The judge is telling him what to say in court and things like that. This was on trial. On trial. That very, that very week, that very day and say so He says, when you go back into court, say this and that, Argue a argue B, you're gonna win. The wife's not gonna get anything. Don't worry about her. And says some pretty disturbing things about her. On, on, on this video tape. According to investigators, the judge and the lawyer said things about other women too. The way he spoke about women was really just beyond sexist.


I think it borders und disturbing Investigators say they heard Paul Simonovski Tell Alman what Judge Garon said about Frida. The judge was admiring her lips In a sexual way. Yes. And what she could do to him with those lips. Here she is pregnant, pleading for her children. And this judge is talking about her mouth. Yes. In a sexual way. Yes. But the worst thing that was going on in Garson's chambers, according to investigators, were the kickbacks in the form of lucrative work. You see Alkis assignment numbers almost triple All that whining and dining of the judge paid off for Simonovski according to investigators.


In a big way, if a child needed representation in a custody case, judge Garon would assign Simonovski as the law guardian and the divorcing parents or the taxpayers would foot the bill often tens of thousands of dollars. So here you have the judge getting filled at lunch with booze and, and food and Hey, thanks to Minski, here's a guardianship for you. Judge Garson's behavior was especially appalling for Joe Hines, the district attorney in charge for him. This investigation was personal. I saw the way the courts treated my mother when she was being beaten up by my father.


I have very, very special interest in making damn sure that that kinda stuff doesn't continue. Frankly, I was shocked that it was going on at all. I thought that there, there had been significant changes in the way the courts had acted towards women litigants and their kids. The District Attorney thought he had the goods on Simonovski, but he wanted Judge Garon. He told his staff to offer Simonovski a deal and get him to flip. They would recommend Simonovski serve no prison time. It was an offer he couldn't refuse. Simonovski took the deal. He would wear a wire and go see the judge. We said, well, will he take a gift for the advice?


And Simonovski told us absolutely. And we knew that he was a cigar smoker. The DA bought a $275 box of cigars. One afternoon after Simonovski went to lunch with the judge, and after he paid for the lunch again, he came back to the roving room and gave him the box of cigars and said, this is thanks for your help in the Levy case. Next, Simonovski brought cash, $1,000 a thank you for referring a case in another court to him. You'll See him reach into his pocket and he takes out a thousand dollars and he hands it to the judge. The judge takes it and he puts it into his pants pocket.


Now, Simonovski leaves and the judge takes it out of his pocket and you see him counting. It takes a couple of bills and puts it into another pocket and puts some in an envelope. Judge Garrison calls Simonovski back to his office, tells him it's too much money and tries to give it back. Simonovski insists, no, no, No, please, please. In the end, Garon keeps the money. What we had all suspected he would do. He actually did it.


Joe Hines, the district attorney in this case, would like nothing better than to tag Jerry Garon with the fact that he accepted a brother. Attorney. Ron FTI represented Judge Garon and told us the judge's behavior may look bad, but there is nothing illegal about any of it. He Never fixed a case. He never accepted any money on any cases whatsoever. The $1,000 that you're talking about was a referral fee that Paul Simonovski said, you referred me a case, I received a fee and here's a thousand dollars. The judges, what's your return to give back? A judge is supposed to take referral fees. Absolutely not. And he tried to give it back three times. He didn't try to give all of it back. Yes, he did.


The whole thousand dollars. You see him counting it out, put it in an envelope, opened the drawer, gave it back to him. That's our position. He ended up taking it. Yes he did. Okay. You've Heard of the law of entrapment, I'm sure. Furthermore, FTI says, Garon showed simonovski no special treatment in exchange for all those meals. The only bribe he's accused of taking is the fact that he had lunch and dinner with Paul Simonovski in order to have favorable treatment for Paul Simonovski and give him Lord guardianships. Now I tell you, I mean that is so ridiculous on its face. A person like Jerry Garon is a Supreme Court judge is not gonna throw in his robes for a hamburger.


The judge on tape, on the course of the matters, telling and coaching Simonovski and how to win a case in front of him. Well, I disagree with That. He's giving him lessons. He's telling him how to write the Memos. That's not, that's not correct. That's what happened on the tape. I understand that it made a decision regarding the property in that case. And what he was doing is telling Paul Simonovski in his own words, that he had ruled in his favor, even though, and you're going to win. He says, and that's wrong. He says, your client's gonna win, but he doesn't deserve it. Well, I Can't. It sounds as though he's saying I shouldn't be doing this, but because of our relationship, I'm going to. That's not correct, but that's what it sounds like. That's not correct.


But 48 hours after Judge Garon took that money, detectives picked him up and brought him to a place they called the Gulag. It's a stark military area here in Brooklyn Inn. There's barbed wire around place. He still had the thousand dollars in his pocket. This episode is brought to you by Polestar. There's only one true way to experience the all-electric luxury SUV Polestar three. And that's to take a test drive. It can go from zero to 16 as little as 4.8 seconds with a dynamic handling of a sports car. But to truly understand how it commands the road, you need to be behind the wheel up to 350 miles of range.


The 3D surround sound system by Bowers and Wilkins. It's all something you have to experience to believe. So book your test drive for Polestar three today@polestar.com. Risk is the show where people tell true stories they never thought they'd dare to share a podcast all about human connection and radical honesty. All through June for pride month risk will be featuring the stories of L-G-B-T-Q folks from all walks of life, you'll laugh, cry, and maybe even end up feeling a little bit better. Go get risk on the Odyssey app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know if you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms@mintmobile.com Is 10. 10 winds. Sources reveal that a Brooklyn State Supreme Court judge is under arrest on corruption charges.


He's identified a 71-year-old Gerald Garon. He was not a low level judge. When Judge Garon saw what investigators had on tape, they say he offered to cut a deal, but in the end it fell apart. And nine months after Frida Hoff went undercover, It took a lot of guts for her to do what she did. The authorities arrested Judge Garon and charged him with receiving a bribe. Accepting all those free lunches, could put the judge behind bars for up to seven years. And when investigators raided Nissan Elman's warehouse, they found a treasure trove of documents when We cracked open these file cabinets.


Now mind you, this is a electronic salesman in the middle of Brooklyn. When these drawers are opened, you feel like you're in a satellite file room for the matrimonial court. They arrested Niso Elman and also retired court clerk Paul Sarne and Judge Garson's, court officer Louis Saleno. They were accused of taking bribes to steer cases to Garson's court. This surveillance tape shows saleno accepting a bribe, a bag full of electronics right on the courthouse steps. It's conspiracy. First off and and foremost, And it all starts with Frida Certainly does, But it doesn't end with Frida.


There are many women who say that because of Judge Garon, they lost custody of their children. Okay, guys Ready? Remember Sal Levy, the woman who's divorced, judge Garon was discussing in that undercover tape. Sal had always suspected corruption. In fact, she's the one whose tip to Frida about Niso. Elman started Frida on her crusade. Judge Garon was arrested before he ruled on Segal's case. But her estranged husband has pled guilty to conspiring to bribe the judge. My ex-husband told me numerous time how he went to the right people to take care of me.


He paid Elman $10,000. But ironically, he says he's the victim and that he only did it because Elman threatened him that he would lose everything if he didn't pay up. I knew about Sal's divorce probably before she did. I knew her name that it was going on. Lisa Cohen Here? Yes. Lisa Cohen knew because she and her husband were friendly with Niso Elman. You socialized with Niso and his wife? Yes, I knew that he had the judge in his pocket. I knew that he was very friendly with the judge as well as he had a very intimate rapport with Paul Simonovski. How Did you know From the horse's mouth? He told me. What did he tell you?


Any favor you need. The judge is my friend in my pocket. He said that Latent. And so when Lisa and her husband went through their own divorce later that year, she was terrified. I received the notice in the mail to appear in Supreme Court and sure enough, judge Garson's name was right there. And what did you think? He said, that's it. I'm doomed. I'm fixed. And it's all over. Lisa's ex-husband hasn't been charged with any wrongdoing, but Lisa still believes his friendship with Elman hurt her. She believes that Judge Garon shorted her on child support. Judge Garon has not been charged with fixing any decisions, but an administrative judge was appointed to review his divorce and custody rulings.


Who says something about this job? One of great things about this job is I don't know if the, I have tomorrow until I get here. I don't give a, The man alleged to be the gatekeeper of Judge Garson's corrupt court. Niso Elman sat down with us for his first interview, his lawyer, Gerald McMahon by his side. Do you think in your heart that you did anything wrong? No. You didn't do anything wrong? No. No. I tried to help these people. Did you ever bribe Judge Garon? Absolutely not.


Were you bribing Paul Simonovski? I was not under impression that I was bribing him. In fact, Elman has been charged with conspiracy to bribe practically everyone in Judge Garson's court from employees Saleno and Sarnell to lawyer Simonovski to Judge Garon himself. But Elman says he never really knew the judge. I was really showing off like I'm a big shot. And that was my biggest mistake. When you told Rita that if she didn't pay, she was gonna lose her kids in 30 days.


What are you saying You meant, Leslie. One of the things that you, when when Freda goes to Mr. Elman and she's asking him these things, there's no question that his responses, his comments to her on many occasions, if they were true, would be criminal, but they weren't true. None of those things were true. Not a single one. Did you say, I am calling the judge? Did you mislead her? I I might have done that just to calm her down. Hi, how are you?


Elman says he lied to Frida when he told her her ex-husband was bribing the judge. And in fact, there is no evidence her ex slipped anyone any money and he has not been charged with any wrongdoing. Still Alman convinced Frida, her ex was up to no good and took $9,000 from her. Every penny he says he gave to lawyer Simonovski, didn't you keep some of the money yourself? Absolutely not. Not even 1 cent. He destroyed children's lives. And I don't have answers for my children, I just don't. You think he did it purely simply for the money Greed.


But Elman and his attorney believed that if anyone's motive should be in question, it should be Frida's. Frida Hanoff is not a crusader trying to clean up corruption in Brooklyn, nor is Joe Hines. Frida Hanoff is a useful tool to Joe Hines so that he can get publicity for this case. You are suggesting that she is not a very truthful person. I'm not suggesting it. I'm stating it categorically. She's a liar. He calls her a child abuser Who found a way to get the charges dropped. Did she hit her child? Well, no, I, we none of us believed she did. She felt that the husband had been manipulating her child, which is what happened.


See, she, But Frida still has to convince the court that she's the better parent to raise her oldest son. Hopefully I'm gonna get my son today. Nearly two years after Judge Garson's arrest, she's still fighting for custody. We'll See. I just wanna get over it already. This episode is brought to you by Greenlight. Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success?


With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving, and investing, and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/spotify greenlight.com/spotify PMS Pregnancy Menopause. Being a woman is a lot. Ollie supports you and yours with expert solutions for every age and life stage. They just launched two new products exclusively at Walmart. Period. Hero combats, flow, mood swings, and more during PMS and balance per meno. To support hormonal balance, mood, and metabolism during perimenopause, grab yours@ollie.com. Ollie, these statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration.


This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. For almost two years, Frida Hoff has been fighting to get custody of her eldest son. And today could be the day. Finally, yif, who still says his mother Hi. Him agrees to live with her because he wants to be near his school. So after a very long wait and a very short hearing, I got My son back. My heart is like jumping up and down.


This is the every mother's dream, you know, to have her kids back. This is a big win for me. A big win. I'm glad we got it. It seems that women all over the country have heard about what she's done. People Start calling me, oh, I had the same story as you. I lost two kids. Another woman calls me. I had one kid, they thought I'm a da. I can help them, but I'm just a mother who fight the system and I won. And you've been likened to Erin Brockovich. That's what they're saying. And who was the lawyer? A Low guardian. The law guardian was Ellen. Every month Freedom meets with other women. If she hears what she thinks is evidence of corruption, she calls her new friends in law enforcement.


Well, I was there once, if I can help those women. Why not? In the wake of Judge Garson's arrest, court administrators formed a new commission to reform New York's divorce court. And Frida was right there In this part of New York, at least things are changing. The District Attorney credits Frida with forcing the leadership of the court to reexamine how they pick judges and how they handle custody cases. Has Frida done that? You bet she did. Here we Go. Now Hollywood has come calling a movie company bought the rights to Frida's story. How Did it feel for you To be the script line is simple.


A Russian immigrant, for whom English is a third language exposed a potential sewer of corruption in an American court. And now the women who thought they had no voice at all will get to be heard. Do you know the word tenacious? No. What's this? It's a person who grabs hold when they want something and doesn't let go. So call me that there. So call me this name. Tenacious, however, tenacious Frida was, it would take nearly five years before the case against Judge Gerald Garon would go to trial. A jury found the judge who handled more than a thousand matrimonial cases while on the bench guilty of receiving bribes.


Garon stood before the court ashamed. I'm profoundly sorry. Excuse me. For the public scrutiny is upon a judiciary as a whole. What I have to say now is for my family, my wife, my children, and grandchildren and friends. And I know that my own actions, shortcomings have changed their lives forever. I apologize all you. They paid them and of course you.


But the former judge refused to apologize to all the women who say they and their children were his victims. Gerald Garon served 30 months in prison. He later died in 2016. At age 83, Paul Simonovski pled guilty to a misdemeanor. Ni Elman pled guilty to all the charges against him. Luis Salerno was convicted of receiving a bribe and Paul Sarnell was found not guilty. Of all charges. Summer is heating up. This shy is back on Paramount. Plus it's a season of the women. This is Our chance. It's time to get to Work, but the men aren't giving up without a fight.


This shy new season now streaming on the Paramount Plus with Showtime. Plan Novak is now streaming on Paramount Plus. You're gonna love this. It's an adrenaline rush of fun. Whoa, this is the best and a bloody good time. Looking forward to it. Novak rated R now streaming on Paramount Plus.