
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


A successful investigation needs facts, creative thinking, and lots of imagination, and that's why 48 hours listeners love Audible with Audible. There's more to imagine when you listen As. an Audible member You could choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest, best sellers and new releases. I recommend the Berman Murders by Doug Carey, a true crime saga set in the Mojave Desert New. members can try Audible free for 30 days, Visit Audible dot com slash 48 hours or text 48 hours to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash 48 hours or text 48 hours to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash 48 hours


In May of 19 92, 9 days after marrying her high school sweetheart, 20-year-old Jennifer Judd was killed in her apartment. She was stabbed with knives that were just given to her as a wedding gift. Police immediately suspect a friend of the couple, but they never close the case. Then a decade later, a different man confesses, but that confession is dismissed on Who killed Jennifer Judd. A podcast from ID investigator Sarah Kalin attempts to solve this 3-year-old cold case. She speaks with Jennifer's friends and family in hopes of understanding Jennifer's life and her tragic death. She also tries to uncover why the police dismiss the confession of convicted murderer. Jeremy Jones. Listen to who killed Jennifer Judd wherever you get your podcasts,


Nina had the most beautiful voice that I'd ever heard. It was her voice that I fell in love with more than anything else and such a beautiful smile. Nina was a doctor and an O-B-G-Y-N in the computing world. Hans riser is thought by some people to be a genius, And so you have a memory, bandwidth, Overhead. He's created pieces of code that absolutely blow people's mind. Hans immediately fell in love with Nina and got married. They had two kids. Nina was the greatest love of my life and what I saw in Nina I hadn't really seen in anyone else.


Hans had a childhood friend named Sean Sturgeon. Nina started a relationship with Sean Sturgeon an affair. We were both intensely in love with each other. He went to five therapists and they all were scared of him. Hans and Nina knew about my wild side, knew about all the s and m stuff, And Oakland mother vanishes without a trace, No sign of an East Bay mother who's been missing out. Six. It's a week and a half and still now. Now, Now police say they have no reason to suspect foul play Rises. Friends, who knows why Nina disappeared.


Is there any chance that Nina Riser is alive and living in Russia someplace? There's always a chance. I've done things that most people they wouldn't even dream of doing. They haven't dreamed of it. He's a super role player. Truly a superb. I am responsible for the death of at least one other human being. He's really become dangerously insane. It's a mystery. When was the last time computer science got wrapped up in sadomasochism murder, bloodstains and the KGB? Never.


Sean Sturgeon knew Hans and Nina Riser better than almost anyone. I love Hans. I love Nina, And he had a particular fondness for Nina. What did you love the most about her? I love that when she got excited, she would jump up and down like a BOGO stick. She wanted to taste the world. She wanted to grow. I loved that she loved life. The last time he spoke to her, it was about some money he had left in her mailbox, Called her up and said, honey, there's some money there. I know you need it. And she said, Sean, I don't know when I can pay you back.


And said, I know. That was the last time I saw her. That was the same weekend. Nina was making plans with her good friend Ellen Doran. Sunday morning she called and she said, why don't we have dinner together? I can bring dinner to your house. The plan was for her to come over at six 30 that Sunday for dinner. Nina and Ellen are both Russian and they both had American husbands. Ellen says, Nina often spoke of her husband Hans. He was very kind and he was very attentive. I know Nina was very much in love with him. It was a relationship that began half a world away from Oakland.


It was back in the late 1990s here in St. Petersburg, long known as Russia's window to the west. When Nina an obstetrician and Hans a computer wizard first met, they had very little in common, but the quirky Americans soon made. The young beautiful doctor looked twice and once smitten, the two quickly became serious. Hans was one of the visionaries behind the Linux computer operating system, and he was in Russia looking for cheap programmers for his new software company. My sense of Hans is that he's got his head up in the clouds. He wants to bury himself in mountains of code.


That's what, that's his dream. Josh Davis is a writer for Wired Magazine and a 48 hours consultant. He says, Hans was developing an expertise in something called File Systems. It's one of the most basic pieces of software in a computer, but Hans felt very passionate that this was what he was going to make his life's work. His life's work, as it turned out, included having a Russian wife says, best friend Sean Sturgeon. He Said to me, I want a beautiful, well-educated professional woman to give up everything to have my children and raised them. Hans thought he'd found what he was looking for. When he spotted this photo of Nina in a Russian bride magazine, do you think that she picked hos as the person to help her get to America?


Or did she truly fall in love with him? I think that she loved him. Nina had visited the United States as a teenager and had always dreamed of living here. So when Hans invited her to Oakland, Nina readily agreed, and within a month she announced She was pregnant. She herself was a ob, GYN as she forgot to use birth control and got pregnant. That raised a red flag with Hans's father, Ramon Riser. You think that was planned? Oh, definitely. Ramon demanded to know more about this new woman from Russia. I said, well, what are her strong points?


He said, well, she's widely read. She's had the discipline to be a doctor. She's fairly quick, but compared to the girls I've known, she's very shallow and I says, do not marry her. Hans ignored his father and married Nina in 1999 when She was five months pregnant with their son, Rory. It was a less than traditional ceremony. Hans is an unusual person, there's no doubt about it. Nina took it all in stride. Life was good and getting better. Hans's company grew and so did his reputation. Even the US Department of Defense came calling.


He got a $600,000 grant from them, and that financed him for a while With Hans, a computer star and Nina studying for her US medical license, the risers seemed to have it all. They even had a second child, a daughter named Nio. I think that Nina was devoted to her children. Her children was her God, her best friends. But by 2001, after Nio was born, Hans began spending more and more time in Russia building up his business. Nina meanwhile was back in Oakland. She was raising the children basically alone. He was gone a lot of the time.


Ellen says Nina felt abandoned, that she talked to him much about it. Yes, She was very upset, and of course she would cry sometimes. I sent him two books, dummies Guide to Better Communication Between Couples and Dummies, guide to Divorce, and I said, Hans, you're gonna need one of these books you choose. And did he ask you to look after her while he wasn't there? Yep. And Sean did look after her in his own way. Who made the first pass you to Nina or Nina to you? That would be me. You made the first pass. You betcha. The thing about it's, if it was just about sex, I never would've done anything because it wasn't about sex at all.


I have plenty of sex. I can get sex anywhere almost any time. It wasn't that I was just, you know, I'm gonna go hit on my best friend's wife. It was love for you And it was love for her. How did Hans find out about the relationship? We told them Not surprisingly soon afterward, Hans and Nina separated. What he said to me, I believe, was that it was very sad that things turned out the way they did. In 2004, Nina filed for divorce and custody of the children. Hans was crushed. I've seen him be extremely emotional about his children, very loving and caring and desperate for their wellbeing.


Hans and Nina were in and out of court arguing bitterly about how the children were being raised. To Him, the interaction between the computer and a child is more important than any other activity. He thought he was a perfect father. Hans, withheld child support payments, and eventually owed Nina more than $12,000. Then came that Sunday in September, 2006 when Nina had made dinner plans with Ellen. It was her weekend to have the children, but Hans insisted for him to have the kids. That's when she took the children to his house. On Sunday, Nina did take the children to Hans's house, but what happened next was a mystery.


I called her I think every half hour after that, and then at nine 30, her phone went straight into the voicemail. Hello, you have reached Nina Roger's voicemail. I thought that maybe something has happened to her, but I, I believe that She was alive. Please leave a message and I'll get back to you as soon as I can. Thank you.


Hiring is challenging, especially when you're a business owner with a lot on your plate. Thankfully, there's a place you can go for help. ZipRecruiter ZipRecruiter does the work for you to make hiring fast and easy immediately after you post your job. ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology starts showing you qualified people for it experience faster, easier hiring with ZipRecruiter. Try it free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash zip daily. That's ZipRecruiter dot com slash Z-I-P-D-A-I-L-Y.


Fans of the 48 Hours podcast, know that a good lead is always worth checking out. And if you're a listener who enjoys from the car, you'll wanna know that the National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4 available with all wheel drive. The new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain or wherever your story takes you. Or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander with three spacious rows of seating for up to eight passengers. Plus both Rav fours and Highlanders are available in hybrid models. So no matter your style, you can drive efficiently and save on gas. Visit your local Toyota dealer and check out amazing National Sales Event deals on RAVs Highlanders and more. When you visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota, let's go places.


Hello, you have reached Nina Roger's voicemail. Please leave a message and I will get back to you as soon as I can. Thank you. And you know, Speaking in her native Russian, Ellen Dorn left repeated messages for her best friend, Nina all Sunday night and into Monday Labor Day 2006. But Nina had vanished. And what were you thinking at this time? I was very, very surprised at first and then scared, but I didn't think that something bad could have happened to her At that point. After being a couple for more than a year, Sean and Nina had broken up.


Nina had a new boyfriend, Anthony Graphos, a prosperous Bay area businessman. Tuesday Morning I called her and then I called Anthony. We just started panicking. I had received a phone call from Ellen and from Anthony, and Anthony was saying, John, we have to put aside all of our conflict and all this stuff and you know, do you know where Nina is? And Anthony's saying, is it possible that she could be with another man? I said, Anthony, you're asking me if it's possible that Nina could be unfaithful to you? No, Anthony, I could never see that. And impossible. Nina would never be unfaithful to another man.


Clearly you have some issues with that, Generally speaking, if you're in a relationship, yeah, you've got issues. And Sean and Nina had a rather unique relationship. She was my wolf. I was her wolf. What do you mean by that? Wolf's mate? Once and for life, what I was seeing in her was that fierce desire to be together with someone else forever. So then why did the relationship end? Nina moved on. Nina broke her word. It says that why you maintained a relationship with her afterwards. You continued to support her both emotionally and financially.


I'm always her wolf. Curiously, those closest to Nina, Ellen, Anthony, and Sean did not contact Hans. Her estranged husband, Anthony drove by his house, but Nina's minivan was not there. Ellen didn't know what to think. I could not imagine that anybody would hurt her. Nina had been missing for nearly 48 hours. Hans was supposed to drop the kids off at school Tuesday morning. Nina was to pick them up. So before contacting the police Allen checks to see if Nina is there. When school lets out, She's going to come pick up her children no matter what. She would've been there and You thought, if she's alive, she'll be there.


It's, it's a saying in Russian, if If, you can crawl, you're gonna be there. But Nina is not there. That night. Ellen calls police who take a missing person's report with the police standing by Ellen Phones Hans. I told him that I picked up the children and being is missing and I know that you saw her last. Do you know anything about her where she might have gone afterwards? And his answer was, I want to talk to my lawyer This riser, this is Officer Guilty Oakland Police Department. I'm just trying to get ahold of you. If, you get this message, call me back. It's very important The police move quickly to try and find Nina.


We've searched a number of different parks, backyards. We had a lot of resources committed to finding Nina Riser, bringing her back home safely. Assistant Oakland Police Chief Howard Jordan sends out an army of investigators to the last place Nina was seen. Han's house in the Oakland hills. Time was taken against us. She had every reason to live For his part. Hans refuses to say much of anything. He Became very defensive, uncooperative, Hans, where are you talking to police? And he did not show any remorse or any concern at all for his wife. Then police find Nina's minivan just three miles from Hans's house.


The grocery she purchased, the day she vanished are still inside and so is her cell phone. But someone has removed the battery so it cannot be tracked. What do you think happened to Her? I think that's for Hans to answer, But Hans is a tough guy to pin down. As police tell him, they realize that Hans who's no longer driving, he's 1988 Honda CRX and they can't find it anywhere. Part of our surveillance was to also locate that vehicle. Meanwhile, the couple's, two young children are taken away from Hans because he is the number one suspect within a week.


Nina's mother Irina flies all the way to Oakland from St. Petersburg, Russia. It's hard to me because She was very close to me. Irina and the children move into Ellen's house. To Wake up every morning and to see the children and to see Nina in them was the most difficult. Them asking, where's my mom? When is she coming home? What do you tell them? We kept telling them that she got lost and everyone's searching for her. As investigators follow Hans, they discover his missing car.


But prosecutor Paul Hora says something else is missing. He removed the front passenger seat. He removed the rear cargo area of the car, threw away the carpeting that covered the spare tire. The police detained Hans to get a DNA sample in his fanny pack. They find nearly $9,000 in cash. His passport and a cell phone with the battery removed The fact that Nina's cell phone battery had been removed from her cell phone intentionally and then later he too had his cell phone battery removed from his cell phone was really a signature circumstance in this case.


Soon enough, Nina's blood is found on this wooden post in Hans's house and Hans riser. The world famous computer genius is charged with the murder of Nina Riser topping Our news. The estranged husband of a missing Oakland woman is expected to be arraigned tomorrow on murder charges. But then just when all the evidence is pointing directly at Hans, the case suddenly takes a dramatic turn. Sean Sturgeon makes a startling confession. I told them that I killed 8.5 people That you had killed 8.5 people.


Yes, the 0.5. I told them that when I had showed up, that person may or may not have been dead, but by the time I left, that person was most definitely dead. My love for Nina Love is not love, which alters when an alteration finds or bends with the remover to remove. There is no doubt that Sean Sturgeon former best friend of Hans riser and Nina's ex lover is one of a kind Love alters, not with his brief hours and weeks, but bears it out even to the edge of doom.


Few people admit to being a serial killer, but that is exactly what Shawn did when authorities began to lay out their murder case against Hans riser. All this time they're telling me, you need to be a witness without you as a witness, we don't have a case. A witness for what? Witness for the prosecution. I knew Hans and Nina better than anyone else. no one else had that perspective. And they kept on after me and I said, no, you don't want me as a witness, If, you get me as a witness. You would probably lose the case. Sean promised that if called to testify he would have no choice but to tell the jury his story.


Have you ever killed anyone? Yes. Under what circumstances? I'm not gonna go into that. The people who I was involved and partially responsible for the death of should have stopped what was happening to me as a child. And what happened to Shawn as a child is clearly something he wants to forget. Were you abused as a child? Yes. Is there anything else on that subject that you would like to say?


No, But Sean has always said that those he killed were his abusers. Why should anyone believe that you had nothing to do with the killing of Nina If. you were violent enough to kill other people. That's gonna have to be up to each individual. It'll be a matter of belief. If they don't wanna believe it, fine. Don't believe it. The most important part of it is that this was a trial of Hans riser for the killing of Nina Riser. And I didn't have anything to do with it. But William Dubois Hans's defense lawyer doesn't buy it. He says that Shawn's history with Nina makes him a perfect suspect.


He had a motive equal to Hans. At least Shawn is the jilted lover of a missing person. Jilted in favor of Anthony RAOs. Tell Me When Dubal hears about Shawn's confession, he is confident he has found reasonable doubt for his client and he says there is even more about Sean. He is eager to reveal to the jury He was a sadomasochist and had a lot of violent tendencies. Hanson, Nina knew about my wild side. All the s and m stuff, the leather stuff. Were you involved with s and m with Nina For about 20 minutes?


Yes, there was some experimentation. Nothing beyond the kinds of things that millions of Americans indulge in, But Shawn's thirst for the unorthodox goes well beyond what a lot of Americans would consider normal. At Hans and Nina's wedding, Shawn appeared in full drag as the so-called maid of honor. How did it come to pass that you were dressed up as a woman? Doesn't a maid of honor generally maid women? Well, I don't know of no men who've stood up, but they don't always wear a dress. They have lack of dedication to perfection. If they wanted a woman, they would get a woman.


I would tell her, what are you doing with a person like Sean? Even Nina's best friend Alan Dorn was surprised by the relationship between Shawn and Nina If. you could just talk to me about the rumors that Shawn was into s and m. Nina was into s and m. Nina knew about it, but doesn't mean she participated in his life. Nina's friends prefer to remember the woman they knew as a great mother. She's the most caring and giving person I've ever met in my life and she deserves so much more than her life.


But the defense plans to tell the jury about a different Nina Riser If, you were a juror. Wouldn't you want to know that a woman who's characterized as a perfect mother was actually living with a sado masochist and that she exposed the children to a very bad lifestyle, which was that of Sean Sturgeon. And because police have never recovered a body, dubois is challenging the very notion that Nina is even dead. Do you believe Nina riser is dead? I don't know where she is. Whether she's alive or dead, I don't know. But Dubois is sure of one thing. Hans riser had no opportunity to kill his wife.


According to the only eyewitnesses at the scene. Not long after Nina disappeared, the last known person to see her alive abruptly left the states and came here to St. Petersburg, Russia. Both the prosecution and the defense believe that witness plays a key role in this case. But what the trial now said to begin, no one is certain when or even if that witness will return to testify Stomachache. Rory Riser was seven years old when his mother disappeared. Okay, We're almost finished, I Promise. Days later, he told police and a trained therapist about the last time he saw his mother.


Tell me about when your mom drops you off at your dad's house. She drove to the Oakland Hills with us and then she dropped us off. And then what happened? She asked us to give her a hug. When your mom asked you for a hug, how was she happy? She was happy. And then what happened next? She left Rory's testimony could help his father, but a jury may never hear from Rory Because Nina's mother Irina has taken him far away from Oakland, possibly forever. They seem like different children here.


I can see that there's absolutely no stress in their lives and they're both very, very happy. 48 hours traveled to St. Petersburg. When Ellen was visiting, do they ask about their mother? Do they talk about their mother? Rory is asking more than Naya 'cause he's older and he's very sad that he didn't tell Nina enough how much she loved her. Does Rory think that Hans had anything to do with Nina's disappearance? Yes. The defense claims this is all part of Nina's grand scheme to move herself and her children to Russia to get away from HODs.


All I know is that two months before she disappeared, she got citizenship for her oldest son who is now in Russia with his sister. The children can't be brought here by any treaty or any legal means whatsoever. They can't be brought back and forced to testify. No. They have to come with their own free will. And the Russians have informed us so far they're they have no intention. And with Hans's murder trial about to begin, dubois believes Nina is having the last laugh back in Russia. We could make a strong case that she is there now and that she is as we're speaking here, sitting in the Black Sea somewhere.


Having Olish Nia, no doubt and finding it humorous that Hans is looking at spending the rest of his life in prison.


Finding great candidates to hire can be like trying to find a needle in a haystack. You get too many resumes and not enough qualified candidates, but not with ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter finds amazing candidates for you Fast. ZipRecruiter's technology starts showing you qualified people for your job immediately ditch the other hiring sites. And let ZipRecruiter help you find the needle in the haystack. Try it free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash zip daily that ZipRecruiter dot com slash Z-I-P-D-A-I-L-Y.


This episode is brought to you by FXs American Sports story. Erin Hernandez from executive producer Ryan Murphy comes the first installment of FXs American Sports story, the limited series charts, the rise and fall of NFL Superstar Aaron Hernandez and explores the disparate strands of his identity, his family, his career, his suicide, and their legacy in sports in American culture. FXs, American sports story. Erin Hernandez Premier September 17th on FX stream on Hulu.


A year after Nina RISE's disappearance, the trial of her husband, Hans Riser begins Hans's lawyer William DUIs remains confident but admits that having an ornery genius as a client is, as he says, challenging. We are apprehensive to a certain degree 'cause we don't know how he'll come across because of his intellect. On the prosecution side, Alameda County Deputy District attorney Paul Hora has his own problems. I have to make sure that I can prove to the jury and convince them that not only is Nina not in the United States with her children, but she's also not in Russia with her family and friends.


Hora begins his case by unveiling this portrait of Nina with baby Rory. It's more important for the jurors to understand that she really was a committed, devoted mother and she wouldn't have left her kids. Then piece by piece, the prosecutor methodically introduces the most incriminating evidence against Hans. The smear of Nina's blood found on a post inside Hans's house Hans's 1988 Honda missing its front passenger seat. Hello. Hi Mom. And this wire tapped phone call between Hans and his mother recorded three weeks after Nina vanished on the tape, Hans gives his mother an earful about Nina.


She Really was nuts mom. She really was. She really was. What? She really was nuts. And whenever Beverly expresses concern about her daughter-in-law, no Matter all these things that she did, she didn't deserve. Whatever it is that's happened to her. Don't you think Pons just does not want to hear it? I think my children shouldn't be endangered by her. It was incredibly powerful to show his state of mind at a time when you would expect a man to have some compassion or some sympathy for the mother of his children, at least for his children. But he just had none. In fact, it was just the opposite.


It was hatred. Hora then calls his first witness and it's a surprise little Rory riser now eight years old and just off a plane from Russia. He is accompanied by his grandmother Arena. Who has decided Rory must tell what he knows. I thought it was important for the jurors at trial to see and hear Rory in person and hear him say that he hasn't seen his mother. Hans has not seen his son in more than a year and is overcome that Rory is so close he can almost touch him. There was a point when he wandered over in my direction and it seemed like he wanted to reach out and give me a hug.


And then the deputies stepped in between us and prevented that from happening. And I always think of that as the hug that almost was. It is a dramatic showdown of a son against father. And Hans is worried about the effect on Rory. There wasn't a lot of concern for his welfare and how he was handled. I don't think he was even given psychological counseling after testifying Jurors. Hang on. Rory's every word as he shows them this picture he drew just prior to the trial. Rory says, each shows Hans carrying a big bag down the basement stairs To coach a child to say things on the stand that aren't true and to pressure him into that is I think very abusive.


Hans sees Rory's testimony as confirmation that his son has been brainwashed by Russian psychologists. Rory testified that he didn't remember that until after he got to Russia. So that kind of tells you something there. On Cross-examination, Rory sticks to the story he has always told. The last day he ever saw his mother. She said goodbye and drove away from Hans's house. On that count, Hora says Rory is wrong. He wasn't a reliable historian about what occurred The afternoon of September 3rd For four months, Hora lines up witness after witness.


She Cared deeply for those children. I mean, She was a a very loving mother. Retired police officer. Benjamin Franklin Denson testifies that he observed Nina in Hans when they were sharing custody. The relationship had become so tense. They had to exchange their children at police headquarters. Denson says he didn't like the way Hans looked at Nina and told her so Lori said, Hey, you need to get yourself a gun. You need protection from this guy. I saw a real medicine in his eyes, real hostility toward her. And I thought he was a real, I mean a genuine threat to her, her wellbeing, her safety. And then it was the defense's turn.


After more than 50 witnesses and five months of testimony, this trial really came down to just one witness. Hans Riser, who with a grin on his face, seemed more than eager to tell his side of the story. If there's an analogy to a table stakes poker game, the defendant went all in. When he took the stand, William Dubois Hans's lawyer realized that having Hans take the stand was a huge risk. But a risk Hans insisted he should take. One of the problems of putting Hans on the witness stand is Hans. But the first impression he made on the jury was a good one.


We were kind of surprised he was making eye contact. He was smiling. I think he wanted us to like him. Hans was composed on the stand. He told jurors that on the day Nina vanished, he saw her walk out the front door of his house, get in her minivan and drive away. It was the first time that he ever told anyone in law enforcement what had happened to Nina that day. The first I had ever heard of it too. When it was Horace Turn, he asked Hans why had he removed the front passenger seat from his car? He said he removed the passenger seat in order to make a Honda CRXA more comfortable place to sleep. His explanations were ridiculous and they were lies.


The Honda CRX is an awfully small car that wouldn't be comfortable to sleep in no matter what you did With it All told Hans testified for 11 days until there seemed to be nothing more for anyone to say. Now the case heads to the jury. If the jurors like him and believe him, he's going home.


There's nothing worse than getting home from your trip only to find out you missed a can't miss travel experience. That's why you need via tour book, guided tours, activities, excursions, and more in one place to make your trip truly unre. Regrettable via tour makes it easy to explore over 300,000 travel experiences. Everything from simple tours to extreme adventures and all the niche interesting stuff in between. So you can plan something that everyone you're traveling with will enjoy real traveler reviews. Give the inside scoop from people who have already been on the experience you're considering so you can plan with confidence Free cancellation helps you plan for the unexpected. And 24 7 customer service means you always have support around the clock. Download the Via tour app now to use code via Tour 10 for 10% off your first booking in the app. Regret less, do more with Via Tour


If, you are a new parent. A bad day means you either ran out of coffee, diapers, patients, or all of the above. Stocking up on cold brew and deep breaths are all you, but at least Hello Bellows got your baby's butt covered. Hello Bello believes all families deserve premium, affordable baby products with their ultra convenient diaper bundle subscription service that includes seven packs of diapers and four packs of plant-based wipes. You'll never run out of supplies Better yet they're delivered to your door. Set change and cancel your delivery schedule whenever you want. Named Best diaper subscription by New York Magazine and winner of the 2022 Good Housekeeping Parenting Award. Hello Bellow will keep you well stocked on diapers and wipes. Go to hello bellow.com/ Wondery to get 30% off your first customized bundle and a full size freebie product of your choice. That's hello bello.com/ Wondery to start bundling with 30% off your first order. Don't forget that's hello bellow.com/ Wondery.


Nina and I came to know each other. I never stopped loving her. I never will. I got these recently in part as a remembrance of her dias vault. God willing, I will be with Nina again. The murder case against Hans riser goes to the jury. Still a circumstantial case. Nina's body has never been found and that leaves jurors wondering about the possibilities. I don't think Nina was an angel.


There were some things that were brought out in the trial having an affair with Hans's best friend. Clearly there is some sympathy for Hans. You feel sorry for anybody going through a divorce, especially a contentious divorce. But one fact is never in doubt. When it came to Nina being dead, there was nothing that told us that she wasn't. And then once we established that, we looked at guilt versus innocence and we started from the beginning For three days, jurors deliberated before reaching a verdict. We the jury, find the defendant Hans riser guilty of a murder.


Murder in the first degree, Been the best father that I know. How When Hans responded to the verdict by saying, I just tried to be the best father I could be. To me it just cemented his guilt. That is the response of a man who is trying to explain why he murdered his wife, not the response of a man who has just been wrongly convicted of murder. District attorney Paul Hora applauds the verdict, but it hits defense lawyer Bill Dubois. Hard. I was numbed by the trial and the tribulations that we went through to get to that spot. Dubois feels the jury was prevented from hearing the truth about Sean Sturgeon.


We tried to point out that as a matter of fact, he was a sado masochist and had violent tendencies and yet the prosecution never accounted for his whereabouts or let the jury know anything about him. Before the trial judge Larry Goodman had ruled that the jury could not hear Sean's brazen statement about killing eight and a half people. So neither side called him to the stand. In fact, there is no proof that he has ever killed anyone. Sean says he's violent past is behind him and that he has in his own words, come to Christ. So why not just come clean right here, right now?


Have you killed eight and a half people? No. I picked a number. I wanted them to leave me alone. Sean remains a free man, never charged or arrested. And then last summer, a dramatic development. Hans riser shocked everyone. He offered to lead police to Nina's body, but there was a catch. Hans wanted a reduced verdict and less time in prison. I had a first degree murder conviction. I had the maximum conviction and I wouldn't make a deal with anybody unless I thought it was to our benefit.


I had to be sure that Nina was gonna be there. Hans assured Hora he could deliver Nina's body in this never before seen video Hans leads investigators into dense woods just one half mile from his house. He was under armed guard, but a plan was hatched to ensure he could not escape. Hans agreed to be handcuffed to his lawyer, Mr. dubois. He walked down a small footpath to the top of a hill over the crest and then down. All of a sudden, Hans and his attorney began just bushwhacking through trees and bushes. I thought to myself, we're never gonna find anything here.


And we got to a point where he crouched down for a minute and looked into these bushes and I couldn't see anything and neither could anyone else. And then he got up and he continued down the hill and stopped for a moment. He said, she's right up there. We just passed her. And lo and behold, when you got down and took a real hard look, it looked like an area that had been dug up and then recovered. Nina's remains were buried in a four foot by four foot hole that Han says he dug in the two nights after he killed her. He said, If, you dig down two feet Nina's inside of a garbage bag inside of a duffel bag. You know the first thing that flashed through my head was Rory's drawing. What are the chances of Rory drawing a drawing like that in Russia months and months before her body's ever recovered, talking about Nina being in a bag and then lo and behold, Nina's found in a bag As part of the deal.


Yes, Hans is required to provide a detailed confession of how he murdered Nina. I placed my hands on both sides of her neck and in the most unsophisticated choke hold that the Judo instructor would completely despise you forever using I choke her. I'm very sorry that Nina died. I'm very sorry that Nina died. Hans says he killed Nina because he felt She was purposely harming their children in order to bring attention to herself. The condition is called Munchhausen syndrome By proxy, She didn't have Munchhausen's by proxy disorder.


She was a wonderful loving mother who did the best she could under the circumstances. She was in One month later, Hans is back in court. Judge Larry Goodman agrees to lower the verdict to murder in the second degree. Have you read this form, sir? Yes. Can you understand the contents of this form And sentences Hans to 15 years to life? DA Paul Hora did face criticism for making a deal with Hans to recover Nina's body. But he says he put Nina's family's concerns above all else.


They stand at the front of the line, their voice is the loudest. And if they want her body and they want that closure to have her remains and to have that comfort in the future, they deserve it. What will you tell the kids as they get older? What will you tell them about her? That they should be proud that they had mom like that. And I'm proud that I address my friend. In 2012, Hans Riser was ordered to pay his children $60 million.


If, you like this podcast? You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Across America BP supports more than 300,000 jobs to keep our energy flowing. Jobs like expanding our biodiesel capacity in Washington state and reducing operational emissions in the Gulf of Mexico. It's and not, or see what doing both means for energy nationwide at BP dot com slash investing In America,


You've worked hard to build your brand. So why settle for one size fits all branded clothing lands and outfitters creates apparel your employees will truly want to wear that unites your team in comfort and style. It's clothing that bolsters your brand identity and creates a unique connection between your brand, your employees, and your customers. It's why Lands and Outfitters has been a supplier of branded apparel to some of the world's most respected brands for more than 30 years. From Logo Polos to fully customized branded wardrobes, our world-Class Outfitters will partner with you to help you and your team feel confident on the job and put your brand into action. From logo application to online ordering Lands and Outfitters offers seamless solutions that give you peace of mind. All backed by above and beyond expertise. See why LANs End Outfitters should be your branded apparel partner. Go to business dot lands end.com/pod 20 and use Code Pod 20 for 20% off your first product. That's business dot LANs end.com/pod 20. Code Pod 20 for 20% off your first product.


Paramount Podcasts.