
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


Even If, you love the thrill of true crime stories as much as I do. There are times when you wanna mix it up and that's where Audible comes in with all the genres you love and new ones to discover. Explore thousands of audio books, podcasts, and originals with more added all the time. Listening to Audible can lead to positive change in your mood, your habits, and even your overall wellbeing. And you can enjoy Audible anytime while doing household chores, exercising, commuting, you name it. There's more to imagine when you listen. Sign up for a free 30 day Audible trial and your first audio book is free. Visit Audible dot ca


After the Centennial Park bombing killed one person and wounded more than a hundred public pressure and a media witch hunt. Push the FBI to find a suspect despite obvious holes in their case and unethical tactics. Security guard Richard Jewel was pressured to confess. Listen to generation Y, the Olympic Park bombing on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts.


I have been trying to sell this house for years. What is a problem? People think it's hunted. That's because a very powerful man died here. His name was Ted Bean. Teddy Binion is legendary in Las Vegas. My name is Glen Ewt and I'm a true crime writer. I'm sitting in the newsroom. Four 19 dead body call came across the scanner. Binion home. It's a big story, An emergency. My husband is not breathing. He needs someone To come. Sandy calls 9 1 1 says, I found Teddy dead.


He took me in the living room and said, oh, I'm sorry to tell you, but he's dead. Early on it was presented as a simple drug overdose, but it didn't take long for the suspicions to start swirling. At the time Sandy was 23, Ted would've been like 51. Sandy Murphy is a hot woman. I mean she is good looking. Do you despise her? Despise, yes. Why? She had a part in the demise of my brother. Teddy was one of the most gifted casino operators you will ever meet.


Ladies Said gentlemen play. Ds had the reputation of being the place to gamble. Teddy loved to party. He loved to drink, he loved to do drugs And he loved guns and he loved money. He lived a Las Vegas lifestyle. We all know he loved women. When Ted told me he had put Sandy in his will, I was just shocked. Why was your brother killed To, to get the money, the greed From 7 million to $14 million worth of silver. Teddy wanted the money in his sight. He wanted to know where it was.


The The rumor is that we do have a treasure here. A treasure buried somewhere on this property. Yes, Teddy was a man who went to great lengths to hide his money. Treasure chest, Who knows? Only way to find out is to get a shovel. It's, it's a mystery. Then you have this sexy woman, drugs and affair, lots of money. I don't believe that we will ever truly know what happened to Ted. It's easily the biggest mystery in Las Vegas history. Buried Secrets of Las.


Vegas. Doing good. I'm running out of time. If, you were standing in front of a group of people who had never met you before. How would you describe yourself? I would just say, hi, my name's Sandy and I'm in Laguna and I'm an art dealer. Come see me. It's Sandy Murphy's Wedding Day with all the trappings of Orange County, California privilege.


But Sandy's route to a walk down the aisle has been as twisted as anyone could have imagine. How would you describe the life that you have Led? Well, it wasn't an easy one, that's for sure. She grew up in Southern California, the adored only daughter of a hardworking family. Sandy was always a natural competitor. I went to high school and I played I think three sports my freshman year. Sandy worked for a local car dealer all the while looking for the bet of a lifetime. Have you always had a sense of adventure? Oh yeah.


That Sense of adventure brought Sandy to Las Vegas. I was 21 and I had never been on a vacation away from my parents. And She's got a great personality. She's sweet as can be. Glen Ewt, a former Vegas newspaper man turned true. Crime author would come to know all about. Sandy's soon to be legendary Vegas jaunt. When you sit and talk to her, her eyes will melt you. Those eyes first lit up the strip when Sandy and a girlfriend hit town in 1995 with a wad of cash and visions of a good time For the trip.


I just brought like whatever my budget was, I think it was like 15,000 at the time. And what do you do with it? Well, we went to go gamble and we lost it all. Like in the first hour, nobody. And what were you playing? Blackjack. Sandy was busted and desperate for cash to last for the rest of the trip. That's when the girlfriend She was traveling with suggested they try selling some of the custom lingerie she made together. They headed over to one of sinc city's most famous strip clubs. We just went in and asked the bouncer if we could sell all of our lingerie and if it was okay if I put it on and modeled it.


And what were you wearing? I was wearing the Dallas Cowboy outfit. A sexy little outfit. Yeah, it was really cute. And that's how I met Ted. Ted. Just a first name. That's all Sandy knew about. The memorable man she met that night at Cheetahs, a man who couldn't take his eyes off her. Then he became more flirtatious throughout the night. And you know Ted's the kind of guy that's like larger than life and when he's in the room, you just wanna be close to him. Were you Attracted to this big personality man? Oh, Definitely. He was very sexy.


Ted wasn't just a sexy guy with a big personality. He was Ted Binion and this was the family business, the legendary Horseshoe, one of the most famous casinos in the world. Ted was Vegas royalty, the son of one of his town's original icons, Benny Binya. You could call Benny Mr. Las Vegas, except for the fact that New turn. Wayne, you are Mr. Las Vegas. Thank You. No one has more Vegas in his DNA than Wayne Newton, the singer, actor and icon who grew up with everyone from Sinatra to Elvis.


But long before Wayne sang Dunes, Shane Benny was already a notorious outlaw and Vegas pioneer. Benny Binion's place was right across the street from where I spent five years at the Fremont Hotel. And Benny Binion was a legend then. Did they say you know everything about Las Vegas? There is to No, no, I don't think so. Legendary enough to make it onto CBS news back in 1981. Yeah, I never did it on Oak stock. I don't own nothing. I don't control. It all began in Texas where Benny controlled the largest illegal gambling operation in Dallas.


He had a serious reputation. Even then, nicknamed Cowboy Benny admitted killing two men himself. I hear about that organized crime, but I don't really know a damn thing about it. In 1946, the Dallas District Attorney vowed to shut him down. Benny stuffed a suitcase with $2 million and headed to what was then a sleepy desert town. Las Vegas, The founding fathers of Las Vegas. Benny Binion certainly headed up that group. It was a paradise of legal gambling and Benny became king.


It wasn't a matter that you didn't cross Benny Binion. It was a matter that had never crossed your mind to cross Benny Binion. Benny built a gold mine. Binion's Horseshoe. He invented the World Series of Poker. His casino's trademark $2 steaks, free booze and no limit betting. That's my father. The legendary. Yeah. Benny Binion for Becky. Binion Behnen. Ted, Myself, her Brothers Ted and Jack. Ted Is a nice looking kid And her sisters Barbara and Brenda. There's A lot of us at the ranch. It was a life of splendor, action and outlaws.


It's the life that they make movies about. Absolutely. That was the extraordinary bit of Americana. The one of a kind story that Ted Binion was part of. Fast forward to 1996 and that fateful night at Cheetahs as Sandy Murphy danced for Benny Binion's millionaire son. She had no idea. She just hit the jackpot. I was from California. I didn't, I was completely clueless Because she claims she knew nothing about the legacy of Benny Binion's son, Ted, the mysterious man She was dancing for and I take it Teddy liked your dance.


Oh he did. So where did the relationship go from Cheetahs? He was very persistent and extremely like relentless. We just started dating every single day. Sandy, the girl who'd come to Vegas for a week was soon living at Ted's beautiful home with its huge rambling backyard, just minutes off the strip. He just said he liked me because I was different. But for Sandy at least, it wasn't quite love at first sight. No, it was lust at first sight. And when did it turn into love for you? Probably about six months into the relationship. And what was it about Ted that you loved?


I just loved his carefree spirit and he was a very nice person. Of course you loved Ted's wallet. She didn't love Ted. No. There was no love that she had with Ted. Did you sense it right away? Of course. I mean, he was 50 something years old. She was a 23-year-old girl. What would she see in a 50 something year old man except his bankroll. But there was something else Sandy would soon discover about Ted. Something even more powerful than his multimillion dollar bankroll. He was a hardcore heroin addict. He just would get high every day, all day long.


Imagine you're walking through the park one day and you see a suspicious backpack sitting underneath a bench. You report it to the police. And upon investigating, they discover two live pipe bombs inside you rush to clear the area before they explode, saving countless lives and preventing injury. Everyone declares you a hero for a fleeting moment until everything changes and you are declared the prime suspect. This was the story of security guard Richard Jewel. After the Centennial Park bombing killed one person and wounded more than 100 public pressure. And a media witch hunt pushed a desperate FBI to find a suspect. Despite obvious holes in the case and unethical tactics used by the FBI, security guard Richard Jewel was under pressure to confess. I'm Aaron Habel. And I'm Justin Evans. Join us as we explore the aftermath of the 1996 Centennial Olympic Park bombing in the newest season of our podcast, generation Y, the Olympic Park bombing Follow Generation Y on the Wonder App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to Generation Y ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.


At a time when we're debating where policing is going, we're gonna tell you where the police came from. They wanted me to write about the New York City Police Department, but without using the words violence or corruption, which is effectively impossible, A story of how the largest and most influential police department in the country became one of the most violent and corrupt organizations in the world. It doesn't matter if you're, you know, a self emancipated law person or if you're a free or they're just sending people back to the south, kidnapping them. When officers with the power to fight the danger become the danger. I was terrified. I'm not gonna talk to the police 'cause they're the ones who are perpetrating this. Who am I gonna talk to From Wondery and Crooked Media? I'm Chin Jra Kika and this is Empire City. The untold origin story of the NYPD. Follow Empire City on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcast, you can listen early and ad free on Wondery Plus. Right now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts.


This is the house that Ted Binion built. This is 29 0 8 Pao Lane. And this is a very interesting property. Christine Lefkowitz is a Vegas real estate agent. We are offering at the 1.8 million. It is a tough sale in today's market and you've got to be creative, especially when a house has a history like this one. The rumor is that we do have a treasure here. A treasure buried somewhere on this property. Yes. Well, we always had cash 'cause we always, you know, would spend cash.


When Sandy moved in with Ted, she started living a life with all the perks of Vegas royalty, a new Mercedes diamond jewelry Spending account, champagne. Did you fall in love with Ted because of who he was or did you fall in love with his money? Boy, I just fell in love with a guy and all the stuff came after Money. She sees money. Ted's sister, Becky Bain says Sandy was a calculating gold digger and made no bones about it. She'd say things to me like, I wouldn't be with any old man unless he was rich. She'd say that to you. Yeah, so I, I didn't know. I would never know. Did you Ever pass that along to Ted?


Oh, Ted knew, but Ted liked that. She was young. Did He have some charisma like your father had? Yeah. Knew where every dollar was, where every dollar was going. But he wasn't his father. His father was a pioneer. Teddy was trying to live that legacy. The truth is, Ted never came close because along with his brilliance as a casino manager came afar, darker side his association with known gangsters and his deadly addiction. That was heroin. And what would he do? He would smoke it. His favorite kind was the black tar heroin.


Unlike most addicts, Ted had a nearly unlimited bankroll and he could afford to chase the dragon, a wasteful method of smoking heroin involving squares of foil like this. So he would actually take a a, a lighter and and hold a flame underneath the, the foil and, and the heroine smokes then. Well, it just comes right up in his face. More than heroin would soon go up in smoke. As Ted's addiction became known to the authorities, they'd investigate. And in 1998, the Nevada State Gaming Commission revoked Ted's casino license.


Ted was now barred from the floor of the horseshoe and the whole town knew he couldn't go into his father's casino says Mr. Las Vegas, You couldn't have done anything possibly short of killing a child or molesting a nun that would've carried the frowns and the oh, Ted stepped up his heroin use and the fairy tale on Palomino Lane seemed to come to an end for Sandy. He just became a guy I didn't really know, like a stranger. So why didn't you leave? I don't know. It's a weird thing when you love someone and they're having a hard time.


Ted's life became a closed and shadowy world, but a new person was allowed to gain entry. This man, Rick Tabish Just became good friends with the guy Who Ted Binion met in a most unusual place. Teddy met Rick ish at a urinal. He was relieving himself. Looked over and there was Rick ish. The two men shared an interest in Montana where Rick grew up and Ted spent summers at a family ranch company, Taking me to his ranch, invited me over to his house. But Tabish a smooth talking businessman was in fact a convicted felon with a record for theft.


Ted started giving him jobs, you know, odd jobs here and there to do things for him. What kind of things did Rick do for Ted? Well, for example, he's the one who built the vault. The vault for Ted Binion silver, depending who you ask. Ted had between seven to $14 million worth of silver bars and coins stacked up at his father's casino. The Binion family still own the horseshoe, but Ted was banned there since he'd lost his gaming license. So he decided to move his silver here to the sleepy desert town with the unlikely name of Pahrump Nevada, where Rick Tabish helped him build a bizarre underground vault in an empty lot Ted owned between a Burger King and a casino.


How many people knew the combination to that vault in Pahrump? Two people. And who were those two? Rick Avish and Ted Binya. When he took the silver from the casino, I called my sister and I said, If, you and Jack let him take the silver from this casino. You're gonna get him killed. And who would kill him? I never said who would kill him, but I had strong feelings about Sandy. I didn't know that much about Rick at the time, but I did not trust this girl. But apparently Teddy did to the point where he wrote Sandy into his will, You know, to put her in his will was insane.


Just absolutely insane. Did You think it was inviting something? Yes, I did. Then on September 17th, 1998 at 3:55 PM a call came in to a nine one one operator in Las Vegas. We need Someone to come outta the house. That hysterical voice was Sandy Murphy's. Moments before she claims she'd found Ted Binion on the floor, cold as ice and surrounded by drug paraphernalia. Like I kind of rolled him over, you know, and I just like started to panic because he wasn't breathing Across town at the horseshoe.


Becky got word that something happened to her brother. I, I heard that the coroner's office was in front of Ted's house. So I called the coroner's office and then they told me, yes, it's Ted is dead. By all initial appearances, it seemed like an open and shut case, suicide or accidental death of a lifelong addict by lethal overdose. But Ted's sister, Becky had other ideas. She pressed the cops for further investigation and told the press this wasn't an overdose. And I asked him, please consider this a homicide to proven otherwise.


Two days later, a series of bizarre events in the desert, 60 miles from Las Vegas blew the case wide open in death as in life. Teddy was a Vegas headliner. He was Ted Binion, Las Vegas police. Lieutenant Wayne Peterson led the investigation. This is the din that Teddy Binion was found in. Where Was his body? Do you know?


It was right about here in the middle of the floor, a bottle of Xanax next to it. Peterson already knew all about Ted and his bad habits. It looked like a, a drug overdose and certainly with Teddy's reputation. That was no surprise to me or the sergeant at the scene. But none of that appeared to lessen the shock for Ted's sister Becky. Very sad, very devastating. Or his friend Rick Tabish. I'm real surprised against his real tragedy. It all left Sandy Murphy hysterical. And I like didn't really believe it. I just said, no, he's just on drugs.


Like he needs to go to the hospital. She had been wheeled out on a gurney and put into an ambulance screaming. But even after She was rushed to the hospital, questions began to arise about Sandy's sincerity. Nurses described your crying as theatrical, that you were actually saying the words Boo-hoo boo-hoo while you were crying and they felt it was fake. Well, I just think that's mean. Talk Just reinforced my thoughts, Which were That she had something to do with the death of my brother.


It didn't take long for the suspicions to start swirling. And they were swirling big time within a matter of about 48 hours Swirling into a tornado Category five. And the unlikely epicenter of that tornado, not in Las Vegas, but here in the desert town of Pahrump, where Ted had Rick Tabish build that underground vault to store his millions of dollars worth of silver. What Rick Tabish did next made one thing certain this case was about to explode. This was all a vacant field.


It was just sagebrush And Knight County police, Lieutenant Ed Howard out on patrol spotted a large tractor digging in the cold night Earth. Right away I knew something was wrong because nobody digs up a vault at two o'clock in the morning, Right where Ted Binion's secret vault sheltered some $7 million in silver. I'm thinking somebody stealing the money. It was just one day after Ted Binion had been found dead and who had turned up in Pahrump Turns out to be Rick Tabish. And he goes, is there a problem? Oh yeah, a big one because along with a tractor Tabish and two sidekicks had a truck.


My partner looked inside the truck and looked at me and said, there's a load of silver in there. They know I had a relationship with Ted Tabish, calmly informed police. It was all okay that Ted had told him if he ever died to get the silver for his daughter Bonnie. He goes, I'm just doing a favor for the family. And I go, really? Does the family know you're doing them this favor? And he goes, well no, I was gonna call him. I go, of course, of course you were. Rick Tabish was arrested and charged with grand larceny. But there was another surprise. The person who bailed him out was Sandy Murphy That sent the story into the stratosphere Front page news.


Oh, front page news every day. While Rick was caught by cops leading a dig for Ted Silver, Sandy was conducting a manic video inventory of Ted's valuables at Palomino Lake. She Did all this and all this. I have all The for attorney. No, I want Everyone to see videotaped it all music In there. I got another pistol in there. I bet they forgot about that one. 'cause they were smart enough. And look, there you go. I had taken a bunch of his pills and I just was really upset. You know, I'm gonna Take my Vargas and my Luther Gunther and I've already taken my my other piece of art that was in here. Your focus at that moment seemed to be more on possessions rather than Ted.


Maybe I could have behaved better, but that's how I behaved and that's the way I dealt with it at the time. Oh, we we're taking this for certainty. This Is me. Is this gold digger video in your opinion? Absolutely. Sandy, protecting Ted's estate. Make sure you Get a pile Of this or protecting a secret relationship. They called each other all the time. Did Sandy and Rick Tabish have an affair? Yes they did. They went to Beverly Hills. Well, I only had sex with him the one time at the Peninsula Hotel. Prior to Ted's death, had you and Rick Tabish talked about a life together? No. A life without Ted. No. We never had that kind of relationship.


But Ted suspecting Sandy was too timing. Him was ready to cut his losses. He totally had it with her. The relationship was over. It was over. And according to Becky, the day before he died, Ted told his lawyer to take Sandy out of his will. He said, if I'm dead tomorrow, you'll know who did it, meaning Sandy Murphy. And the next day, Next day he is dead Vegas cops had a motive. Now they needed evidence. Ted was buried cowboy boots atop his coffin. Police searched for the piles of cash he'd hidden in the basement ceiling.


Every nook of the mysterious rumor filled house. How much money do you think he might have had at the house? Oh my God, a lot. Are we talking about 2 million, 3 million? I'd say more than that. Millions in cash and a valuable rare coin collection. Everything was gone. It's all gone. Police zeroed in on the events of the day. Ted Binion died. Casual events that seemed out of place. So what room is this? This was the living room Starting with the positioning of a simple set of curtains Here. These drapes were closed and according to the landscaper, these drapes were never closed.


And he said that these were shut. These were said he couldn't see inside the house that day. Cops still believed Xanax and heroin killed Ted Binion. But was it an accident? This was more than just a simple drug overdose. Remember, Ted had smoked his heroin, chased the dragon to play it safe. He was careful. He knew that it was a dangerous drug. The evidence would be in the autopsy. When the Vegas coroner examined Ted Binion heroin and Xanax wouldn't only be found in his bloodstream. This large amount of heroin was found in Teddy's stomach.


That would be a waste of good heroin for him to eat or drink. You know, heroin Cops now believe Ted was force fed a lethal cocktail of heroin and Xanax. With that evidence and mounting pressure from the Binion family. Ted's death was classified as a homicide. They were responsible for his death. Sandy Murphy and Rick Tabish. Yes. Why was your brother killed? The money? The greed. The greed factor. And on June 24th, 1999, Rick Tabish and Sandy Murphy were arrested and charged with the murder of Ted Binion.


Would you ever be able to kill Ted for money? No. Are you a killer, Cindy? No. So you called me and told me you were gonna help him. You never came. You didn't care about him when he was Sick. Las Vegas's trial of the century was set to start Jurors some of them in tears. It's hard to believe you couldn't make this stuff up.


When 60 Minutes premiered in 1968, there was nothing like it. We realize, of course, that new approaches are not always instantly accepted. Very Few have been given access to the treasures in our archives, but that's all about to change When you tell me something. If, you can we'll name no names. I'm Seth Do of CBS News and I'm excited to introduce a new podcast from 60 Minutes called a Second Look. You Rolling? The team at 60 Minutes has spent the last year digging through thousands of tapes and reels of film, and you're about to hear some of the sound that was never broadcast like 21-year-old Taylor Swift. 10 years from now I'll be 30. What's the sound? Then? We'll hear how much our world has changed and how it hasn't. You Were either for the books or against the books and it was almost like a civil war. It's time for a second. Look. Listen to 60 minutes a second. Look. Add free on Wondery Plus in the Wondery app starting September 17th.


I'm Al Ledon, host of Reveal from Central Mexico to the front lines of Ukraine, we were given an order not to take any prisoners from an abortion clinic in Florida. A woman was just assaulted to the streets of Chicago. More than 2000 kilograms of heroin came to Chicago. Award revealed is your weekly dose of investigative reporting. Somebody has to say something, subscribe to reveal wherever you get your podcasts.


What was it like for you to be arrested for the murder of Ted Nyan? At first, I kind of thought it just was so ridiculous that it was just a joke, But the charges were deadly. Serious murder in the first degree for the killing of casino mogul Ted Binion. Still Sandy Murphy didn't quite seem to get it flirting openly with her co-defendant and lover Rick Tabish. The Overwhelming sentiment in Las Vegas was they're guilty and someone needs to pay Sin. City was outraged and transfixed by the audacious couple as the curtains opened on the trial of the century.


And did you love your father very much. Plenty of witnesses questioned Sandy's character, including Bonnie Binion Ted's daughter. Do you think Sandy Murphy was jealous of your relationship with your dad? I think it's very possible she called me a bitch. Key testimony came from two unlikely witnesses starting with a Vegas manicurist. Did Ms. Murphy make any comments about to Ted Binion's future he wasn't gonna be around. Deanna Perry testified that as she polished Sandy's nails, she casually mentioned that her rich boyfriend Ted, would soon be dead of an overdose.


Did she tell you when he was gonna die of a drug overdose within three weeks? Ma'am, I'm telling the truth and that's the best I can do. That's Great. But this man told a tale of premeditated murder and a planned heist. Kurt Gratzer testified his childhood friend Rick Tabish asked him to kill Ted and promised there would be a big payday for all. Did he tell you where that money was gonna come from? I see all the proceeds from the silver. Did he tell you that there were any other items that he was interested in? Diamonds cash coin collections, The diamonds and cash rumored to be hidden in Ted's house and backyard Here Still hadn't been recovered.


Prosecutors then focused on the suspicious way Ted died. How many heroin deaths are you aware of using the method you've described as chasing the dragon? It almost doesn't occur. World famous forensic pathologist, Dr. Michael Baden, didn't believe an overdose killed Teddy. My opinion is he died of asphyxia by suffocation, Not just any kind of suffocation said Baden, but a rare method of murder dating back to 19th century England. That's specifically called Bing. I'll show you how they burked Them.


Bing like Boris Karloff did in this film. The body snatcher suffocating an already intoxicated person leaving minimal evidence, but Boden said, said Ted's buring was botched. He pointed to these circular marks on his chest, Which in my opinion matches up to the buttons on the shirt. There is no data whatsoever. The defense was weak. Are you And was never able to undermine Boden's Bing theory and neither Sandy Murphy nor Rick Tabish took the stand After eight days Of deliberations.


Jurors some of them in tears delivered their verdicts. All of Vegas was watching on live television. Find the defendant, Richard Bennett, Tabish guilty of murder of the first degree. We the jury, find the defendant Sandra Renee Murphy as follows, guilty of murder of the first degree As Vegas cheered both faced life in prison, but even with her freedom stripped away. Sandy Murphy bet on another long shot. She's sitting in a Nevada prison most likely for the rest of her life.


Is the story over? No. She writes me a letter, a handwritten letter. I read this letter and I say to myself, this woman's innocent, Sandy hit the jackpot again. Look At the facts. Look at the evidence. Alan Dershowitz, the legendary lawyer who defended celebrity clients like OJ Simpson now agreed to spearhead her appeal. It seemed to me that the great Dr. Biden started with his conclusion and reached the buring as a theory of justifying his conclusion and the evidence just didn't support it. Remarkably, the Nevada Supreme Court agreed with dershowitz's arguments and overturned the convictions of Sandy Murphy and Rick Tabish.


I explained to her that She was gonna get a new trial. I said, you are all in on this one. This is it. Four years after her first trial, Sandy was back in court this time with Hotshot Vegas defense attorney Michael Cali. Sandy Didn't kill Ted. Ted killed Tet And Tabish also drew a winning hand hiring wild man. San Francisco lawyer says Tony Serra. Is There reasonable doubt that there's been a homicide? Is there reasonable doubt? The defense suggested key witnesses had been bought off. Madam, you've been paid. Yes.


Yes. Manicurist. Deanna Perry was quickly compromised when she admitted receiving $20,000 from Ted Binion's estate after her testimony in the first trial. The estate called it a reward for information. My Question is, do you see the irony in that? Yes or no? I don't know. I wouldn't expect you to. Good. And this time around Kurt Gratzer told the court, Rick Tabish was only kidding about offering him cash to kill Ted. And he said he wanted to kill him, but he wanted me to do it. And he started laughing. You just said that button gotta be up against your skin. The defense took apart pathologist, Michael Boden's Berking theory.


They'd say the marks on Ted's body weren't from buttons being pressed onto his chest, but were nothing more than a simple skin condition. On top of that, the world famous doctor had never even examined Ted's body and mostly relied on photographs. You'd like to look at the buttons. You'd like to measure the buttons, wouldn't you? Yes. Okay. Your fantasy theory goes out the window, doesn't it? No. Defense lawyers would have an amazing nine medical experts of their own testify that Boden's Buring theory was dead wrong. And they have rejected as absurd heard the Badden theory of Birkin.


Sarah took center stage and delivered a performance. They are still talking about in Vegas. Mr. Ted Binion was a Dema God. Hail caza. We will find an assailant. The head must be brought forth and placed on the stick by dusk. Somewhere out there off the strip, you could almost hear Benny Binion rolling over in his grave as the second jury got busy, Knowing that they could take that freedom away from you all over again after I had just done five years in the penitentiary.


So that's the scary part.


True Crime Podcasts. There is no shortage to consume. And if you're like me, you've consumed them all. I'm Ashley Flowers, creator and host of the number one True Crime podcast, crime junkie. Every Monday we cover a case in a way that's not like you've heard before because I have built a one of a kind team of investigative journalists dedicated to conducting original reporting, making sure that you get the inside scoop. Listen to hundreds of Crime junkie episodes now wherever you get your podcasts.


As the jury arrived at a verdict. Yes, We have your honor. November, 2004. More than six years after casino owner Ted Binion's, mysterious death and two trials of the century, Sandy Murphy and Rick Tabish. Were about to learn their fate. Alright, Miss Foreperson, please read the verdicts aloud. The anticipation and fear made sandy sick Count one conspiracy to commit murder and or robbery. We find the defendant not guilty. Not guilty. Once convicted murderers both now vindicated. I couldn't wait to walk out back into the free world For Ted's sister Becky.


The verdict made her sick as well. There's never any closure. I don't get my brother back, But it wasn't a complete victory. The jury did find the two guilty of stealing Ted Binion's buried silver from that vault in Pahrump because of his previous record. Tabish remains in prison, but with credit for the more than three years she served on the first conviction. Sandy was soon leaving Las Vegas now finally home again in California. Sandy has put her life back together. If it wasn't for Sandy, I mean this wouldn't even be happening.


Marrying a successful art dealer last spring. It was the fairytale wedding she never had with Ted. The once notorious Sandy Murphy is now Mrs. Kevin Roan. Are you happy? Oh, I'm very happy just to be able to get in my car and just drive a mile away. I don't think I would appreciate it as much as I do now if I didn't have these experiences. And whatever happened to Ted Binion's treasure, his daughter got most of the silver from the vault out in Peran. Ironically, a sizable amount remains unclaimed in the courthouse.


Did you ever see Raiders of the Lost Ark? I did Remember that scene at the end when they're in that huge warehouse. Government warehouse. Yes. That's sort of like here, isn't it? Yes It is. It's much like that Evidence Custodian Rainy Williams. Good lord. Yeah, I told you it was heavy. Jesus Dusts off a small fraction of Ted Binion's treasure. So of Ted Binion's coin collection. Yes. People have been trying to find where all the rest of his coin collection is. Yeah, there's lots of rumors about that. Rumors about unaccounted four millions realtor. Christine Lefkowitz thinks she knows where it might be. Well If, you look over here, there's a strange mound in the front yard.


Yeah, But If, you look at the backyard, which we're gonna go there in a minute. You'd see a couple more spots like this. With the current owner's permission, we decided to do some treasure hunting ourselves. We hired ground penetrating radar technician Jared Lampe. If Ted did have something buried here, I think we'll find him. He spent hours combing across a section of the dead millionaire's backyard. We found some anomalies here that were about six inches from the surface. Listen, treasure chest, who knows? Only way to find out is to get a shovel.


As the sun went down, we began our treasure hunt. Alright, Christine, you ready? I am Ready. But all we found was fool's gold. I think our box may have been a rock. Then our crew began to dig at a second location. But the deeper we dig, the more frustrated we become. Based on your experience, should we call this? I think we should call this one. Alright. It's over. There's no, no treasure. No treasure. In Vegas. The old guard still wonders what really happened.


Mr. Las Vegas spoke for the town. Do you believe someone got away with murder in this case? I do believe yes, that someone did get away with murder. However, Ted's demise might have been contributed to immensely by Ted himself. And as for Sandy, she feels Vegas always had her pegged wrong and she is vindicated. I felt that this little girl was mightier than they were because I had something that they didn't have going for 'em. And that was the truth. Sandy Murphy with a new confident voice.


I don't think that there's any winners in this ordeal. A little older, a little wiser. Lucky to be where I am today, that's for sure. With a story for the ages, not looking back In 2010, Rick Tabish was released on parole after more than 10 years in prison.


Paramount Podcasts. If. you like this podcast? You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.