
Collier Boyle was lying awake at night when he heard something horrible. What was going through your mind at that time? Where's my mother? She would Never ever leave her children His Best hope to team up with a middle-aged detective with a chip on his shoulder. I got a partner now somebody who's gonna help me find out what happened to my mother. His whole Life's a lie


From Sony Music, entertainment, and Orbit Media. This is finding Mom's killer available now on the binge search for finding Mom's Killer wherever you get your podcasts.


To start listening today, Simpsonville is a tight-knit community. It's got that small town southern charm. This is a place where you bake a cake and take it to your neighbor next door. It was a a great place to be a police officer and murderers and serious assaults for a few and far between. My name is Patty Ver and Cati. Blauvelt is my daughter. Katie was five one.


She was a teeny little thing. She was just a free spirit. She made friends so easily. She loved animals. That was her biggest thing. She loved animals. She touched a lot of people's Lives. She did. John Bla belt was working over there at the Armed Forces Center. He was a recruiter for the military. He was someone that was respected by the community. Somebody who's in the military, you can rely on him and I think she wanted that somebody stable and dependable.


John was a catch for Katie. She married him, was happy, wanted to have kids and get their life started. They were moving into their new house, so everything was really cool. What did John and Katie seem like as a couple to you? At first they were really great. Honestly. They had a little honeymoon after they got married and once they got back things were no longer as good as they were. It seemed like ever since then, just everything went downhill. Their marriage had fallen apart. Hannah Thompson and John were hanging out a lot. He started dating Hannah Thompson, who I believe was 17 And was Hannah in love With him?


100%. She loved John and she wanted to be With him and Katie was a problem for her. And if they got Katie out of the way, she could have John to herself. On October 24th, 2016, Cati Blauvelt went missing. She disappeared. She disappeared. Off The face of the Earth. Yes, And now nobody could get in touch, touch with her. Her phone's cut off. We don't know what's going on. Shortly after midnight I got a phone call from our chief of police at the time and he advised me that they'd found a body at an abandoned house, very dilapidated house. How had she died?


She'd been stabbed in the neck. John did it. I know John did it. Oh yeah. I immediately thought John, We did our first interview With him several days after her body was located. I'm just gonna ask you point Blank. Did you kill Katie? No. Okay. Do you know who killed her? No. Shortly after that interview is when he fled the state. John disappears and he is on the run. John bla goes on the run. Where's Hannah With him? I contacted the United States Marshals. This is their bread and butter. What they do best.


I'm a deputy US Marshall. We go after fugitives violent offenses. He's been trained on how to defend himself. He's been trained on how to kill. Does that make him a unique fugitive? It does. So we don't know where he's gonna go. We don't know what he could be doing Next. When you heard that he was on the run, what'd you think? I was like, oh my God, you're never gonna find him. Peter Van Sant reports Katie Blauvelt the death of a soldier's wife In the soft South Carolina night in the city of Simpsonville.


Cati. Blauvelt was missing. It had been two fearful days for her mom, Patty Ver. I just was terrified as something was gonna happen to her. Then past midnight, October 26th, 2016, investigator Cheryl Schofield and Keith more craft were dispatched to the scene. Katie's mangled body had been found in an abandoned farmhouse. 22 years old, a knife blade left in her body. There was a rectangular concrete box kind of in the center of the basement. We found Katie's body inside of that box.


Her body had basically been folded into this box. It was a picture of what you would see in a horror movie. Katie's mom was overwhelmed. I was totally empty inside. She did not deserve to be murdered. Katie's stepsister, Jennifer Ver. I just prayed and cried and just sick. Just sick. Moore Craft and another investigator went to tell John Bla his wife's body had been found. We Went to make the death notification. I'm so sorry if we lost that.


At first, lave appeared distressed, but as the conversation progressed, his demeanor changed. Didn't ask normal questions such as where did you find her? How did she die? He wasn't shocked by the News. He didn't seem to be at all. What did that suggest to you? That he knew how she had died. He knew where her body was. John bla did have one question, but it wasn't about Katie. Am I being charged with a crime? 'cause he's recording me and I'm not comfortable with that. You're not being charged Okay. With the crime right Now. Right away you sensed this could be our guy. I I was pretty confident at the time, But they couldn't arrest him on a feeling.


First Moore Craft and Schofield had evidence to gather and a case to build. But just as they got started, John Vet took to the road traveling With him. Hannah Thompson, his new girlfriend, all of 17. How concerned were you about Hannah's safety? If he was willing to kill his own wife? There's no telling what kind of danger Hannah Thompson would've been in by fleeing With him. But John Bla hadn't always been considered threatening back in 2014, in this quiet city of some 20,000, he was a welcome part of the community.


The larger than life public face of the US Army. A person of principle, someone willing to sacrifice Yes. For his country. That's what I think. These are all admirable traits, right? Yeah, exactly. It was then that John met Katie just yards from his recruiting office at this sub shop where she worked. Katie turned 20, John was 26. They started dating and They just hit it off. She's lovable, caring, funny. They wouldn't fall in love with her. In the summer of 2015, recruiter John Bla vet convinced Katie to enlist. But after just two months, a health issue prevented her from finishing her training.


They found a problem with her spine. She got a medical discharge outta the army While Katie's military hopes were dashed. John told friends he had found his calling. He Loved his military career. That's one thing we learned is that his career was everything to him With his war. Stories about his deployments in Iraq, his sharp uniform decorated with service ribbons. John impressed local teenagers Like to me like he had all his ducks in a row. Almost like a role model, right? Almost Like a role model, more like It was definitely like a role model. Ali Somerville, a close friend of Katie, says she often ate lunch with John at his recruiting booth in her school she adds, he also sometimes showed up at local hangouts.


I thought he was cool. He was very interested in your life, what you were up to and things. Yeah, he made sure I was okay, But as he began dating Katie, her family was never half sure about John bla. I don't think I ever had meaningful conversation With him. Did he seem interested in you, in the family? No, not at all. Then after about a year and seemingly out of the blue, Katie surprised her family with an alarming announcement. She says, oh by the way, she said, me and John got married today and I'm in shock. She said, oh, we got married at the courthouse.


They went on the honeymoon. But within two months this, that honeymoon was over. Collier Boyle was lying awake at night when he heard something horrible. What was going through your mind at that time? Where's my mother? She Would never Ever leave her children His best hope to team up with a middle aged detective with a chip on his shoulder. Well, I got a partner now somebody who's gonna help me find out what happened to my mother. His Whole life is a lie


From Sony Music, entertainment and Orbit Media. This is finding mom's killer available now on the binge search for finding Mom's killer wherever you get your podcasts.


To start listening today, Staff Sergeant John Bla and his new bride were putting down roots in the community. Katie had taken a job at the local PetSmart. Yeah, she's gonna love that. And she did. And She was passionate about animals. She was. This could be a career for her. Yes. As for John, he already owned this four bedroom home in Fountain Inn right next to Simpsonville, where Investigator Cheryl Schofield worked Once they got married, this is the house that they were supposed to move into and have a family.


She wanted a family. She wanted to have kids. Katie moved in and soon the house was crowded with kids but not the kind Katie imagined. Unfortunately, the only kids that were here were the teenagers that John bla invited. John had invited Katie's niece to stay with them and later Hannah Thompson and Ali Somerville crashed there too. Allie says it became a party destination for kids from their high school where John often worked as an army recruiter. We were just smoking weed all day, every day. And how old were you then? 16.


And Allie claimed it wasn't just weed, that was the draw. She said at times there was booze, acid and cocaine. This is with the US Army recruiter, right? US Army Recruiter. Yeah. Letting us party at his house like this is awesome. At the End Patty says, it wasn't long before Katie grew frustrated with all of the partying and told John it had to stop her dream house turned into a party house. Right? And that's the last thing your sister wanted, right? Absolutely. As Katie and bla, ville drifted, Hannah Thompson was there to fuel the fire. Hannah absolutely despised Katie. And what was the nature of Hannah's relationship with John?


As time went on, Hannah became John's puppy. Anytime that John would tell her to do something, she would do it. It was all too much for Katie. According to police records, after being married less than three months, Katie moved out. Captain Schofield says John and Hannah wasted no time. She moved into John bla IL's bedroom in this house when Katie moved out. Whoa, that's creepy. Like you're in your late twenties and she's 17, dude, like you're not supposed to be doing stuff like this. Hannah's father went to the police and told them he hadn't seen his daughter for two weeks. That night on February 26th, 2016, cops showed up at John bla vet's house.


When they arrive, what happens? They try to make contact with John and John refused to come outside. Allie Somerville was inside the house with John and some other minors when police arrived And John was like, lock the door. Nobody go outside. What Were they saying? Like John bla belt, like come out of the house with their hands up. But you Must have been a little terrified. Were you not Terrified? Yeah. These are People with weapons. Were weapons out. Oh yeah. There were weapons on and everything. A veteran of the Iraq war and they're having to pull their guns to get him out of the house. Yes. It's kind of extraordinary, isn't it? Yes, very much so. John eventually opened the door and was questioned by police.


On February 27th, 2016. He was arrested and charged with contributing to the delinquency of a minor. His soldier's image replaced with a mugshot. He's the exact opposite of what everybody thought. He was exact opposite. And soon bla vet's troubles would get even worse. Police talked to Katie the day bla vet was arrested. She told them about a more troubling incident. She says happened a month earlier There had been a domestic violence incident where John allegedly pointed a gun at Katie, Pulls out a gun, points it at her right head. Yep. Says what?


That he was gonna kill her and also threatened the family. Threatened the family. What do you mean to shoot? Threatened to kill the family. Fountain and police department investigated the matter and ended up charging him with domestic violence. A restraining order was issued preventing blah and Katie from seeing each other. He blamed her for ruining his life because there was obviously gonna be a consequence from the military. That consequence came just a few days later when the Department of the Army cut John's pay and suspended him from the recruiting duty that defined him, You can't do this and be a military recruiter.


The army reassigned him to a small back office and began an investigation that might lead to his dismissal. He was like, I can't be out in the field like on the front lines. I'm not recruiting people for the army. Now I'm sitting behind a desk. And that's what made him so mad. Katie quickly moved on from her short, disastrous marriage and told her mother she planned to divorce. John, your daughter moves out. Does she move back with you? Yeah, but despite the restraining order, Katie and John still had some contact including visits to the house she had shared with John.


The only reason she would go back over there was because she had her dog over there. Jupiter. For some reason, I just was terrified that something was gonna happen to her. As for bla belt, the military career he cherished was in tatters and according to Allie Somerville, he planned to get revenge. Did he ever say anything about harming Katie? Yes. He did say multiple times that he was gonna kill Katie. He said that she ruined his military career. That's all he's ever wanted to do in life. You destroy my career, I'm gonna destroy you. Yeah. Do you think he'd really go through with it? No. Never.


He was very vocal on the fact that he wanted Katie dead. He wanted Katie gone. Police say Cati. Blauvelt was last seen alive on October 24th, 2016 at her job at PetSmart. But come morning in Simpsonville, no one had heard from her calls to her, went to voicemail. Her mother reported her missing. Did she tell the officers she spoke with that she was suspicious of John bla?


She did the desperate search and the painful waiting began. I thought I didn't think she was alive anymore. It was terrifying. It's the worst feeling. You feel helpless. But after midnight, two of Katie's friends followed a hunch that sent them deep in the woods to the old abandoned farmhouse. Teenagers would go there and they would party, they would drink, they would smoke marijuana. Katie and John were known to have gone there too. The friends made their way to the basement.


They were horrified by what they found. One of them called 9 1 1 9 1 1. What's location of your emergency? We found my friend Katie's dead in. Okay. Okay. Are you saying she's dead in the house? Yes ma'am. Is she cold? She's very pale. And there was no response, Katie bla vet's body had been stuffed into that cold concrete box. You believe she, Katie was killed outside the house and brought in? Yes. And we believe that she was actually killed on the gravel driveway and then drug on her face through that window. And if she's screaming, there's no one to hear.


You wouldn't hear it from that house where that house was located. And you live with that every day. Every day Doesn't get easier does it? No. It was October 26th, 2016. Investigators made that official death notification visit to BLA belt. They got their first sense of the resentment he held towards Katie. She flipped my life upside down. Moore Craft and Schofield wanted more information from bla belt. And so just a week later they spoke With him.


Anything he said can be used against you in court Didn't seem to really care that she was gone, let alone had been murdered. I lost a friend, maybe not the best wife, but I lost a friend. He told them he visited Katie at the funeral home. She by herself? Yeah. Well I took Hannah with me. Yes sir. Yeah, Lave said said he hadn't seen Katie in months. Their marriage had been a nonstop argument. What kind of stuff were y'all arguing about? Everything just normal. Just normal stuff. He, he seemed very arrogant, cocky, narcissistic. Then the cop fired. Point blank that question.


Did you kill Katie? No. Okay. Do you know he killed her? No. Sitting across talking to this man, what are you sensing in John Blofeld? That he very much is the one who more than likely committed this murder. Like he was put off like we were taking up this time that he was smarter than we were and that he was gonna get away with this. Next up Hannah Thompson. I don't know anything about her murder. You do. I don't. You Do investigators confront Hannah sensing. She must know something. Tell us exactly what happened to Katie. I really don't know. And while they suspected Hannah might know something, they did not know exactly what I can tell you already.


You're lying to me. Okay? You do not wanna get wrapped up in catching a murder charge, right? You're 17 years old, you have your entire life ahead of you. You may love John and you may think you two are gonna get married and walk down the yellow brick road. Okay? But no man and no woman is worth going to prison for. Do you agree? Yes sir. Okay. If you know something and you're trying to cover up for it, you're gonna go down with the person who did this to her for, for knowing anything. Whether it was beforehand or after the fact. You're gonna go down with 'em. Investigators showed Hannah an autopsy photo of Katie.


Look at her. Hannah, she's right here. I don't Wanna look at her. That's your friend. I don't wanna do this anymore. Don't wanna do what? Don't wanna help us find out who killed her. Can I please leave? Can I please sleep? Hannah, this is a friend of yours that I'm trying to do. I know and I wanna help, but I can't just listen to you With no help from Hannah. Police hands were tied. We had to let him go. Potential hard evidence had to be processed including bla ves cell phone records and his DNA. It's very aggravating because we, we know we're sitting across from the person who killed his wife.


And shortly after that interview is when he fled the state. He had taken this red GMC Yukon And he was gone. Here Was John bla belt trained in survival and combat suddenly loose on the open road. I didn't think they were ever gonna find him. He just disappeared off the face of the map. And so did Hannah Thompson. Police believed she was with lave prosecutor Kinley Abe would begin building the case with the chilling evidence.


She says he left behind First. What I wanna kind of show you is you know the knife that was found in Katie's neck. And so what you can see here is this x-ray that the actual knife blade broke off inside of Katy. What you're holding there Yep. Is what I'm seeing on this xray. Exactly. Matches exactly right there. That's what was found and lodged in her neck and that's how she died. Simpsonville Police knew they needed help to find John Lave. I contacted the United States Marshals. The investigation is, let's find them, let's find them. Let's find them.


College holds a mythic place in American culture but there are stories you won't hear on the campus tours. The Higher ups are concerned about one thing and that is avoiding scandal. I'm Margot Gray. On the new podcast campus Files, we cover everything from rigged admissions to the drama of Greek life and student protests. Listen to and follow campus files and Odyssey Original podcast. Available now on the Free Odyssey app and wherever you get your podcasts.


On November 18th, 2016, John bla, still on the run, was charged with Katie's murder. What kind of fugitive are you dealing with? A cocky one. John thought we weren't ever gonna find him. Us Marshall will cook based near Simpsonville would become the point person in the hunt for BLA belt who had been skilled at evasion. He had training from the army that the government provided him to Avoid. You guys Avoid us and he was good at it.


Investigators remained uncertain about Hannah Thompson's involvement in the murder, if any, but they knew for sure she was traveling with bla ve. They uncovered photos of bla ve and Thompson shopping and bla belt at an ATM, his red Yukon truck passing through Texas and New Mexico heading west. Were you able to get hits on where this vehicle was from time to time. So There were a couple of license plate reader hits, But by the time police were able to respond, bla was gone In a game like this.


All the seconds count. Then after a month, investigators caught a break. Hannah Thompson made contact with her family from Eugene, Oregon. She wanted to come home to Simpsonville. Cheryl Schofield couldn't wait to talk to her. We are very glad that you're back and that you're safe and that nothing bad happened to you. Hannah's story was that John had left her in Eugene just up and walked away. Did you ever see John again? And Hannah added, she had no idea where John was headed, but apparently she had enough of life on the run.


She thought it was gonna be a fairytale. You know they were gonna live on the lamb and make things happen. But after a few weeks of that reality set, in Any romantic notion Hannah May have had was derailed When John got the Yukon stuck in the mud in the Pacific Northwest. Couldn't get out, could Not get out. He said that we would hike. We had to hike, like walk off the mountain basically Miles and miles. The couple was reduced to panhandling for change and they use that for food Sustainment.


What Hannah says while on the road ve confessed sharing the awful details of the killing. He told me that the knife broke. They, I can't believe that he would do something like that. But what else did he tell you about it? I know it's, it's hard. He told me that the last thing she, she said was that if he let her go that she wanted to call the police. Where were they? Hannah? How An adult can psychologically take advantage of a child.


Do you believe in a way that's what was going on between John and Hannah? Absolutely. Yeah. And he was just crying and screaming and like he was like saying that he did all that stuff for me. Like did all this stuff like kill Katie. Like he was like, I did that for you. And like all that kind of stuff. Like trying to make me feel like it was my fault. Hannah told conflicting stories about her involvement eventually saying she dropped bla veed off by PetSmart the day Katie disappeared and then left. Hannah says she did not know he planned to kill Katie. But later that day he asked her to help hide Katie's car.


She also admitted she had lied in her first interview just days after Katie's murder. He told me that if I lied to the police that he would keep me safe. What did you Investigators did not charge Hannah right away because they needed her. We had a long term goal of a finding John b prosecuting him and she was the key to a lot of that. We're still hunting for John. Okay. They hoped she might lead them tove. Has John contacted you by Facebook at all since you separated or contacted you by any means at all? No. Please don't keep it a secret from from us.


Okay. Okay. But if Hannah knew where John was, she wasn't ready to tell them. I still don't care about him. Even though he did something like really bad. Like I feel like I should. Part of me does. But part of me just thinking about how he used to be Lave was still out there Months turned into years, lives changed. He's beating us and we don't like to lose. It's driving you crazy. It's driving us crazy. Was it frustrating that you retired with this case still out there?


It was very frustrating and it was the only case that I still had that was open. Those who knew blah belt, thought justice for Katie might never come. John is the type of person that if somebody was gonna get away with it, it would be John. I never really thought that they would get him. The cops in Simpsonville interviewed Hannah repeatedly over the years. Then in 20 22, 6 years after Katie's murder, Hannah finally revealed a secret. She had been in regular contact with Lave for years. We had been talking the whole time. Like at first we were talking every single day multiple times.


Like for hours a day. Did anybody know you were still talking to him? Not Talking about Hannah told investigators how they communicated At the very beginning we were communicated on Facebook messenger and then after that we were talking on Snapchat. So What she said, their conversations ended in 2019. Authorities believe Hannah had matured with time and distance away from John. She told them she realized what she had done was wrong and gradually offered more leads. John might still be in Oregon and she added, John told her he had been living with another woman for years.


'cause honestly she's in danger too. Based on some of the information that Hannah gave us, zoned us in on John's new girlfriend in Medford, Oregon. Medford, a small city in the northwest. Investigators jumped on the lead and discovered a phone number that John had used to text a mystery woman. And this sounds tantalizing, isn't it? Very tantalizing Marshall. Chris Te is Will Cook's colleague in the northwest. His team got an address that corresponded with the mystery woman's house. He took us to the scene. They started to stake out the house. Stake out the house.


And they followed a subject out, a male that appeared to match our description. But six years after John allegedly murdered Katy, how could investigators be certain they had their man? John has some unique tattoos. Can you show me? So this is a still shot from one of John's initial interviews with Simpsonville police. The tattoo of a pirate. It was a quiet morning in Medford. As I'm starting to pull through this neighborhood, my heart is racing.


The marshals made their move. That's the house right there. And Did you see any activity? We did see him come out. He was just coming out shirtless. But was it for sure John bla a pirate told the tail. I could see his pirate tattoo. Right? It's about to happen. It Is On July 20th, 2022.


Some six years after Katie's death, Chris Tema joined Marshalls and other law enforcement for the take down of the man they believed killed her. John's about three quarters of way down the driveway and the guy started going right at him giving him commands. Police show us your hands. Get down on the ground. And what does he do? His eyes got wide, pure shock and he drops down to the ground fast. John lave under arrest. He's getting handcuffed. Handcuffs. But the suspect told the marshals they had the wrong man.


He Said, I'm Ben Klein. He said, no you're not. And he's stuck with Ben Klein. Ben Klein. We have a device that allows us to moly print someone in the field, Fingerprint, Fingerprints. It took less than five minutes for Ben to become John. Your Fingerprints show that you are John Lavell. You were wanted outta South Carolina. He knew it was over. He Knew it was over. When the marshals went inside the house, they realized the raid could have taken a fatal turn. There was a firearm, a handgun sitting right on the nightstand. And what did that tell you? That was an indication to us that he probably would've given a fight.


All of it was apparently news to the woman Laved was living with. When she returned to the house later that day, Pure shock. She was visibly shaking, crying, scared. Te Mayo recorded audio with her at the scene. So he's being arrested on charges outta South Carolina. For what? For murder. Are you serious? Yeah. I can't Believe any. This Is like a nightmare. I'm sorry. Laves girlfriend told the marshals, she had no idea who he really was. We've been together for like six years.


He would do random odd jobs. He was basically here watching my cats and my, my dog all the time. Gotcha. She loved him. She Loved him. The news hit Simpsonville like thunder. I was over the moon just freaking, it was just, that was such a great Day and I was completely elated. John bla would go cross country again. This time handcuffed brought back to a South Carolina jail to await trial. Just three months later, Hannah Thompson would be charged with five felonies, including obstruction of justice and accessory. After the fact, she would plead not guilty and be released on bail.


Prosecutor Kinley Abe, who began putting the case against lave together. A few months after Katy was killed, would team with John Mets preparing the case for trial. Starting with that blade investigators found in Katy's neck. Doesn't get any worse than that. And that's what she died from. And you can actually see through the collar of the shirt where that knife blade entered and you can see it right there, right? Yeah. Right into her neck. They focused on that abandoned farmhouse where kids once partied where they found Ka, They would throw their bottles, their empty beer cans. And that's exactly where he discarded Katie's body.


So do you think John was making a statement by placing her body Absolutely. In this bin that normally you put trash. Yeah, absolutely. Prosecutors say lave blamed Ka for the abrupt end of his military career. It's all Katie's salt. He's not responsible for what he did. He's blaming his wife. Yes. And there were John vet's own words. While on the run he kept a journal that the marshals found like a diary. Correct? Correct. And it held a damning entry. So at the end it says boldly I did it. And for you that's what, That's evidence and proof that he murdered Katie.


In September 20, 24, 8 years after Katie's death, John bla went on trial for murder. Patty ver described the child. She adored, She was, I mean everybody loved her. Allie Somerville stared at the man she once called a role model. He Looked like a stone cold killer to me. The prosecution's key witness was Hannah Thompson. She would admit to helping lave the day Katie died. You loved John Lave Did? Yes. You helped him hide Katie's car after he killed Dick? Yes.


You didn't know he killed her that time? No. But she did help him? Yes. And prosecutors played this grainy video. Hannah says, it shows John bla vet getting out of Katie's car and into his, Hannah was at the wheel of his Prius. Was That the you one that vehicle? Yes. In those cars in the Prius? Yes. Once on the run she says he told her the details of the murder. He had told me that he killed her. He told me that he stabbed her in the neck. He said that he threw her phone into water that was on the ground in the abandoned house.


And he said that he had to cover up the her blood with dirt. But bla Ves defense team, Paul Neely and Anna Walker made Hannah admit that her story changed over the years. You've lied to your friends and your family. Yes. And you kept lying. Yes. Then the defense zeroed in on the lack of DNA evidence at the scene. Was there any DNA that tied John Blofeld to this murder? No. There was no DNA matched to John Blofeld.


And what about John Bla Fels journal in which he wrote? I did it. His lawyers told 48 hours. Much of it was a fantasy. A lot of this journal is filled with these fictional stories of observations. It's filled with poems, drawings, all kinds of things. As for Hannah Thompson, You heard she has five pending charges for the information she ultimately provided to law enforcement. The prosecution pointed to the importance of her testimony. She's facing 55 years in jail upon conviction for those crimes. And she got up here with no deal state, didn't offer her a single thing, no agreement to dismiss her charges, no cooperation agreement, no nudge, nudge, wink, wink, none of it.


She got up here and testified and she told you because she thought it was the right thing to do. She did a great job going up there and telling the truth and giving the key details of what John had told her what he had done to Katie. The trial lasted four days. The jury was out for some five hours As To the charge of murder. We, the jury unanimously find the defendant, John Keith lave guilty. John Laved has been found guilty for the murder of his estranged wife, Katie Boyer. Laved Taylor Farmer covered the case for WSPA. It was very emotional in the court courtroom.


Kind of quiet, but you could tell Katie's family was very emotional As soon as the jurors got out. I just started crying. John Bla was sentenced to life in prison without parole. He's a monster. She was helpless. And what did the family think about Hannah Thompson, who allegedly covered for BLA belt for so long? I would think she was a stupid 17-year-old until at trial when I heard how long she had been in touch With him. You are not willing at that time to turn him in. I have hard feelings about that.


It's unfathomable. What Would you say to your sister today if you Could Okay. That I'm sorry that I love her and that I think she was brave. Hannah Thompson's trial date is still pending. John Blauvelt is appealing his conviction. If you or someone you know is experiencing domestic violence, the National Domestic Violence Hotline can be reached at 1 807 9 9 7 2 3 3. Or text start to 8 8 7 8 8.


Join me Tuesday. Four Post Mortem from 48 hours where we'll dive even deeper into today's episode and answer your questions about the case. Collier Boyle was lying awake at night when he heard something horrible Was going through your mind at that time. Where's my mother? She would never ever leave her children His best hope to team up with a middle-aged detective with a chip on his shoulder. Well, I got a partner now somebody who's gonna help me find out what happened to my mother.


His whole life is a Lie from Sony Music, entertainment, and Orbit Media. This is Finding Mom's Killer available now on the binge search for Finding Mom's Killer wherever you get your podcasts. To start listening today.