
Alan Reig was found dead in a parking lot in Oklahoma. He'd been shot twice. Once to the head. You'd think his wife would be devastated. Not exactly. She was either the Black widow or in bad luck.


This is the unbelievable story of a fem fatal with the Trail of bodies in her wake from Sony Music Entertainment. This is Fatal Beauty. Available now on the binge search for Fatal Beauty. Wherever you get your podcast to start listening today.


Merry Christmas, everybody. She was the type of person that no matter where she went, she made friends. She was always on the go. I was driving her everywhere. She was caring and loving. She sacrificed herself. She helped others all the time. Stephanie knocked on my bedroom door and said she was going to bed. She said she loved me, and I said, I love you too. That's it. Went down the hallway to see why she wasn't up yet, and I pushed the door the rest of the way open and I stepped into the room and her body was there on the floor. Cheryl's mom was yelling that Stephanie was laying on the floor and she was covered with mud.


It wasn't mud, it was blood. And I picked her head up. 9 1 1. My daughter. What's the problem? Can you laid on the floor? She's up, please. How old is she? She's 12, please. His painful cries were just almost unbearable to listen to. She was murdered. She was stabbed to death. At this time, we have not been able to discover signs that would indicate that there was forced entry. The possibility is that it could be a family member or an acquaintance or a stranger.


I picked the phone up, said that they made an arrest in the case, and I said, who? And I just said what? That was the biggest shock I ever got in my life was that phone call. Dozens of young people from all over San Diego came out to collect trash and clean up a canyon. Often used for drug related activities. It gets you to not do stuff like watch TV all the time. I, it gets you out there. I wonder what Stephanie would look like. How old would Stephanie be? 19. 19. She would be in college as well. Already graduated high school. It's been more than six years since Stephanie Crow was murdered. But her parents, Steven and Cheryl finally have hope that justice is on the horizon.


We're back on the record in the Toit case Today, this man, Richard Toit, a drifter, a felon, and a diagnosed schizophrenic is going on trial for her murder. The people Will show beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant murdered Stephanie Crow. Just try to get justice for her. And if we could do that, that's, that'll be a little bit off our shoulders. But it's been a long road. Very long. So is there any doubt in your mind he killed her daughter? No. After her funeral, we went back to the cemetery to make sure everything you know was, was done right and everything. And who do we see walking A couple blocks away from the cemetery? Towards the cemetery. But Richard Tuite, The crows have never had a doubt that Richard Tuite did it.


Stabbed Stephanie nine times in her bed after sneaking into their house while the rest of the family slept. Do you think about that night? Every day? I, I wish that we would've heard something, not give anything to be able to go back. That doesn't happen. Stephanie's big brother Michael was 14 years old when it happened. He has grown up in the shadow of the murder and despises Richard Tott. I can't stand looking at him. The whole reason all this happened is all because of him and his choices and the choices of his family and everyone who's just enabled him to just get by.


Michael Crow may be convinced that Richard Tuite killed his sister, but the authorities haven't always been so certain. In fact, even today, after all these years, there are still those who believe others did it. Others who remarkably confess to the crime yet to, it is the one on trial now because there is also dramatic evidence against him. There is one thing, no one disputes. Richard Tuite was here in the hills of Escondido on that terrible night in 1998, the night Stephanie Crow was murdered. 9 1 1 emergency. We had like a transient type walking on our door.


You got a red Shirt on the night of the murder. Police received numerous reports about a stranger in the crow neighborhood. I don't know what he's doing. He Was, they say he appeared disoriented, knocking on doors looking for a girl named Tracy. He had those Charlie Manson eyes, you know, he looked really crazy. I said, he gave me the creeps. Is this the man who knocked on your door? Yeah, That's him. The crow's next door neighbor. At the time, Reverend Gary West told us he saw Richard Tuite that night. You go to the door and and he says what? He says, I'm looking for the girl. And I said, well, there's, there's no girl here. You have no business here. You just need to get outta here. When did you first meet Richard Tuite? How old were you? I was 15 years old At the time.


Richard Tuite was obsessed with this girl, Tracy Nelson, who resembled Stephanie. I could see maybe resemblance 'cause my hair was different color when I was younger at that time I was into drugs, and so we would get high together after doing the drugs. He would start, he started getting a little paranoid is what he did. He would start thinking people were following him. Would you point out the various sort of landmarks in this area here? That's Reverend West's house. Then our house is over here to the right. You can see houses are spotted in all through here, all these trees. He was in a bunch of 'em over here. It wasn't like just some guy knocking on the doors. I mean, every place where this guy went, they actually called 9 1 1. But if to it was the killer, he was either very careful or very lucky.


The crime scene was bloody. There were no fingerprints or DNA and the murder weapon was never found. The morning after the murder, Toit was picked up and his clothes were confiscated, but he was let go because authorities said they had no incriminating evidence and didn't think he was capable of sneaking into the house. Undetected. He's been interviewed. He's not in custody at this point. There is nothing to indicate that he went to the Crow residence that night. The evidence we're going to present to show you that Mr. Toit, this gentleman has a weapon of choice and his weapon of choice is a knife. But today, authorities have done a 180 prosecutors.


Dave Drew Liner and Jim Dutton are confident he is the right man. He Does a, what we call a blitz attack on Stephanie. It only takes a matter of seconds, literally, and then he exits. There's not a lot of planning. It's essentially a straight shot, And yet he leaves. Not a single fingerprint. Well, No hair, no fibers, no footprints. Luck plays a big part in a lot of murder investigations Record reflect the presence of the jurors, the attorneys, and Mr. Toit. What's it like being in the same room with Richard Tuite? It's kind of fighting the urge to run away and the urge to just climb over a table and hit him over the head with something. With the trial of Richard Tuite finally underway, it is Michael Crow who is perhaps the most anxious about the outcome.


Back in 1998, authorities were convinced that this 14-year-old planned and carried out the brutal crime. All I know is I'm positive I killed her, but all I know is I killed her. Yeah, Back then, Michael Crow, Stephanie's big brother, confessed to police. I'm not sure I did. All I know is I did, your Honor. So back then in this courtroom, it was Michael Crow and his two friends who were preparing to go on trial for Stephanie's murder.


Alan Reig was found dead in a parking lot in Oklahoma. He'd been shot twice, once to the head. You'd think his wife would be devastated. Not exactly. She was either the Black widow or in bad


luck. This is the unbelievable story of a fem fatal with a trail of bodies in her wake from Sony Music Entertainment. This is Fatal Beauty available now on the binge search for Fatal Beauty. Wherever you get your podcast to start listening today,


Everybody that came in contact with her loved her. She was just a very, very special young lady. Terrible tragedy. Stephanie Crow's funeral was on a Tuesday. Her parents and friends were all there Dinner. She was like an angel. I can't believe that somebody would wanna kill her, But someone was missing her. Big brother, Michael. Hey Michael, you have the right to remain silent. Not only had the crows lost a daughter, Anything you do say can and will be used against you in court. They were now being told they son was her killer.


I just asked him, did you do this? Did you have anything to do with this? Michael was crying and just said he didn't. He didn't know. That's all he said was he didn't know. When we first talked to Cheryl and Steven Crow back then they said Michael was a bit shy, but otherwise, a typical 14-year-old, I tend to be quiet, have just a few friends I like to read, play around with video games, computers, But authority saw Michael differently. A bright kid with a dark side. The morning Stephanie's body was discovered.


They say Michael seemed distant, quiet, even preoccupied. The behavior of the brother seemed to be in contrast to the behavior of the rest of the family. Former prosecutor, summer Stephan. He was playing with some handheld game while the rest of the family was grieving, But it was Michael's alibi that really made investigators suspicious. I woke up at four 30 in the morning, the headache. I went and had some Tylenol glass of milk, drank it, And then he walked back from the kitchen, walked back into his room. But according to the police, even in the dark, Michael should have seen something.


His room is directly across from Stephanie's. The Evidence shows her door was open because her body blocked the doorway. You say you didn't see anything that Night? No, I didn't. Just because a person does something bad. God. Police began interrogating Michael. At first. He denied killing his sister. Why Are you doing this to me? I didn't do this to her. I couldn't. I, I, God, God, put your mike. So it's either Shannon or it's your grandma, But after two days of questioning or your mom, Or it's your dad or it's you, Michael finally told the police that Night What they had suspected all along.


All I know is I'm positive I killed her and she was like a threat to me. Everything I did, she could match. That wasn't right. Every time I was gonna be in the spotlight, she grabbed it right away from me a few times I was gonna win something. She had to go ahead and win something even bigger. She made me feel worthless. Sibling rivalry was Michael Crow's motive for murdering his sister. According to police, they say Michael deeply resented Stephanie because she was more popular and got better grades and they say he didn't act alone. Instead, he recruited two of his friends, both of them also in the ninth grade.


I'm trying to feed him a little cricket, seeing if he's gonna actually eat it outta my hand. Oh, and he actually is. This was Josh Treadway back then. A shy, artsy kid. Tell me a little bit about yourself. Come guy, are you, I don't know, A normal guy I would hope would be a good description. And this was Aaron Hauser more bookish, analytical. Up To this point, the worst trouble I've ever gotten in is being late to class. Aaron also had an impressive collection of knives. The knives were given to me as a present from my grandpa. I'm not particularly fond of knives.


Michael, Josh and Aaron loved fantasy, especially video games. I Made up my own fantasy role. What is your favorite game? Fantasy. Final Fantasy. Seven. For most kids, it's harmless fun, but investigators believe these boys decided to bring their dark fantasies into the real world and find a real victim. Michael's little sister. The motive started out as this hate, but then it turned into a sort of a game of let's plan this out. Let's see if it can be pulled off. When authorities went to see Josh, the suspicions grew.


What they find, They found two knives under my bed, Under this bed. Police thought one of those knives looked like the one used to kill Stephanie. So they brought Josh in for questioning. Who gave you the knife? Aaron gave me the knife. What were you told? Told to get rid of it, to hide it. Don't let anyone find out about it. Police questioned Josh for 12 hours. He didn't say much more, but when he came back for another interview, two weeks later, he told the police how the murder was planned and I was gonna sort of make sure, you know, kind of look out, you know, make sure everything's okay and dispose of the knife.


When it was done, Josh told police. Michael had the motive, but Aaron was the mastermind. What were they going to do? They were going to kill Stephanie. Okay. Michael was supposed to go in there and sort of take care of keeping Stephanie quiet, holding her mouth and whatnot, and Aaron was supposed to go in and take care of the business. I know that right? Police brought Aaron Houser in for questioning. He never confessed. Instead, he gave a chilling hypothetical scenario of how someone would inflict knife wounds on someone like Stephanie. If Michael were to stab her, what area would he utilize?


What targets? I'd say probably the, maybe he has to make sure that she can't scream. He has to make sure that she can't make any noise. Why would you hypothesize about a situation like that? Especially to a seasoned homicide investigator? Okay, why would you do that? This is the hearing where Josh, Chris McDonough was one of the detectives who interviewed Josh and Aaron. Aaron is a very methodical young man. He knows what he says and why he says it, and he's very, very specific. Aaron tells you that Michael had said he really wants to kill his sister, and Aaron says, I'll help you do it, and then they plan it.


That's what they told him. And that is another thing that really, really, really scared me about Aaron. That's why I don't ever want to be alone in a room with Aaron. When Josh told you he was afraid of Aaron, did you believe him? Yes, Definitely. Once they had their confessions, detectives believed they had made their case, but shortly after, the boys had given those detailed statements, they recanted, took it all back. Now Michael and his friends were saying they had made it all up under intense pressure from the police.


You didn't conspire with your friends to kill your sister. No. And you didn't take part in it in any way. In any way. Why wouldn't you just stick to your guns and say, I didn't do this. I didn't do this. There's no way in the world I'm gonna confess to something I didn't do. Just eventually they worry you down to where you don't even trust yourself. You can't trust your memory anymore. Why in the world an innocent person would ever confess to a crime as serious as murder? I had a lot of pressure on me at the time, and again, you'd have to just be there. Did you stab Stephanie Crow? No. Come all the way back to this. Did You get up and Michael's family believed them?


Number one, it's kind of ridiculous. What did they have to gain too? I mean, what are they bored or something? Let's, let's go kill someone. It doesn't make sense. But the District Attorney's office was convinced they were guilty. So six years ago, it wasn't the drifter Richard Tuite on trial, but the three boys, their lives were on the line. Tonight, new evidence is pointing toward another suspect in the murder Until It's a sealed bag, A stunning piece of evidence came to light out of nowhere. The most shocking news of all is that police may have had this evidence all along.


Some people follow the rules, but where's the fun in that? I'm Saraya, and this is Rule Breakers, the podcast where we celebrate the rebels, the misfits, and the ones who make their own way. Every week I sit down with the biggest rule breakers in sports, entertainment and beyond to talk about the wildest moments, toughest lessons, and why breaking the rules might just be the key to success. Follow and listen to Rule Breakers with Seray, an Odyssey podcast available now for free on the Odyssey app and wherever you get your podcasts.


So who do you think stabbed Stephanie? I believe Aaron did. Just because that's, you know what, how they just planned it and that's what you know, he said after the fact, he said things weren't according to time. You know, The confession of Josh Treadway gave the most details about the murder of Stephanie Crow. The confession tells us that two people went into the room and one stayed out, and two people cooperated to commit this murder. And then Aaron came out, told Michael, you know, okay, everything's okay. Everything's taken care of. Joshua has always been the pivotal defendant in this case. Oh, he's kid. He really doesn't understand a lot that's going on. No one believed more in Josh's innocence than his public defender.


Mary Ellen Attridge Joshua is not Mr. Sociopathic. That kid is an open book. She was relentless in her belief that the police set the boys up. There is Absolutely no physical evidence in this case that shows any of these three kids had anything to do with this at all. The main thing the prosecution has are the two confessions. They're not confessions, they're false, they're lies. And they were manufactured out of whole and coercive cloth by the police department. Mary Ellen Ridge's plan was to dispute the boys so-called confessions, but she was also planning to revisit the questions about Richard Toit and paint him as the likely killer. One thing she had always wondered about was the clothing police took from Toit.


The morning Stephanie's body was discovered. Clothing the police said contained no incriminating evidence. She wanted to have a closer look. I was given the impression that all of the clothes were sent to their DNA lab. She discovered that only tuits white T-shirt had been tested for DNA evidence. When we went to see the evidence, I looked at Richard too. It's clothing and I thought this stuff is a cesspool of biological material. And then she saw something on the red sweatshirt. I didn't know what it was. I suspected there had to be some sort of DNA on there somewhere. Richard to it, a known paranoid schizophrenic went To Ridge, demanded that prosecutors send all OFTU its clothing for DNA testing.


Five months later, on the first day of Josh's trial, there was still no word from the lab. And then The phone call came in and I hung up and I just started to cry. The DNA lab had found three spots of Stephanie Crow's blood on Richard Tut's red sweatshirt. We got a Phone call from Mary Ellen. It's, it's over. Hey Mike. After all this time, it's almost one year. I don't know what the district attorney's gonna say at this point. You know how they're gonna react to all this? I like the way That looks, don't you? I thought this is it. Bombshell. This is the slam dunk. Lock him away. Richard Toit killed Stephanie Crow.


Absolutely positively, no doubt about it. Summer, the prosecution was stunned. How come no one spotted this blood before? The shirt is heavily stained. It's a transient shirt, has stains everywhere. These are small stains of blood. Forgive me for saying this, but this, this is a prosecutor's nightmare, isn't it? It is a nightmare. You really need to figure out how that blood got onto its shirt before you can go anywhere, right? That's excellent. That's exactly, I think that is the primary thing that we have to do. It's About time that these kids got their names back, their lives back and the Crow family was allowed to grieve for their daughter because they were deprived that opportunity by an unjust system.


The judge put a freeze on the trial six weeks later, clean the hallway, charges against the three boys who had been incarcerated for six months were dropped with the provision. They could be filed again. They could not go in front of a jury with a straight face and ask that they find these kids guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. This is a true mystery right now, and I wanna look at it that way and I, I don't wanna make up my mind, I don't wanna say they did it, he did it. I wanna find out what the truth is. The DA was reluctant to charge to it. Who was in jail for a burglary three years in state prison? There were just too many unanswered questions arrested mostly about the confessions.


I dunno why and how the Escondido police handled the evidence. Something's vastly wrong somewhere when the police arrest somebody, you think they must have the goods on 'em? I had a lot of trust and faith in police and it's getting very difficult to retain that. A year went by still no arrest. Summer Stefan and the Escondido authorities were off the case when the state attorney general's office took it over. Every once in a While in a detective's car, you get a case that stays with you all your life. And for me it would be this case. Vic Kaka, a senior investigator with the San Diego Sheriff's Department, was in charge of the new investigation. Either The boys did or Mr. Tuit did it.


It wasn't a who done it, it's you know which one done it. Kaka started fresh quickly focusing in on the interrogation tapes. I don't know, I I did it now because she Said I did try to be objective, but something that we were told never to ever do in interviews was being done in front of me and it was very, very upsetting, very shocking. Can I Please talk to my mom before we continue any conversation? I just need to hear words from her please. He noted that the boys had no lawyers with them and were isolated from their parents for extended periods of time. Well, I'll show you. They were interrogated for hours on end. You're gonna tell him the truth. You've got unsophisticated boys, 14, 15 years of age, no criminal sophistication that have faith in the system.


He Keeps telling me all this stuff and I don't know if it's true or not. It was clear to kaka that police lied to their suspects, which is legal. The question he had was, did they promise leniency, which is illegal. I think we have ways of helping this situation. You know what? What? I'm not really sure that locking you up the answer, The amount of stress they were under. I mean, this was brainwashing as far as I was concerned. Tell us the story, but it I, I'll lie, I'll have to make it. Tell us the story. Colca was becoming convinced the boys were innocent because their stories did not fit. The facts of the crime's Gonna warn You right now, it's a complete lie.


Apparently the police believed that Stephanie Crow had been moved from her bed. Is She heavy? They had been pressuring Michael, asking him, why did you move her? Can you feel The weight of her body in your arms? Don't remember anything. But then Michael admitted to the police that he had moved her body. Could There have That to me was critical. 'cause Michael admitted to something that we could prove factually never happened. Did Michael Crow actually confess to the crime in this interrogation? No. Michael never confessed. He just gave the police what he thought they wanted to hear. I think the Escondido Police Department acted within the scope of their responsibilities. Absolutely. Though he wasn't there for the most grueling part of the interrogations, Chris McDonough sees things differently.


Do you think those detectives crossed the line in those moments? What's Your definition of crossing the line? Doing what you're not supposed to In an interrogation? No, I, I think not being there. So I don't know what they were thinking, so I'm not gonna, you know guess I Don't think this was an intentional thing on their part, but something happened that they went too far and I think they did cross the line. If I did, then I must be so constantly blocking it out or something. Knowing what you know now, do you think the boys killed Stephanie Crow? I think there's reasonable doubt on Richard Tott and the three boys.


I think the pendulum can swing either way. Ginette works is the truth. Kaka spent two and a half years investigating the case and he interrogated Richard Toit. I asked you again, think about it. Am I making myself clear The house I walked, I walked out. Toit admitted he went into the crow house, but denied killing Stephanie. What Do I tell DA I didn't. I didn't kill the girl. But in the end for Detective Coloa, it was the DNA blood evidence that was irrefutable and Any other case would've been more than enough to get a conviction. Just that alone. During the evening of Coloa, went to his boss, the sheriff who made the dramatic announcement on live TV.


This morning, Sheriff's homicide detectives arrested Richard Raymond Toit for the murder of Stephanie Crow. Four and a half years after police first questioned Richard Tuite, he was finally arrested for the murder of Stephanie Crow. I was happy that they'd finally taken the next step in the process and that we might finally actually get some justice here. He Enters a plea of not guilty and denies all allegations, But just when Tots trial was about to begin, there was another bizarre twist. A massive search is underway downtown right now for 34-year-old Richard Tuite. He escaped during the lunch hour just as jury selection began in his murder trial.


Mr. Donald. A massive search is underway by 34-year-old Richard Tuite. He was last seen wearing a white shirt, gray pants, and he's now clean shaven. He escaped during the lunch hour just as jury selection began in his murder trial. And next thing they know, the lunch and Richard t were gone and the handcuffs were still there. He walked out a door and probably into the hallway of the courthouse and out our number one priority right now is finding Richard Tuite. Just three hours after slipping away from the San Diego courthouse, Richard Tuite was finally captured. Accused Murderer.


Richard Tuite is caught a few hours after escaping from the county courthouse this afternoon For prosecutors, his escape on the first day of trial is just more proof that he killed 12-year-old Stephanie Crow. This guy's gotta be brought to justice. We gotta fix things that were broken. Prosecutors are in an unusual position. They must also play defense attorneys because to convict two of murder, they must exonerate the boys. Pointing towards this idea of innocence. Are these 10 main points? There's no way that these kids could have done it at the time. Are there two reasonable interpretations?


Brad Patton is one of Richard Tots defense attorneys. The evidence that is being proffered against Richard Toit is not reliable and does not prove the case beyond a reasonable doubt. Is this going to be more about defending Richard Toit or proving that the boys did it? This is a trial within a trial in the classic sense. We're back on the record in the Toit case that the record reflect the presence of the ladies and gentlemen, jury, the attorneys and Mr. Toit. It's hard to believe the man in the mugshot is the same man. The jury would see a subdued, clean shaven, handsome man who has the support of his family. Did Richard murder Stephanie Crow? Absolutely not.


No. Never. Never would he have done anything like that. This picture was taken on his first birthday, Richard, to it's mother. Linda and Sister Kerry say he's harmless. A sad case of a young man once full of promise. He was just very outgoing and just fit right in wherever you took him. He was a people person, animal person. He always liked to wear a santa hat and help with the gifts. In his twenties, he was diagnosed with schizophrenia. The family says they took Richard to the hospital at least 30 times.


They help him short term and that was it. They released them And so to it wandered the streets of Escondido. He used to tell me, I know it's not your fault, mom. I'm like this. And he felt bad and he felt like he was a burden. Please raise your right hand as best you can. He was no stranger to police. His criminal record includes arrests for drug use, attempted burglary, and assault with a deadly weapon That it was an organized Crime. And yet says his other attorney, William Fletcher. There is not any trace evidence that connects Mr. Toit with the Crowe residence.


Richard Tuite did not go into that house and Richard Toit did not kill Stephanie Crow. There may have been no evidence left by Toit in the crow home, but there was evidence onto it. In fact, after Stephanie's blood was found on his red sweatshirt, a crime lab eventually found her blood onto to its white t-shirt too. How significant to your case are those blood stains on those two shirts? Part of the case, right, right at the center of the case Because according to prosecutors, there's only one way blood could have gotten on his clothes.


He killed Stephanie. The most likely means of delivery was from blood, which was wet at the time that it was applied. But the defense was about to present its theory Showing you the red shirt That Stephanie's blood was transferred to, to its clothes by the police. There Was blood on your knee, wasn't there? Well It wasn't. Well, I couldn't tell if it was red or not, but yes, there was moisture on my knee and I assume that it probably came from blood. Who got blood on themselves at the crime scene? I tried to avoid stepping into the blood. Based on photographs that you've seen. Saw what she called was transfer? Yes. The defense claims that Stephanie's blood got onto its white t-shirt after investigators tracked it into a holding cell where Toit was being questioned.


When Toit sat on the floor of the cell, blood tracked in on the shoes of the policemen, got smeared onto its shirt, which was soaking wet from the rain Showing you a sleeve with areas where they found blood. But what about the red sweatshirt? In the past, I have placed my camera tripod in a blood stain. In this particular case, I don't believe that I did. I would've tried everything possible to not do so, But that's exactly what the defense claimed happened, that a police investigator photographing the crime scene using a tripod like this set it down in Stephanie's blood.


Later, back at the lab, the police used that same contaminated tripod to photograph to its red shirt. According to this theory, some of Stephanie's blood now dried, somehow f flaked off the tripod and onto the shirt. And when that shirt was later tested using wet chemicals, the dried blood turned into a blood stain. Do you think the jury will buy that? Honestly, no, I don't. I really don't. And then the defense presents its strongest argument to exonerate Richard Tuite, the boy's own words. All my nose, I'm positive I killed Her. Most of the confession tapes had been ruled coerced and inadmissible back when the boys were facing trial.


But now those tapes can be used as evidence to defend Richard Tuite, the Truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. I do. Michael Crow, Stephanie's older brother would now take the stand to defend himself. Maybe I need to be a little more specific here, or maybe if I change the question. Do you know who killed Stephanie? I dunno. I Dunno. It is the first time Michael now 20 has seen what he told police when he was 14.


Michael, why? Why this is going on? What? What's going through your mind? Just don't like remembering that. I just wish I wouldn't have done that to me. You were quite emotional on the stand. What was it that sort of pushed she past the brink? I think a lot of that came just from me wanting to know, you know, what the hell were those cops doing?


Why were they doing that to me? And just every time they'd ask a question, I'd just be thinking to myself, why didn't one of 'em step in and say, you know, maybe this is wrong. What were you supposed to do? Dispose the, I guess Then it's Joshua Tread Way's turn to testify. You were talking to the detectives about the fact that you were in the kitchen and Michael had come out alone, not with Aaron, but alone with the knife. Do you recall that? It's all subjective to whatever they wanted to hear. I didn't wanna say any of it, But you clearly did, right? You did say all of that? Yes. Mr. Houser, did you use to call up Michael Crow on the phone and ask if he had killed his sister yet?


Not that I remember. Aaron Houser is the last of the boys to take the stand. So As you sit here today, you have no recollection of having called Michael Crow and made that statement correct. Even though it's Richard Toit on trial for murder in the two weeks of the boy's testimony, the defendant's name is hardly mentioned. No Further questions. Any further? Nothing further. Thank you Your Honor. Finally, after listening to three months of testimony, the jury must decide is Richard Tuite the killer? That's Stephanie's blood on this shirt. No question about it. Or as the defense claims, are these boys getting away with murder?


Who had the motive to kill in this case? Was it Richard Tuite in this theory that the prosecution is woven together or is it Michael Crow? This is Stephanie. I think about Stephanie every day. No fail. Just imagine everything that you love in your life, everything that you get your strength and your stability from. And just imagine that being torn away from you After six years of living under suspicion for the murder of his little sister. The moment of truth is about to come for Michael Crow.


It just kind of feels like you've been running a marathon and it might be over, but you never know. A jury is finally deliberating the fate of the man who is on trial now for her murder. There are Only two possibilities on the planet Earth. For the cause of Stephanie Crow's death, one would be the three boys. The other is Richard Tuite. In the end, would the jury believe a mentally ill transient could kill a young girl in her own home without making a sound or leaving a trace? All I know is I'm positive I Killed her. Would they believe a brother and his friends could confess to a murder they didn't commit? Some people just don't wanna believe that. You know, 14 or 15-year-old kids are capable of killing.


And what about the blood? Could police mistakes have contaminated key evidence? It's the only case I've ever known of where TNA wasn't enough. It would take eight long days of deliberating. But finally, finally, Any thoughts today? Not right now. Thank you. Alright, Mr. Crow, what are your thoughts? I dunno. Right now, Madam Clerk, please read the verdicts. A verdict is reached. We the jury in the above entitled cause. Find the defendant, Richard Raymond Toit, guilty of the crime, A voluntary manslaughter. The jury has found Richard Toit guilty of the lesser charge of voluntary manslaughter, concluding that he killed Stephanie Crow, but without malice or premeditation.


What'd you say about Ms. Crow? What's The first thought that went through your mind when the verdict was read? Disbelief. Absolute disbelief. I'm just thankful for the prosecutor that they did such a wonderful job. They took a lot of time to do what was almost impossible and they did it found justice for Stephanie. Finally, the community has seen this case, understands this case. Realize that Mr. Toit is the guilty person and the boys had no involvement at all and they're finally, the cloud is finally lifted from them. Michael Crow chose not to be there for the news. Three months after the conviction, all rise please.


The judge is ready to sentence to it at issue whether his mental illness will affect his punishment. This State just does not have the proper facilities to take care of those people who are mentally ill and who present a danger to the community. Should we Feel sorry for Richard Toit? Yes, he's a victim. I think he's a victim. He is a victim. However, the judge rules that to its extensive criminal record cannot be ignored and he sentences him to the maximum term. For these reasons and others, probation is denied. The defendant shall be committed to the Department of Corrections for the total term of 13 years.


For the Toit family, it's a bitter disappointment for the crows. It's the end of a recurrent nightmare for Detective Vic Kka, the cop who turned this case around it's justice, plain and simple. Kka is the hero of this case, is the best way of saying it. He's just what a cop should be. I know that I can hold my head high that, that I did the best I could for this little girl. Stephanie is is the reason. Stephanie was the is the motivation behind this. So I feel good about that. We'll always be grieving unless they can find a way to bring her back. She's gonna be a part of our lives. From now on in, I'm moving on with a different life. Whatever life I had then is completely gone at this point.


Michael Crow is now married. He hopes to finish college and is desperate to leave behind the whispers of Escondido. Justice for me would be admissions and apologies from the people who just tortured me and broke my life because they could. I think Stephanie got what justice this world has to give her. We can only hope that, that if there is something in the next world that justice will be given to her, then this world doesn't have any justice for either of us.


In 2012, Richard T's conviction was overturned and he was acquitted. In a 2013 retrial, Stephanie Crow's murder remains unsolved. Alan Reig was found dead in a parking lot in Oklahoma. He'd been shot twice, once to the head. You'd think his wife would be devastated. Not exactly. She was either the Black widow or in bad luck.


This is the unbelievable story of a femme fatal with a trail of bodies in her wake. From Sony Music Entertainment, this is Fatal Beauty. Available now on the binge search for Fatal Beauty. Wherever you get your podcast to start listening today.