
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now, join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today When you are in the market for a new SUV. You want a vehicle that can handle your daily commute, navigate the elements and adventure with ease. You need the reliability of a Toyota and the confidence that your investment will last. And that's where Toyota leads the pack as the number one resale value brand for 2024, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. So check out the legendary designed Land Cruiser or spacious Grand Highlander. Or test drive a RAV4 available in gas, hybrid and plugin hybrid models.


Visit buy a toyota.com. The official website for deals. For more vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2024 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places. Achieving a gorgeous grin from home isn't a total mystery with bike clear aligners. Just don't be surprised if all of your sleuthing friends start asking What's your secret? Begin by ordering your at-Home impression kit today for only 1495 bite clear aligners are doctor directed and delivered to your door.


Treatment costs thousands less than braces plus they offer flexible financing. Accept eligible insurance and you could pay with your H-S-A-F-S-A get 80% off your impression kit when you use Code wondery@by.com. That's BYT e.com. Start your confidence journey today with byte. Conducting a homicide is like putting together a thousand piece jigsaw puzzle. What happens if one piece doesn't fit? Then the rest of the puzzle won't make sense. You gotta take it apart. And that's what they did. The victim was Benji Novak.


He had been beaten better on the torso. His head was almost overkill. This case was twisted even from Miami. Benji was from a rich Miami family. They owned a fountain blue hotel. It was big back in the sixties. He was king of all the world. And my daddy owns this place and you'll do as I tell you to do. He had a lot of enemies. He Was a cutthroat. To Put it bluntly, he was a brat. He wanted people to fear him. Manji was a successful businessman, and if people needed to be held accountable, he had no problem doing it. And that's the arrogance that a lot of people saw in him. He had a lot of fetishes.


He had the second largest Batman collection in the world. He became very wealthy in his own right. He managed conventions. He would set 'em up from the beginning to the end. It was an all cash business. He was scared to death. He was gonna be robbed. He always claimed to be a little sexually kinky Prostitutes and strip clubs. And that's in fact where he met his wife, Narcy. He definitely was in love with Narcy. Benji was who he was. His wife was who she was. If they did things that was between them, We really pound the payment on this case. It was apparent that they wanted him to suffer. Who would go to such lengths to inflict that serious Injury?


Somebody with a really cold heart. I can tell you that There was a lot of cast of characters. We found hitman, we found girlfriends. We found money trails. And when it was all over the oldest motive in the world, money and sex. I'm Troy Roberts tonight on 48 hours. Crazy Love.


Oh my God, I I can't believe this. It was horrific. It's the picture. Detective Sergeant Terry Wilson of the Ry Brook, New York Police Department, All red. He's on the ground. He's, he's basically hogtied. And Detective Ellison carpenter of Westchester County had never witnessed a crime scene. This gruesome, It was a brutal scene. His eyes had both been cut out. The victim 53-year-old Benji Novak was a multimillionaire. Florida businessman. His mutilated body was discovered in the early morning hours of July 12th, 2009 in a hotel room in Rei Brook, a suburb just 40 minutes north of New York City Like this, right, was placed on his legs, his arms, and around his mouth.


When they put it, they did it really tight. Ultimately, police believed there was more than one killer. Was there any son of struggle? He Was in the bed. They came up on him. They hit him multiple times, maybe a dozen times or so. Police learned from Benji's wife, Narcy Novak, that she and her husband were from South Florida. They were at the Rye, New York Hotel all weekend, running a large Amway convention. As police in New York began their investigation, they soon learned their victim. Benji Novak came from a fascinating background. His parents once owned the famous Fountain Blue Hotel once the hottest spot on Miami Beach in the swinging sixties.


It was absolutely magnificent. The glam, the people that were there from all over the world. It was just incredible. Michael Aller, a director of tourism for Miami Beach, knows everybody. I lived at the Fountain Blue Hotel. It was just the place to be and to be seen. The Fountain Blue was the creation of Benji's parents, Bernice and Ben Novak. They were Miami Beach royalty and everybody from JFK to Frank Sinatra and the rap hack stayed at their hotel. It was like Vegas really. He would rubbed shoulders with everybody there.


Maxine feel was ban's aunt. She spent a lot of time at the hotel with her sister Bernice. It was Amazing. They had the stairway to nowhere, which was like some kind of thing for the brides that would walk down. It would look like it was just coming outta this clouds. Everybody wanted to see what Mrs. Novak was wearing. She always had to go down and look absolutely better than anyone else. Ben wanted that. She was part of the fine and blue. But Ben and Bernice's son, Benji was not as charming as his famous parents. He was a loner. He was a little prince. Ben was very secretive in many ways.


He was not at ease with people. He would go trick or treating with a chauffeur and no kids went with him. I knew the Novaks. I knew Benji. Benji was not a nice man. He was a tough, I want it now type of guy. He was not pleasant to deal with. I was the only one that could really confront him and say that because I've known him from when he was this big. What didn't you make? Joe Matthews, a former Miami Beach homicide detective also knew Benji. Everybody as a young boy were intimidated by him because he would fire maids or valet people or whatever he wanted to.


He had complete control of the hotel. Sound like a tyrant. He was. And he, and he wasn't. He wasn't really a easy guy to like, he was attracted to all the, the cops. He spent all of his time at the police station. So he aspired To be a police officer. For all intents and purposes, he thought he was a police officer. While the prince of the Fountain Blue played cop, his father's entire empire started collapsing. He lost the hotel to bankruptcy in 1977. Benji was so distraught, he refused to ever drive past the landmark again. His father's failures though, fueled his ambitions. And at 22, he started his own empire.


He was ambitious man, Extremely ambitious. Charlie Rader is a former police officer and one of Benji's best friends. He watched Benji become a millionaire several times over with his convention staging business. He became a wealthy man at a very young age. Yes, he did. I'm not surprised at that. And I, and I'm sure a big chunk of it was cash that he kept. Why cash? I know he always had a lot of cash. He kept a lot of cash in the house and he spent it on himself quite freely. In 1991, Benji began sharing his good fortune with Narci Valise, a young single mother from Ecuador, a former exotic dancer with a young child, may Abad the two married, and eventually Narcy helped Ben run the business.


As did May. In fact, both women were with Benji at the convention the weekend he was murdered. It was attended by more than a thousand people. And that made the investigation tricky. He had a hotel full of possible Suspects, right? Right. And we didn't know which way to go. This is a robbery. Is it domestic gone wrong? Is it isolated? Is he a target Police? Soon? Establish a timeline from phone records. Benji was alive at 6:54 AM We know Ben was alive because he receives a phone call from a worker in the hotel saying there was a problem. He was overcrowding for breakfast. Cy left the room to sort out the seating problem in the dining room.


You can see her on video down there at around 7:17 AM 30 minutes later, she told police she returned to the room and discovered Ben's body. Describe her demeanor for me. I think the first thing she said to me, did Ben have a heart attack? Meanwhile, she had seen him. There was blood everywhere in this room. I mean, it was, it was a bloody mess. And I kept saying to her, narci, you saw Ben tied up. You know, what do you mean? Did he have a heart attack? Has TV gotten really complicated lately? You're either endlessly searching for your favorite shows or subscribing to a dozen different streaming services to make sure you can watch everything you love and you're not even saving that much money compared to your old cable bill.


Thankfully, Philo can change all that for you. One service, all the stuff you need. Philo's got current seasons of the shows. You know you can't miss. Live on networks like A and EMTV, discovery and TLC. Never miss a minute of shows like Mean Girl murders, lethally Blonde, or Gypsy Rose. Life after Lockup on Lifetime. Best of all with Philo, you can get all this for just $28 a month. No contracts. No hassles, just one subscription and a world of entertainment. So go to Philo dot tv and check it out for a free seven day trial. That's pH ilo.tv tv to start watching. Plug in a Hyundai ev. And the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the Ioni five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower.


Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 IAC five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Iion X six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. It was Sunday. Their convention was over. So if anybody involved in the convention was was our killers, they would definitely be leaving In the hours after the murder of Benji Novak detectives, Allison Carpenter and Terry Wilson were talking to as many people as they could.


Show me. When you see Narcy Investigators videotaped this hotel guest who encountered Narcy in the hallway minutes after she said she had just discovered Benji's body. When she were there, she said, my husband, help me. He told police that Narcy was acting suspicious and She looking like a surprise, right? And that he noticed the door to the room didn't show any signs of a break-in And How come this door, no, no damage. Right, Right, right. In fact, neither of the doors to the Novak suite showed any signs of forced entry. So then police looked at the card, key history leading up to the murder. What did the card key records show?


They showed that there were no card keys used to enter that room between say five after 12 at night and seven 40 in the morning. At 7 45, a card swipe is logged. That card swipe was from Narcis Key. And That's when she supposedly discovers the body. It was obvious that he'd been sleeping when he was attacked. So he didn't believe he had walked to the door and opened the door up to somebody. So how did the killers gain access to Benji's room? The only one else that had access to that room was Narcy. It could have been that I left the door open In her interview the day after the murder.


Narcy tells police she's not sure if she closed the door when she left Benji to go downstairs to the dining room. I don't have anything to do with opening the door intentionally for anybody. Tell me about the interview that you conducted With Cy. With Narcy. It lasted hours. She wouldn't go to the bathroom. She didn't want a glass of water. She didn't want a coffee. You know, she just, she held her own all night. I have no clue what happened. I have nothing to do. What my husband said, Narcy was emphatic. I lost my husband. She had always loved Benji. The couple had met almost two decades earlier on an unlikely first date When he met her, she was a new dancer and a kind of a sleazy strip joint in Alah.


To me, she looked like a, a girl that worked the streets and, and worked her way up to be a new dancer. Worked her Way up to be a new dancer. That's Joe's opinion. Darcy's life had been a far cry from Benji's privilege past at the Fountain Blue. And, and were they in love? He definitely was in love with Narcy. Yes. Charlie Rader was close to both Benji and Narcy for almost two decades. The couple even attended Ser Raider's wedding. And do you believe Narcy was in living with him? I, I would believe in the beginning, yes, Because of Benji. Narcy was afforded an extravagant lifestyle.


They lived in a multimillion dollar estate. She drove expensive cars. She had furs, beautiful jewelry. She enjoyed the best of the best. And as Benji's convention business grew in gross millions, he splurged on one of his childhood fantasies. I think he was probably one of the biggest collectors of Batman memorabilia. His prize possession, a replica of the 1960s Batmobile, I guess, you know, he could afford it. Stacks and stacks and stacks of first edition twice anything related to the superheroes.


And friends say, collecting memorabilia. Wasn't Benji's only indulgence? Benji had an appetite for other women. Benji didn't care. He was a party boy that thought for the moment. Was he always cheating? He was always cheating. Did Narcy know? Narcy always suspected Ben of cheating. She was a very jealous woman. And early on, before Ben and Narci were married, Charlie Rader got a taste of Cece's jealousy. Benji had received a phone call and she was extremely upset and she was threatening to burn his house down. And he was pleading with her that he's not cheating.


But cheating was just the beginning. Benji's sexual taste could have been ripped right from the pages of the most recent erotic bestsellers I know he was into bondage. Narci tells us he likes to be tied up. Benji was who he was. Let's say this, nobody really knows what goes on behind closed doors, But it's what happened behind this closed door that concerns homicide. Detective Allison Carpentier. Ben is found in a way that he enjoys sexual Carpentier. Asked Narci about the couple's bondage games and the strange coincidence of finding Benji bound and tied.


Don't you think it is odd? He dies in the position that he finds sexually around me. When I left Ben, he was not tied Up. When you would confront her with allegations, she would just not really respond to it at all. It was odd Then from police in Florida, detectives got a tip about a bizarre incident involving bondage. We learned that she had tied him up and stole. He says, between three and $400,000. In 2002, Benji was the victim of a home invasion that, according to him, was orchestrated by Narcy. He called me up and he said he had just been robbed. He says, I've been tied up in a chair for 25 hours and I think my wife was involved.


Why would Narcy stage this home invasion and rob him? She was fed up with him, fed up with cheating, fed up with everything and wanted to prove a point For reasons unknown. Benji never pressed charges. And amazingly, the couple reconciled. After all is said and done, he went back with her because he loved her. With the similarities of the 2002 incident. And Benji's murder, seven years later, convinced investigators to turn up the heat on Narcy. Do you want me to ask You straight out, did you have any involvement in your husband's death? No. There is a next electrical chair and I'm a suspect.


Give it to me. Right now put me out of my misery. I want to die. She tried to act like a grieving widow. It didn't come off like that at all to any of the investigators, I don't think. But if Narci was involved in Benji's death, what could be her motive? I think she, she knew she was gonna be replaced. Detective Carpentier learned that Benji had taken up with another woman. He was sort of looking for a bad girl, but I was too bad of a girl for him. Rebecca Bliss, formerly known as Mona Love, was all over the internet. She admits being prostitute, pornographic movies. What began as a sexual tris? As Rebecca grew into a serious ongoing relationship of two years, He used to make me laugh every day, you know, and talking to him about personal things.


Benji moved her from Miami where she was dancing in a strip club to a condominium in Fort Lauderdale. He cared about me a lot. You know, he would tell me he loved me every day, all Day long. With Rebecca in the wings, was Benji about to leave Narcy. She called me screaming at me, yelling at me. Not if Narcy Novak had anything to do with it. She said If she couldn't have him, no one will.


In the days after Benji Novak's murder, detectives began casting a wider net And the investigation would start to expand. We knew that we had to go to Florida In Fort Lauderdale. Detectives began to piece together Benji's life, uncovering his complicated connections to several women and their relationships with each other. We Were found a family in turmoil. There was no love lost between Benji's wife, Narcy and his mother Bernice. And what was Darcy's relationship like with Bernice From day one? Extremely strained. It was like that. Up until the day Bernice tragically passed away after a fall, just three months earlier, His mom did not like his wife.


I mean, they really hated each other. The direct opposite of a very close bond between Bernice and Benji. And he would talk to his mother daily. So he obviously was a loving son and he stayed very close with his mother up until her death. Then there was May ab bod. Narcis daughter from a previous marriage May was shipped off to different people throughout her life. She lived with aunts, she lived with friends. May was just 10 years old when Benji and Cy got together. May and, and her mother had a pretty stormy mother-daughter relationship. Miami Herald reporter Julie Brown, has written extensively about the Novak murder case and was a consultant for CBS News.


Having a 10-year-old daughter at the time that she met Ben, really wasn't very convenient for Narci. Over the years, Mae grew close to Benji, considering him the father that she never had. And just after Benji's murder, she became convinced her mother may have played a role in his death. She said, it's the worst thing in the world to have to believe that your mother might have killed your father. And she said that she believed that, that that her mother did do it. And the motive was Money. It was money. Narci was the sole beneficiary of Benji's estate, then valued between five and $10 million.


I think Cys very smart. She knows how to manipulate people. She will do whatever it takes to get what she needs. Jess three days after the murder, Narcy and May now back in Florida at the Novak Order. Front home had an ugly confrontation recorded on surveillance camera. May had gone there to collect some of her things she had in a guest cottage on the property. And and Narcy took a crowbar and started chasing her around with a crowbar. I got a hysterical phone call sometime around six o'clock. Concern for May's safety. Charlie Rader raced to Benji's home. And when I pulled up May and Narcy yelling at each other, Maye was screaming at her, you murdered Ben.


And at that point, a crowbar came into it and they just went at each other. And I split 'em up. But not before. Narcy whacked May with the crowbar, You have to go where your evidence leads you. and it just kept leading back to Narce. Despite all their suspicions, police didn't have enough hard evidence to charge Narce. Then out of the blue, 10 days after the murder, investigators received a bombshell anonymous letter that would change everything translated from Spanish. It read in part this crime, without a doubt, was committed by the wife of Mr. Novak and her brother Narcis.


Brother Cristobal was a bus driver in Pennsylvania. So We drove down to Philadelphia where Cristobal lived. Detectives interviewed him in his apartment. Cristobal denied knowing anything about Benji's murder. As we enter it's a small kitchen area. There was a table there and he invited us to sit down at the table And detectives couldn't help but notice what was on that table. It was littered with papers. And part of the papers were Western Union Receipts was just, we couldn't believe it. Cristobal had been wiring money to various people when he left the room for a moment, detectives made note of some of the payee. There was one name that proved very helpful.


Yes, Alejandro Garcia, Alejandro Garcia of Miami had been wired $500 by Cristobal just one month after Benji's murder. Detectives wondered if that was payment for the hit on Benji. Alejandro only had one eye. So a search of the date of Ben in Florida led us to Alejandro Garcia. It turns out Garcia had a record. And with his mugshot in hand, detectives poured over the Ry Brook hotel surveillance tapes from that fateful weekend. There's Benji captured by the security cameras. I had detectives go over and over and over the video at the Hilton And they hit pay Dirtt.


You could see it was Alejandro. The shots on Friday were very clear photos. Two days before the murder surveillance cameras show Garcia and another man, detectives think they are casing the hotel in preparation for Benji's murder. This is Joel Gonzalez. The other man caught on camera was Joel Gonzalez, also from South Florida. Police believed Narcis brother Crisal hired the two men to come to New York and killed Benji. Investigators would spend months gathering evidence. We did everything from credit card statements, banking statements, Phones became huge in the in in this investigation Because once we had everybody's phone numbers, we were able to track the movement of the phones.


The paper trail led them here to this motel in Queens, New York, where according to records, the two men stayed the weekend of the murder. We're Gonna be talking about a crime that happened. Okay? Four months after the murder, in November of 2009, detectives brought in Alejandro Garcia for questioning. Has he ever been to New York? No. As we were talking to him, he played stupid. He was never in New York. He never left the state of Florida. Did you ever stay at that hotel? No. No. We have him on film at the hotel. We have him on phone going with Joel to the other hotel.


Don him no more in reality, I dunno. And he was unraveling at that point. Says, he says, I'd rather have an attorney. Too many questions. A Alejandro, I'm Allison. But with Detective Carpenter Garcia would later trip up and implicate himself. He Starts telling me that he was scared for his family and that the people that did this are very dangerous. We knew we had the right guy. He just confirmed it for us. Now, investigators went after Joel Gonzalez. Joel was on the run, but he eventually turned himself into Miami pd And Gonzalez was ready to talk. Joel Gave everything up And he implicated Narcy Implicated Narcy, crystal ball.


Alejandro. It wasn't long before Garcia two decided to cooperate. The story they told investigators was shocking. It was Cy who let them into Benji's bedroom early that terrible July morning while he was sleeping, They came up on him and they positioned themselves on each side of the bed. They had these weights and they just started hitting the victim. They hit him multiple times, a dozen times or so. He ends up on the floor. Ben was duct taped on his legs. His mouth was covered According to the hitman, Narcy was not only just watching the brutal assault, but she was directing it.


Narcy sends Alejandro back in the bedroom and she wants him to take his eyes out. So he uses something very similar to this. Why? You'd have to really ask Cy why. Finally in July, 2010, a year after Benji's death, cameras narcy, along with her brother Christobal are arrested in connection with Benji's murder. But Narcy would soon find herself facing not one, but two murder charges. Plug in a Hyundai EV in the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the Ioni five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower.


Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 iq. Five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive. And 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Iion six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 3 For more details. What makes a life a good one? Is it the adventure you have or the friends you find along the way? Maybe it's pursuing your passion while striving to protect, defend and save what you believe in every single day.


So what makes a life a good one In the Coast Guard? We think it's all of the above and more, but you'll have to find out for yourself. Visit go coast guard.com to learn more. A year after Benji's murder, Narcy and Crisal were back in New York in jail and awaiting trial down in Florida as reporter Julie Brown and investigated the case. Something in his family history was worth a second look.


So shortly after Benji Novak's murder, you began digging into the circumstances surrounding Bernice's death. Well, the first thing you do as a reporter when you have a case like this is you look at the clips and what has been written. And one of the first things that popped up was an obituary for his mother. and it said that she had died from a fall in her Fort Lauderdale home. Benji found his mother's body face down in a pool of blood in the hallway between the garage and the kitchen. Ben called me. What did he say? I just found my mom dead. Did he say that he believed it was suspicious? Not, not. He was overcome with grief At that point, What was Darcy's demeanor?


I have to tell you, in all the years that I had seen her, she couldn't be any more consoling and just rubbing his hair and his neck and and just actually being very tender to him, They right away said it. They felt it was a tragic accident that she had died of natural causes. Lynn and John Al, who lived next door to Bernice in Fort Lauderdale, remember well, the day their close friend died, We went outside and stood in the driveway and Ben was there with Narcy and the police two police were walking around and doing some investigation and all we could see was into the garage and we could see her car with the door open. Her glasses were smashed on the ground.


There was blood dripping from the car all the way up to the door And there were blood drops all over the house. And I was just curious. It just seemed odd coincidence that she died three months before her son. So I thought it couldn't hurt to get a co copy of the autopsy report if there was one done And you got the report and I Got the, I eventually got the report. The extent of her injuries just seemed enormous. For a woman who had just taken a fall, she had, you know, fractures all over her body. Her skull was fractured, she had a broken finger, her teeth were broken. It just seemed too much for a fall.


Benji soon had questions about what he had seen at his mother's house. I just said, wait until the investigation concludes before you make any judgment. So he was already questioning whether or not this was an accidental death? Yes, at that time he was. And I don't think it ever left him. Bernice's sister Maxine also doubted that it was an accident. When you were told that your sister had died, were you suspicious From the get-go? Oh, she did all that herself. She fell down and got up and fell down like a jack in the box. Right. What Was it about the circumstances surrounding her death and the crime scene photos that that really set up red flags for you? Everything.


Everything. Just about everything. More red flags appeared when Brown learned from the offer dolls about a suspicious incident at Bernice's house when their son saw two men standing next to Bernice's Garage appearing to be casing her home. And we thought that was a little unusual, but we didn't overly react. John a retired NFL player and his son went to investigate. As we opened up the door, the door, the dog started chasing after the guys happily. And I said, Hey, what are you guys doing? And they looked at us and for a second kind of were stunned. And then they started jogging and then starting to sprint when the dog started chasing them, Two months later, Bernice was dead. When Narcy and Benji arrived at the house, Lynn recalled she was acting strangely.


I remember Narcy was so odd. I mean she just kept kind of jumping around the scene and wring your hands and saying, I just don't understand it. And I just can't imagine. And I just spoke with Bernice last night and we were gonna go vitamin shopping in the morning and I kept thinking to myself, you guys don't get along. You don't like each other. Why she wouldn't go vitamin shopping with you. None of that made any sense to me. And all the blood that investigators seemingly overlooked in Bernice's house made no sense to Julie Brown. So she called an ex-police officer Joe Matthews for his expert opinion. What did you see that the police did not?


When you look at the the crime scene, there's blood spatter on the walls. There's blood in almost every room of the house. The investigator felt that, you know, it was one of those things where she would stand up and fall down, stand up and fall down and walk all over the house. But then how do you explain the blood spatter? So these are crime scene photos from Bernice's Home. Now what happened here? If, you If, you look at the crime scene, you'll see that there was a a lot of blood on the seat, but I saw some blood spatter. So if there's spatter, that means she was struck more than once in the head while sitting here Convinced she uncovered a murder.


Julie took her findings to the Fort Lauderdale Police Department And I would go to them with question after question to the point where they were getting extremely upset with me. And it's a closed case, it's an accident. Are you suggesting that this was a coverup? Initially? I don't think it was a coverup. I think initially that they were really thought that it was an accident. I think that they made a lot of mistakes. I think that it was really a lot of mistakes. But all of that was about to change. As investigators were making a deal with Hitman Alejandro Garcia to testify against Narci and Cristobal, he revealed they also hired him to attack Bernice, beating the 86-year-old woman with a wrench.


And then he was approached by Cristobal Valise to kill Bernice. And he waited when it got dark on the side of her house by her garbage pails. And when she came out to move her car into the garage is when he struck her. What is Cristobal? Now? Garcia told investigators he was hired by Cristobal for both attacks. And once again, Narcy was the mastermind. 10 months after they were arrested for Benji's murder, Cristobal and Narcy were also charged in Bernice's death. But why would Narcy want Benji's mother dead?


We get support from Dove. Hey y'all, it's your girl, Kiki Palmer, host of the Wondery Podcast baby. This is Kiki Palmer Levy. Cut to the chase. Did you know that in many states across the US it's still not illegal to discriminate against people based on the way their hair grows out of their head. To deny black folks from jobs and opportunities because they have braids, lux twists or ban two knots that's messed up. And today's sponsor Dove agrees. That's why Dove co-founded the Crown Coalition in 2019 to advocate for the passage of the Crown Act. Crown stands for creating a respectful and open world for natural hair. And the Crown Act is legislation which prohibits race-based hair discrimination in workplaces and schools in the us.


Dove is driving awareness by advocating for petition signatures and supporting the Crown movement to create a society where black hair is not only accepted but respected and celebrated in all of its beauty. Join Dove in taking action to help end race-based hair discrimination by signing the Crown Act petition at dove.com/crown. That's dove.com/crown. Okay, most Americans think they spend about $62 per month on subscriptions. But get this, the real number is closer to $300. That is literally thousands of dollars a year, half of which you've probably forgotten about. Thankfully, Rocket Money could find a bunch of subscriptions you've forgotten all about and then help you cancel the ones you don't want anymore.


Rocket Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so that you can grow your savings. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to Rocket Money dot com slash wondery. That's Rocket Money dot com slash wondery. Rocket Money dot com slash wondery.


Three years after the murders of both Ben Novak Jr. And his mother, narci Novak and Christobal Valise went on trial in federal court in Westchester. She looked very gaunt. She went out of her way, did not make herself look attractive. She was given the option of wearing regular clothing and she chose to wear her orange prison jumpsuit every day. Alejandro Garcia and Joel Gonzalez made deals with the prosecution to testify for the chance of receiving a lighter sentence. They all basically ended up cooperating And the prosecution had an overwhelming amount of evidence against the defendants.


Cristobal used his credit card to purchase the dumbbells that we used to beat Ben Novak. He also used his credit card to purchase the knife that we used to cut out Ben's eyes. The jury was also shown video taken at a Western Union, which prosecutors say shows Cristobal sending money to Man Garcia. One of the many clues he left behind. He used his own car for some of the transports. He used his own cell phone. So that left a trail that we were able to uncover The case against. Narci was also strong. Prosecutors told the jury about Cece's secret cell phone. They called it a drop phone. Now that particular phone was used at six forty six thirty nine in the morning at the ride town.


Hilton Narcy used it to call the hitman as they waited at a gas station down the street. We had located what phone Narcy used to call the killers and tell them, come on in. And that was big. And remember that video of Narcy down at the breakfast room? Prosecutors say Narcy tried to establish an alibi by intentionally standing before the hotel security cameras around the time of the murder. She knew where the cameras were and where they weren't. I mean, you could tell by that that particular morning how she plants herself directly right in front of a camera and that's where she stays. She makes some phone calls because she wants to be seen on that camera. The defense tried to hammer back.


They questioned the hitman's credibility and reminded the jury they were testifying after making a deal with prosecutors and they dropped a bombshell the possibility of another killer. I asked Cristobal about that in a phone call from jail. Did you orchestrate the murder of Benji Novak? No. Did you arrange for the murder of Bernice Novak? No sir. Why would they pin these murders on you, sir? They be well paid by my niece. May Ava Incredibly Cristobal points the finger at Darcy's daughter May Abad.


So you're saying May is the one who paid for the murders of Benji Novak and Bernice. I don't know about Mrs. Bernice. I cannot say nothing about that lady because what I so far, I know she fell down. But I know she told me about my brother-in-Law. Yes. She came to me and she told me Ben deserved to die because Ben was a bad evil person. He told some wild story that that didn't make any sense at all, trying to point the finger at her daughter. It was truly unbelievable. Cri Ball's story quickly fell apart when Alejandro Garcia testified that in reality may Abba was next on his list.


So when we interviewed Alejandro and we took him into custody, he had a picture of May in his wallet. We believed that obviously the hit was out on May. Only Narcy knows why she'd want her only daughter killed. But the apparent plot worried Detective Carpentier, she became so concerned about Mae's safety. She loaned her $5,000 of her own money so she could go into hiding. You got into trouble. Well, I didn't get into trouble. The the prosecutor's office removed me from the case. Were you angry? I wasn't angry. I I, I was disappointed 'cause you worked so hard and obviously I wanted to be there for the take down the arrest. But Carpenter was there for the verdict after a two month trial when Narci Novak and Christobal Valez were convicted of orchestrating Ben and Bernice's murders.


And then I kept err guilty, guilty, guilty. So it was exciting for us As elaborate and convoluted as the murder plots were. Cece's motive was quite simple. She knew he had a mistress. She was afraid he was gonna leave her and divorce her. Ben and Darcy's prenup only guaranteed her $65,000 in the event of a divorce. His intentions were to be with me and he did not want me to be with anyone else. And he asked me to just wait until he was finished with divorce. And that's why Matthew says Narci had no choice but to arrange a double murder. She had to kill the old lady for him to get all the money and then kill him to get all the money.


That's how simple it Was. I mean, could this, could this have been the perfect murder? Any murder could be the perfect murder, but they're not. There's always something. If she was sloppy, I think she thought she was smarter than than the investigators. Narcy may not have outsmarted the investigators, but she did surprise them. We, we were surprised to learn that she stayed in the room and participated. That was the biggest surprise. To see that she could be that vicious watching somebody that you live with and lived in the same house with for 20 years and to watch 'em die like that. And even more surprising was the author of that letter to police, which pointed the finger at both Cristobal and Narci. It was written by one of their own sisters.


You have to question what type of family fabric existed for them to be able to get to this point. Just about everything from this case turned out to be surprising. From the relentless ambition of Benji Novak. I think that Benji was just a demanding individual. And in the roles that I had seen him while he was in business, it was always demanding because he wanted the best for his customers To the deadly greed of his wife, narci. This Is somebody that is a monster. She was such a, a sociopath and such a great liar. To the devotion of Benji's mistress.


I miss Ben every day. I love him very much. But in the end, all that's left is the money. $10 million by some estimates, dwindling fast between lawyers and squabbling family members for the Novak family. Once the royalty of Miami Beach, the lights are out and the party is over. In 2012, narci Novak and her brother, Christobal Valise, were sentenced to life in prison without parole.


If, you like this podcast? You can listen ad Free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at wondery.com/survey. What came first? The chicken or the egg? Spoiler alert. It's neither at Happy Egg. We believe happiness of the Hens is what actually came first. Because without Happy hens, there would be no such thing as happy eggs. You know eggs with delicious orange yolks. Those come from hens who are raised the happy way on eight plus acres of family owned farms. Choose happy@happyegg.com and look for the yellow carton at a store near you. Happy Egg Boco Still Toro Panama, A secluded seaside hideaway.


Scott Mcda has no idea that his tropical haven is about to become his personal hell. A serial killer pretending to be a therapist. Holbert rents a room and that's where he set up his business as a fake shrink. Accusations of a gringo mafia, Gun running drugs, A slaughtered family. And Then he goes back and he plants another bullet. A killer on tape. Hey man, I'm guilty. Everybody knows I'm a monster. The law of the jungle is simple. Survive. I'm your host, Candace DeLong from Tree Fort Media and Village Roadshow Entertainment Group.


This is Natural Selection Scott versus Wild Bill. Available now. Wherever, you get your podcasts. New episodes drop weekly. Paramount Podcasts.