
When temperatures start rising, do you ever convince yourself that you need a whole new wardrobe? Well, you could give your daily uniform an upgrade with Quince. Their pieces are easy, elevated, and can make you feel more put together without even trying. Quince offers 100% European linen shorts and dresses from $30 plus swimwear, Italian leather platform sandals, and so much more. The best part, everything with Quince is priced 50 to 80% less than what you'd find at similar brands. By working directly with top artisans and cutting out the middleman, quince gives you luxury without the markup. And Quince says it only works with factories that use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices and premium fabrics and finishes. Treat your closet to a little summer. Glow up with quince. Go to quince.com/ 48 hours for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/ 48 hours to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince.com/ 48 hours.


You may not have considered what's in your toothpaste, but with Boca you don't have to worry. Their formulas are powered by nature, free from fluoride and artificial junk and meat with ingredients that actually benefit your teeth and the flavors. Their next level element is their original flavor, but they also have elevated flavors like cocoa, ginger, and lemon lavender. The key ingredient in Bocas toothpaste is nano Hydroxyapatite, also called haw. It was originally developed for astronauts and it's a natural form of calcium that makes up your enamel. If you've ever dealt with sensitivity, bocas whitening toothpaste is a must try. It brightens with pap coconut oil and baking soda so you get real results without the sting of peroxide. For a limited time, Boca is offering listeners 15% off his bestselling toothpaste on Amazon and boca.com with code 48 hours 15. That's 48 hours, 15. Make the switch to Boca for the whole family.


I tried calling her several times throughout the day and always got through to the answering machine. Hey, where are you? I'm just calling to see how you're doing and I guess I'll just keep trying to get ahold of you. Come home, go inside, pick up the normal packages on the way in and open the door and I can see down the hallway into my master bedroom and there's stuff on the floor papers and her purse is on the floor and I can't really see everything that's in there, but I know that that's not right and the bed's not made. On top of that, my daughter's not running out to me, daddy, daddy.


And by the time I get most of the way down the hallway, I can see there's a large blood spot where Jennifer should be 9 1 1. Where's your emergency? I just got home from work and there's blood all over the bed and there's stuff all over the floor. My family's gone. My daughter and my wife are here. Okay, calm down. Anyone who knows anything about my wife and my daughter, I pray that you'll come forward. I hung up the phone and I knew Jennifer was dead and I knew that probably Abby was too and I knew that this pornography had something to do with it.


Dark side of the mesa In the high desert on the Rockies Western Slope, the Mesa Tower over the town of Grand Junction, Colorado, almost as if to protect it from the outside world. But late on the afternoon of June 4th, 2002 Grand Junction saw the unearthing of its own shocking secret here at the local landfill. It was surreal. I mean, you couldn't script it in a movie like that. The movie plays over and over in the mind of sheriff's investigators, Steve King.


The scoop is this bucket is coming out of the ground. This tent rips and this leg drops out of this tent as everyone is standing there watching The decomposed body of 34-year-old Jennifer Blag wrapped in a red and black plastic tent. There was a gunshot wound as a cause of death, man or death homicide. Jennifer and her 6-year-old daughter Abby, had been missing for seven months. Abby has not been found to this day, not in the landfill, nor in the desolate Mesa nearby until one day In November 2001, the black family lived here in this comfortable house in a quiet cul-de-sac.


The mystery of what really happened inside those four walls still haunts this town. The blacks, after all seemed so happy, so normal, so very nice. I had everything. I was on top of the world. I had a great job, wonderful family, incredible wife and daughter. Everything was going perfect for me. They're kind of a poster child, sort of a family. A photographic studio would probably have their picture up on the wall somewhere. The Reverend Art and Rhonda Blankenship got to know the blacks in 2000 through their small evangelical church. They just looked like an ideal couple.


You know, friendly and open, talked. Everybody seemed to like them a lot. Both Michael and Jennifer were enthusiastic. Born again Christians, extremely spiritual. They organized personal prayer groups for the congregation. It was definitely an integral part of their lives. So if you had had to pick a couple to whom you know, this would be the most unlikely thing to happen, This would probably be it. Kind of the most unlikely to be. Yes. How did you meet Jennifer? Oh, it was a wonderful love story. I was in the Navy. The blacks had met 10 years before in California.


She was in college. I recognized that there was something special about her. He was a decorated Persian Gulf War veteran, a helicopter pilot. I Liked Mike from the beginning. He was a very personal young man. Jennifer stayed close to her mother, Marilyn, another beautiful woman. Even after she married Michael in 1993, They seemed happy. I thought they were happy. In every letter she would tell me how much she loved Michael. This agrees. Michael's mother, Betsy was a fairytale couple And he was absolutely in love with her. What was she like if she walked in this room now, what kind of person would I meet? You would meet someone that would light this room up better than these lights do in here right now.


And she could talk to a fence and make it smile. You'd like her right away. That's how people Reacted. Oh yeah. And that little girl meant everything to the two of them. It's a girl. Abby arrived three years after they married. Yeah, She said hi. Did you see it? You'd have to see Abby to really understand how precious she was. She just was so full of life. A miniature Jennifer. She was just wonderful in all aspects. Wake up singing in the morning and go to bed singing at night And her parents seemed to dote on her. You better Go every run.


Mother and daughter still were asleep. Michael says when he headed out the door at six o'clock that November morning, The Normal routine for me is to kinda slide out of bed carefully. 'cause Jennifer's still asleep Off to his job as operations manager at a local manufacturing plant, the Amatech Dixon company, around seven. He called home, no answer Rang through to the answering machine. Good morning, gorgeous. It's me just calling to see how you and Abby are Doing, which isn't terribly unusual. Sometimes, you know, they're in the bathroom or doing other things. He says he called again mid-morning. Hey, where are you? Just calling to see how you're Doing again.


Then at noon. Hello my beautiful bride. Hope you're having fun. You're out and about doing all kinds of cool and nifty things And now I'm starting to get a little worried. I haven't heard from her. She hasn't called me back on any of these calls, and the next time I get a chance to call is around three something that afternoon. Yeah. Where are you guys? Yeah, I hope everything's going okay. You miss and Around four he left for home. Later he told police he had sensed something was wrong. The second he walked in There in front of me is a open back door. She wouldn't just leave a door or window open, But he says nothing prepared him for the horror of what he saw in the bedroom.


I can see there's a large dark spot on the bed. I think that maybe she's rolled off the bed and is on the, the ground on the other side. And so I, I go around the side of the bed and there's more blood. And so at this point I I, I know I have to, I have to call for help. Nine one one. Where's your emergency? Oh my God, it's in my Health. The 9 1 1 dispatcher told him to check the garage. The couple's minivan was still there. Did your daughter go to school? It was not until the dispatcher asked about his daughter that Michael finally thought to check Abby's room. I'm Gonna go up and look at my daughter's room.


Her school clothes are still laid out waiting for her. Her bed is messed up. Abby was gone. Where Can they be? The story of a bloody bed of a missing mother and child rocked the town of Grand Junction. It's very frightening. Very Frightening. Yes. Particularly at first, everybody was just fearful. You know, they thought is there some escaped prisoner on the loose? But the more the police looked at that crime scene, the more questions they had for Michael Blag. I'm not sure anybody knows Michael Blag. I, I mean not who he really is.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plug in hybrid RAV four, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue book kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Whether you're jetting off to a new destination, leveling up at work or simply feeding your curiosity speaking a new language can change your life. And now Rosetta Stone makes it easier and more immersive than ever with 30 years of expertise in 25 languages from French and German to Japanese and Vietnamese Rosetta Stone's. True accent speech engine gives instant feedback on your pronunciation so you sound natural every time. And because there's no English translation, you start thinking in your new language right away. Rosetta Stone has lessons that fit your lifestyle on desktop or mobile. And today you can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for unlimited access to all 25 languages at 50% off. Don't wait. Unlock your language learning potential. Now listeners of this podcast can grab Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. That's unlimited access to 25 language courses for life. Visit rosetta stone.com/rs 10 to get started and claim your 50% off today. Don't miss out, go to rosetta stone.com/rs 10 and start learning today.


You just don't do it to a baby, you just don't do it. You just don't do it. Jennifer Black's older brother David Loman has no idea how many hours he spent combing the meses around Grand Junction. You Always want to hope Searching for his missing 6-year-old niece, Abby. He says it's the least he can do for his little sister. No, we were best friends. We had an agreement that we never ended any conversation or goodbye even for a few minutes without saying, I love you. Really? Yeah. So the last time you talked to her, I love you.


Not long after that last I love you Jennifer and Abby Blag were reported missing. Oh my God, it's in my house. And Sheriff's investigator Steve King, was trying to make sense of a bloody and bewildering crime scene At the time. Walking out of there, you're sort of scratching your head saying, well this doesn't look right and this doesn't look right and this doesn't look right. No Jennifer, no Abby, no bodies and no sign of a struggle. How did this quantity of blood get here? And yet you don't have any sign of a normal attack. Situation. On the dresser was Jennifer's purse.


The content spilled out, including her keys to the van also in the purse and email from Michael an a parent apology. I would love to take some time to talk through the problems we are having at Reed's. Do not give the devil a foothold and near the blood soaked bed on the carpet, Jennifer's empty jewelry box. We were struck by the fact that there was all sorts of other things there that someone that is in there purely for monetary gain would've taken with them. So I'm saying, you know this, this crime scene doesn't look right. It looks like it's staged.


What in the world did you think had happened? I had no idea what had happened. I just knew that it was bad. Whatever it was was bad. Which was exactly what Michael Blag repeatedly told Steve King and other officers that night in an intense five hour interview. I Have no idea With no lawyer present, But I saw a lot of blood. A lot of blood. That first interview, we very much looked at Michael Blag as the victim of a violent crime In measured tones. He conceded the couple, had had some rocky times, but he said his marriage was solid. You won't find anyone that loves each other more than we did. Wonderful marriage King found Blags.


Manner composed and collected, strangely unsettling. In Fact, I, I'd said to him, if my wife and my child were missing, I would probably be at St. Mary's Hospital being medicated at this point because of the fact that it's so stressful. After the interview realizing that Blag had no place to stay, I decided to take him home. Pastor Blankenship drove him to his own house. Did he talk to you? Not very much. In fact, really only one sentence. We drove along and he turned to me and said, art, have you ever been involved in anything like this in your, in your entire life? What did you think he meant when he asked you that?


I, I don't know what he meant. I have no idea. Over the next few days, the community reached out to Michael Blag. At the beginning, everybody was very supportive. The church really rallied around and they made little tags with ribbons that said, hope. You know, Jennifer and Abby, sister Michael Blag and Jennifer's mother was right by Michael's side. If you know how to pray to the heaven and Father pray to ask him to bring these precious people home, Just Allow them to to come home. That's all I can ask. Please allow them to come home. Thank you. Motion. The appeals were heartbreaking, but investigators were beginning to have their doubts about Michael Blag.


For one thing, the blood evidence was puzzling. DNA tests confirmed that the blood in the bed was Jennifer's, but strangely, there was no trace of her blood anywhere else in the house. Even more striking was the one other place where her blood was found. It was in the family van parked in the garage. Small traces of Jennifer's blood on the door and inside. As more questions arose, you talked to him in this car, right? Yes. You talked to him in restaurants, right? King began meeting with black informally. He needed information about the case and I needed information about him and his life and his family.


Slowly zeroing in on the blacks fairytale marriage. I Was pushing him on that. It's like, boy, you paint a really nice picture that just sounds too good, was one he started saying, well, let me tell you about, you know, the darker side. Let me tell you about the embarrassing side. In late November, Michael Blag publicly so devout privately admitted to King that he was addicted to hardcore pornography and that when Jennifer found out she had been very upset, I mean I would imagine that would've been a fairly heated conversation. It was, yeah, we we, We did it like what are you doing? Yeah, we talked very much like that.


But then Michael says his equally devout wife decided to join him online. She told me, I don't want you to be doing this, but if you are going to be doing this, then we should be together with this. They used hardcore porn sites. He says purely as an educational tool. This was during a time after Jennifer's hysterectomy and she knew we were gonna have to find other ways of satisfying each other and we were looking at it more as experimenting, looking for alternate things that we could do. In the back of my mind I'm thinking, okay, that just doesn't play right For King.


The explanation hardly fit the profile of a once hard partying Navy pilot. You're missing Out on the party dude. Why would you think that? I wouldn't realize that Based on your life experience, you probably didn't need to go to the internet as an educational tool on oral sex. At what point did it begin to dawn on you that they were thinking of you as a suspect? February 5th, Three months after Jennifer and Abby disappeared, the investigators brought Michael Blag back in for questioning again with no lawyer present. They proceeded at that point to interrogate me for over 10 hours By now the FBI was involved, which meant that this interview, unlike the first, was not taped.


They were telling me that, you know, we know you did it. You're the one, why don't you just tell us where they are? These are the people by the way, that I was trusting to find my wife and daughter and to bring them home to me, you know, putting their finger in my chest and you're the one, you're the one I know you killed him. Just tell us. I lost hope that day. Police found him. The next morning I saw Michael bla lying in the tub with blood. I tried to slip my wrist. He had a picture of Jennifer Abbey and had a Bible and it was open. Well next thing I remember was waking up in the hospital.


Investigators also found a suicide note in which Michael Blag insisted he was not a murderer. You had nothing to do with any of this, Absolutely nothing to do. You know, nothing about anything at all having to do with their disappearance or Jennifer's death. All I know is what I saw when I came back to the house that horrible afternoon. But for some Michael Blags suicide attempt was a clear sign of a guilty conscience. People did for some reason take that as a, you know, oh well that's what I thought. You know, community defining moment or something. Now even Michael's mother-in-law, Marilyn Conway was beginning to have questions.


Mike, It's mama. I would like it if you would pick up the telephone. She agreed to help investigators by leaving Blag a series of phone messages. Mike, will you help me out with Jennifer and Abby Demanding he come clean. I would appreciate it. Mike, if you will give me any information that you feel in your heart that you can possibly give me as to where my girls are. Blag never responded but Investigator King is sure that he could have Michael Bla murdered his wife and his daughter. The problem may be improving it.


Five months after Jennifer and Abby disappeared, volunteer searchers fanned out over the Highlands and Rivers around Grand Junction. 200 volunteers working for 11 days, searching 45 miles around the black residence. This is Abby. Everybody needs to know who Abby is. It was incredible to see the turnout. This whole community got involved. There was employers paying wages of people to come out and search, But Michael Blag was not among them. The moose 100.7.


Good morning A fact duly noted in town. I don't remember him ever putting out pictures of his daughter or sending a big search party. Like a lot of parents would completely do Black protests that it wasn't his choice. They Said that as a potential suspect in this, they just thought that it would be bad for me to be out there and so I was barred from being able to search for my daughter, my wife. They Told you specifically, you cannot go on the search. That's correct. And you wanted to go on the search. Absolutely. I wanted to go on that search. By spring of 2002, no bodies had been found but Blag certainly was a suspect.


Complex crime unit And Investigator King had a working theory. He shoots his wife. My belief is that he went upstairs and suffocated his daughter, put them both in the van and went to Amek Dixon and put both of them in the trash receptacle there. One person could do that and not leave any blood through the house. No drag marks, you know, no nothing like that. One committed motivated person could do that. One that has thought about this in a cold, calculated, lean manufacturing type of way.


Yeah, But if Blake had put Jennifer's body in his company's dumpster than her remains should have ended up here somewhere in the sprawling county landfill. But where, where was she found Up there? Did you honestly expect to find her when you came out here? At first, I think that you, you hope to find her Using global positioning technology and landfill logs.


They set up a grid system much like an archeological site, zeroing in on quadrants where they believed they'd find trash from black's. Company trash dumped the previous November And there are people that I know that were out there when it was 104 degrees when every bag it seemed like you were opening up was a dead deer or elk carcass and that site, that smell would cause you to ratt and just wanna drop you to your knees. Finally, on day 16 they found Jennifer Black.


The odds of that happening like that have to be astronomical. If you're a person of faith, you, you start saying it was meant to be that way. Authorities wasted no time. Two days later they arrested Blag at his mother's home in Georgia. Has there ever honestly been a moment when you said to yourself, could this possibly be, could, could any of these things that they're saying about him possibly be so Well if we're talking about have I thought for a second he might have murdered his wife? Not one second. Still Betsy bla is worried. I just Don't think Michael can get a pair of trial here.


I say he's guilty. I think he's guilty to me. He's guilty. Definitely guilty. I thought he was guilty before the he was even accused. He just seems that way. What do you think happened? At some point while we were out as a family, someone saw us and decided they liked Abby and wanted to take her after I had left, they broke in through the back shot. Jennifer grabbed Abby and why they took Jennifer at that point, I don't know unless it was somehow to control Abby, why Would someone who wanted to kidnap your child take your wife's body, you know and have it end up in the landfill?


I can't explain why they took Jennifer, it's just I know that it happened. When did you get here, Claire? I came in last night. Black sister Claire Rochester arrives in Grand Junction just as the jury is seated and she too wonders if a fair trial is possible. The people in this town need to understand that all of this time and this money that the police and the DA have devoted towards accusing my brother has been wasted. But I think it should frighten this public that there is somebody out there who committed this crime. But public defender David Eisner Blags lead attorney says the cops never even considered that From the get go.


They chose Michael Blag is their number one suspect and they latched onto him and never let go. Resulting he says in allegations meant to undermine Michael Black's character in the community. Allegations never proved true among them that blag the good Christian was looking at hardcore internet pornography the night before. He reported Jennifer missing Our computer analysis, which was later verified by the FBI's analysis, shows that there was no internet computer access on the night of November 12th. It just didn't happen. Nor did what was widely reported in the local media that Blag had visited an escort service for sex District attorney's investigation showed that these women were totally unreliable, that there was absolutely nothing to support their statements, that that disappeared early On.


And finally there were leaks about Jennifer seeking advice on divorce from the local legal aid office. The only day this could have happened, we know where they were. They weren't there. I've working on this case for over two years. District attorney Frank Daniels will prosecute the case. It's a question of putting together all the pieces of evidence and being able to form a picture at the end. Michael bla is free on bail until trial now just days away he starts each warning with church, then goes to his lawyer's office to help prepare his own case. What Image number is that? 66. 66. Otherwise the black family rarely goes out too many stairs.


None of them is from Grand Junction and in this town they have few friends. I think they'll find justice and I think that 99% of Mason County agrees on what that is. So they hold up in a hotel and wait. He did not kill his wife. He did not do anything to harm or take his daughter. It just didn't happen


With mc value. At McDonald's, you don't just get deals on the drinks, you get deals on McDonald's drinks. So when you are breaking a sweat, embrace the chill without breaking the bank. And when your crew is running on empty, keep your wallet full while refreshing the squad, Ace the vibe. Check with drinks like lemonade, frozen, Fanta blue raspberry or any size drink for just a dollar 49. Limited time only price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Ba ba ba ba.


Now streaming. Hi again. TV's Quirkiest crime Solver. I'm Elle's Beas. I work with the police. It's on the case. I Like my outlandish theories with a heavy dose of evidence And ready to go toe to toe with a cavalcade of guest stars. Are you seeing that This is now a murder investigation? It's starting to look that way. Don't miss a moment of the critically acclaimed Hit Lsba. All episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus and return CBS fall. That Sounds like fun. Obviously murder's not fun.


This is a mini meditation guided by Bombas. Repeat after me. I'm comfy. Comfy. I'm cozy. Cozy. I have zero blisters on my toes blisters and that's 'cause I wear Bombas. The softest socks, underwear and t-shirts that give back. One purchased equals one donated now go to bombas.com/cozy and use code cozy for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/cozy and use code cozy at checkout.


I know I'm only 11, but my mom and I have been wondering about what, where Abby is The district court in and for the 21st Judicial District in Mason County, Colorado is now in session. I think we have sufficient evidence to prove guilt beyond a reasonable Doubt as the murder trial of Michael Blag begins. I'm Trying to figure out why it says 29. We've waited for this for a long time and I'm ready. This is gonna be several weeks. Jennifer's mother, Marilyn Conway is no longer defending her son-in-law.


What is your belief in regards to Michael Black's innocence or guilt? Well, I won't go there right now. Both families are suffering. Both families are mourning and her feeling an enormous loss. I can't help but empathize with Marilyn for what she's going through. I've lost my only daughter and her only child and I can't tell you how bad we miss them. The pain of not being able to talk to the Ms. Hor We're reconvened in zero two CR 6 2 3. I did wanna hug her and I did wanna support her and what I said to her was, we're all praying for the same thing that the truth will come out during this trial, But the families of Michael and Jennifer once very close now find themselves on opposite sides of the courtroom.


I don't understand why Marilyn is not openly sitting on our side with her arm. Around Michael. All rise Opening statements. Mr. Daniels. The prosecution lays out its case. It was an ordinary day in the neighborhood. The evil was done in the dark of night Arguing that that fatal weekend began with a fight on Friday. A fight Jennifer noted in one of her religious books, Loving God with all your mind it. There's a little note that says, bought with Mike on Friday. The weekend ended says Daniels with Jennifer's murder sometime late Monday night That night as Jennifer lay in bed, Michael got his gun.


He loaded around into the chamber and he shot Jennifer in the face As to why Michael bla would murder his wife. Daniel suggests his addiction to internet pornography had split this once. Solid marriage Right here there's a, there's a note type written with a signature line at the bottom. He shows The jury the apology email from Michael, I'm sorry if I have given the devil a foothold. The devil says the prosecution was lurking in black's computer And do you remember how many pornographic photos you found? 668 of the same theme are fetish Details of which were too much even for the judge.


Excuse me, I don't think this is necessary. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury have the idea what these exhibits show. Pornography is gonna play a big part in this from the prosecution standpoint. How do you see that A cyber sex addict is not a murderer make you know, But this sex addict is a murderer. The prosecution insists there Was a bullet in her Skull And the jury is spared no details of this crime. Would that wound be consistent with having been fired more or less straight down into her head. If she had been lying on the bed with her head on a pillow with her head on a pillow, that would be consistent. Yes. After killing Jennifer, the DA continues, blag transported her body in the family van, which explains the blood traces found inside.


Defense has more trouble explaining it. Well how did it get there? You asking me? I don't know. They don't, they don't know how it got There. If I'm the juror, I'm wondering, you know, Who knows The one on the on the steering wheel, the one on the brake pedal are minute and the only ones in the back of the car where the body would've been or, or right around the trim. There's nothing on the interior part of the car and there's no evidence of cleanup. This Is the challenge. Sure. To explain why there's any blood there at All. If it weren't a challenge, we wouldn't be here In court. The defense maintains that finding Jennifer's blood in her own van proves nothing. In fact, Eisner insists the prosecution's whole circumstantial case fails the test of reasonable doubt. He points out that no murder weapon ever has been found.


And he says there simply is no believable motive. No reason why this carrying husband suddenly should morph into a ruthless killer Cross-examination. Mr. Ener. Thank you. Judge Defense would call Wendy Holgate Family, friends take the stand to praise Michael's marriage. Andy's character. He was always very cordial, very pleasant, just a happy, pleasant person to be around. How did Michael Blag treat Jennifer Blag Like she was a, a gift that God had given him. The guy was just an immaculate representation of what a husband should be. Ann says Sister Claire. Michael was devastated after the disappearances.


We All hugged each other. We cried. Mike cried. My mom and I cried. Marilyn was there. She hugged us. It was just a very emotional time. But the defense has a problem making that portrait of blag convincing. It's that first taped interview. He seems rather detached. Well, could somebody put a body around your house? Yeah, there's an open field back behind the house. There is no emotion, there is no passion. There is no where is my wife and daughter. You know, it's not there. It doesn't exist It, it is not true that he is cold or that he lacks expression.


We're the kind of people who like to help other people. We're nice people. We're good guys and it's pretty hard being one of the good guys and being seen as an absolute horror But more damaging for Blags case than his demeanor is Some surprise testimony from his mother-in-law. The people call Marilyn Conway. It shocks the defense. Michael Hurt her in Corpus. He hurt her in Corpus. He hurt her in Corpus. Yes, he did It even shocks the DA And Mrs. Conway. You said that Michael hurt Jennifer in Corpus Christi, Texas. Yes sir. What do you remember about that? She called home one night and said that Mike had cornered her in the bedroom and obviously he was drunk.


I understood that he was trying to choke her. She says it happened 10 years ago. An incident apparently forgotten until now. It shocked me as much as it did anybody else in the courtroom? It was new information to you as well. Sure. I wasn't even aware it was gonna come out of my mouth. It just came out. She got on the stand and lied. I think she saw the District attorney's case faltering and I think she felt she would do whatever she could to help that case out. You reported that to an officer in this case sometime before today. I'm sure that I did a chance I may not have.


You think she lied outright? Yes. This assault never happened. I don't Believe it ever Did, but she just made it up. She Made it up. As the defense deals with this setback, it also has a big decision to make. Is this an appropriate time, Mr. Eisner, to talk with your client about whether he'll testify? Yes it is. Judge, What is your decision? Will Michael Blag try to save himself on the witness stand? Do you expect that you would take the stand? We'll have to see. I believe the jury will make the right decision and public opinion isn't necessarily always right.


You know, there are a lot of passions. Some days it's sports, other days it's cooking or music or just diving into a great documentary. The thing is, whatever you're into, it's on prime. Amazon Prime isn't just about fast delivery though getting stuff the same day is pretty great, but it turns out it's so much more prime video, Amazon music, the whole range of services, it's like a hub for all kinds of curiosity. Prime helps people stay connected to what matters and keeps the journey of exploration going. Whether it's watching something inspiring, listening to a new artist, or getting gear delivered fast to chase a new hobby Prime makes it easier to dive in. So yeah, whatever you're into, it's on Prime. From streaming to shopping, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime to get more out of whatever sparks interest amazon.com/prime.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms apply


With his murder trial coming to its close, Michael Bla is sticking to what's become a morning ritual. All rise, a friendly nod and smile for the jurors day after day after day, While they hold incredible power, they're interested in seeing me as a person too. And I think that it's important to make the eye contact when possible. Thank you. Please be seated ladies and gentlemen. Welcome back. My family is not prepared for a guilty verdict. His sister Claire waits and worries. We're All looking forward to this being over and it at the same time. It's very frightening because over may not be the outcome that we know should happen and, and that's just a scary thing to have to think about.


Is this an appropriate time, Mr. Eisner, to talk with your client about whether he'll testify? Yes it is. Judge, what Is your decision? I will not be testifying Since Michael Blag won't be speaking for himself. Mr. Eisner, And this is actually three parts. David Eisner uses Jennifer's words, My dear husband, the love of my life. There's no words to tell you how I feel about you. I adore you To show that Michael never would have harmed her. I love you. I enjoy getting to spend my life with you. We've had a good almost 10 years of marriage together. I truly wouldn't have wanted to be with anyone else or anywhere else than with you. He quotes from a letter found in Michael's desk just days after her disappearance.


I'm your beloved wife who adores you. How could anybody read that letter? And I think Jennifer was desperately in love with her husband. You look at these pictures, you, you look at these documents and you decide is the Michael Blag that's in this case, is he really the coldblooded killer? They want you to believe or is, is this what he really is? You've gotta decide. Mr. Eisner had some photographs and letters on large boards up here and you know that's the way it could have been and that's the way it should have been. But that ended on November 12th, 2001. Prosecution's case is built on shifting sands and, and here we are at the end.


I just have to hope that the jury has seen that too. The murder trial of Michael Blag is in the hands of the jury deliberations beginning early yesterday afternoon, flags on trial for allegedly killing his wife As a jury reached a verdict as to each count. Yes Sir. The verdict comes in just over 24 hours. As to count one, we the jury find the defendant Michael bla guilty of first degree murder. Mr. Blag, anything you'd like to say before you're sentenced? I can tell you, your honor, that I'm innocent of these charges and I have nothing further to say.


Thank you For the offense of first degree murder, which is a Class one felony. The defendant is sentenced to a Colorado Department of Corrections for the remainder of his natural life and for the offense of abuse of a corpse, which is also a class two misdemeanor. Unless he wins an appeal, Michael Bla will serve life without the possibility of parole. Thank you ladies and gentlemen of the jury. Now he's a narcissistic pig as far as I'm concerned and he, he deserves the sentence he got. We out tried him every step of this trial and I guess the jury just didn't have the courage they needed. Michael Wag is innocent. Of all the crimes of which he has been convicted, he is not guilty.


I'm glad it's over. But the jury's verdict doesn't answer the looming question. Why Guilty of first degree murder. Why would a man who seemed to have it all daddy's here commit such a heinous crime against a loving wife and daughter? What do you think happened? Well, everybody will have to draw their own conclusion. I believe Jennifer was going to leave him. The bottom line is that Michael Blags gonna have a long hard life and then he's gonna have to face God and Jennifer and Abey. Blag will be sitting on God's lap that day and that's when justice will be served.


Faith also comforts David Loman, who is keeping up the search for Abby. It's the idea of getting to put mom and daughter together again. And for answers he thinks only Michael Blag can provide. Everybody that's been married understands anger between two parents or two people. Not this kind of anger, but a child. A child. I don't whether it be your child or someone else's, it doesn't matter. It's a child. A child who sadly never has been found and may never be at peace.


Perhaps in the quiet beauty of the high desert In 2014, a judge overturned Michael Black's conviction. After it was found, a juror lied about her history of domestic abuse of 2018, black was tried and convicted again and sentenced to life behind bars. Abby has never been found.


Nova Case is now streaming on Paramount Plus. You gonna love this? It's an adrenaline rush of fun. Whoa, this is the best and a bloody good time. Looking forward to It. Novak rated R Now Street on Paramount Plus summer


On the south side of Chicago is heating up you Planning revenge on two. This shy is back on Paramount. Plus it's the season of the women Women. This is On chance it's time to get to work, But the men aren't giving up without a fight. There's Always gonna have a Villain. No one is backing down in the Showtime Original series from Emmy Award winner, lean Wait. Why Do black women always have to save the day if we don't do it? Who else will? The shy new season now streaming on the Paramount Plus with Showtime Plan.