
The first season of Georgie and Mandy is a bonafide hit. Be cool. Okay. We don't say it out loud. Hmm. Okay. Can we just say it's great? Thank You for saying that Out loud with lots and lots of laughs. So everybody knows I only told Mandy, well I only told Mom and Dad. That's everybody. So quick summary. Laugh at Georgie and Mandy's first marriage with all episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus and returning new CBS Fall. Yes, yes. Also, yes. Now streaming.


When people go missing, I get hired to help find him when lives are on the line. Coter, please find my daughter. He's the man for the job. I'm gonna do everything I can. Don't miss a moment. Culture's in trouble. I can feel it. Of TV's number one show. These people are dangerous in doing this alone. Not at all. Every Batman gotta have their Robin culture. Justin Hartley stars and made promise I would never stop looking in Tracker. All episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus and returning CBS fall.


He was a wealthy, connected lawyer. Ton. Pano was a magnetic, charming individual. Oh, he Had power, he had money, he had looks, He seemed to have it all. He was actually thinking about a running for Attorney General, But he wanted something he couldn't have. Anne was very, very pretty. She had this great inner life And when he couldn't have her, I meant what I said about only being able to offer you my friendship. He killed her. Tom Capano couldn't have her, and he wasn't going to let another man have her. I guess he really never thought he was gonna be caught. Aaron Moriarty reports the Anatomy of a Murder. How did he think he was gonna get away with it? Well, he almost did.


The real story behind the investigation. There Was no body, there were no witnesses, there wasn't a weapon. And the powerful man who risked everything and almost got away with murder, Arrogant, fascinating, brilliant killer who tripped himself up. Fatal Attraction. He was a well connected, influential lawyer, a man with everything in his favor, who almost got away with murder. Almost good evening. Thomas j Capano was a rising star who seemed to have it all. That is until he risked it all.


A multimillionaire from a prominent family, a former prosecutor with political aspirations, a family man with a limitless future. But there also was no limit to his deception. He was secretly leading a double life and soon enough his secrets would catch up with him. Aaron Moriarty investigates this case of Fatal Attraction Tonight. Insiders piece together for you, the story of a powerful man who thought he had committed the perfect crime. My chosen subject is the consummate sociopath, the person who has it off, but who wears such a perfect mask that it's fantastically interesting.


To peel it away, There were 19,645 murders in this country in 1996. Tom Capano is my kind of guy, but Bestselling author Ann Rule is interested in only one Arrogant, fascinating, brilliant killer who tripped himself up Her 17th book and never let her go is a real life murder mystery. She tried to leave it. How dare she. The story of how this man Thomas Capano, once one of the most powerful lawyers in the state of Delaware ended up on death row. He threw her away.


He threw her away. And now this 30-year-old woman who tried to get away from him, lost her life. I actually feel her sitting beside me as I work, and I have this great responsibility to her to tell her story. Annemarie Fahey was the youngest of six children in a close-knit family. Anne was very, very pretty. I mean, she was five 10. Her Older sister, Kathleen, You know, beautiful eyes and smile. I Love this one. Her brother Brian, She had this great inner light, you know, that, that you just couldn't miss. Annie would walk into a room and it's like somebody threw the light switch and all the lights came on.


Even in O Fris, the popular Wilmington, Delaware hangout, This place could be mobbed. On a Friday happy hour Owner, Kevin Friel says, am Reese stood out? And I'd hear that laugh and I would know somewhere in the building, Annie's here. What was it about her laugh that everybody talks About? It was infectious. She really loved to laugh and she loved to make other people laugh. So few people ever guessed just how difficult her life had been. Anne-Marie was only nine when her mother died of cancer. Our Family life was difficult. You know, my mom dying and my dad died early, and Anne Marie needed a lot of help. Normal things, you know, getting college tuition together and and things like that.


Still, Anne-Marie managed to graduate from college and land her dream job, scheduling secretary to the governor of Delaware. She was smart. She was so kind. She was perfect on her job. Everything seemed to be coming together when she met a young banking executive, Michael Scanlon. How serious was Anne Marie about it? She hope to marry him. She told me he would be in her wedding party and she was head over heels with him. She really did love him. But what Kathleen didn't know was that her sister had a secret, a secret that was discovered only when Anne Marie failed to show up for a date with her boyfriend and vanished.


Mike Scanlan called me around nine o'clock that Saturday evening and said that she had missed a date with him. And that was just a trigger. I knew something was terribly wrong at that point. It was June 28th, 1996. You didn't think she might've just taken off without telling anybody? No, That's just not the way Emery was. And I knew how she felt about Michael and she would not just break a date with him. So then he and I went over to her apartment. But as soon as we went in the apartment, it was obvious that she had not been there for a couple of days. We were there till six in the morning and looking for things and any traces of where Anne-Marie might be, That's when they discovered what Anne-Marie had concealed from her family for more than two years.


I found a number of letters, notes that he had written. He was Tom Capano, a 46-year-old married lawyer with four children. I Knew that they were friends and I was alarmed. I kept calling my brother Robert in Philly. Annemarie had met Capano at the governor's office. What do you know about this relationship? He said, oh, I think they're just friends mentor type of thing. And these letters did not have that flavor. Even more disturbing for Kathleen was a discovery of Annemarie's diary and the last entry. Tom Capano, what a controlling, manipulative, insecure, jealous maniac. She wrote that just two months before she disappeared and It, it was troubling.


I mean, I had read the last entry a number of times. She was Incredibly close to her family, but she didn't tell anyone in her family about Tom Capano. She is ashamed. She was, you know, really a good Catholic. She said over and over in her diary, in her letters, into her friends. He's a married man with four children. I, I can't take a man away from his wife. The notes in the diary pointed investigators to Tom Capano who told them that he had taken Amry to dinner just a few nights earlier. But he insisted that he dropped her off afterwards alive and well here at her apartment. It was difficult at first to believe that a man like Tom Capano could have had anything to do with her disappearance.


How would you have described him be at that time? Before all of this? Probably like most people in Wilmington would have back then. They used to say, you know, he's the nicest guy in the world, But the nicest guy in the world suddenly wasn't so accommodating to either the police or the Fahe family. I think Tom Capano did something to my sister. The Faye refused to give up hope a week after Anne Marie's disappearance. Her friends and family organized a massive search when no clues turned up. We had to have had some type of information that would've helped us. The Faye again asked Capano to talk to police, And he chose not to do that. So it became very clear to us that he was obviously hiding something.


Capano was hiding something, and it would take investigators months to discover what He thought he was gonna get away with this. I definitely thought he was gonna get away with it. Coming up. It's almost as if Tom Capano were a split personality. The many lives this Guy was Callous and loves. Do you still love him? Of Tom Capano? Having Mistresses and controlling women is Tom Papa's application. I'm alone in my house, do not drinking a beer and listening to music. She writes, I have fallen in love with a very special person.


He makes my heart smile. I love you too. Tom Capano was a magnetic, charming individual. Oh, he had power, he had money, he had looks. It seems that just about everyone in Wilmington either knew Tom Capano or wished they did. He loved to help people. People who had Tom as a friend were very fortunate. As the oldest son of Italian immigrant parents, Tom was the achiever. Tommy was always known as the, you know, the good boy, A good student, an athlete. Instead of going into the family construction business with his three brothers, Tom became a lawyer and a rising star in political circles.


They were actually considering him for a judgeship. Tom's brother-in-law, Lee Ramo, He was actually thinking about a running for Attorney General, But then 30-year-old Annemarie Fay disappeared. What was your reaction when you first heard that Tom was the major suspect in the disappearance of Anne-Marie Fahy? Tom's priest, father Roberto Baldelli. That was impossible that he could not be involved. Tom was somebody Family friend Phyllis Hines. He Was a good husband, a good father, a family man and whatnot. But this family man, so devoted to his wife and four beautiful girls in public was in fact leading a completely different life in private.


He Was involved with eight or nine women during a a period of time. Delaware State prosecutor Ferris Wharton while he was married. All of this was while he was married. Along with Anne Marie. There was also Debbie McIntyre, a 46-year-old private school administrator whom Tom had been romantically involved with for over 15 years. Debbie McIntyre was his wife's best friend. She will become more important to this story later on. Tom Capano was addicted to women and control. It is the secret womanizing, Tom Capano that most fascinates crime writer and rule.


I think he's a complete narcissist. Capano had everything, and yet nothing was ever enough. Ann has studied and written about over 1400 criminal cases, including that of serial killer Ted Bundy. But she has never encountered a man quite like Tom Capano. Having mistresses and controlling women was Tom Cap's advocation. It's unbelievable. Not only was Tom Capano seen Anne-Marie Fahe and Debbie McIntyre at the same time, there was a third woman. Her name is Susan Lau. She has moved here to the Virgin Islands and until now has never spoken publicly about her relationship with Tom Capano.


What made you move here? You know, the newspapers, everything was Capano Fahe and it was just, you know, too much. It was just way too much for me to handle. So Susan first met Tom Capano in 1995 at the law office where they both worked. He was a a giver, like a giver of himself. Susan says she started dating Tom after he left his wife and moved to this rented house. He had seen you. He was seeing Debbie McIntyre, he was seeing Anne Marie Fahe. He was still seeing his kids. How did he juggle all of this? I Have no idea. Was he a guy who needed that kind of attention? He definitely needed to be needed, And Tom seemed to be exactly what Anne-Marie needed when she first met him in early 1994.


At first, he was the perfect lover. Tom wooed Anne-Marie, the way he wooed every woman. He whisked her out of town for intimate candlelit dinners. I have fallen in love with a very special person. He showered her with expensive gifts. I gave him my body and love. Anne-Marie poured out her heart in her secret diary. I can't think of my life without him. How did I allow myself to fall in love with a married man? The fact that he was married was a definite problem area for her Psychiatrist, Dr.


Neil Kay treated Anne Marie during the time she secretly dated Tom Capano. I'm Not sure that she ever felt comfortable with it. She keeps Tommy very, very secret And no one Knew. No one knew. But in late 1995, everything in her life changed. Anne-Marie met Michael Scanlan. She first met him and after about five minutes, she turned around and said to her girlfriends, he's not my type at all. Oh, reel's bar owner. Kevin was there that night, and the Next thing we know, they were always together. Michael Scanlan was Irish Catholic and best of all single. When she met a real man who loved her and accepted her for herself, why would she want Tom Capano?


In fact, Anne-Marie didn't want Capano as far as Anne-Marie was concerned. Their romantic relationship was over. She's really trying to pull away. In an email she Wrote, Tommy, I meant what I said on Sunday night about right now only being able to offer you my friendship In early 1996. The More he couldn't get her, the more he had to get Her. Tom Capano began making harassing phone calls, And he called her like 25 times. Tommy, you scared me this weekend. It really freaks me out. When you call every half hour. He began demanding the return of gifts And he would show back up on her doorstep and take them or throw them around or break them.


Finally, on April 7th, 1996, she writes in her diary what she apparently couldn't tell Tom directly. I finally have brought closure to Tom Capano. What a controlling, manipulative, insecure, jealous maniac. But incredibly, Anne-Marie continued to see Tom Capano as a friend. She was trying in her own, I think to let him down easy. She was afraid he would tell Michael Scana that they'd had an affair. On the night of June 27th, 1996, Annemarie Fahe and Tom Capano had dinner. They went to the restaurant in Philadelphia.


They left and returned to Cap's home. Tom Capano couldn't have her and he wasn't going to let another man have her. Annemarie was never seen again. My hope was that he had somehow kidnapped her and was hiding her somewhere Coming up The blood was right where we thought the blood would be. It was next to the new rug. He had some involvement in her disappearance. The case against Tom Capano. Tom Capano is a guy who thinks he can get away with anything.


The first season of Georgie and Mandy is a bonafide hit. Be cool. Okay. We don't say it out loud. Hmm. Okay. Can we just say it's great? Thank You for saying that out loud With lots and lots of laughs. So everybody knows I only told Mandy, well, I only told mom and dad. That's everybody. So quick Summer laugh at Georgie and Mandy's first marriage with all episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus and returning new CBS fall. Yes, yes. Also, yes. Now streaming.


When people go missing, I get hired to help find them when lives are on the line. Coter, please find my daughter. He's the man for the job. I'm gonna do everything I can. Don't miss a moment Coulter's in trouble. I can feel it of TV's number one show. These people are dangerous. I'm doing this alone. Not at all. Every Batman gotta have their route. Coter Justin Hartley Stars. I made a promise I would never stop looking in Tracker. All episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus and returning CBS fall.


The air conditioning was running. There was food left out on the counter. Her bed was not made. And you knew that something terribly was wrong. Something was terribly wrong. 30-year-old Annemarie Fay had vanished and the man last to see her, 46-year-old Thomas Capano refused to help Annemarie's family find her. My best hope was that he had somehow kidnapped her and was hiding her somewhere. But I just couldn't see the logic in that. What happened to Anne-Marie may have remained a mystery except for column Conley and his team of investigators. I truly believe that we had a number of gifts throughout this whole thing and Col Conley being one of 'em.


I just think she was very beautiful and I think that picture is the most beautiful picture of her. Collum Conley was the federal prosecutor assigned to the case. I was 32 when the case started. 34 when it ended. Alright, who wants to hit next? A family man himself. The fahe, when I first walked in to meet them were a little taken aback by my age. Conley was determined to get answers for the Fahe family, And you would see the frustration in their faces. You would see tears, despair. We really wanted to see justice done, But that wasn't going to be easy. There's no witness, there's no weapon.


There's no body. That's true. What he didn't count on was that the investigation took a different turn and We realized that if we launched a federal investigation, started looking at things like financial records that we might be able to get somewhere. They discovered that Tom Capano had purchased a new rug just two days after Anne Marie disappeared. It was just what they needed to get a search warrant for Capano rented house. And Tom Capano opened the door in his bathrobe. I think he was dismayed to say the least. He, he just looked like he looked like he'd had the wind knocked out of him. And once investigators were inside Guanos house, as you see here on evidence video, they found exactly what they were looking for.


That's One of the blood spots. You can see how small that is. Investigators found blood. The blood was right where we thought the blood would be. It's right here. Anne Marie's blood Next to the new rug In minute amounts. It's about two millimeters. It was lucky that you found this. By that time it was very apparent that he had some involvement in her disappearance. But even after finding annemarie's blood in Tom Anos house, prosecutors still couldn't arrest him. Why? Because they couldn't prove how that blood got here. They couldn't charge Capano with murder because they couldn't prove a murder had occurred.


And so they kept on digging in his backyard. We even brought out a dog at the end of the day, but we didn't find anything. And they didn't stop there acting on a tip. That evidence had been discarded in Capano company. Dumpsters. Investigators spent days digging through the Wilmington dump It wreaked. The smells were horrible as they unearthed all this trash and it was hot and muggy and then it rained. Ever find the gun? No. Ever find any of her belongings? No. But in a town where nothing like this ever happens, investigators simply couldn't give up.


We had countless meetings at 10:00 PM or 2:00 AM Whatever it took, I would just make it a point to to get home, have dinner, and if I had to go back to the office, It was when they began digging into Anos past that investigators got another break. They found this man, Joe Riley, who told them about another woman. Capano had become obsessed with 13 years before he met Ann-Marie. The girl left him after him and her had a fight. And he says he loved the girl very, very much. Joe Riley, a former client of Capano, is 80 years old and deaf. He's talking about Linda Marola, a legal secretary who dated Tom Capano in 1981.


And like Ann-Marie tried to break it off. Did he also ask you to call Linda and harass her? Yes. Riley, a former FBI informant taped some of the conversations. He claims that Capano hired him first to harass Marola with phone calls. You wanna forget about it? I can't. You can't forget about it. That's Right. And later you wanna go through phase two even talked about killing her. Correct. Did you wanna go through phase two? Yeah. He was so mad at her. He wanted to have her killed, Killed Rhonna down with a car. The plan to run her over with a car was never carried out. Riley says Capano changed his mind and backed out.


If his chain had been jerked back then and he'd probably still be coming in here on happy hours on Friday. A number of influential people did know about the harassment, but it was kept quiet and Tom Capano kept his job at a private law firm. You've got a pattern here of somebody. Tom Capano getting away with what most people would never get away with To Colin Cony. It was proof that Tom Capano was capable of murder, And I believe that he killed her that night at his home. And how did he kill her? I believe he shot her behind the ear, But believing it and proving it are two different things.


And after a year and a half of work, investigators still didn't have enough evidence to arrest Tom Capano. How did he think he was gonna get away with it? Well, he almost did. I mean, literally he almost did. And he might have gotten away with it. If investigators hadn't begun digging in a new place, Tom Capano could not have physically gotten rid of a body by himself. We focused on his inner circle of friends and family Coming up. The confession that forced Tom Capano to change his story.


Although public pressure for an arrest in the death of Anne-Marie Fahe was mounting every day. Prosecutors were moving cautiously, methodically gathering clues. They were convinced all along that Tom Capano was their man, but they were afraid that he would find a way to remain untouchable. Gradually, the investigator's noose began to tighten around Kao's inner circle and for all the clues they had to dig for. There was one stunning piece of evidence that simply surfaced. Here again, Aaron Morr. He was getting ready to kill Ann-Marie if and when she left him.


Crime writer Ann Rule is convinced Tom Capano planned the murder. I don't think he knew the date, but he knew he was going to do it More than a year after she vanished. There is still no trace of Anne-Marie Fahe. There was no body, there were no witnesses. There wasn't a weapon. There was no physical evidence in her apartment. Life had seemingly returned to normal for Tom Capano. There Were times when we never thought he was gonna get arrested. The man Annemarie's sister believed, knew a lot more than he was saying. I guess he really never thought he was gonna be caught. But if most people here in Wilmington thought Tom Capano power and connections meant he'd never be charged with murder, prosecutors refused to give up.


They went looking for his weak link and they found it. We thought that his brothers had some involvement, so we started to target them. Investigators turned to his brothers focusing particularly on his kid. Brother Jerry. Jerry's a playboy. He always had everything. Jerry, 14 years younger than Tom was the most troubled. He had had run-ins with the law and was a regular user of cocaine and marijuana. The three brothers did try to look after Jerry, but he was a wild one. He was overindulged. Investigators knew Jerry had been with Tom the day after ery disappeared. But Jerry wasn't anxious to testify against his brother.


Oh No, because the rule with the Capano family was their family. You protect your family and Jerry loved Tom, But investigators raided Jerry's Wilmington home finding cocaine and weapons facing a long prison term. Jerry finally decided to talk, Saw a cooler and rolled up rug. Jerry's tape confession to police tells a terrible tale how he helped Tom take a large cooler containing the body of Anne Marie to Jerry's vacation home on the ocean. That's Tom Capano. Yeah. At 8 41 in the morning, they stopped along the way so Tom could get money.


These pictures are from the cash machine he used. Did you take the cooler onto your boat? Yes. Once on Jerry's boat, they headed due east 60 miles to sea. And then you turned around and what did you see? Saw foot sink into the east. And was it a human foot? Yes. How did Tom fit the nearly six foot tall woman in the four foot long cooler? We believe he broke her bones and he stuffed Her in. When you're not concerned about causing somebody pain, you can manipulate them into different positions than you would if you were concerned about causing them pain. When the cooler tossed overboard wouldn't sink. Jerry told police he shot holes in it. This is the shotgun that Jerry used to shoot the cooler When the coolers still wouldn't sink.


Tom dropped Anne Marie's body overboard After they realized that the cooler was not going to sink, he, he took her out of the cooler and wrapped her in an anchor and some anchor chain. Jerry told investigators that the cooler now filled with holes and missing a top drifted out to sea. His confession finally gave prosecutors what they needed. Wilmington attorney Thomas Capano heads to prison. Even as Tom Capano was arrested and taken away in handcuffs, We and her family are learning the horrifying alleged details. His lawyers ridicule the statement made by his brother Jerry. He's somebody who is a known drug dealer, and this is the person that comes forward to point a finger.


So you have to take it for what it's worth in terms of credibility. But investigators were about to get more evidence. The cooler was never supposed to be found. A crucial piece of evidence that would confirm Jerry's story. The cooler was supposed to be on the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean And they got it from a very unlikely source. It was July 4th, 1996. A beautiful day. We caught a lot of fish that day. Fisherman Ken Chubb never knew Tom Capano, but news of his arrest made him and a friend of his Ron Smith. Remember a day more than a year earlier, Just never thought anything more about it until the, the day of the article in the newspaper, Ken Chubb had spent the day, July 4th, 1996, fishing about eight miles off the Delaware coast.


It was one week after Anne-Marie had disappeared About three 30 in the afternoon. Somewhere around that time, my son Dave said, what's that floating over there? It was a cooler, a big cooler. The top was missing and there were two holes in the insulation. They looked like bullet holes. I patched the holes and took the lid off of mine and then one hand or what was missing and put it on there. And I had a real nice cooler. Neither Fishermen thought any more about it until almost a year and a half later and they saw the news. I knew it was a core. I just knew it was. It started clicking in my head. You know that the possibility that that was a cooler, My feeling is it was a divine intervention.


I feel that that cooler was there for a purpose. I found it for a purpose. And the thought was put in Ron's mind for a purpose. If you're a spiritual person, I think the real miracle in this whole incredible tragedy is the cooler. The Cooler and the blood. I think we're both gifts. For Anne Prosecutors had Anne's blood in Tom Capano house, Jerry's confession, and now the cooler evidence they would use to try to prove Tom killed Anne-Marie. This Was something that he had thought about for months and months and months. This is a well thought out planned killing. That's what the prosecution would tell the court. But at trial, Tom Capano has a surprise for them.


There's Another person who was fully cognizant of everything. Next, the shocking defense, the Man I love. For many years, Tom Capano never existed. When 48 hours continues,


She broke my heart. My name's Jack Wagner, host of Otherworld, a podcast featuring real people who experience something paranormal, supernatural, or unexplained. I have no idea how I got there. I don't think I've ever seen anything that looked like this. It felt like electric stars on fire. I started other world to take a grounded approach to the paranormal. Help people tell their own stories and encourage more to come forward. I certainly don't have the answers, but maybe one day we will join me as we explore our world's greatest mysteries. Listen to other world now for free on the Odyssey app or wherever you get your podcasts.


I've tried a lot of big cases all around the country, and this is a feeding frenzy. By the way. This is OJ Jr. It is the most notorious trial Wilmington Delaware has ever seen. You know, we always said we were gonna finish this for Ann Marie 'cause she couldn't finish it for herself. It really became an exercise in figuring out how to just get through the day. This was Annie's last fight, and they weren't gonna go anywhere until they wanted For More than two years after Anne Marie Fahe disappeared. Tom Capano finally has to face his accusers. We wanted the jury to see who this guy was. The Prosecutors have proof of Emery's blood in Tom Anos house. They have his brother Jerry's confession and they have the cooler.


This is not a one night accidental panicky incident. This was a planned murder And to help prove the murder was planned. They have evidence that just a month before Emery died, Capano got a 22 caliber handgun like this one. I'm surprised by the size of that gun. I was taken aback when I first saw that Because it's so small. That's true. Although I think he knew he was gonna shoot her from close range. Colin Conley never found the actual weapon, but his investigators did uncover a receipt for one. This Is the receipt for the gun Debbie bought. Debbie is Debbie McIntyre.


Remember her? She was the woman. Tom Capano secretly dated for more than 17 years and was still seen throughout his affair with Anne-Marie. Did Anne-Marie have any idea that Tom was seeing Debbie McIntyre? No. Did Debbie McIntyre have any idea that Tom was seen? Anne-Marie? No. Throughout the investigation, I love You. I love you too. As these tape phone calls from jail show. Say It loud. I love you too. Debbie McIntyre remain loyal to Tom Capano. Debbie McIntyre. He had described as susceptible to manipulation. You love me Enough to fight for Me weak. Please. I'm begging You insecure. I need you to A doormat. It is hard to believe under the circumstances that I actually do love you, but I do.


But facing possible criminal charges herself. Debbie turn state's witness. We confronted her with the gun receipt and within a month we had reached a cooperation agreement with her. I told them that I bought it and I gave it to you. You wanted it and I gave it to You. Debbie McIntyre admitted she bought the gun just one month before Anne Marie disappeared. But she claimed she bought it for Tom Capano. Why Did you say such a thing? Because you did. How could you love me and then betray me? How could you do something? I didn't portray you. I told the truth. Don't say that one more time. Debbie. How could you do something even without talking to me?


We have made promises to each other. You're destroying me. Debbie, do you know what they're gonna do with this? Let's go back to this gun. No, no, no, no, no, no. Who made me give you the gun? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, No. Hey man, I love, for many years Tom Capano never existed. When it was clear Debbie McIntyre would go ahead with her testimony. She broke my heart cap. Panos lawyers dropped a bombshell. Shocking revelations today in the Thomas Capano murder trial. It was A tragic, Horrible Accident. That's about all I can Do. It was in this courtroom that Tom Capano finally admitted. He knew what happened to Ann-Marie Fahe. He even admitted he disposed of her body justice.


His brother said he did. But Capano told the jury that he didn't kill Ann-Marie. He claimed Debbie McIntyre did. That she had found Capano and Ann-Marie together had become upset. And while trying to commit suicide, Capano says McIntyre accidentally shot and killed Ann-Marie. We tried to stop her and the gun went off. Tom Tom's brother-in-law, Lee Ramo. I don't know why that's hard to believe. Capano took the stand for eight days to try to convince the jury that Debbie did it. His whole nature and personality became so clear up there. He thought, I'm Tom Capano. I can control this courtroom. When I get done telling these people, they'll see it my way and I'll walk outta here.


I wish everybody could have seen that manipulative evil on the witness stand. You call him Evil. Oh God, yes. But nothing Capano told. The jury spoke louder than this Ferris and I walked it out as if we were walking a coffin out of a church. She laid it in front of the jury. I think they were shell shocked. I just think it really drove home the impact that somebody had been stuffed unceremoniously into a a fish cooler. And that was the noise that resonated in the courtroom. The sound of the wooden handles against the side. It sort of riveted the case back where it belonged in.


That was what happened to Annmarie Fahy. And this was her coffin. When that cooler was brought in the courtroom, it was very, very upsetting because that was the last place that Ann Marie was. The jury took three days to reach a verdict. Jury walked in with such determination, didn't look at anybody. It was so still. If a feather had hit the floor, you would've heard the reverberation. And it's one of the few times I brought Capano into the courtroom that he looked scared. The foreman stood up. You could hear a pin drop. It's guilty of murder one for Thomas Capano, And we heard this incredible war back behind the courtroom.


What you now hear is the crowd cheering as various members of the Fahe family are now coming out. It's a hollow victory. Just because I'm, I'm sad because I mean, we all miss Anne Marie and she's not coming home. The only question left, will it be Life or death for the convicted murderer? What happens to Tom Capano? Capano Could receive life in jail without parole. That's next. Or he could receive the death penalty that is by lethal injection. KW News time, 10 31 Of the most notorious murder trials is coming to an end.


He was once a prominent lawyer on top of the world. March 16th, 1999, Tom Capano took his last shackled walk into the Wilmington Courthouse to learn his fate. Capano could receive life in jail or he could receive the death penalties. We'll bring you the decision just as soon as it's announced. This is in Special Report. Convicted killer Thomas Capano now has a date with death. Death by lethal injection death penalty. Read all about It. No comments. Thanks a Lot. Judge William Lee sentenced Tom Capano to die by lethal injection. Tom Capano was a wealthy, well-connected person who thought he was gonna get away with murder.


Capano appeal to the United States Supreme Court was denied. But his new attorney says there are still other avenues to challenge Anos conviction and sentence. In the meantime, the man who once had everything now spends 23 hours a day alone in a cell on death row. It's devastating for his kids. It's devastating for his mother. It's devastating for my wife, his sister, everybody that knew and cared about him Devastating and also hard to accept. For those who love Tom Capano, I still think that he's a decent, honest person. I don't think he's a killer. I mean that's that. I will never believe The pain from the whole trial.


It's, it's, it's so incredibly bad. Remember Susan Loath? She's Tom's former girlfriend who moved to the Virgin Islands to escape the scrutiny of the Capano trial. Do you still love him? The old one? I didn't know the person on trial. What do we take away from this whole tragedy? Oh boy. We learn that the handsomest most beautiful, gentle smiles can hide a monster behind the perfect mask. You see that lovely rose blossom of a face of Ann-Marie? It really bothers me that she was treated so badly even after her death.


It's, And you think he threw her away And he knows we're never gonna find a body Prosecutor Collum Conley. Now the Delaware US attorney had spent three years on the case. Hey William. I had two children born during the case, my wife and I did. He still has questions In The very end. The last 5% of the truth we would never get because there was only one person who could give that up. And that was Tom Capano. And he was never gonna tell us what really happened. The Fays filed a civil suit against Tom Capano and were awarded an undisclosed settlement. Capano filed a suit of his own against Debbie McIntyre saying if he's responsible for Annemarie's death, so is McIntyre.


He later dropped the suit. Whatever happened that night, Annemarie Fahe is now gone forever. I would hope that people would remember Anne as a very loving person. P of Annemarie. Thank you for Coming. Annemarie is remembered every year at events that raise money for the charity established in her name. An annual run takes place in what was Annemarie's favorite park. Annie loved to run through the park here And now. The place to remember her Annemarie's girlfriends dedicated a bench to her. This is it. This Is it. And without a body for burial, this Is the closest to something tangible to have and touch.


To remember her by Annemarie Sinead Fade. It's a beautiful spot. You got the river right there. I am alone in my house tonight drinking a beer and listening to music. Now I think about every day I talk to her in my head every day. Her sister, Kathleen can only wonder what might have been. I think she'd be married and if not having had a child, definitely wouldn't like to have one. You know she had her own style. She was very funny And you would hear that laugh. I still hear that laugh. Can't you still hear it? Oh yeah. She just let loose.


She was great with children. She just had a very gentle kind way about her and she's truly missed by many. Throughout the investigation, Capano blasted prosecutors for being quote, overzealous, but they stood their ground building their case piece by little piece, even under intense public pressure to make an arrest. For some, the proverbial wheels of justice may have turned too slowly. But the results in this instance should bolster confidence in the American system of justice. In a small state, one man with a big reputation and enormous influence was not above the law.


He thought he could get away with murder. He was wrong. In 2006, Tom Cap's death sentence was overturned. He died of a heart attack five years later while serving a life sentence. He was 61.


The first season of Georgie and Mandy is a bonafide hit. Be cool. Okay. We don't say it out loud. Hmm. Okay. Can we just say it's great? Thank you for saying that out loud with lots and lots of laughs. So everybody knows I only told Mandy, well I only told mom and dad. That's everybody. So quick summary. Laugh at Georgie and Mandy's first marriage with all episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus and returning new CBS Fall. Yes. Yes. Also, yes. Now streaming.


When people go missing, I get hired to help find them when lives are on the line. Coter, please find my daughter. He's the man for the job. I'm gonna do everything I can. Don't miss a moment. Colter's in trouble. I can feel it. Of TV's number one show. These people are dangerous. I'm doing this alone. Not at all heavy. Batman gotta have their robbing culture. Justin Hartley stars and made promise I would never stop looking in Tracker. All episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus and returning CBS fall.