
This special two-part edition of 48 Hours Continues Multimillionaire, Darren Mack is facing life in prison for the murder of his beautiful, sexy wife, Charla. There is a mountain of incriminating evidence against Darren. Is this the end of the story? Not by a long shot.


When a sniper opened fire on the morning of June 12th at 1105 in downtown Reno, The judge was rushed to the hospital in critical condition. No one could have imagined the horror that had taken place only a few miles away. Two hours earlier in an upscale condominium complex, a woman had been brutally stabbed to death in a garage.


Nobody knew what was going on, and nobody had put the two events together. Nobody disputes that. Charla was there that morning in Darren's garage to drop off her daughter. Charla was so afraid of Darren. So most people think he must have made some sort of promise that he was gonna end the fight over their divorce if she would just come in and talk to him. That is the only reason most people think she would've gone into that garage. When I first heard that Charla had been killed, it was like somebody punched me in the chest and you're thinking it just happened.


And maybe everything, maybe somehow, if you can get to her and and turn back time real fast, you can save her. At one point, I think the max were a happily married couple, and they did enjoy an alternative sort of lifestyle. They were swingers. They went to sex clubs and sex parties. They enjoyed swapping partners. They led a wildlife, and by most accounts, they both enjoyed it. But there was absolutely no love in that garage. That morning, there was bitter, bitter hate.


She obviously died a very slow, painful and tortured death. It was absolutely premeditated, and we know that from the note that was left well ending, the problem was eliminating her, was killing her. We've heard the official version about what happened that morning. Now we're going to hear Darren's story. It is time to take a stand. We're not gonna take this anymore. Where, where do we draw the line? Darren's defense attorney say that Charla was the aggressor. Charla attacked Darren. He was very scared of her. I was with him a couple of times when she called and threatened him.


The Charla and Darren Macks story is far from over. Just one day before Charla M was murdered and Judge Chuck Weller was shot by a sniper. Alicia Bison was out target practicing with her new boyfriend. And so we all loaded up in the cars and drove out to a place where people routinely go shooting and, and did a little target practicing.


She noticed he was a pretty good shot. How good of a marksman is he? Excellent, Excellent. His name Darren Mack. They met online though, not on a dating website, but on a blog filled with scathing complaints about family court judge Chuck Weller. We Both had unique experiences in the family court. Alicia had her own run-ins with Judge Weller. I received an email from Darren as well as many other people, and we began corresponding that way. What was it about Darren that that attracted you? Probably first and foremost that he was respectful of me because he valued my opinion.


And then probably a close second to that was the fact that he was a, he's a family man, especially being a single mom. You want to make sure that the person that you're dating is someone who has strong family values. Did you fall in love with him? I've, I've, I love him and I do ringing help. They knew each other just three months before the family man was accused of murdering his wife. Charla. You're the person that was closest to him in the days leading up to the murder of Charla Mack, what was going through his mind? What was his mental state?


I, I can't begin to assess what Darren Maximal state was. I can tell you that my experience with him was, was that of a normal relationship? Yes, he was frustrated, Alicia says that morning. It never occurred to her that Darren could have been involved. Nothing about anything about Darren conveyed that there was anything being planned. A first responder told us a shot hit Judge Chuck Weller in the upper chest. What came into my mind was, I've gotta call Darren and tell him this, this is unbelievable. I mean, we knew lots of people didn't like Judge Weller, and rightly so.


There was a lot of people out there who really didn't like this judge. So you're, you're at work and you, and you hear that Judge Weller had been shot. And what was, what was your reaction? What did you do? Picked up the Phone, called Darren. And what did he say? He Just said he was really busy at the time and he'd call me back, and that was the last time I spoke with him. When Garrett Idols spoke to Darren that morning, he had no clue that within hours there would be a massive manhunt on for his friend, The prime suspect, Darren Mack. Did you notice anything in his voice? Any kind of panic or, no, When I didn't reach him, I immediately text messaged him saying, you know, judge Weller's been shot, call me.


Alicia never heard back from Darren that day, and by four 30 that afternoon, she knew why. For the shooting of Judge Chuck Weller, we are now seeking Darren Mack. This individual was a sniper. It was a shock to you. Absolutely. And at that time, did you also fear for your own safety? No. Her only fear at that point was whether she too was under suspicion since they've been together just the day before at the shooting range. So there was a decision made to call a friend of mine who was a sheriff, a local sheriff, and ask him, well, what do I do?


Am I a suspect? Do I go home? It was only then she heard the most shocking news of all. It is a homicide investigation. Charla Mack was found murdered on the floor of Darren's garage. And I said, what, what are you talking about? And I, I said, I don't know, you know, I just, I couldn't believe any of it. This can't be happening. The next time Darren and Alicia saw each other was for a jailhouse visit several weeks after his return from Mexico.


It was a very emotional kind of reunion, I guess you would call it. Having, you know, seeing him again for the first time and, and realizing the full gravity of what, what had happened and how life was never going to be the same again. Darren Mack plans to testify at his trial about what drove him to kill Charla. I Loved her as deeply as a man can love a woman, and when it wasn't that way, it was as painful as anything I've ever experienced. Mr. Mack, I'll remind you that you're still under oath. Okay? You will tell a jury as he told true tv.


She was, I went to even the battered woman's thing to get a temporary restraining order, but He lived in fear of his own wife. I even at one point called my friend, I went and got his bulletproof vest and started wearing that. Anytime I was forced to meet with Charla alone And alone with Charla in that garage, it was she, Darren says, who attacked him. Since June of 2006, the murder of Charla Mack and the shooting of Judge Chuck Weller have been the talk of Reno, and we Have another major story to get to.


Now. The Darren Mack murder trial finally got started today. So when it came time for Darren Mack's trial, more than a year later, the show went on the road to Las Vegas. As this trial begins, we're gonna hear two versions of a terrible story, a terrible murder Writer. Amanda Rob followed the case for 48 hours. We're gonna hear Darren's story and we're gonna hear the prosecutor's story. They're both gonna be brutal and they're both gonna be ugly. There's nothing that unusual, unfortunately, about a domestic violence. Homicide Prosecutor Robert Dacus open for the state, Like a lot of couples, they grew apart, and 10 years after the marriage, Charla and the defendant decided to get divorce.


What made this case somewhat unusual, was that Darren Mack also tried to kill a judge. Things became fairly contentious very early in the divorce proceedings before Judge Charles Weller. A big part of the state's case would be these recordings from Judge Weller's courtroom showing the bitterness of the max divorce. Over and over, they lie, lie, lie. This courtroom battle went on for over a year and a half, mostly about money. Charlie needs some money immediately. I don't have any money. What do you want me to do? At one point, judge Weller even threatened to throw Darren in jail when he violated a court order.


My inclination now is to require you, sir, to give her $10,000 by Friday at five o'clock. Or if you don't do that, to report to nine 11 Par Boulevard at that time for incarceration. Darren Mack is essentially a, you know, he's a spoiled brat. I mean, the kid was raised with a lot of money, he got everything he ever wanted, and now he found himself in family court. Things weren't going his way. He wasn't getting what he wanted, and he took matters into his own hands. Prosecutors believed the idea to kill Charla may have been planted a couple of weeks earlier when Darren sat for this cable access interview with the father's rights advocate. Mac railed against Weller.


That is the, the family court system. My experience of it under Judge Weller is it's, it's, it's reminds me much more about what I've studied in school about Nazi Germany. And then there was this chilling remark from host William Wagner to Darren, You're actually, you know, better off to murder your, your spouse and then plead insanity and you'll be out in seven years and you'll have your kids. What was Darren Max's reaction when that comment was made? He didn't say anything, but you could see his, his facial reaction. It was almost like he absorbed it and, and realized it might be a good idea. Calm, Kind of, almost as though a light went off At some point.


Following this interview, prosecutors say Darren took this advice a step further and actually wrote a to-do list for his crime spray. It's not every day that you have a script basically laying out what's gonna happen in a murder case. Friends Anne and Christine say that morning began like so many others When she got in her car with Erica that morning and the dog, her intention was to drive Erica and do the exchange. And never in a million years did she leave her house that day and think I should be worried about this. Charla was murdered in a very brutal way.


She clearly suffered defensive wounds on her arms and on her legs. She was clearly drug from one area to another. We see blood spatter on the walls of the garage and on the floor of the garage. Although we don't know exactly what happened, we know she put up quite a fight. Ultimately, she lost that fight. Charla Mack was 5 420 pounds. Darren Mack was close to six feet, 200 pounds. Charla M didn't stand a chance. Less than two hours later, Darren Mack could check one more thing off that to-do list. As Judge Chuck Weller laid bleeding on the floor of his chambers.


The next question was, who fired the bullet? Well, if there's a common denominator between Charlo Mack and Judge Weller, it's the defendant Darren Mack. Certainly that doesn't prove he fired the shot. Several other things will. Ladies and gentlemen, you've heard from the state Now it was Darren's turn as defense attorney Scott Freeman open with scenes of a very troubled marriage. He thought he'd hit the lottery with this woman. Funny, smart, beautiful, physically fit. Darren was not aware of the dark side of Charla prior to marriage. She also was not aware of her ability to be physically violent and physically abusive towards Darren.


The defense spared the jury no detail in describing the max marriage. Charla had an unusual sexual appetite. She liked women, she liked swing with men and women. Charla dis poses. She could be kind and giving in public. She could be violent and abusive at home. It was too much for Darren to take. Darren told friends. He started carrying a knife and a gun for protection. Yet in their last court appearance together, it was Charla who said she was afraid. But he gets so angry and so whipped up that I just don't feel comfortable right now knowing personally where I live. And it's not about Erica, it's really about me.


And I just would like to wait until the whole thing is resolved. Charla did want protection. Darren did want protection. They both asked for it and they didn't get it. And one person is still alive. Yes, that, that, I'm not denying that. And one person defended his own life. And now for the first time, defense attorneys revealed Darren's version of events. The morning Charlie and Darren were face to face in that garage. Charla arrived about nine 15. Charlie begins to threaten and the rubber band starts to pull.


The name calling from Charla began the terrorist split personality reared its evil head. She transferred into pure hatred. Rubber band is pulling. According to Darren. The fight escalated and when he turned his back on her charlin knocked him to the ground. Darren says that's when the gun he was carrying fell out of his pocket. She was going to punch him on the left side of his face. But Darren gets up and pushes her back. Darren says, as Charla stumbled backwards, she stepped on the gun. He claims she picked it up and aimed it right at him. Charla, give me the gun, Darren says, with his left hand, it's loaded.


Charla looks at the gun, pulls the hammer back, smiles and fires just like that. The rubber band breaks. Darren claimed the gun had misfired, which may or may not explain why there was no evidence of gunplay. And this is the first time, by the way, that prosecutors heard anything about a gun in the garage. Darren's worst fears were realized at that moment. Charla was really going to kill him. According to Darren Charla tried to pull the trigger again, but this time he was ready for her with his knife. They're both struggling on the ground. Darren plunges the knife into her neck once Charlie's violence has stopped.


Defense attorney David Chesnoff picks up Darren's story from that morning's crime spray. He's like a soldier. He's a soldier for a just cause. That's how he sees this. Everything is happening basically on automatic pilot, which is consistent with somebody suffering from the delusions that Darren Mack was suffering from at the time that he went and shot Judge Weller. The defense says Darren went into that delusional state of mind after Charla allegedly put the gun in his face. Darren thought that Charla had slept with Judge Weller a delusion.


I hope well ask Judge Weller when he comes here. Chesno says they will prove Darren was still delusional when he managed to hit Judge Weller in a single shot from 170 yards away. Did Judge Weller fuel Darren's delusions? You bet he did. Darren's attorneys were trying a unique defense strategy decision, self-defense in the murder of Charla Mack and insanity for the attempted murder of Judge Chuck Weller. Is Darren m insane? No. No.


I think Judge Waller has a lot to do with what happened to Darren that day. I think Judge Weller should be up on the stand right next to Darren, Despite the horrible details revealed At trial. I mean, if it wasn't for Judge Weller, none of this would've happened. Darren Mack still has supporters like Garrett Idol. Help me understand that line of thinking. If it wasn't for Judge Weller, Charla Mack would be alive today. If Judge Weller handled his courtroom with a little more human touch, a little more compassion, I think that a lot of people wouldn't be so destroyed.


Garrett met Darren through a divorce support group. How were you treated by Judge Weller? Like a piece of garbage. He told me, if, you know, I couldn't pay my child support, you know, doing my career line of work now that I should go flip burgers. Go flip burgers. Excuse me. And Alicia Peterson claims Judge Weller crossed the line with her too when she was before him for that custody dispute. How did Judge Weller conduct himself? He was unprofessional, He was rude, and he made highly inappropriate comments. Alicia was then a captain in the army and she says Weller accused her of being upset because her child's father moved on.


I took offense to the statement that I was chasing a lieutenant colonel and I was just bitter about not getting myself a lieutenant colonel. And I needed to get over that and I needed to get on with my life As his friends see it. Darren's own frustrations led him to that parking garage to send Judge Weller a message. And I think he just wanted to injure him and to expose his courtroom, his corruption. Do you believe that if Darren wanted to kill Judge Weller, he could have done so?


What do you make of of Darren Max's claim that he didn't intend on killing Judge Weller? Do do you believe that? I No, you Just wanted to scare him. No, I I think he wanted to send a message. I think that's Darren Max's ego because he didn't kill him. State may call the ex witness. Thank you Judge Charles Weller. In a rare turn of events, judge Chuck Weller found himself on the witness stand In a couple of months before I was shot, there were blogs on a couple of websites and there were some just horrible attacks on me calling me Hitler saying that I was unfair, that I was biased, that I was corrupt.


I I knew some people from Nevadans for equal parenting. I had some sympathy for some of their views Concerned. Judge Weller approached the head of the group and asked him about the negative blogs, Why is this happening? And he said, I thought Daryl, but perhaps he said Darren Mack. He told me that Darren Mack was behind it. Weller remembered this conversation and gave police the details from his hospital bed. And what was the name? He told The detective Darrell Mack. When you provided the name Darrell Mack, who were you thinking of? That man right there.


Now it's the defense's turn to cross-examine the judge and they begin by questioning his knowledge of the divorce case. You would agree that you've become a lot more familiar with this particular divorce than you actually did when the divorce was occurring. Isn't that fair? Judge Weller? No. Well, you didn't know Mr. Max's first name and he'd been in front of you for over a year, Sir, because I didn't know his name. Doesn't mean that I was unfamiliar with the divorce. I was very familiar with the divorce. I'm diligent about my job, sir. I review the file before I go to court. Well, I, I think the defense recognized what they had to do to push his buttons. You treated Mr. Mack differently than you did other people who appeared before you.


Didn't you judge? No. And then the defense tried to show just how delusional Darren was With this question. I do apologize, but I have an obligation to Mr. Mack to ask it. You hadn't been sleeping with Charla m had you? No sir. Okay. That would be crazy, right? Objection Judge. There's no evidence to suggest there was any relationship between Judge Weller and, and Charla m No. I've never had my reputation attacked. The way that you're attacking it, sir, it's unfair and it's unwarranted. Well, Hold on now, Your Honor. I'm gonna make a motion. I'm gonna make a motion, your Honor. I'm gonna strike it. Ladies and gentlemen. You'll disregard that statement, judge d Weller.


You know better than that. This isn't a forum for that. I'm sorry, sir. Ask another question. This case shouldn't have turned into family court proceedings involving Judge Weller and other cases. This was about Judge Weller being shot as he stood defenseless in his chambers. Did you think Chuck Weller was fair? Yes. To Darren Mack? Without question. And, And I don't think you just have to take our word for it. I mean, if you watch the videos yourself, particularly the, the, the last time those two are in court, Mr. And Mrs. Mack, I'm sorry that I am going to have to rule in this case. I've said over and over today, and I mean it, that this is a terrible thing. I can only pick one side or the other and one of you has to lose. But Garrett Idol says the tapes don't tell the whole story.


And unless you've been through it, you cannot truly appreciate how it can drive someone to the edge. Looking at the whole system from a, you know, outside in, it almost makes sense almost How Well why should one person have to just completely be bankrupt by a court decision and you know, have to spend all their assets on their ex? It just, it doesn't seem right. So it makes more sense to kill your spouse. No, I, I'm not saying that, but if you're looking Just said it almost makes sense, It almost makes sense.


I mean, looking from the outside in, it almost makes sense. Darren, I'm not advocating murder. No I'm not. But But you're telling me this, that that almost makes sense to you If you look at the system. Sure. But even his number one supporter conceived, you're right. Darren's approach was probably not the best way to bring attention to their cause. What do you think this case has done to your efforts for judicial reform? Well, it did create a huge speed bump. Alicia says that won't stop her fight to try and improve the family court system.


And it definitely won't stop her from fighting for the man she loves. Why are you still standing by his side after learning everything that's been put out there during the course of that trial? You know about the details of how Charla m was slaughtered and you are still there. You're still by his side. Charla m was not slaughtered and I I'm sorry Then There is a difference. I'm between a stab wound and It wasn't just a stab wound. Well, her throat was cut. I've seen the medical examiner's correct And I've seen the pictures as well. You are still there. I am because what I believe in is truth and justice for all.


None of that changes the fact that this man brutally killed the mother of his child. He defended his life.


Do you know about Jerry Lee Lewis wanting to murder Elvis or the hip hop star who cannibalized his roommate? What about the murders? A CDC was blamed for or the suspicious deaths of Brittany Murphy in River Phoenix or about Anthony Bourdain's Wild Lust for life and untimely demise. These stories and more are told in the award-winning Disgrace Land podcast hosted by me Jake Brennan, every Tuesday where I dive deep into subjects from the dark side of music history and entertainment. So follow and listen to disgrace Land on the Free Odyssey app for wherever you get your podcasts.


Smile honey. It's been 16 months since Darren Mack killed his wife. Charla. All I can see in my mind is how my daughter was slaughtered like an animal and she was the mother of his children. 16 long months that Darren says he spent anxiously waiting to tell his side of the story. I did everything I could so that that day wouldn't happen. Now the fun begins in our minds. Now we get to hear Darren Mack hit the stand and try to sell his story. State of the matter versus Darren Mack Record will reflect the presence of Mr. Mack, His family and friends gathered for the first day of the defense's case.


We were gonna get to hug Darren and encourage him because he was going to be testifying. But over the weekend there had been a change of plans. So instead of taking the stand As to count one murder of the first degree, how do you plead Darren took a deal. I'm accepting the guilty plea. It was what we were all just shocked Before I accept your plea, I need to be satisfied that it's freely and voluntarily made. Is it? Yes, He would admit to murdering Charla and in return he would have a better shot of parole. You willfully flon easily and without authority of law stabbed ed into the body of Charla Mac causing her death.


Is that correct? That's correct. And that that was done with premeditation and deliberation, Is that correct? That's correct. What we were being fed is this is what's happening. This is why, and we're trying to save Darren's life. So we gotta take this. We've given him hope. We've given him an opportunity for his family and his kids to feel that he's not gonna be locked away in a max prison forever. I have before me the written plea agreement As part of the plea deal. Darren also admitted there was enough evidence to find him guilty of the attempted murder of Judge Weller. That Shooting at the judiciary is not the proper form of political redress, But in the same breath.


And also I want one other thing I'd like to tell you. He also managed to take a parting shot at Judge Weller by praising Judge Herndon. And I really appreciate your honor's integrity. I have much at stake. It's been a a pleasure to have somebody who really takes their job seriously. And in a private meeting he also thanked the men who were trying to convict him. Robert Dacus and Christopher Lolly And Darren Max shook our hands and thanked us for being professional, for acting like gentleman. What Was that meeting like? It was a little unusual. Doesn't Happen every day. A Bit surreal, But things were about to get even more surreal.


This is breaking news. Just three weeks later, A strange turn of events in the Darren Mack murder case, Darren Mack announced he had fired his attorneys and wanted to withdraw his guilty plea. Darren Mack had buyer's remorse. That's the bottom line. Buyer's remorse. Buyer's Remorse. Whenever you have somebody who basically signs up for spending just about the rest of their life in prison, it's not unusual for them to, to start having second thoughts about that. Darren alleges his attorneys were just in it for the money. It was money until they got the money and that it was take the deal 'cause you have no hope. The high profile attorneys were out and local Reno attorney William Russ was in his first order of business was to try and get Darren a whole new trial.


I think it's been one of the greatest injustices that I have ever seen in the criminal justice system and I've been doing it for 17 years. Russos claims his old attorneys, Chesno and Freeman had coerced Darren into pleading guilty and that Darren had agreed because he was confused, sleep deprived and dehydrated His time set for a hearing on the motion to withdraw Plea. So two months later, judge Herndon hauled everyone back into a Reno courtroom to hear arguments for a new trial. And this time the star witnesses were Darren's former attorneys. They took the stand to defend themselves and the dual strategy of self-defense and insanity, You could bring in any competent expert.


Darren Mack is not insane. It's an absolute joke what they did. You're not competent to argue self-defense if you're insane, But David Chesno explains that it was Darren who insisted on the split defense. Am I correct that Darren Mack is the one that said, I'm not going with an insanity defense on Charlotte. This was self-defense. Yeah, There's no question about that. And you did not think that was a smart thing to do? No, because he came to the garage with a knife and a gun in his pocket By calling his former lawyers to the stand. Darren waived his right to attorney-client privilege. So what he had told them could now be used against him. He Had expressed to you all that he previously thought about having Charla killed?


Yes, and I also had discovery that he had solicited somebody to kill her. There were actually police reports where Darren had solicited an individual in Clark County to kill Charla Mack and a family court judge. Murder for hire. Yes. This was a incredibly difficult case to defend. The damning revelations from chesno kept on coming. Darren had told us that after he stabbed her, he put his knee on her head and she was gurgling when he told that to us. In preparing for his testimony, I got physically ill.


Darren's case continued to unravel as his other former attorney reluctantly takes the stand. This is a horribly disturbing situation I'm in right now. I understand because when I learned something from my client, I'm not telling anybody, But under oath, Scott Freeman is forced to reveal that Darren never mentioned a gun in their initial conversation about what happened in the garage. So the second conversation he had indicated to me that he had meditated on what we had talked about and described to me in fairly significant detail what had occurred in the garage that included this gun. Darren told Freeman that he had thrown the gun into a dumpster, but when Freeman went to look, there was no dumpster and therefore no gun.


I had two concerns. The first concern was that perhaps Mr. Mack was being less than candid with me or alternatively the dumpster had been moved. So I decided to go with the dumpster had been moved as opposed to him being less than candid with me. Your Honor, the defense will call Darren Mack to the standard effect. Darren Mack finally gets his chance on the witness stand. You have this very first meeting with Mr. Freeman and Mr. Chesnoff and you never mentioned a gun, correct? That is correct. You never mentioned a dumpster, correct? That is correct. Is there any evidence to support his claim that she pointed a gun at him?


No. No. None at all. Nothing other than his word. Darren insists he acted in self-defense and was coerced and confused when he took the murder rap That I've been that manipulated and gotten to a place where I actually, they got me to say what I said was so upsetting and horrifying. It was like a psychological rape. I mean, I have a whole new compassion for women who are raped. It's not just the sex that's taken from them, it's their will. And that is like one of the most horrifying things to have your will taken from you. Darren Mack is always the victim in family court. He believes he's the victim in the criminal proceeding.


He thinks he was the victim. You know, Darren Mack is not always the victim. He doesn't get what he wants and then he tries to get himself out of the situation. He finds himself. But you never told your lawyers you were sleep deprived, did you? Yes, I did. You did? Yeah. I, I didn't say it in those words, but I said I wasn't getting much sleep. You never told your lawyers you were heat exhausted, did you? I did not. You never told your lawyers you were dehydrated? I told 'em I was very thirsty After three days of testimony, closing arguments. I think what is abundantly clear from the testimony of Mr. Chesnoff and Mr. Freeman is that they cared about this defendant. They zealously represented him from the very, very beginning And defense attorney William Ruis makes a final plea to get Darren Mack another chance.


The Truth will set you free, not the fear of the truth. And that's what happened here, judge. They were afraid of their own case. They tried to tailor this man to an insanity defense. And he is not insane. Darren is a spoiled brat. Darren is the most selfish person I think I have ever come across in my years of reporting. Even from behind bars. Darren Mack is still trying to get his way. There was his guilty plea. His attempt to withdraw the guilty plea and the firings of his own attorneys is the circus over The circus is closing down.


Now it's out of Darren's hands and up to the judge to decide if he gets a new trial. The defendant wants a do over. I don't think that's fair. I don't think that's, that's just, and I don't think that's right. The motion to withdraw the plea is gonna be denied. It's over for Darren Mack. He now has to face the consequences for his crimes. One month later at his sentencing, both families have a chance to speak. Nobody here has any clue how it feels to know that your father is innocent, but have to look it through, through glass and talk to him on the phone.


Darren's son from his previous marriage begs the judge for leniency. I love him with all my art and he loves me. And I, I cannot imagine going the rest of my life without my dad, my mentor, and my best buddy. I love you dad. Then Charla's family has their turn. Charla Mack was my sister. I thank the court for the opportunity to offer a statement as a victim of the murder of Charla Marie Samsel. I use her birth name because she should no longer be associated with the name Mack.


Let him never again breathe the air of a free man. Let him forever remain caged until the day he dies. May he die in prison. I was one of those lucky mothers to be best friends with my daughter. When the phone rings, I realize it will never again be Charla. Now an indulgent, cowardly man has interrupted our path of growth. This man who thought he knew a better plan, who decided to play God. Darren is also given one last opportunity to speak.


And he does for three hours still insisting he acted in self-defense. What happened was is after she was trying to kill me, we both went to the ground. She then got stabbed. And you gotta understand the state of mind that she's just tried, pulled the trigger on me once we're in a fight for her life, she's trying to pull the trigger again. I just stabbed her. And it was an instinct. I came up. She still had the gun in her hand. I put my knee on her head. That's the truth. I didn't, would've never choreographed the whole damn day. And at one point he even has the audacity to suggest her friend that he is the one suffering.


But the thing you don't, a lot of people don't recognize is I lost a wife too. And even though that this happened, I still love Charla. I just couldn't live with her and I was afraid of her. Her, I don't, I don't even know if there's no words. Okay, Darren. I just wish that that day had never occurred Throughout the course of the entire trial, Darren Mack never uttered the words so many had hoped to hear. There was never a, I am sorry, Charla Mac is dead.


I'm sorry. I shot the judge. And and saying you're sorry is not a magic word. You don't automatically get a certain sentence by expressing sorrow to the court for what you've done. Which leads me to the conclusion, Mr. Mack, that you're not sorry. Judge Herndon sentenced Darren Mack to life in prison. And Mr. Mack, your sentence needs to speak to you for your actions and leave no room for error to the people of this community in this state. The judge then offers advice to the grandmothers who are left to raise the lone survivor of this terrible ordeal. Erica Mack.


Now 10 years old. Hopefully you don't raise an angry and spiteful child who doesn't know who in her family to trust. She needs to be raised with hugs and kisses and not talking bad about each of those people. A child without her mother and now without her father for a great many years is gonna need a whole lot from, from both sides of the aisle. And before Darren is taken away, there is one more voice. And there was a song that she wanted to sing to Darren Charla Maxx. This is a song she recorded after they split. It's played for the entire corporate. So you think you've got it.


Figure it out. Smile honey. What a woman yours most the house. The cousin ring the bank account. It's Christmas Morning Sense security. You weren't even close. Don't lie to me. Do Right Me. Stand beside me when you're feeling weak. Think about who you, Oh my gosh.


Darren Mack will be 83 years old before he is eligible for parole. A jury delivered a settlement against Darren Mack in a wrongful death suit, awarding $560 million to their daughter, Erica.