
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


When you are a small business owner, you don't just wear one hat, you wear all of them. You are a self-starter, a go-getter, A do-it-yourselfer. And when it comes to marketing, constant contacts here to back you from email to social media and events, our digital marketing platform connects you with more customers to grow your business. And with local support, we are with you every step of the way. Constant contact dedicated to small business. Try it free@constantcontact.com.


Like spending, but need to save. Medibank Math can help with eligible Medibank extras. You could save money on things like the dentist physio or a remedial massage savings. You can spend wisely on holidays, salsa lessons, whatever. Plus want access to live better rewards, partner discounts and other Medibank member perks. Search Medibank Math for health cover tips. Get more out of us so you can get more out of yourself. Live better with Medibank waiting periods and annual limits. Apply other Ts and C's apply.


Do you feel like your leads never lead anywhere and you're making content that no one sees and it takes forever to build a campaign? Well, that's why we built HubSpot. It's an AI powered customer platform that builds campaigns for you, tells you which leads are worth knowing and makes writing blogs, creating videos and posting on social a breeze. So now it's easier than ever to be a marketer. Get started at hubspot.com/marketers.


It was a very stressful situation, very emotional at times and an emotional trial from start to finish. It was a very prominent businessman, very successful generally to get in that kind of a position, you, you have a pretty big ego. We had a camera. We started taking photos. He took a few of me. I took some of her Leslie. Mueller took a fall and drowned How that happened.


No one knows except Fred Mueller. You cannot fall that far without serious, serious injuries. It is like it just happened in slow motion in front of me. She falls like she just dove. Fred had a great story. I'm screaming her name, I'm hollering. She's moving with the current. I can't really see where I can get To her. I mean he had details and drama and action. The defendant has asked people to believe what is impossible.


I mean, there were so many inconsistencies in his story. I don't know if they just thought that we were gonna be a bunch of ignorant hicks. There's no proof that someone's gonna murder somebody. They're gonna have a reason. We don't know these 12 people. They don't know us. They don't know my dad. He would've never hurt my mother in any way. During jury selection, we kind of heard that, oh, You know he's got a new wife and it's like, oh aha. She basically rescued me from the pits of despair after Leslie died. I will tell you why I fell in love with Fred. His honesty, his integrity, his trustworthiness.


There are 12 people in a room somewhere deciding my husband's fate. It was incredibly stressful. It's tough. They were there. They stared at us. You know day after day. I think it was a lie. I think Fred Mueller is a master of deception. When I saw that photograph of Fred's face moments before the accident, I told myself he didn't kill her. Just because you don't find something doesn't mean it's not there.


Amid the majestic mountains of Colorado and the landscape surrounding the family vacation house, Leslie Mueller found her sanctuary. It was a beautiful house with some beautiful land around it. Bob Burton knew the molars. He's the former undersheriff here in Hinsdale County. The people in town would talk about her and how excited she was when she was up here and how exuberant and she'd loved to take advantage of everything that was up here. Leslie came here to the town of Lake City each summer to ride horses and at Christmas to ski with Fred, her husband of 27 years and their three children.


Alex entering the Naval Academy. Ariel working for a Dallas bank and Amanda who works in the oil and gas industry. Fred and Leslie had married young. He was 19 and she was 20. A deeply religious woman. She became a pioneering doctor in their hometown of San Angelo, Texas, the first female O-B-G-Y-N in the area. They were very, very affectionate to each other. They were the type of couple that you kind of feel uncomfortable 'cause they're all over each other. Even on the rare occasions they didn't see eye to eye. The disagreements didn't last. Says daughter Ariel. And that's why they had such a great marriage. 'cause they never harbored any grudges against each other.


The Mueller seemed to have it all three successful children, a big home in San Angelo, Texas filled with a lifetime of family memories. And Fred owns a thriving metals business in town. They are a proud family going back generations in the community. But what happened here in the deep mountain woods on May 3rd, 2008 in this creek filled with rushing water changed their lives forever. That Saturday started out happily. It was a wonderful day. We basically spent the whole day, us three together.


They went to church afterwards, Fred and Alex did some work around the house and then Fred and Leslie decided to go for a hike. They were urging me to come along with them. Your Dad too? Yes, both. And they were even pressing me saying, well come on, we'll be fine. We'll see the waterfall. And at that point I was pretty wore out. 'cause I mean I had, I worked all morning and so they decided to just make it a date. That date would soon take a tragic turn. Burden was one of the first law enforcement officers on the scene and Mueller described to him what had happened. You can hear the creak in the distance we're getting closer and closer.


Fred led us right down to the edge of Cottonwood Creek. Beautiful waterfall down here and said he was coming down here with his wife to start taking pictures just to this ledge. Little treacherous here, isn't it? The waterfall in the background was really the point of interest they had in terms of the picture taking that day. And this particular area would've still had some snow on it and potentially ice. This is one of the last photos taken of Leslie Mueller before Fred says A bizarre turn of events was set in motion. He had her kneel just about where you are. She was holding the dog.


Now this is where Fred tells me that as he took the picture, a bird flew by. The blue bird appeared to startle the dog and that as she was getting up, she suddenly started going backwards. Fred described it himself to police the next day when they interviewed him on audio tape, It's like it just happened in slow motion in front of me where she falls just like she just dove and and lands on the rocks right by the water. The one he pointed to was that one, there's a little bit of water coming over the top, right? Pretty big size rock.


Pretty big size rock. She just did a swan dive just like head and shoulders and just slides like mush into the channel. I'm screaming her name, I'm hollering. I don't know what I'm doing. And next thing I know, she's out of sight. Van, I can't really see, right? I can get to her. She's just face down in the water head first going downstream. Leslie's body was found wedged under that tree that you can see behind me that goes across the creek. It's just 50 yards downstream from where Fred said she fell in. Fred says he ran down the mountain trail for help and rescuers trekked up the river eventually finding Leslie's body here.


It appeared to be a terrible, tragic accident. I know she's in a better place and I know that Jesus is with our family and so I had to keep it together for, for my dad, for for my mom still. But the family has had a big problem putting it all behind them because as police scrutinized Fred's story of what happened, they weren't at all sure that it was true. Fred Mueller says all that occurred here was one horrific accident. I say it was not an accident.


I say it was a cold-blooded murder.


Hello. Yeah, that is a lot of space. Whatcha gonna do with it? Make big plans with the Amex Business Gold plus card. It comes with funding solutions to support cashflow. Three points per $1 spent at selected businesses and up to $550 back on selected business spend each year. Amex Business Gold plus just one of our cards for businesses on the grow. That's the powerful backing of American Express enrollment. Required annual threshold teas and season exclusions apply. Benefit ends 31st December, 2026


From the award-winning Masters of Audio Horror. Oh, I see a face right up against the window. Bleach white, no hair, black eyes. A round hole for a mouth. It's flat. Taylor, it's completely flat. I don't know what that is. I don't know what kind of a head is. Flat Comes the return of dark sanctum. Fuck. What is that coming under the door? It's blood. Seven original chilling tales inspired by the Twilight Zone and tales from the crypt. Get back in your car, Lizzie. It's okay. I'm here now. Josh, get in your car. Starring Bethany Joy lens. Clive Standin and Michael O'Neill. Welcome to the dark sanctum. Listen to dark sanctum season two exclusively on Wondery Plus. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify.


When Leslie Mueller's drowned body was found wedged beneath this log in Cottonwood Creek, investigators took Fred Moeller at his word. Initially. We have reason to believe it was an accident, But it wasn't long before Fred's eyewitness account of what happened, raised some troubling questions. Each time we would talk to him, the red flax kept being waived. According to Fred. Leslie fell from that cliff about 20 feet, but somehow didn't land in this rocky area that's about six foot wide. Instead, she somehow landed out on this boulder and was swept away.


He said, I saw her hit with a sickening thud. She was motionless hitting Headfirst body First, shoulder and head. Based on Fred's description. Investigators expected to see major injuries to Leslie's body, but her autopsy only added to the mystery. There was a significant absence of any visible injury to any part of the body who would expect to see broken bones, Which begged the question. Had Leslie really fallen from that cliff burden says the more Fred spoke, I didn't do anything and, and I'm not at all afraid of the truth.


The more his story sounded rehearsed, He hit me as if he was reading from a recited script. He spontaneously said, You know I don't have any reason to kill my wife. I don't have any motive. I don't have a girlfriend. We love each other very much. In fact, he told me they even had sex that day. He was answering a question that hadn't even been asked, Hadn't been asked in advance of that. He just blurted that out. Burden says Fred could suddenly become defensive. Like when he started talking about family insurance policies. We had a a big insurance policy on the two of us. It was strictly for inheritance. So what in the world would it have been a benefit to me for?


The reality is there was no reason for my wife to die that benefited me. Not monetary benefit. There are moments Bur says, when Fred did sound like a man coping with the death of his wife, I've already had the worst, the worst thing I can think of in the world happened to me and I just wanna go home. But it was what burden saw on Fred's face, these scratches that added to his growing belief that a crime had taken place. His explanation was that there were some bushes that probably scratched him. First of all, there weren't a lot of bushes there. And the type of scratches you normally get from bushes are totally inconsistent with the, the marks on his face burden Wondered, could Leslie have scratched Fred's face?


And then this clue, these glasses that turned out to be Fred's found just 15 feet from where Leslie had reportedly fallen. I, at this point, had no ideas whose glasses they were. They were broken. And when an officer asked if he was missing his glasses, Fred turned defensive. Once again. That's bullshit. You know. You're asking me how many times a day did I have sex, but you won't tell me if you found any damn glasses. Well, we did find some glasses. We don't know that they're yours. Is that kind of crap that makes me think that you're not believing a word. I'm telling you just, I'm just sticking my head in a noose. You know I didn't do anything.


It got so combative. At one point on the record, he said, if you didn't have a badge and gun, I'd beat the out of you. That kind of shocked me and he at that point raised maybe he should be getting an attorney. And what Did that suggest To you at that moment? I felt that we had a criminal homicide Burden developed. A theory of what happened on May 3rd, 2008. The scenario that I put together is that when the picture was being taken, what was allegedly the last picture before she fell in, he had gone forward towards her and tried to push Her in. According to burden's theory, Leslie was fighting for her life.


I'm thinking at that point the scuffle continued in which the glasses were ripped off and left pretty much where that rock is. This is when burden believes Leslie scratched Fred. I believe at that moment she was able to break away, gain one, two seconds maybe, and she fled down a path that paralleled the creek Burden speculates that Fred chased after her. He was probably one to two seconds behind her and she ended up jumping into here and just right behind her was the husband. He jumps in too and drowns her in this pool area right below us and takes her body and just lodges it under that tree where the body was found.


What motive would Fred possibly have had to kill his wife In? In many cases, the motive is not as clear as one would hope. What I believe in this case is that he was tired of her. I just, I don't think he hated her. I just believe he was tired of her. Not a very strong motive for murder. and that was one big problem for police, trying to prove their suspicions. Fred's family says there's no motive because there's no murder. There's not a doubt in my mind that he did not kill my mother. It was an accident And police didn't have enough evidence to charge him with a crime.


So they let Fred resume his life for a while. I always tell him that I love him and that things are gonna be okay and that we're gonna be here for him no matter what. Fred Mueller returned to his Texas home to be with his three children just days after his wife Leslie drowned in this Colorado Creek. He may be a big guy, but he's very emotional and very soft hearted. And Fred's daughter, Ariel, He's a big teddy bear You, know he would've never hurt my mom.


He would do anything to make her happy. He would do anything to make us happy. A year passed. Then Fred reconnected with a longtime family friend, Wendy Walker. The two began dating and were married in 2010. There are a number of photographs of Leslie and the kids as they're growing up. She was a lovely person. He loved her very much. He lost her too soon, and that's very, very sad. And it was very hard on him. I saw him in the middle of all of that grief. This is Fred and Wendy's, San Angelo home. Nearly four years had passed since Leslie's death.


Then on February 6th, 2012, family members started getting phone calls. Well, I was still in high school at the time and I was pulled outta class from my principal. I'm not gonna say it's the, it was the worst phone call I'd ever had. 'cause the worst was on May 4th, 2008. It was the second worst phone call I've ever had. The children were stunned to learn. Colorado authorities had arrested their father for the murder of their mom. Fred Moeller was to spend the next year of his life in a Colorado jail awaiting trial. Have any of you ever had a moment of doubt? I've No. No, No.


Never, never. Not for a moment, No. If, if you knew my dad, you wouldn't. You wouldn't doubt either. You wouldn't lie for him. In other words, in this situation, My dad wouldn't lie for himself. He's an honest man and he, if there was, if something else had happened that day, he would've said so Also, you have to understand that, I mean, as much as he's nonviolent, he's also You know. I mean his, probably his second biggest trait is the fact that he doesn't have a nefarious bone in his body. Like he's not the type to spin plots and cover things. Up In January, 2013, Fred's murder trial got underway in Gunnison, Colorado. Best known for having the lowest average temperature in the continental us.


Thank You, your honor. Prosecutor Matthew Durkin Injuries are gonna tell you a story that Leslie Mueller was drowned by her husband, Fred's lead defense attorney Mike DeGuerin. Don't be tricked into the situation where the prosecution says, we really don't know how it happened. You can't guess somebody into the penitentiary in the United States. You can't speculate. You're not to come up with a theory guard against that. For four weeks, the family, including Leslie's parents who support Fred, sat and listened to prosecution witnesses Solemnly swear or affirm, As did jurors.


Betty Haggard, an interior designer, Janine McElvy, a park service supervisor, Brian Turner, another park service employee, and Drew Zimmerman, an electrical engineer. It was one of the toughest things I've ever been involved in. Prosecutors call experts who present a series of video recreations. I've dragged the mannequin back up and we're going to drop it again In that down rushing waters To test whether it was possible for Leslie's body to have traveled down this winding creek to where she was found underneath this fallen tree. I'm going to test how far we can advance that mannequin or if the mannequin will flush.


We obtained the mannequin in the, the summer of oh nine. Investigator Jack Haynes used a mannequin that was the exact height and weight of Leslie Mueller. Each time he would drop it, the mannequin would sink. It didn't go anywhere. Did the mannequin ever float downstream? Never floated, never flushed anywhere. It it, it just would stay at the bottom. Then a woman investigator attempted the same journey. Water rescue expert Andrea Ferris testified to the result. It's not possible for the water to have gotten the body there or to kept the body in that position. A human being had to physically put a body in that position.


But you can observe the water elevation. But the defense presents an expert who says the tests are meaningless because the water levels had changed between the time of the test and when Leslie died in May. Opinions that the, the stream flow of Cottonwood Creek on September 9th oh eight were strikingly smaller by quite a bit than they were on May 3rd, 2008. Another question raised by prosecutors. Fred's motive. They brought in Amy Kovski. Give me a moment because I'm nervous. Kovski, a former friend, testifies that the subject of divorce came up once in conversation with Fred.


He, he said he wouldn't go through a divorce. He wouldn't a allow a woman to dictate when he could or could not see his children. What you want to do is you want to be able to say, well that's not true. You want to be able to defend him and you basically have to just sit there and watch him be attacked. He'd wished he'd met Leslie later in life so that he had got to sow his oats. Jurors weren't sure what to make of that. She was very, very Catholic and probably would not grant a divorce or not even agree to it. So there could have been some type of motive in that. I wasn't presented a motive other than, oh, he was tired of being married when he had neighbors saying they'd see him walk hand in hand.


No motive was huge for me. Dr. Jeff Collina, In their case, the defense brings in Dr. Jeff Collina, a veteran emergency room physician ready his task to explain why after a 20 foot fall, Leslie's body had no major injuries. Collina testified that he treated even more serious accident victims, But they got propelled out of the car window and yet may not have any significant injury based on how they landed or or whatnot. That's very rare I've seen it. Solemnly swear. Or The defense also calls Werner Spitz, a nationally known coroner who has studied Leslie's autopsy report.


What's your opinion as to the manner of death for Dr. Mueller Accident? Yes, I believe it was an accident. Homicide I. do not believe it was a homicide. Janine, what'd you think of Fred's story? As soon as the trial ended, I was pretty firmly convinced that he had some involvement in her death. As the case goes to the jury, the Muellers are struggling to grasp that. It's all come to this. After one tragedy with their mother, they could face a second one with their father. Five years ago it was a tragedy. Leslie passed away the tragedy.


Now the tragedy today is ruthlessly coming after an innocent man and what that's doing, not only to him but to the rest of the family. This has become a second tragedy.


Did You know that after World War ii, the US government quietly brought former Nazi scientists two America in a covert operation to advance military technology or that in the 1950s the US Army conducted a secret experiment by releasing bacteria over San Francisco to test how a biological attack might spread without alerting the public. These might sound like conspiracy theories, but they're not. They're well-documented government operations that have been hidden away in classified files for decades. I'm Luke Lamana, a Marine Corps recon fan and I've always had a thing for digging into the unknown. It's what led me to start my new podcast, redacted Declassified Mysteries. In it, I explore hidden truths and reveal some eye-opening events like covert experiments and secret operations that those in power tried to keep buried. Follow redacted, declassified mysteries with me. Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts to listen ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app


On your next great adventure. Check into Abode Hotels. So this time you can bring the whole family, make yourself at home or go wild, immerse your senses and seize the night. Even If. That means staying in Find a boat. Hotels across the Canberra region and beyond.


As the jury deliberates, the Mueller family retreats into the snowy countryside to the house where they have lived for the past five weeks. We drove out to see them in the midst of a storm. It's been very hard to wait. The minutes go by very slow. Is this like a gilded kid? In some ways this is not where you want be. It's in this house. No matter how nice it is, no matter how beautiful the setting, Yes, we're all anxious to have a decision made and to be able to go home with Fred As the first day turns into the second and then a third with no word.


Tensions are high. It's hard not to start thinking about the worst. It was more difficult than I had ever anticipated it would be. The jurors were struggling too. I wavered back and forth knowing that there was somebody's life in the balance, but yet there was a victim and and wanting to make sure that if we felt the evidence supported it, making sure that she got justice. Obviously there was a debate going on with this jury. 'cause we're into day four and there must be factions on either side and one faction must be trying to convince the other. Are you thinking the same thing? It's, it's not very productive to speculate.


It kind of just drives you crazy. But it seems like that. I think that we have some very strong people that see that Fred is innocent. I don't think they're gonna let an innocent man go to jail for something that he didn't do. Hello? Suddenly Judge Steven. Patrick calls everyone back to court. I have another note from the jury. You could feel the tension. They use both the words impasse and adamant. The jury has hit a wall in its deliberations. There is a great deal of arguing and frustration and There were a couple of times when tempers did flare.


Please rise for the jury. The judge calls them into the courtroom. You may be seated, urging. They give it one more try. Ladies and gentlemen, I understand what you are saying. I'm going to give you one more instruction. Reflect on that and then let us know whether you want to further deliberate or not. It's a weighty decision. We were all over the place. It went from being a stressful situation to an extremely stressful situation. And just a few minutes later, We are deadlocked. I will formally declare a mistrial.


It's over a hung jury. I was a guilty vote up until about the last hour and I changed my vote basically in the last 15 minutes. I want to thank you for your very hard work. What hung up the jury? The lack of a clear explanation of how Fred might have killed Leslie. I would rather let a guilty man go free then sentence, an innocent man. Prosecution did nothing but poke holes in his story. They didn't give us an alternate story. That's where I came up with my not guilty vote. I was pretty firmly convinced that he had some involvement in her death, but I didn't feel I had the evidence in the trial to vote guilty.


The Bailiff has, in the end the vote was 11 to one for acquittal. Drew Zimmerman was the lone holdout for guilty. I think it was a lie. I think it was all a big lie. 'cause none of the evidence supported his statement then that's why I voted the way I did. An outsider looking at this would go, wait a second, drew. 11 people were wrong and you were right. I guess I'm not easily swayed. My mind was made up You know in my, my heart, my mind and my soul. I felt that that he was guilty. Bond will be set at $150,000 cash assurity For the Mueller family.


It's not a victory, but it is a big sigh of relief. I wish that they could have come to a unanimous decision. It would've been more satisfying. I haven't been able to talk to him in person. I've gotten to talk to him through a glass this last three days and that was the closest I've been to him. Being able to talk to him, but while being recorded and knowing that I'm always watched. So it'll be overwhelming. It's overwhelming to think about it. I I can't wait to be able to finally give him a hug after over a year I have, but I've been wearing on my neck and waiting for him to come out so we can put it back on his finger.


Soon Fred Mueller will be set free for the first time in a year. I love you guys, A joyous reunion for the Muellers, but the case is not closed. I asked Mueller's lawyer Mike DeGuerin about the possibility of another trial. Should there be a second trial. I'm gonna give the prosecutor room to decide that on his own. Once we catch the Bob Fred returns to San Angelo. Finally.


It's very difficult. Never been in captivity before, but we'll survive. It's gonna make us stronger. I think it already has. The Mueller's will need every bit of that strength. 10 days after the first trial ended, prosecutors decide they will retry Fred Mueller. And eight months after the first trial in a new venue, the Denver suburb of Broomfield Prosecution to call her first witness, The second trial of Fred Mueller


begins. It was 1983. Power suits and perms were all the rage, nightclubs, pulse with energy and from bedrooms to boardrooms. Cocaine was the drug of choice. One woman was raking in cash to keep that supply chain moving. Her name was Lainey Jacobs. But Lainey had her sight set higher. She dreamed of becoming a Hollywood movie producer. That's how it starts. Before it ends, someone will be shot dead from Wondery and the team behind the hit series, Hollywood and Crime comes a gripping tale of ambition, betrayal, and the dark side of movie making. Follow Hollywood and crime, the Cotton Club murder on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Listen everywhere on December 2nd, or you can binge all episodes early and ad free on Wondery Plus starting November 11th,


Christine Herron was 15 years old in the spring of 1993 when she disappeared. And in over 30 years, there has been no trace of her. I did know before the night was over, she was dead. Though A story of murder and heartbreak and investigative error, He was 90% sure he was gonna be convicted From CBC podcasts. I'm David Ridge and this is someone Knows something. Season nine, the Christine Herron case available now


Eight months after a jury could not reach a verdict. Fred Mueller is back in court once again accused of drowning his wife, Leslie. Five and a half years ago, The man in court, the defendant put her head under the water under a log and left her there to die. The prosecution will not bring to you any evidence of why he would do such a thing or how such a thing would be accomplished. Fred's new attorney, the Evidence in this Case, Pamela Mackey is best known for successfully defending NBA star Kobe Bryant in his 2003 sexual assault trial.


The whole truth and nothing but the truth. Yes, sir, But the prosecution comes out swinging with witness. Justin Sparks. After Fred had unsuccessfully tried to find Leslie in the creek, he ran to Sparks house for help. Sparks discovered Leslie's lifeless body under this log. He would act kind of frantic. One second, and then the next second he would. He was talking to me very nonchalant and normal. It almost felt like he was acting more than being sincere. I just started getting a, a kind of a bad feeling about the whole situation. Mr. Burden, I'm handing you what's been marked, But then for the defense, Mackey cross examinees other prosecution witnesses vigorously.


Did you take a GPS measurement of where it was? No. Including former undersheriff Bob Burden, Mackey attacks, burden's investigation, portraying it as a shoddy mistake filled mess. Mr. Burden, would you please answer my question? Did anyone take a yardstick and place it in the river to measure the level? If you're asking me, then I can say no as to what other people did that I did or did not observe. I cannot testify to that. In an attempt to suggest a motive that Fred had a wandering eye, the prosecution calls up Jeanie Barnes, Fred's former assistant.


She testifies that Fred was coming onto her. Do you remember these texts from the defendant and phone calls from the defendant caused a strain in your marriage? Yes, But under pointed cross examination, Barnes takes on a very reluctant tone. Did you ever have an affair with Fred Mueller? No, I did not. Did he ever ask you for any sexual favors? No, he did not. Did he ever approach you in a sexual way at any time? No. He did not. Fair to say, Ms. Barnes, the investigators that you've talked to have tried to make you into the other woman in Fred's life.


I feel that, but you weren't the other woman in his life, were you? No. Water weighs the same whether it's in your body or out of the body. So, and as she did in the first trial, water rescue expert, Andrea nefarious testifies that Leslie Mueller's drowning was no accident. Dr. Moeller could not have gotten from the alleged fall site to the log site. So Mackey aggressively rebukes her. I can't imagine how she got in the water in the first place from that, that cliff. Well, there you go again. Volunteering information to help the Prosecution. I can Mr. Ferris, excuse me. Excuse me.


Please answer my question. So I do not know where she drowns. Mr. Durkin will be happy to get up here and let you talk all you want. Okay? But for right now, the rules are, I asked the questions. Okay, you give me the answers. Okay. You know that what the defendant said happened on May 3rd is unreliable. After a seven day trial testimony from more than 30 witnesses, closing arguments begin. You know what he said is impossible. Prosecutor Matt Durkin says, the proof of Fred's lies You know can be found on Leslie Mueller's body And he can't sell to you.


That she went through a gauntlet of 130 feet of Cottonwood Creek and was found in what has been described as a pristine condition. And as for those scratches on Fred's face, The defendant can't tell you what happened to his face. He gives you three different explanations. He says he wrestled with a bush. He then says that it was perhaps when he was climbing out of the creek and then guesses in March of 2009, well, maybe just, maybe I self mutilated myself again. Impossible.


Right? And finally, Durkin argues Fred's behavior that day points to guilt. As everyone ran to save Dr. Mueller's life. As everyone ran to save a woman they had never even met or known the defendant was running away because he knew she was dead. The defendant didn't run away from an accident. The defendant ran away from a murder. We ask you to find the defendant guilty, Then it's Pamela Mackey's turn. What the prosecution has done is to take the statement of a man who has just experienced the most horrific event of his life, seeing his wife fall and being swept downstream.


And for the next five years they have put that statement under a microscope and picked it apart. Mackey suggests it's the prosecution story that shouldn't be believed. What evidence, hard physical evidence do they bring to you of how Fred Mueller supposedly caused the death of his wife? What evidence have they brought to you that he drowned her? Not theory, not speculation, but hard evidence. Certainly no evidence that he went from this to a homicidal maniac.


What's the story? They, they haven't told you one. And if Leslie had fought for her life, wouldn't her body have shown evidence of a struggle? There are no injuries consistent with a murder caused by drowning. There's no injuries to her neck, her shoulders, her back indicating that she was held down. Now, what the prosecution relies on is a, is a dissection of Mr. Mueller's description of the events. Is that fair? Is that the quantum of proof upon which to convict a man of murder? Mackey says there is a reason why some of Fred's story is confusing and that The human brain, the human memory, doesn't work like a video camera, particularly in situations that are traumatic and stressful.


And so I ask you at long last, after five long years to lift the pain and anguish from Fred Mueller from his family, I ask you to return the only just verdict in this case, a verdict of not guilty After the jury deliberates 12 hours over two days, the judge comes back with a stunning announcement. Ladies and gentlemen, you have sent me a what I will will consider to be a final note indicating that you are essentially hopelessly deadlocked and do not believe that you can reach a verdict.


Mr. Foreperson, is that correct? That is correct, your Honor. Okay. Fred Can't believe what he just heard. Okay, I'll declare the jury deadlock. We'll declare a mistrial in the case. It's happened again. A hung jury. He tries to control his emotions. Rule 29 Motion, but is overwhelmed now Or no? We'll do that. We're gonna set a date fairly quickly. Okay. The news seems to knock the wind out of Wendy. When do you wanna Get the jury split? Eight Guilty. Four. Not guilty, but Fred Mueller's recurring nightmare wasn't over now he could face a third trial for the murder of his wife, Leslie.


Just two months later, a stunning announcement from the prosecution with no new evidence to present. They felt that a unanimous verdict was unlikely, so there would be no third trial, no chance for a conviction, but no chance for vindication either. The Mueller's told us they were sorely disappointed Fred didn't get the full acquittal. They say he deserves, but they're grateful the case has been dismissed so they can resume their lives.


If you like this podcast, you can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at wondery.com/survey.


Did You know that after World War ii, the US government quietly brought former Nazi scientists to America in a covert operation to advance military technology, or that in the 1950s, the US Army conducted a secret experiment by releasing bacteria over San Francisco to test how a biological attack might spread without alerting the public. These might sound like conspiracy theories, but they're not. They're well-documented government operations that have been hidden away in classified files for decades. I'm Luke Lamana, a Marine Corps recon fan, and I've always had a thing for digging into the unknown. It's what led me to start my new podcast, redacted Declassified Mysteries. In it, I explore hidden truths and reveal some eye-opening events like covert experiments and secret operations that those in power tried to keep buried, follow redacted, declassified mysteries with me. Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts to listen ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app.


You don't believe in ghosts? I get it. Lots of people don't. I didn't either until I came face to face with them. Ever since that moment, hauntings spirits and the unexplained have consumed my entire life. I'm Nadine Bailey. I've been a ghost tour guide for the past 20 years. I've taken people along with me into the shadows, uncovering the macabre tails that linger in the darkness and inside some of the most haunted houses, hospitals, prisons, and more. Join me every week on my podcast Haunted Canada as we journey through terrifying and bone chilling stories of the unexplained search for haunted Canada. On Apple Podcast, Spotify, Amazon Music, or wherever you find your favorite podcasts


In the Pacific Ocean. Halfway between Peru and New Zealand lies a tiny volcanic island. It's a little known British territory called Pitcan, and it harbored a deep, dark scandal. The wouldn't be a girl on Pitcan once they reached the age of 10, that was still a virgin. It just happens to all. I'm journalist Luke Jones and for almost two years I've been investigating a shocking story that has left deep scars on generations of women and girls from Pitcan. When There's nobody watching, nobody going to report it, people will get away with what they can get away With. In the Pitcan Trials, I'll be uncovering a story of abuse and the fight for justice that has brought a unique lonely Pacific Island to the brink of extinction. Listen to the Pitcan Trials exclusively on Wondery Plus, join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify.