
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app.


today I have found such a beautiful community in California. I have fallen in love with the people and the nature and the culture, and I just can't wait to get back there in the fall. But this time as I'm planning my next trip to la, I don't wanna just leave my place unused when I could easily be making extra money and just Airbnb my home while I'm away. I am an avid user of Airbnb and I'm excited to try out the hosting side of it. So for the next trip, you plan, just remember that while you're away, your home could be an Airbnb and it might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at airbnb.ca/host


New CBS Saturday. A former state trooper's wife found dead in her bathtub. It was a gunshot, but was it a coverup for murder? Dan thought he was smart enough to trick everybody. The packed duffle bag, wet towels, it looks odd. A new 48 hours. Saturday at ten nine Central on CBS and streaming on Paramount plus


Brenda. Schafer was a sweet, trusting young woman. She Had no enemies. All she had was French. Then she met Mel Ito successful, established. She really lavished her with gifts, But he was the one person she never should have trusted. These were not last words to her, so please don't see him. I'm afraid This monster somehow got control of Her. What he did to Brenda was unthinkable. We don't come across evil very much in our lives. Pure evil, and he's evil. He even admits killing her, but he'll never serve a day in prison for it. We The jury, find the defendant not guilty. Brenda's family was stunned by the verdict.


Everybody was in shock. Oh, just like a thunderbolt. People couldn't believe it. Writer Bob Hill was so outraged. He wrote a book about the case, Pete, what He did. The fact he's got away with it. All this stuff, But prosecutors will not give up. Will there be justice for Brenda? We were outwitted by a psychopath, a 48 hours mystery. Double Jeopardy. America's criminal justice system is generally considered to be the finest and fairest in the world.


But is it possible that the very system we depend on to protect us can in some cases prevent justice from being served? For years, a confessed killer walked the streets openly. In Louisville Kentucky, everyone knows he committed a vicious, premeditated murder, but he will never spend a day in prison for it because as Aaron Moriarty explains, now this human predator beat the system. There is no mystery about who killed Brenda Schafer.


Everyone in Louisville, Kentucky knows that this man Malto did it. The mystery is why Ito remained a free man. It is a question that has consumed Ryder. Bob Hill, The guy got away with murder, absolutely got away with murder. 13 years later, he is still walking around, getting away with murder. The night he was acquitted was like, where were you when Kennedy was shot? I mean, it was just a, the whole community was outraged about the whole thing. They could not understand how this man was free And still so outraged. That hill, a newspaper columnist for 26 years sat down and wrote a book about it. Double Jeopardy. It's a tragic tale filled with more twists and turns than the country roads of his home state.


It all started on a Saturday night, September 24th, 1988, when 36-year-old Brenda Schafer disappeared without a trace. Her car was found abandoned less than half a mile from where she lived with her mom and dad. My mother called me, says Brenda and home yet, and that's not like Brenda. We knew, I don't think our mother believed it, but we knew that She was dead right away. Brenda's brothers Tom and Mike feared the worst. So did her best friend Joyce Basham. I knew She was dead. You knew that right Away. I knew that right away. That's the only thing he hadn't done to her. And he had such an obsession with her.


He wasn't going to let her go. He was Malto. The man Brenda had dated for two years before she disappeared. She told Joy She was going to break off the relationship early the next morning, the Schafer's gathered at the family home waiting for some word Of all the contemptible, detestable things Ito ever did. He came over here to the Schafer family, just totally distraught, held hands around the table and cried and prayed with him. Only hours after murdering Brenda Schafer, He showed up and he started acting really strange. He would pretend to cry, but there were weren't any tears. Linda Love was Tom's girlfriend, and They were praying and crying and I was observing Mel, and it was just You know.


There were no tears. There was no emotion. It was a show he put on. He did. We did a lot of things for show, and the show was important to him. And this was the show. My God, we've lost Brenda. Where is she? At one point, I think he even said he's afraid he'd never see her again. He got the family upset by saying he'd never see her again, that she may never come home again. Hell, he just murdered her. Igna claimed he had last seen Brenda at 11 the night before when she left his house to drive home, but the family didn't buy his story and went straight to the Jefferson County police. Detective Jim Wesley is in charge of the violent crimes unit From day one. When I was assigned this case, I truly, truly wanted to help these people.


So what did you think? At first I knew the next person I needed to talk to was Mel. He met gna, talked to ign, and IGN came on and ign liked fashion, very unc, anxious, very, he's calling him by his first name. He was calling me Jim, and he was saying, Jim, like you're my buddy Jim. And I'm saying to myself, I'm not this man's buddy. And this man has done something just From meeting him the first day, Just the first experience sitting at the kitchen table and melano on a piece of paper giving us the whole list of the day's events leading up to her disappearance.


What do you mean? He was providing his own alibi? Not a concocted. This tale that was so convoluted that it actually took about a month to trace all those things down. So the police were out searching neighborhoods where Ido said he, he'd done things or saw things. They were interviewing people that didn't exist. The thrill he got from leading us on so long is that he felt he had done the perfect crime and he was never going to be caught. Coming up Malig, NATO turns out to be no ordinary criminal. How did a wholesome hometown girl like Brenda Schafer get caught in his web will explain that next.


Brenda Schafer was truly a hometown girl. She was born and raised in St. Matthews. A small Louisville community author Bob Hill knows well, she never really left. It never went very far from this community at all. Did she? In fact, She was living at home when She was murdered. She was come back to take care of her mom and to deal with mom and and dad and and the family. She never quite got away. Mom and dad treated her more as a baby, longer than the rest of us, especially mom. That was her little girl. And that's the last one and the youngest one. And you try to hang onto 'em that way as long as you can To Tom and Mike Schafer. Brenda was the baby sister. They always protected to Joyce Basham.


She was the close friend who worked with her in a local doctor's office. I knew her for 12 or 13 years. She had no flaws. She had no enemies. All she had was friends. She got along with everyone. I the elderly, the babies, everybody. She sounds like a lovable person. She was You. know there was times when she would leave work and, and we're talking about You know late eight, nine o'clock at night and that she may go buy the home, a patient's home and take care of her. For some reason, Brenda was a churchgoing Catholic girl who began dating Mel in 1986.


She was 34 years old. Igna at 48 was 14 years older. She's a beautiful woman with a lot going for her. And yet this monster somehow got control of her and hung onto her. We don't come across evil very much in our lives. Pure evil and he's evil. But Malig was the image of success. A salesman who drove a Corvette owned a 32 foot pleasure boat and lived in an affluent section of town. He made a good living as a salesman. The people I've spoken with that liked him, that trusted him, You know They thought he was a pretty good guy. But when Brenda introduced Mel to friends and family, everyone's initial reaction was skepticism.


Yeah, he, he was a work of art. I tell you this guy, he told such outlandish lies and stories to impress people and no one believed him. He would go to China to buy merchandise for the company that he worked for, but while he was there, he worked for the CIA. He would tell her that, oh yes, You know. I mean, who's gonna believe this? Right? Linda Love was the girlfriend of Brenda's brother Tom. Tom and I basically both had the same opinion that he was just extremely obnoxious and really couldn't believe that Brenda was dating, dating him.


So what attracted Brenda to Mel? I don't think there really was an attraction. I think that he just saw her and thought, I want her. And Brenda could be awfully assertive and put her foot down with men, but she just couldn't handle Igna. But Brenda's brothers didn't know the worst of it. Malign fits one of the most chilling criminal profiles known to the FBIA rare breed known as the criminal sexual sadist. So sexual sadist is a person who is aroused by the suffering of another. I refer to him as the great white sharks of the sexual predators. At the time of Brenda's disappearance, Roy Hazelwood was an investigator with the FBI's Behavioral Sciences Unit and a leading authority on sexually deviant criminals.


Louisville authorities called in Hazelwood for help in better understanding their lead suspect. The sexual sadist believes that all women are evil and to prove that hypothesis, they don't date alcoholics or drug abusers or prostitutes in most instances. To prove that hypothesis, they date nice middle class women. Then he attempts to seduce and he uses the same techniques that men and women have used since time began. Retention, affection, gifts. He really lavished her with gifts and stories.


Here's a man who had things that on the surface looked pretty good. Were he comfortable? Then he begins to reshape sexual norms of the person and is not something that he says, okay, I want you to do this now. It's something. It is very, very gradual. He takes her just beyond what she's done in the past. She was really into sodomy and and things. And these are not things that Brenda was You know, drawn to and really concerned her. And she talked to me about it. Then he begins to socially isolate her because he doesn't want her sharing this with other people. He wouldn't allow even me to talk to her if we were out You know in a group because he would just totally demand her full attention No matter where she went.


There he was and called constantly to harass her, whether it be at work or at home. Now she's doing all of these things and you remember I told you earlier that they believe women are evil. She's doing all of these things. And he says, no decent woman would do these things. So I was right and she needs to be punished. She had told me some really strange things, and one was that She was sleeping and she felt someone standing over her. And when she woke up, it was Mel and he was holding a cloth to her face.


And of course she got very upset and it was a cloth with chloroform. And he said that he was trying to help her sleep. And she said, but I was asleep. Didn't She have friends who said, Brenda, you gotta get out of this. All her friends said, Brenda, you gotta get out of this. We talked for months to try to get her to leave. That was real hard for her to do. You don't break up with someone like Melik. Nto Melly. Nto breaks up with you, but you don't break up with Mel. And I think he made up his mind to kill her. And so he decided to make it as enjoyable as possible to him in the way he killed her.


I begged her not to see him and my, I told her, I said, these were my last words to her. I said, please don't see him, I'm afraid. I said, I'm afraid I'll read about you in the paper. That's the last time I talked to her. Coming up Brenda Schafer finally summons the courage to get rid of malign nado, but Ido had already devised his own violent scheme to dispose of Brenda.


I've been spending more time in California lately, and I just love it there. Literally every time I'm there, it just feels like that song. I think I like this little life and I can't wait to get back there to my friends and the community that I've built. I'm hoping to get back in the fall, but every time I visit LA I've realized I could easily be making some extra money if I just Airbnb my home while I'm away. I always love staying in Airbnbs when I'm away. So I can just settle into a good routine and I'm excited to host people in my home too. Whether you have extra space in your home or you're looking to make some extra money while you travel somewhere fun, your home might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at airbnb.ca/host


Are you in trouble with? The law need a lawyer who will fight like hell to keep you outta jail. We Defend and we fight just like you'd want your own children. D defended, whether you're facing a drug charge, caught up on a murder wrap, accused of committing war crimes, look no further than Paul Berggren. All the big Guys go to Bergen 'cause he gets everybody off. You name it Paul can do it. Need to launder some money. Broker a deal with a drug cartel. Take out a witness


from wondering the makers of Doctor death. And over my dead body comes a new series about a lawyer who broke all the rules. Isn't it funny how witnesses disappear or how evidence doesn't show up or somebody doesn't testify correctly In order to win at all costs? If Paul asked you to do something, it wasn't a request, it was an Order. I'm your host, Brandon Jinx Jenkins. Follow Criminal Attorney on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to Criminal Attorney early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts


Around Louisville Kentucky. The investigation into Brenda Schaeffer's disappearance was growing by the day authorities from the county state and even the FBI were now on the case. And yet Malig nato, the leading suspect, appeared confident he would never get caught. Lead investigator Jim Wesley, He was coined to having the igna smirk. What's that? It's his smile that he shows for everyone. Mel has never come off his high horse. You believed at that point Mel had killed Brenda? Yes I did. But you had no body. No. Had no physical evidence at all.


So Brenda's brother Tom offered to help come up with some evidence, wired with an FBI microphone. He met Ido for dinner hoping IDO would slip and give a clue about what happened to Brenda. But Ido had something else he wanted to discuss While we're sitting there. He produced a a sheet of paper about that long and it had everything that Brenda had owned. Stocks, certificates, car, everything. Everything she owned right there. What was the point? He's sitting across from me and he says, if she isn't found, she would want me to have this stuff. He wanted the most valuable items, including the insurance on the jewelry that he had stolen off of her body.


One of the FBI's guys told Tom later, it's the one you didn't kill him right there, just come across the table and just kill him. I think I wanted to get him so bad that I was willing to put up with anything just to, just to get anything out of him. Nine months after the murder in the summer of 1989, ITO seemed to be flaunting the fact that he was untouchable seldom shying away from the cameras that followed him. He loved the notoriety, he loved the media and the press. So US attorneys, Scott Cox, devised a plan to use Ito's own thirst for positive publicity against him.


I told his attorney it would be a good idea for him because he could get on the courthouse steps and tell the public that he had volunteered to come down and given his side of it and it would really help him in the whole public relations battle. Was that really your intention to help Mel Ito? Of course not. It was just a, a lure. Cox asked Ito to voluntarily testify before a federal grand jury to clear his name and Ito went for the bait hook line and sinker fully aware that if he slipped, authorities could use any incriminating statements against him. He volunteered to testify before a federal grand jury, which is just nuts. Why did he do on a legal level, just his ego and his arrogance and who he is?


The move came as no surprise to FBI. Behavioral expert Roy Hazelwood. Yes, I call narcissism the Achilles heel of the sexual offender. They think they are so superior to society in general and law enforcement in particular that yeah, I know they're gonna be attracted to me, but that's gonna be kind of exciting. He'd bluffed the police and the FBI and now he was going to bluff a federal grand jury On October 16th, 1989. Malig testified for four hours under oath in a seal grand jury room. As expected he denied killing Brenda Schaeffer or knowing her whereabouts. But Ito did give prosecutors a piece of information they didn't have.


Ito mentioned he was dating an old girlfriend by the name of Maryanne Shore. Maryanne Shore was a, a former paramore of Mel ITOs. Mel knew he could manipulate her and he, I'm sure he felt he had no better and accomplice than Maryanne shore. Investigators were convinced Mary Ann Shore knew what happened to Brenda and if he couldn't get ign to crack, maybe Detective Wesley would have better luck taking on Mary Ann. Sure, I got loud and I, I just told her, I said, I said Maryanne, I said, Brenda was beautiful and Mel loved her and he killed her.


And I told her, I said, you're fat and you're ugly and he's going to kill you too. You're a dead woman. I'm thinking she's gonna tell me the truth now. But then she raised her head and she said, I've got nothing to say. So they called Maryanne in to testify before a federal grand jury. Cox is thinking there's something here with Maryanne Shaw You know she's the key to this thing. She said she'd seen Brenda one time and she described how she looked and how She was dressed on the one occasion when she had seen her. And then later on during the interrogation, I asked her another question about Brenda and her looks and she said, you mean the last time I saw her? And I said, what do you mean the last time you saw her?


You told us 10 minutes ago, you've only seen her one time. And she basically got up and fled the grand jury and She Ran out. She just stood up and took off. She just flipped. She couldn't deal with that. 'cause the last time she seen her was during her murder. So at that point you start calling her lawyer Every day To tell him What that we're gonna solve this case eventually, there's no question she's involved in it based on her reaction in the grand jury. And this was his opportunity to potentially save her from getting the death penalty someday. And finally he came in and said, okay, what if she knows where the body is? What if I know where the body is and the whole room just after 13 months? My God, she knows where the body is.


Investigators finally have a witness soon, a body and even the lead suspect under arrest, but somehow Malig would still get the upper hand that's next As the prime suspect in the murder of Brenda Schaeffer. Mel Ito has bluffed smirked and lied his way through more than a year of police interrogations and searches, even though nearly everyone involved with the case believes he is the killer.


There is no hard evidence. But then finally, ITO slips up in grand jury testimony. He mentions another woman, Maryanne s Sure, who quickly finds herself being pressured by detectives and questioned in front of the same grand jury when she finally admits she knows where Brenda Schaeffer's body is. It looks like the game is finally up for Mel Ito. But as Aaron Moriarty tells us, and this story vividly illustrates appearances can be deceiving, It really was a great feeling to arrest this man.


Louisville. Detective Jim Wesley had waited for this moment for 16 months. I was the one who put the cuffs on him and in true male form, once again, I was his buddy Jim, right up to the point when I locked him up, it was my buddy Jim Metos, former girlfriend Mary Ann Shore cut a deal with prosecutors and told what really happened to Brenda Schaefer the night she disappeared. The details were more horrifying than anyone had imagined. It began here in the house. Mary Ann Shore was renting on a busy Louisville Street, US attorney Scott Cox. He had a legal pad where he had written down a list of all the things he wanted to do to her prior to killing her and all the tools and ropes and things that he would need.


They scream tested that house. What do you Mean scream test? He had Maryanne scream inside the house at a, at the top of her lungs and he went out to the street to see if he could hear, because he knew when he got Brenda in the house, he didn't want the neighbors to hear scream, Malign, methodically and cruelly planned this night of terror. He got Brenda here by convincing her he wanted her to meet an old friend of his. That's what got her in the house. And they locked the doors and he, he told her he She was there actually for a sex therapy class. They forced her to disrobe. They took pictures of her. They tied her to a table. He raped her. She was subjected to an evening of there, which is no doubt in my mind, was pure torture.


He, He took everything away from her, her dignity. He did everything. There was nothing left of Brenda. It went on for hours. Inside this house, Maryanne Shore admitted she took part in the horrific abuse, but claimed She was not in the room for the actual murder. Maryanne said she left the room when Ito actually murdered her and he had a bottle of chloroform and he put chloroform over her mouth until she couldn't breathe anymore. In terms of viciousness of crimes, where would you put this? At the very top, how much more vicious can you get to plan a murder? To confine a young woman in a house to torture her, to kill her, and to bury her to where her family has no idea where she is for 16 months?


There's nothing more vicious than that. In the dark woods behind the house, Malig, NATO and Maryanne Shore buried Brenda's body in a grave. They dug weeks in advance. On January 10th, 1989, the agonizing search for Brenda Schafer would come to an end To see a small bag come up from the ground. I remember standing there and agreeing with everyone else saying, how could a body be in that bag? He tied her up in a very neat bundle, perfect knot. He learned somewhere along the way, this neat little bundle of dead person.


I Think they found her 16 months after She was killed. Six months after that, our mother died and seven months after that, our father died. So he murdered all three of them. My thoughts were with the Schaffer family. My thoughts were how well this is going to come out in trial. I was already thinking about that. I was thinking this, this guy's going to death row. But it was another two long years before Malta would go to trial and then it wouldn't take place in Louisville. Intense pretrial publicity forced to change a venue to Covington Kentucky, a small community that knew nothing about the case and wasn't used to the style of the man who would prosecute it.


Ernie. Jasmine. How would you describe Malig? Well, prosecutors sometimes have a term which they call a sock sucking scumbag. Jasmine was confident he had enough circumstantial evidence to convict Ito of first degree murder. You have to make sure the pieces that you're putting together are absolutely unequivocally perfectly Fitted. And did you think you could do that in this case? I didn't think I could. I did it. But Jasmine was up against a skillful defense attorney named Charlie Ricketts. Ricketts says he believed Malta was innocent. One of the few in Louisville who did?


Did you ask him early on point blank? Did you have anything to do with Brenda's disappearance? You Bet I did. Did you ever ask him that again? Continually. Each time he denied it. You believe Charlie Ricketts when he says, I really thought he was innocent. I take it you don't. No one was duped by Melano. You really believed it? Absolutely. What did you think had happened to Brenda? She had disappeared for a year and a half. We all wish we knew what had happened to Brenda. That was the one reoccurring theme that Malto kept sounding. Find my sweetheart. On December 9th, 1991, the state of Kentucky put malto on trial for murder won.


I thought they had this thing won. They had the woman who was there when it happened. How could they lose Maryanne Shore now with a dramatically different look, was the prosecution's star witness with no physical evidence linking Ito to Brenda's murder Shore's Testimony was crucial, but no one ever anticipated just how badly shed testified. She Was a terrible witness. She was poorly prepared. She wore a short skirt that was hiked up to here. He kept telling her She was here for a sex therapy class, that she needed to have this because she just was very code natured and he needed that sex. S sure testified that she not only participated in the sexual torture, she also told the court she took pictures of it, but the incriminating photos could not be found.


Ito's attorney suggested a jealous Maryanne shore had killed Brenda Schaefer herself. Your testimony, Ms. Shore, today is the difference between your life and your death, isn't it? Yes. And Ricketts used her appearance, her dress, her demeanor, her whole story against her saying She was capable of doing this. She was a strong woman. She was a jealous woman. She was upset because Brenda Schaeffer had taken ano away from her. She wanted revenge. And if I can't have Malto says Mary, unsure, nobody's gonna have Malto. But the prosecution still had one piece of heavy ammunition left a tape recording of a conversation between Malig and Mary Ann Shore before Ido was arrested.


The FBI had wired shore while the two discussed what they do. If this overgrown lot where Brenda was buried was sold to developers And don't get rattled, I don't give a, she tells you they're going dig eight feet down the whole damn length of the property. Okay, don't get rattled. Yeah. Then what are you gonna do when they go back? Will you let me handle it? He never really mentioned the act of murder or disposing the body, but he certainly made incriminating statements that I thought would sway a jury. I failed to understand how you could reach any conclusion other than this dude is covering up this heinous act which he has committed.


Imagine you're walking through the park one day and you see a suspicious backpack sitting underneath a bench. You report it to the police, and upon investigating, they discover two live pipe bombs inside you rush to clear the area before they explode, saving countless lives and preventing injury. Everyone declares you a hero for a fleeting moment until everything changes and you are declared the prime suspect. This was the story of security guard Richard Jewel. After the Centennial Park bombing killed one person and wounded more than 100 public pressure and a media witch hunt pushed a desperate FBI to find a suspect. Despite obvious holes in the case and unethical tactics used by the FBI, security guard Richard Jewel was under pressure to confess. I'm Aaron Habel. And I'm Justin Evans. Join us as we explore the aftermath of the 1996 Centennial Olympic Park bombing in the newest season of our podcast, generation Y, the Olympic Park bombing follow Generation y on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to Generation Y ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus


In the Pacific Ocean. Halfway between Peru and New Zealand lies a tiny volcanic island. It's a little known British territory called Pitcan, and it harbored a deep, dark scandal. There wouldn't be a girl on Pitcan once they reached the age of 10. That was still a virgin. It just happens to all. I'm journalist Luke Jones and for almost two years I've been investigating a shocking story that has left deep scars on generations of women and girls from Pitcan. When There's nobody watching, nobody going to report it, people will get away with what they can get away With. In the Pitcan Trials, I'll be uncovering a story of abuse and the fight for justice that has brought a unique lonely Pacific Island to the brink of extinction. Listen to the Pitcan Trials exclusively on Wondery Plus. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Apple Podcasts or Spotify.


I don't give a, she tells you they're going dig eight feet down the whole damn length of the property. Okay, How could you listen to that tape and not think that Mel was involved? There's 12 people in Northern Kentucky that listen to that tape and St came to the same conclusion. Greg Lauff was one of those 12 people for him and his fellow jurors. The importance of the tape all came down to one word sight or was it safe? Not shallow, but that place we got was not shallow. So don't let it get you rattled beside that one area right by where that site is, does not have any trees back.


There was one key word I believe it was safe Or sight. Or sight. We, we listened to that many, many, many, many times and collectively as a group, we could not decide on what word that really was. That one area right by where that site is, does not have any trees back. Why the hell would jab bury a safe behind Marianne Shor's house? But that's what they said, that he, Rick has convinced the jury it might have been a safe back there and the jurors never thought, well what? What's the safe got to do with anything? We're talking about a body here Besides investigators never found a safe buried anywhere on the property. You have a guilty man, ladies and gentlemen.


I'm just asking, please don't let him go Right before the verdict. What were you feeling? It is no way under the sun that he's gonna walk out of here In just a little more than two hours. The jury announced they had reached a verdict. I was very hopeful and always had great faith that the correct verdict would be returned. I was doing a lot of praying. They're reading the Bible a lot and I was just placing my trust in the Lord. Jury's verdict is as follows, under instruction. Number one, we the jury find the defendant, Melvin Henry Ito, not guilty under instruction. Number one, First count, not guilty.


That just dropped. And then I thought, no, Tom, there's more counts. It'll be all right. Second count, not guilty. It's a feeling that I've never had before and I hope I never have again. I could see it in everybody else's faces too. Everybody prosecution team, they were just in shock. Everybody was in shock. I'm still in shock. I I just went numb. Did you get a Look at Malig Nado? He just did the famous smirk like, well, I got away with it. You know who the most astonished people. I won't say surprised, I said astonished in the courtroom at the verdict.


Was Charlie and his client Relieved more than anybody could ever know And the perpetrator is walking out of court. How would anyone feel? Oh, it feels great. I think it's the greatest Christmas present I've ever had. It was just too much for the community to handle. Well, it was just like a thunderbolt. I mean people couldn't believe it. The Igna acquittal meant that only one person would be going to jail for the murder of Brenda Schafer. and that was Maryanne Sho. As part of her deal with the prosecutors, she pled guilty to a lesser charge of evidence. Tampering. Your Honor, I Realized the involvement in this whole situation was wrong.


A big murder. She served a couple years, ironically. Matter walks and she gets a couple years in jail. The little devil did the time and the big devil walked Up. Next six months after Iada walks out a free man, this man makes a startling discovery proving once and for all Iada was guilty. What he found and where when we come back


At a time when we're debating where policing is going, we're gonna tell you where the police came from. They wanted me to write about the New York City Police Department, but without using the words violence or corruption, which is effectively impossible, A story of how the largest and most influential police department in the country became one of the most violent and corrupt organizations in the world. It doesn't matter if you're You know a self emancipated law person or if you're a free or they're just sending people back to the south, kidnapping them. When officers with the power to fight, the danger become the danger. I was terrified. I'm not gonna talk to the police 'cause they're the ones who were perpetrating this. Who am I gonna talk to From Wondery and Crooked Media? I'm Ura Kika and this is Empire City, the untold origin story of the NYPD. Follow Empire City on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts, you can listen early and ad free on Wondery Plus. Right now, join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts.


When 60 Minutes premiered in September, 1968, there was nothing like it. This is 60 Minutes. It's a kind of a magazine for television. Very few have been given access to the treasures in our archives. You Rolling? But that's all about to change Like none of this stuff gets looked at. That's what's incredible. I'm Seth Doh of CBS News. Listen to 60 Minutes a second. Look ad free on Wondery Plus in the Wondery app.


The jury had spoken Malig. NATO was a free man and anxious to tell anyone who would listen that he was also an innocent one. This interview aired shortly after the verdict. Well, I, I think that in a case like this, as complex as it is, I think there are always gonna be people who will feel that I'm guilty. There will always be people who feel that I'm innocent. The Kenton County jury handed down the decision of not guilty, and of course I'm very pleased with that. As author Bob Hill vividly remembers it was a terrible defeat for federal and state authorities. But if they couldn't get Ito on murder, they would try to prove he lied before the Federal grand Jury and at least convict him of perjury Because they were so convinced the man was guilty and that he shouldn't, he must serve some time for this.


He just couldn't walk free from the system. But for the feds to prove that Ito lied about Brenda's murder, they needed new evidence such as those pictures that Maryanne Shor claims she took the night Brenda died. But where were those pictures according to FBI expert Roy Hazelwood, those photos were Ito's trophies. He would never get rid of those pictures because this describes his power. This documents and VO validates his power and his control over Brenda Sue Schaefer, even up to the point in time that she died, So they searched his house, They went entirely through all through his house. They went back a second time, went all through his house.


I'd like to say we tore the house apart, but there is one thing that could have been torn up that wasn't That one thing was the carpet. Inside Malig Auto's home, six months after Malig was acquitted a murder, the new owners of Ito's home decided to redecorate and replace the old carpet carpet layer. Steve Dougherty expected it to be just a routine job. Yeah, I was just pulling it up and then all of a sudden I seen a, a Ziploc bag down there. They Knew right away what it was, Some jewelry and a couple canisters. They found the photographs in the heat duck of Ito's old house. The photos Maryanne Shore had taken that showed Ito abusing and raping Brenda Schafer.


The jewelry in the bag was Brenda's The carpet layers found something that three law enforcement agencies missed, and the fact that bottom line we were outwitted by a psychopath that hurts deeply. The feds had all the evidence they needed to convict Ito of perjury. Once we saw the pictures, I mean that was it. Ito didn't have any chance at that point. He had to go ahead and plead guilty. Then of course, being Ito, he turned on a dime after years of, of denying any involvement whatsoever. He tried to get a lesser plea because he, he cooperated with authorities.


Mel had to stand before everyone and say that he killed Brenda. IGN stands there and describes that he did take Brenda Shaffer and did sexually torture her and did murder her. And then he turned around and looked at the family and said, but she died peacefully. It was just pure Ito. It just sends chills through you. What kind of animal does that kind of thing says? That kind of thing. When Malano was led off by federal marshals after he was sentenced, he was smiling. Doesn't surprise me at all. Here's a man that committed murder and could never be tried for it. I can never be punished for Brenda Schaeffer's murder because of Double Jeopardy, the constitutional provision that protects citizens from being tried over and over again for the same crime.


In Malig NATO's case, he spent just five years in prison for perjury and was released. If he had been convicted of murdering Brenda Schafer Ito could have been put to death. What was your reaction when you heard the pictures were found? That there was no question at that point that Malig NATO had killed Brenda Schafer. I had no remorse. I didn't feel as if myself or the other jury members had failed to do anything. We had no hardcore evidence that we feel as if we could as a group convict maldonado. How do you feel now? Regretting that somehow a bird didn't land on my shoulder and whisper something that I didn't know to ask him to get the truth from him.


Aaron, you gotta understand this man's convincing. You knew he had committed this murder and he finally admitted it. That had to feel good. Yes, but was it justice as to the victim's family and the victim? No, it was not. Brenda's been dead 13 years. Ign served five years for perjury. Confessed to the murder said I did it, but never really served time for that murder. He has always been an arrogant, unpleasant individual and everyone to this day cannot stand to see Malto walking in this town. We had no trouble finding Malto. Can I set up a time to do an interview?


No, you cannot. Do you wanna talk about these charges at all? I, do not wanna Talk about anything. I have No comment. Please leave. As he walked away. Ito told an inquiring neighbor that it was just the media trying to rehash an old story. They don't have anything better to do. They don't know what's important in life, But it's not an old story To the people of Louisville who fear that the man who brutally killed Brenda Schafer and got away with it could strike again. It would be awful. Just awful. If Igna should happen to do this sort of thing to another woman, He could convince them that he's a good guy and he's the best thing for them and then do harm to them.


That's what scares me about ign. I don't think the man has changed, and I truly believe he has the ability that he'll do this again. He'll find that person just like Brenda and he'll do it again. He's the only person I think I've been able to hate with any length of time for a long time. And with him, it comes easily. Hate what he did, hate who he is. The fact he's got away with it all this time and I, I just don't think that he's been punished nearly enough In 2002 after being charged with additional counts of perjury, mal Ito was sentenced to nine years in prison.


He was released in 2006 and died in 2008.


If, you like this podcast. You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey. I'm Erin Moriarty of four eight hours. And of all the cases I've covered, this is the one that troubles me most. A bizarre and maddening tale involving an eyewitness account that doesn't quite make sense. A sister testified against a brother, a lack of physical evidence. Crosley Green has lived more than half his life behind bars for a crime he says he didn't commit. Listen to Murder In the Orange Grove The Trouble case against Crosley Green early and ad free with a 48 hours plus subscription on Apple Podcasts.


Do you love hair raising? Allegedly true stories about the paranormal. Then I have a podcast recommendation for you. I'm Dan Cummins, comedian and co-host of the not so funny but very scary podcast, scared to Death. And I'm Lindsay Co-host and also Dan's wife. Each week on Scared to Death, we share bone chilling tales from old books, creepy corners of the the web and even stories submitted by our listeners, all designed to make you want to sleep with the lights On. On Scared to Death. You'll hear stories about possession Poltergeist and all kinds of other frightening phenomenon. From the haunted castles of Ireland to the crypted roaming the United States. No corner of the globe is safe from terrifying lore. And if you're still not sold, I should mention that the show has amassed nearly 60 million downloads. There's just something about a ghost story that everybody loves. Think you can handle the horror tune in to Scared to death every Tuesday at the stroke of midnight to find out and If, you're still not scared enough. Join us twice a month on Fridays for Nightmare Fuel, where I share original fictional horror tales. See you there.


Paramount Podcasts.