
I hate to say this because I'm a woman, but I think that a lot of women see successful men, self-made men attractive men. They think, I want a piece of that. They're traveling at a high rate of speed. It doesn't matter if they're married or not. Oh my goodness. Francis and Bill Hall met when they were in high school. I think they were around 16. Neither of them had very much money. They started dating and they were married by 18. Francis Hall is someone that you wish was in your family.


She's very selfless, Caring, And really always thinking about other people. Bill Hall loved Francis and his children, but Bill's fatal flaw is that he also liked the attention of younger women. Bonnie Contreras is Bill Hall's mistress. He had been dating her for about three years, and by most accounts it was a pretty open affair. I am trying to think of the most flattering way to describe Bonnie Contreras. Bonnie Contreras is almost like a master manipulator. She would take compromising photos, kind of just gather all these nuggets that if things ever went south, she had all the proof she needed to kind of force you to do what she wanted.


My mother was on the verge of a nervous breakdown because Bonnie was taunting her constantly. Bonnie Contreras put Francis through hell. She's texting and calling Francis. Bonnie would call her every explicit name in the book and just say, you're so fat and disgusting. You have this toxic glove triangle. Got multimillionaire, husband and wife and this mistress trying to wedge her way between them. I get a phone call from my mom and she said, I just saw your dad and I just saw Bonnie. When Francis first sees her husband, bill and then Bonnie, she's about two miles down the road this way, and that's when she makes the decision to make a U-turn and finally confront this woman that's been, you know, wrecking havoc in her life.


So her husband and mistress, they're driving toward us on this highway. Exactly. They're coming this way. They're still going 85, 90 miles an hour. I believe that she intended to kick Bonnie's ass that day. Okay. That's what she wanted to do. She wanted to go over and she wanted to to beat up. Bonnie Francis Hall took a two 10 death tank to what should have been a fist fight. Francis was out for blood. I don't think anyone imagined that by the end of that day there would be a dead body and someone in handcuffs.


So Nikki, where are we right now? Peter? We're in my parents' home. This is where a lot of memories were made. Nikki Hall is Bill and Francis Hall's daughter. She and her brother Justin, had great times during her parents'. 32 year long marriage. We spent Christmases, Thanksgivings. Almost every holiday was spent here in this room during Christmas. My mom loved watching everyone open their gifts and this is the home that they built together. Nikki says, being a member of the hall family meant having loads of fun.


Gimme a sense of what kind of a Mother Francis was and what kind of a person she is. Just a loving, kindhearted, honest individual. She is always willing to Linda hand, especially when it came to my brother and I, she was more of the disciplinary. My dad was the one that said, let's just spoil them. Let's give them, you know, whatever they want. And Bill Hall could spoil his children because he and Francis who got married when they were just 18, had built an Empire on wheels.


Bill and Francis Hall bought their first truck in the early 1980s and then they grew Bill Hall Junior Trucking into a multimillion dollar business at its height worth $15 million. My parents worked together, so at times, you know, it wasn't all love, but at the end of the day, they came home together. Mom cooked dinner. Dad was there. After Nikki and her brother became adults and moved out of the family home, bill began to indulge his own whims. He bought a Harley Davidson Street Glide bike that he customized and painted powder blue.


His company color, He's a daredevil. He liked to drive crazy fast cars, bikes, 18 wheelers. He loved life in the fast lane, Fast cars and lots of women. Bill had cheated on his wife for years and Francis knew it, but forgave him as Bill confided to his best friend and cousin Hank Hall, a fellow trucking millionaire. Do you think Bill still loved Francis or was he ready to move on? Nah, bill adored Francis. Bill loved Francis so much that it was unbelievable. But what happened is, and tell me if I'm wrong or right, when you cheated in the past and she stuck with you, right?


What kind of makes it seem like it's okay? Right? So if he gets caught again, you know, he might get another pass. You know what I'm saying? The new someone in Bill's life was Bonnie Contreras, then a 28-year-old former exotic dancer and when she met the aging playboy with the well stuffed wallet at a spinach festival, yes, a spinach festival. It was a match made in Texas Heaven. Her story is that she was helping her aunt, someone sell chicken on a stick Attorney Lee Cutter. And she just happened to see these five guys and he was dressed really nice.


I mean, he is met her supposedly for two minutes I think she said we locked eyes and I knew ever. I knew right then. Bill and Bonnie's relationship lasted for three years and she told the local CBS station all about it. I love this man. With everything I have. I still do. Bonnie knew that Bill was married with children and grandchildren, but she claims Bill told her he was getting a divorce. I wanted to have a family with him. My plans were to get married, to have a home, and to live the rest of my life with this man. In many ways, bill treated Bonnie as a true love.


He showered her with money, paying her rent, buying her two cars, A BMW, and a Mercedes, and even paying for her breast enhancement surgery. He was excited by her in the beginning. You know, she was an attractive younger woman that, you know, wanted to do everything she could to be the center of his attention. But by 2013, Bill's friends say he was losing interest and trying to avoid Bonnie. That strategy backfired in a big way. On one Friday the 13th, She kept calling Bill and Bill would decline her calls and all the while Bonnie's texting Bill saying, I'm gonna tell your wife I'm gonna tell her about us.


And ultimately calls Francis. Bill now had to contend with two angry women, his wife Francis and his girlfriend Bonnie. After She makes the call and she really takes it up a notch and she starts going to Francis and Bill's house, she'll take pictures of the outside of the house and then she'll text it to Bill and then she'll text it to the wife and say, you know, ugly, ugly, nasty things to the wife. The two women began engaging in a vicious texting war, exchanging hundreds of nasty messages. I was just defending myself and never once did I threaten her.


I never once threatened that woman, But that's not how it seemed to Francis' daughter Nikki. Was it a little frightening on this end to be getting these kinds of communications and photos and anger expressed, even pictures taken of the family vehicles letting you know I'm here? Yes, it was very scary. She had over 4,000 pictures of him and her and she was gonna just put those out on Facebook. She had our addresses. Did You humiliate him, destroy his reputation? Yes, yes. I'm a good person. I never mean no harm on anybody and never once confronted his kids. I would never threaten anybody in that way.


Bill and Francis decided to get away for a long weekend to try and patch things up. But Hank says Bonnie ruined the trip with her relentless texting. She went a hundred miles an hour, man. And like in other words, I'm not gonna lose this guy, because he was going back to more of his family and trying to get away from her. Hank says, Bonnie unleashed a torrent of angry and inappropriate texts, including naked photos of her having sex with Bill Francis lost it. She physically assaulted Bill and kicked him out of the house And she just got up and woke him.


You need to get out, get outta my house. Bill spent the night at Bonnie's place. The next day was October 10th, 2013. Francis and Bonnie were about to unexpectedly meet on a two-lane Texas highway called Loop 1604. Francis Caesar husband drive by on that big blue motorcycle. You know, a few seconds later, for the first time ever, she lays eyes on Bonnie Contrera, this woman who is ruining her life. Francis had finally had enough and was about to take a turn that led to an accusation of murder And she grabs a steering wheel and she just goes, I'm gonna go confront her.


Discover the magic of BET MGM Casino where the excitement is always on deck. Pull up a seat and check out a wide variety of table games with a live dealer. From roulette to blackjack, watch as a dealer hosts your table game and live chat with them throughout your experience to feel like you are actually at the casino. The excitement doesn't stop there with over 3000 games to choose from, including fan favorites like Cash Eruption, UFC Gold Blitz and more. Make deposits instantly to jump in on the fun and make same day withdrawals. If you win, download the BET MGM Ontario app today. You don't wanna miss out. Visit bet mgm.com for terms and conditions, 19 plus to wager Ontario only. Please gamble responsibly. If you have questions or concerns about your gambling or someone close to you, please contact Conex Ontario at 1 8 6 6 5 3 1 2600 to speak to an advisor free of charge BET MGM operates pursuant to an operating agreement with iGaming Ontario.


October 10th, 2013, this stretch of Texas Highway 1604 became a crime scene where jealousy and rage would intersect and someone would soon be in handcuffs. The day began innocently enough, Francis was driving home after watching a volleyball game when she spotted her husband's mistress. At this point in time, 28 days have passed and she's found out about the affair. Lee Cutter Francis' defense attorney says that by this time Francis was sick of Bonnie interfering in her marriage.


I think at one point Bill and Francis go to the movies and she knows about it and literally sits three rows back behind them watching them the entire time, texting Bill just going crazy. It's pretty insane. So when Francis noticed Bonnie on the road that October day her motor was revving, what made it worse was that Bonnie was driving the hall Family Range Rover a vehicle Francis often drove. Francis makes a U-turn and floors it. They're coming this way, they're still going 85, 90 miles an hour. So Francis is getting behind Bonnie and every time she gets close to her, Bonnie will break.


Check her over and over again. It's this cat and mouse game. 9 1 1. What is your location? Francis Hall gave Chase at a high rate of speed, different witnesses called 9 1 1 and indicated that two black SUVs are racing and it probably appeared that that was the case. Attorney Adam Cortez also represents Francis Hall. No one knows exactly what happened. Not Francis Hall. Bonnie Contreras definitely does not Actually. Bonnie says she knows exactly what happened. Please Raise Your right hand. Do you solemn swear to tell The truth And she told her version of events to attorney Lee Cutter in this video deposition.


Good morning. Good morning. Bonnie says she was driving down the highway when out of the blue something hits her back bumper. At first I thought it was an accident. Maybe somebody had hit me from behind by accident. But then when I looked back and I looked through the rear mirror, I saw that it was Ms. Hall Francis. Francis was driving a Cadillac Escalade, a giant SUV. Then she hit me more times. I then got thrown onto oncoming traffic after I got thrown onto oncoming traffic. I was fighting cars coming at me. Bill was riding on his Harley motorcycle, also racing down the highway.


Bonnie says he somehow got in between the two women's SUVs. Bonnie was in the lead vehicle. I see her clearly behind a bill and I'm thinking to myself, she's not gonna hit Bill. Like I don't think she had the heart to do that. So then I was just driving and then I was started screaming because I saw the Escalade getting closer and closer to him. Lee asked Bonnie to demonstrate with toy cars, let's use the Model cars As an example. What she says happened on the road, Now bill's over here and I'm speeding up and I see Bill and I'm wanting to stop but I don't stop 'cause I'm fearing for my life.


I don't know what she's thinking, what she has in the vehicle, if she has any weapons, if she, I don't know what she's thinking in her head. And I see the Escalade coming and she just boom, she hits him, he flies off the bite flies off. Bill was not wearing a helmet and suffered major blunt force injuries. She doesn't stop in her tracks at All. Neither woman called 9 1 1 And then she starts to hit me from behind again. I do the a really, really fast U-turn right there. I almost hit a pole and she did the U-turn really quickly behind me. Then I started speeding back up towards where the accident had happened and then she was speeding up behind me.


She then continuously was hitting me. I sped up the Range Rover up to like a hundred Bonnie claims. Francis rear ended her up to 15 times. Eventually both women pulled over at the spot where Bill had been knocked off his Harley, the police were called as dusk turned to night. Hank Hall and other family members alerted by phone calls from Bonnie and Francis were at the scene just a few miles from Bill's trucking company. Bill was laying on the ground, he was breathing like you know, real hard. And I screamed out and said, what the hell's going on? You know, like mad.


And there was a police officer trying to tell me, Hey, calm down. 'cause when he heard my voice, bill started breathing faster and he was trying to kind of say something but he was breathing hard, you know? Did he look at you? Yeah, he knew I was there. I know that he knew that Francis was there. He knew that I was there. Nikki and other family members head to the hospital where hours pass before they are told the devastating news. They told us, you know, he has passed away. So we were just completely in shock. I thought maybe he'll have a couple of injuries, you know, a broken arm, broken leg, something like that. But never, never death. I never expected that. In shock Nikki goes to find her mother only to be shocked again, Where is my mom?


How do I get ahold of my mom? Well I learned that she's arrested in jail. Francis is being interrogated by police after Bill dies. She has read her rights. You have the right to remain Silent and she requests an attorney, but she cannot help blurting out what's racing through her mind. I've been with the since I was 16. I'm Justin shock. Yeah, There is nothing more to say. Francis Hall was charged with felony murder and aggravated assault on Bonnie Contreras.


I was without both of my parents. We finally get a call around five in the morning. It was her mom And she was like, I know what happened to your dad and I can't believe this happened. I just can't believe it. The tragic turn of events tore the close-knit hall family apart. Hank Hall Bill's closest friend blamed Francis for his death. I was upset at her. I was really, really mad at the point that she took my best friend Bill was gone. But Francis swears his death did not happen the way Bonnie described to police and positively did not hit Bill's motorcycle with her front bumper.


Hi. It was an accident. I would've never in a million years have hurt my husband. But will anyone believe her? If not, she could spend the rest of her life behind bars during their 32 year long marriage life for Bill and Francis Hall was filled with family, Especially Me.


Wealth and happiness Stay right there. Bill Francis had everything money could buy. I Love my baby Except her husband's Fidelity. After Bill Hall Jr. Died On October 10th, 2013, Francis Hall hadn't spoken with any reporter. Hey Francis. Hi. I'm Peter Van Sand. I Know who you are Until she met with 48 hours to tell her version of what happened on that stretch of highway. From your perspective, this was what? An accident that I didn't, I don't even know how, but it was an accident.


I would've never in million years have hurt my husband. You did not murder him. No, I, no, never would. I have heard him. Remember in the weeks leading up to the confrontation, Francis had received dozens of insulting taunting text messages from her husband's mistress, Bonnie Contreras, including photos of the two of them having sex. On that October day, Francis is driving home from her niece's volleyball game And I see him in his bike, His motorcycle In his motorcycle. And I he her a few car lengths him back.


I pulled over and I stopped. I get a phone call from my mom and she said, I just saw your your dad and I just saw Bonnie, I'm turning around, I'm gonna confront her. I said, go ahead. You do what you gotta do. What were you planning to do when you made that U-turn? I wanted her to pull over. I wanted her to pull over. I wanted to confront this woman. I wanted to tell her, leave me the freak alone already. That's enough. I can't take you. If you want him, you can have him just leave me and my family out of this.


Immediately after we got off the phone, I called Bonnie, I left her a message. Told you to watch your back, you stupid Francis floors it quickly catching up to her husband and his mistress. It's at this moment that Francis' and Bonnie's stories, part ways He was in front. She was in the back and I was in the back. I would come up to her, pull off to the site and tell her to pull over. She'd say, no, Are you gesturing like or was your window down? No, Pull over. I was GEs. I'd go off to on the yellow line and tell her to pull over. She would, no, no, I could see her.


She kept braking on me. As soon as I'd come up next to her, she'd break and I'd break. And you bumped the back of her car. Never did I touch the car Again. Bonnie claims Francis hit her back bumper multiple times. She's Lying While this is going on, bill actually comes to this unfinished shoulder right here and pulls to the side of the cars. Let's both cars pass him. I saw him from my passenger window. I passed Bill. I saw him as I'm driving and as soon as I looked to the front, she braked. They're coming 80 miles an hour down here. Here. Bonnie breaks. And it creates this chain reaction.


Exactly. And Bill has to react. Bill has to react. And while he's reacting, remember Francis is reacting in that Escalade. Bonnie swears that at that moment she saw in her rear view mirror, Francis hit Bill head on, knocking him off the highway. Francis says, that's a lie. I had already seen him pass me. So it is so false the way they said that I hit him and that I knew what I was doing. I never hit him head on. Lee Cutter has studied every inch of the accident scene and the three vehicles involved. She is certain of what unfolded from Francis' perspective.


And so her car is fishtailing a little bit while she's doing it. As Bill's coming to the side in that vehicle, Harley and they, they make contact right about here and Bill ultimately ends up actually right behind you in this big tall grass down here. And yet, according to Francis, in the chaos of the moment, she never saw, felt or heard Bill's crash. You didn't look in your rear view mirror, you didn't see a scene behind you as you drove off? No, No, I didn't see anything. I, my focus was in the front 'cause she kept breaking on me and breaking and breaking. So based on what you are telling me right now, was this an accident or is this some form of murder that occurred out on this highway?


You know, Peter, if anyone is guilty of anything, I would say it's Bonnie Contreras of Reckless driving because everyone else had to react to her actions. But it was just a tragic accident. Not murder, Absolutely not murder. And Lee is ready for battle. She's a former Marine ROTC with a history of winning on the big stage. She was once a teen beauty queen. Nothing is harder than defending someone that you know and believe in your heart is innocent. Attorney Adam Cortez, a former boxer, will also represent Francis.


He brings a brawlers attitude into the courtroom. Francis Hall is a nurturer. She's everyone's mother. She's everyone's rock. To say that she was intentionally trying to hurt Bill Hall, man, she's loved and still loves and always will love. I mean, that's just a ludicrous idea. Francis, what do you want people to know about you? That I am not the person they portrayed me to be. I'm a very compassionate and sincere woman. He is the love of my life and will always be the love of my life.


Who do you believe is ultimately responsible, the most responsible for your husband's death? I would say it was her. Do you have a dark curiosity?


Heart starts pounding. Horrors, hauntings and Mysteries is a weekly podcast hosted by me, Kaylin Moore. Each week I'll take you on a dark journey through terrifying, true urban legends, bizarre true crime cases, chilling tales of backwood horror and more. So if you are looking to join a passionate community of the Darkly Curious check out, heart starts pounding on the Free Odyssey app or wherever you get your podcasts. And remember, stay curious.


I got a black Escalade and a Black Range Rover driving on the long side of the road. They're traveling at a highway to speed 9,000 miles an hour to act on the city At the heart of this case is one simple question is what happened on this rural highway in Texas? An accident or an act of murder? I sympathize. Wanting to confront your husband's mistress but engaging in road rage. No, that's unacceptable For prosecutors, Stephanie Paulison, the deadly confrontation that occurred along this dusty stretch of highway was nothing short of murder.


And her co-counsel, Scott Simpson knows they will have to convince jurors that this was not a justifiable killing. We knew it was gonna be a a difficult case, but not because of the facts. All of my female friends kept telling me throughout trial they, they would kept keep saying he had it coming. I don't think that he had death coming. He had a divorce coming. If everybody were sentenced to death for being a philanderer, what would the population look like? On August 30th, 2016, nearly three years after Bill Hall's tragic death, the murder trial of his wife Francis, got underway.


And for the first time since that deadly chase Francis came face to face with the woman she blames for all of this, her husband's mistress, Bonnie Contreras. Right away Bonnie tells the jury she and Bill were targeted. That day I see her hit Bill with the truck and I see him fly off the motorcycle and then I see the, the bike fly. In her video deposition, Bonnie demonstrated what she says she saw in her rear view mirror. I see the, the Escalade coming and she just boom, she hit hits him, he flies off the bike, the bike flies off.


And then she kept hitting me and hitting me. And I kept going faster and faster and, And Bonnie says, Francis continued her attack ramming her SUV as many as 15 times. I started screaming, crying. I said, oh my God, Francis is hitting me from behind. What do I do To disprove Bonnie's story? The defense calls collision reconstruction expert Charles Ruble. This is the Black Range Rover or Land Rover who Also uses toy cars to demonstrate what he says happened. Bill Hall was following his wife. They're traveling at 70, 80 miles an hour.


Ruble believes that when Bill maneuvered around the Escalade to avoid colliding, he veered right hit the shoulder and then tried to correct himself by veering left. That is when he accidentally struck Francis' rear window Bill lost control and was thrown off the highway. So based on your analysis, there was absolutely no evidence that Bonnie's claim that Francis rear-ended her husband is true. There's no evidence, No evidence whatsoever. There's no evidence on the rear of the motorcycle of any contact. There's no evidence on the hood of the Escalade.


The prosecution concedes that Bonnie's recollection of events is not supported by the evidence. Evidence. I wouldn't characterize her testimony as untruthful, I would just characterize it as mistaken. The Range Rover Is prosecution collision expert Timothy Lovett. Oh, I don't think Bonnie Contreras is intentionally lying about this collision. She's excitable. She's got somebody that's just like a raging bull behind her. Lut says, the evidence clearly shows that Francis rammed Bonnie's car multiple times. I have damage on this side of the bumper and I have damage on this side of the front bumper as well.


That's two. That's at least one more than just an accidental bump. As for why the damage on the bumpers appear so minor, the prosecution has an answer. When Two vehicles are moving at a high rate of speed and they're going at the same speed, you're not gonna see huge damage when they cide. And as for how Bill died, prosecutors believe Francis sideswiped Bill's motorcycle knocking him off the road as she pursued Bonnie. It doesn't make sense to say this was an accident. When you look at the surrounding stances, Prosecutors point to the day before the crash when Francis physically assaulted Bill.


And furthermore, they play the phone message that Francis' daughter Nikki left on Bonnie's cell phone during the chase Told you to watch your back. You stupid To me. And I wanna think to any woman that would speak very much to Francis's intent to hurt Bonnie, she was out for blood. So you take the stand as a prosecution witness, right? The prosecution calls Bill's cousin Hank, who they believe is about to cap off their case by telling jurors Francis murdered Bill. But after hearing all of the evidence and seeing Francis in court, Hank has a change of heart.


But you end up saying something on the stand that the prosecution doesn't want you to, to say in front of this jury. They asked me if, if I thought that Francis had killed Bill. And I took a moment and I told him no. And the DA looked at me like, Are you kidding me? Yeah, kind of look, yes. And did you look over at Francis After you said that She grabbed herself and started crying. And in a way, at that moment, that's when the whole family comes back together, Got back together and it kind of got everybody close again. After nearly a three week trial, Francis Hall chooses not to testify, leaving her fate in the hands of a Texas jury.


As A result of her rage, Amanda's death And justice is holding this woman responsible for that man's death. She's been living in health for three years. Let her go home, let her be with her family and let her warn Warner husband, For all his 50 years Bill Hall lived to the max building and taking everything and anything he wanted right till the end.


The multimillionaire, two women fighting for him. I miss him tremendously. I just wish he was here. The only man I've ever been with, the father of my children. Bill's hunger for life grew into an appetite for destruction. And then out on a rural Texas highway, everything good was gone. This is a story of of loss. I I miss My family. For Nikki who believes this was an accident, not a murder, it comes down to this.


Her father dead. Would she now lose her mother to? Would Francis Hall be put away by a jury sworn to justice? She's a strong, strong, strong woman. That being said, she wasn't gonna go murder her husband and say if I can't have him, no one can have him. That's just not Francis. But the state of Texas argued hard. Bill may not have been Francis' intended target, but her actions that day resulted in his death. And now she had to pay the price. This dangerous intersection of emotion and betrayal and humiliation.


It occurred because you made that U-turn. Yes, Yes. And with that, I will live for the rest of my life. Testimony lasted seven days, then it was in the jury's hands. They deliberate a single day. And on September 8th, 2016, the defendant, they spoke as one. We The jury find the defendant friends hall guilty of murder, charged, Convicted of both aggravated assault and murder. Francis Hall faced a possible life sentence. I didn't do it. I would've never in a million years have hurt Bill.


Never. I'm very happy on the convictions she got on both counts that gave me peace. But along with the guilty verdict came one last step. A separate sentencing trial. Francis had a final opportunity and her legal team conjured a bold defense, sudden passion. If ever there was a person that the sudden passion provision was written for its Francis Hall, absolutely Sudden passion, a legal term for a profoundly human moment. A wife chasing down her cheating husband and his unrepentant mistress Said impassion that you were so entrenched or you know, stuck in the heat of the moment that you are unable to think clearly.


Now if you cause a death, it's murder. But at punishment you can get a, a lower punishment, you can get basically manslaughter punishment That lowers it to two to 20. Huge, huge difference. Lee Cutter and Adam Cortez made their passionate case for sudden passion. And this time Francis Hall took the stand in her own defense. I am not this evil person that I have said I am. Sharp person, please, You can't get up and give a big, big middle finger to the jury. The prosecution fought back saying Francis sideswiped her car into Bill Hall's powder.


Blue Harley in a mad mindless attempt to confront Bonnie Contreras. Mercy is for someone who says, I did wrong. Give me mercy. Not for somebody who says you got it wrong, but give me mercy. Anyway, Four days after her conviction, Francis learns her fate. We assess her punishment in confinement in the institutional division of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice for term of two years. Order in the court, please order in the court. Felt like, wow. Yes, only two years. But there goes my mom off she goes. And I know that I could have done life for this.


So for that I was grateful. But it's still two years away from my children. It's two years that I won't be there for my grandkids. She didn't kill my grandpa, she would never do that. Passion is what this tale came down to. And for at least one Texas family, love for a man whose passions for life. Let him down the wrong road. Brilliant guy. Smart guy. But like I say, you know, you can be the smartest man in the world. And guess what? You make mistakes too. So Some three years after his death, his family is shattered.


And Bill Hall Trucking has filed for bankruptcy. As you stand here in this jail talking to me, do you still love Bill Hall Jr. Oh, with All my heart, I will never love another, like I love this man. Wait, wait, okay. Francis Hall was released from prison in 2018.