
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


When you are a small business owner, you don't just wear one hat, you wear all of them. You are a self-starter, a go-getter, A do-it-yourselfer. And when it comes to marketing, constant contacts here to back you from email to social media and events, our digital marketing platform connects you with more customers to grow your business. And with local support, we are with you every step of the way. Constant contact dedicated to small business. Try it free@constantcontact.com.


Hello? Yeah, that is a lot of space. Whatcha gonna do with it? Make big plans with the Amex Business Gold Plus card. It comes with funding solutions to support cashflow. Three points per $1 spent at selected businesses and up to $550 back on selected business spend each year. Amex Business Gold plus just one of our cards for businesses on the Grow. That's the powerful backing of American Express enrollment required annual threshold teas and season exclusions apply. Benefit ends 31st December, 2026.


Do you feel like your leads never lead anywhere and you're making content that no one sees and it takes forever to build a campaign? Well, that's why we built HubSpot. It's an AI powered customer platform that builds campaigns for you, tells you which leads are worth knowing and makes writing blogs, creating videos and posting on social a breeze. So now it's easier than ever to be a marketer. Get started at hubspot.com/marketers.


This wasn't just a crime scene, was it? No, it was not. This one was bad. Two innocent people that were on their first date had their lives destroyed. For what reason? How well did Leslie Reeves know Chris Smith? First date Chris was in a band and a singer and they had connected and he asked a route The night before Thanksgiving they decided just to meet up, go to the bar. He lived 65 miles away in a really small farming community.


The bar that night was very busy. The place was packed, wall to wall. Chris and Leslie were talking a lot, laughing, getting along with everyone around them. She texted me around 10 and she said, everything's going okay. She did then text a second text that said, I feel like something's a little bit off or something. I'm not sure what she meant. Was that text the last time you heard from Leslie Reeves? Yes, it was. Did you try texting her in the morning and did she respond? No, I just started driving towards Farmersville 'cause I had the address and called the police department in that area.


Montgomery County Sheriff's Office. This is Jeff. Hi. I'm greatly concerned about my friend. Can someone do a welfare check? What are you feeling at this point, Nana? A lot Of anxiety because I don't know what I'm gonna walk into going up there to this house. I pulled up in front of the address And then Who came? While you're sitting there? While I'm sitting there. Who's this woman parked? I said, well maybe I'll roll my window down and talk to her. I asked her if she was checking on Chris and she said she was checking on her friend. And that's when I went up to the door.


I saw the back door was broken and then I saw Chris laying there and then I ran back to my car and called 9 1 1. Nobody's answering the door and and the back window shattered. And there's a body and there's a foot I saw on the floor. I'm only 16. I can't deal with this. I was in shock. I think Sheriff's office, Jeff. Yeah, He'll be some help. I got one live, one dead. I just remember them bringing Chris out on the stretcher to the ambulance. I remember there being a sheet over him, so it made me panic a little bit. I got a call from our command center in Springfield.


So you are the lead crime scene investigator? Yes. Were you really prepared for what you faced when you walked into that house? I was not. Why would somebody do this to him? Why would they try to hurt my baby? That's all I kept thinking. He's my baby. Someone hurt him Going on a first date and they both end up getting shot is insane. Erin Moriarty reports. Fatal First Date Afternoon of Thanksgiving Day 2021.


Nanette Steber sat in her car and watched anxiously as EMTs and Montgomery County Sheriff's. Deputies descended on a house in the tiny village of Farmersville, Illinois. I was quite upset and kind of going crazy in the car. Annette had been unable to reach her good friend Leslie Reeves. Nanette knew Leslie had gone to that house the night before to go on a first date with Chris Smith. A man she had met online. She was very excited. She thought, oh, this would, this might be a, a really good connection.


But now Nanette was worried. She'd seen Chris get taken away in an ambulance, but there was no sign of Leslie. I kept hoping You know. Okay, bring Leslie out please. Finally, a detective approached and asked Nanette for a photo of Leslie. She showed him her phone and he gave her the horrible news. I'm so sorry to have to tell you this. Your friend has been murdered. You know shot. He said. He didn't tell me where, but he did say, I want you to know that. She went very quickly.


EMTs have found Chris barely conscious and unable to say anything about the shooting. They rushed him to the hospital and deputy searched the house. Later that day, crime scene investigator Josh Easton of the Illinois State Police was called to the scene and he began cataloging the mayhem inside. What do you see when you first approached the door? I noticed a side door of the house. The glass in the door has been broken out. The refrigerator was pulled away from the wall. The kitchen table was pushed the the chairs were knocked over. No weapon was found. Leading investigators to suspect that a third person was involved.


Easton took note of every detail, including the burnt pizza in the oven. I assume that maybe they were cooking a pizza for the night and the suspect shows up at the door. They both tried to fight him off. And when Chris was shot, Leslie went to the living room to try to hide. How many times was she shot? She was only shot one time in the head. In the head. Leslie's body was in the living room. While Chris had been found in the kitchen, Easton said of the 1,800 crime scenes he had been to, this was one of the most horrific. There Was blood everywhere, the cabinets, the refrigerator, the countertop.


There was blood from corner to corner in the kitchen. Easton spotted two silver colored bullet casings from a nine millimeter gun, one in the kitchen and the other near Leslie's body. As Easton processed the scene, detectives began learning about the victims. Chris Smith was a 48-year-old divorced father who worked for a pool contractor. Chris was a nice guy. He would hang out here frequently, was friends with most people in town. Everybody knew him. Bartender Dina LaGrand says Chris was well known in town as the guy who grew banana trees and giant pumpkins.


I remember one Halloween he donated hundreds of pumpkins for decorations for any of the kids to paint. He gave back to his community. Did either one of you ever worry about Chris? No. No. Sharon Stanza is Chris's mother. Ashley Holcomb his sister. Chris is a stay home person that literally would just work in his backyard. Chris Lived with a dog named Tiki and an EMT told the family that Tiki may have helped Chris make it through the night by huddling with him for the roughly 12 hours that Chris was bleeding before being rescued.


I think Tiki protected Chris. I think she probably laid right next to him. Chris's close-knit family could not imagine anyone wanting to kill him. It was like, no way. How? Why? Like who? Yeah, who would've done that? Investigators had the same questions about Leslie and learned that she was a divorced mother of two children who lived in Troy about an hour south of Farmersville. Although Leslie had a master's degree in engineering, she chose instead to teach Pilates and to promote self-defense classes for women.


Hi, I'm Leslie from All U Studio and Leslie posted this video to her YouTube channel to advertise one of her classes. Empower yourself against aggression and assault as we teach you. Easy to learn self-defense techniques. Power up. Leslie tried to help women in abusive relationships, but friends say she had her own troubles. Nanette told Deputy she was worried about a former boyfriend, a contractor by the name of Robert Tarr, known as Bobby. She said, I am going to completely block Bobby from email, texts, phone calls. I I have to go. No contact.


Later that evening, news of Leslie's murder began circulating and reached another close friend, Amy Steinhower. She had met Tar, a divorced father of three and did not have a good impression of him. But you Never see someone and think that they can kill. My friend Amy called the sheriff's office that night to give them Tara's name. By then, detectives had already set out to find Bobby Tar. While 85 miles to the north, surgeons were fighting to try to save the life of Chris Smith.


A bullet still lodged in his brain


In the Pacific Ocean. Halfway between Peru and New Zealand lies a tiny volcanic island. It's a little known British territory called Pitcan, and it harbored a deep, dark scandal. There wouldn't be a girl on pit count once they reached the age of 10. That was still a virgin. It just happens to all. I'm journalist Luke Jones and for almost two years I've been investigating a shocking story that has left deep scars on generations of women and girls from Pitcan. When there's nobody watching, nobody going to report it, people will get away with what they can get away With. In the Pitcan Trials, I'll be uncovering a story of abuse and the fight for justice that has brought a unique lonely Pacific Island to the brink of extinction. Listen to the Pitcan Trials exclusively on Wondering. Plus, join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify.


You don't believe in ghosts? I get it. Lots of people don't. I didn't either until I came face to face with them. Ever since that moment, hauntings spirits and the unexplained have consumed my entire life. I'm Nadine Bailey. I've been a ghost tour guide for the past 20 years. I've taken people along with me into the shadows, uncovering the macabre tails that linger in the darkness and inside some of the most haunted houses, hospitals, prisons, and more. Join me every week on my podcast Haunted Canada as we journey through terrifying and bone chilling stories of the unexplained search for haunted Canada. On Apple Podcast, Spotify, Amazon Music, or wherever you find your favorite podcasts.


I just wanted to get there. I just wanted to get there as fast as I could. After learning that Chris had been shot in the head, his family rushed to the hospital in Springfield, Illinois. Two hours from their home. I was on the phone to everyone I could think of 'cause I just needed prayers from everybody. Doctors removed part of Chris's skull and some bullet fragments in his brain before putting him in a medically induced coma. His family struggling to piece together what had happened. Learned that he had been out with a woman named Leslie Reeves. Had you ever heard the name Leslie Reeves before? No. I looked her up and then I tried to reach out to her friends and then I found her best friend.


Annette Nanette told them the same thing. She had told investigators. She suspected Leslie's ex-boyfriend, Bobby Tar that night. Sheriff's deputies went to Tara's home in Collinsville and our south of the crime scene. Authorities say he never asked why they wanted to talk to him and he agreed to go to the police station without a lawyer. TARR. Although her friends said the couple had broken up. Tar told investigators that he and Leslie were still together. Do you and Leslie have a lot of problems? I wouldn't say no worse than any average couple.


It was Leslie the detectives wanted to talk about. I want you to to dig down deep here and be as honest with me as you can. Okay? Leslie is dead. What? Can you help me? Shed some light on this. How did she die if she was murdered, what happened? That's why we're here with you. You help me believe that you're not involved in this. I'm not involved in anything. Investigators asked Tar about Farmersville the scene of the crime. You know where Farmersville know is Farmersville.


No, I can't say that. I do. I've never been there. I've never heard of it. Okay. And they asked Tar where he had been the night before Thanksgiving. I went to a buddy of mine's house. He left and left me some money out of his shop and to go pick it up. The friend lived a short distance from Tara's home. Remember what time he came back? It wasn't that long. Maybe six 30 ish, something like that. Investigators believe the shooting took place sometime early on Thanksgiving morning after 1:00 AM Tar said after he got back, he was home all night.


You Can talk to my daughter about me being home. That's exactly what they did. Detectives brought Tara's 17-year-old daughter, Shelby to a different room at the police station. And she told them that her father actually left home twice that night. So the first time he left was roughly six 30, right? And then he, he came home about a half hour later and he said he had to go back. Right? And then it was nine 15 ish when he got back home. Yep. Shelby said he had been gone for more than two hours and when he got home he was upset. He gets home. He was crying, he was sobbing. He said he missed Leslie.


Shelby said she went to sleep around nine 30 and was awakened by her father around 2:45 AM He started the laundry. He was pacing, walking around and he was like, I can't sleep. Detectives went back to tar and told him Shelby's story did not match his tar. Then changed his story and said he had gone to his friend's house twice, but still insisted he was home by eight. As Tar sat at the police station, detectives searched his house and found his phone and a Glock pistol. Shelby had told them her father had a different gun, but they didn't find it.


It's little, it's like this big. I like a light cream. But the Army Green Shelby told investigators she had seen it the day before Thanksgiving in her father's sock drawer. Yesterday morning actually I went to get socks and it was there and that it's not there. Was there yesterday and gone today. Okay. Bobby Tar sat at the police station overnight. While authorities continued to investigate, they had already learned that his car had been captured by license plate reader cameras. Just after midnight. The night of the shooting, the cameras were near a gas station and investigators discovered that TAR had bought gas there just after midnight back at the police station, they confronted him with a gas station receipt.


So you're a liar because I don't remember doing that. You don't remember being out after midnight when you have told us you are 100% positive The gas station is here in Troy? Yes. And the murder occurred here in Farmersville. Correct? The gas station was near Tara's home an hour from the crime scene. Andrew, a Fronte is the Montgomery County State's attorney. He has dystonia, a condition that causes muscle ticks and tremors. So why is it significant? 'cause it so he went out and got some gas. It was significant to us.


'cause why would he lie about it? So what got fuel? What does that prove? Investigators believed it was proof. Tar was lying about his whereabouts that night. They placed him under arrest. You're Under arrest for murder. Afte says they arrested Tara immediately because they feared Kris's life was in danger and they hadn't found the murder weapon. If he was outta custody, could he take further steps to dispose of the evidence? Just one day after Leslie Reeves was killed and Chris Smith was left fighting for his life, investigators believe they had the man responsible in custody.


I'm Aaron Moriarty, Bobby Tar. But in his only media interview, Bobby Tar tells 48 hours they got the wrong guy. There is so many things untold that will prove my innocence. Bobby Tar charged with the murder of Leslie Reeves and the attempted murder of Chris Smith is nothing if not unflappable. Did you kill Leslie Reeves? No.


Did you shoot Chris Smith? No. He kept his cool. Even when confronted with a litany of lies, he told investigators, you told the police you only left the house once. Mm. That wasn't true. Correct? You told the police you had no idea where Farmersville is. That was a lie. You lied about getting gas in your car that night When he spoke with us, Tara admitted he was at Christmas house the night before Thanksgiving, placing himself at the scene of the crime. He says the night began when he met Leslie at her part-time job at this loft store.


She had said she was gonna go meet some friends because one of their friends was playing in a band. She asked me if I wanted to go and I said, well, You know I would go, but I have my youngest daughter staying with me for a week. Tar says that when he declined the invitation, Leslie asked if he would follow her to Farmersville because her van was unreliable. And so he did. That makes no sense to Leslie's friend Amy Steinhower. She was Terrified of him. Rightfully so. Just a few weeks earlier, Amy says, Leslie told her that Tara had shown up while she was on a first date with a different guy.


After that incident, Leslie told Amy she was frightened by tar and texted Amy, I could be killed by him someday if I don't cut all contact. So you're telling me now that this woman who was scared of you, who had actually texted a friend that she thought you might kill her, asked you to follow her to another man's house. Does that make any Sense? No. I understand. So I don't understand that text in general. Why Did she think you might kill her? I don't know. I've got no clue. Tar says Leslie lied to her friends about their relationship.


He insists she asked him to follow her north to Farmersville. So I went with her up there. I think we arrived there around seven 30. Par I parked in front of her van in front of his house. That's as far as I went. I left. I never went back to Farmersville again. If he had an innocent explanation for why he was in Farmersville, why did he lie to detectives? My daughter, her and Leslie? There was a little bit of tension between both them. I did not want her to know that I was going to meet Leslie that night To our claims that after he lied to his daughter Shelby about seeing Leslie, he stuck to that lie at the police station because he was afraid they would tell her and he never corrected those lies.


Even when detectives arrested him. Why not just say, look, between you and me, I lied to my daughter. So let me tell you the truth, but let's just not share that with her. Why wouldn't you do That? I should have done that. He's quick to point out the lack of physical evidence connecting him to the bloody crime scene. Investigators searched his white Jetta, but did not find any shards of glass or blood stains. Two tests by the state police were done on my car. Zero blood found in my car. There's zero DNA of mine at the crime scene. Anything from the crime scene in my car or on me or any of my clothing or my shoes?


Zero Prosecutor a fronte has to concede that point. Was any of Ty's DNA found inside the house? No. Were any of his fingerprints found inside the house? No. And authorities still had not found the murder weapon, but a week after the shooting, they got a phone call from Tara's friend Billy Adams. Adams said Tarek called him from jail. That call was recorded. What's Your day look like today? 'cause I need 10 minutes of your time. Tara asked Adams to go to his house and look for some deck brackets. I got some special aluminum brackets and that I need you to get because therefore another job that I didn't tell dad about yet.


So don't say nothing to him. Instead, Adams contacted the sheriff's office. Deputies suspected tar knew the phone call was being recorded and was speaking to his friend in code about something other than deck brackets Literally. So just, yeah, get 'em and get rid of them. They thought that was suspicious, which was why they went over and searched. Investigators were on their hands and knees in Tara's yard looking for a gun. Dan Foltz is Tara's defense attorney. They searched that area thoroughly. No gun You know what they did find deck brackets.


A few days later they got another phone call this time from Tara's brother asking them to come back to the house. Tara's family gave deputies a Ziploc bag they said they had found in the same yard that had been searched just days earlier. Inside a Springfield Hellcat nine millimeter pistol and silver colored ammunition. The Illinois State Police determined the gun was the murder weapon and the ammunition matched the casings found at the crime scene. We still to this day, don't know how that ended up there specifically in the spot that they searched.


Are you saying you were set up, someone was framing you? Yes, But if someone was framing tar, he or she would have to be pretty detail oriented. The state police say Tara's fingerprint was on the Ziploc bag. He is adamant that he would not have been dumb enough that he would've carried it all the way back to his home and said, Hmm, where would I put this gun on my one acre lot? I think I'll put it next to the front door. And tar points out neither his prints nor DNA were found on the gun itself. Nothing on the firearm, no DNA.


No prints of mine on the firearm. What I think what happened is, is that the gun was cleaned and that Mr. Tar just missed a spot. That spot was Leslie's DNA say, police found on the guide Rod of the gun. Tara's explanation The gun wasn't his. It belonged to Leslie. I purchased the Hellcat and Leslie purchas it from me. As investigators continue to build a case against Bobby Tar, they say he was hatching a plan to silence. The only eyewitness did you ask a inmate to shoot Chris Smith?


What do you make of Bobby Tara's story? Chat now with the 48 hours team on


Facebook, Andex On your next great adventure. Check into a boat hotels. So this time you can bring the whole family, make yourself at home or go wild, immerse your senses and seize the night. Even If. That means staying in Find a boat. Hotels across the Canberra region and beyond


From the award-winning Masters of Audio Horror. Oh, I see a face right up against the window. Bleach white, no hair, black eyes. A round hole for a mouth. It's flat. Taylor. It's completely flat. I don't know what that is. I don't know what kind of a head is. Flat Comes the return of dark sanctum. What is that coming under the door? It's blood. Seven Original chilling tales inspired by the Twilight Zone and tales from the crypt. Get back in your car, Lizzie. It's okay. I'm here now. Josh, get in your car. Starring Bethany Joy lens. Clive Standin and Michael O'Neill. Welcome to the Dark sanctum. Listen to dark sanctum Season two exclusively on Wondery Plus. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app Apple Podcasts for Spotify.


Leslie accompanied me here on several occasions. If there's anyone who knew what guns Leslie Reeves owned, it's Howard Bolton, her close friend and firearm instructor. When I would hold classes, she would actually shoot with us. Leslie was becoming a very good shot. Bolton's has. Leslie had organized a class called Girls with Guns not long before she was murdered. We put the girls through their paces. They would move and fire. They would go forward and fire. They would come back and fire. And Leslie did very, very well at that. Bobby Tar insisted to us that Leslie owned the Hellcat that was used to kill her.


But Howard says he never saw her use it. Leslie never brought a Springfield, let alone a Hellcat to class. So then how did Leslie's DNA get on the guide rod of the murder weapon? Howard believes that Leslie's DNA could only be on that guide Rod if the gun was fired at her at close range. So when he shot her, wherever it was, he shot her, would've contaminated that part of the gun. In fact, Howard says Leslie owned a different gun. Her friends say they wish she had taken it with her the night she was killed. Had Leslie taken the gun with her.


I assure you the outcome would've been different. Tar declared his innocence, but the case against him could hinge on what Chris Smith, the only survivor remembers. Would he be able to identify him? That was the question. As Chris remained in a coma, We were talking to him, singing to him, and I was always holding his hand. While Chris Smith lay helpless. Authorities say tar was plotting to silence him forever. A grand jury indicted tar on two counts of solicitation of murder.


Those charges are based on allegations by an inmate who says Tar paid him $10,000 to shoot and kill the lead detective. And Chris, did you ask a inmate to shoot Chris Smith? No ma'am. And to kill Detective Roach? No ma'am. Tar says the alleged plot was a lie concocted by a former cellmate. Tar says he loaned that cellmate $10,000 for his bond and that it had nothing to do with Chris Smith. Were you worried he was going to testify and point to you as the shooter?


No, I was not worried one iota. The truth was that no one knew what Chris Smith remembered. The first time he regained consciousness was in early January, 2022, about two months after the shooting. Like eggs, young eggs too Young. Chris's voice was so weak in those early days. It's already done over there. That is old friend Mark Rearden, a talk show host in St. Louis. 5 22 97, 1 FM talk. Mac barely recognized Chris on the phone. I could not believe that I was hearing from this guy and I cried.


He cried. Just talking about that moment really brings me chills because I just thought he was never gonna be someone that was in my life ever again. What did Chris tell you? Well, when Chris came out of this, I was pretty sensitive to ask him about what had happened that night because I think I was a little afraid of even having those conversations. So most of the conversations that we had were really focused on, Hey, how are you? Are you gonna be okay? After intense physical therapy, he's made incredible strides. He's much stronger than when he awoke from a coma. But he discovered there are gaps in his memory. What does he remember from that terrible night?


I wish to God I could remember something. I mean even just a a smidgen of something. But I remember nothing. He remembers nothing of the shooting or Leslie Reeves. I said, who the heck's Leslie? I don't know. Leslie, You had no idea. No, nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Is Chris the same person who used to come on your show before he was shot? Yeah, I think at the core, he's still the same guy that I knew. He's still the smart ass. He's still the guy that's gonna talk about how good he is and how good he was and how much he could lift weights. Chris works out at the gym most mornings trying to regain muscle so that someday he'll be able to walk without assistance.


Strength. He's even back to being the lead singer in his rock and roll band. I don't know how he did make it. I don't understand how he did. He's a miracle. But Chris is aware his life is very different from what it once was. So I'm half the man I used to be, but I'm trying to get it back as hard as I can. And then my left leg is partially paralyzed from my hip to my knee, then from my knee to my toes completely paralyzed. So if there's any neurosurg out there, any researchers out there, please get ahold of me. I'll be your Guinea pig. Just make me normal. Give my life back, please. It's tough, isn't it, Chris?


It tough. Doesn't even describe it. It doesn't even describe it. Chris has resigned to living with part of that hollow point bullet in his brain. Doctors say it's in a spot that makes it too dangerous to remove. So that's where you got shot? Yep. Right here. There's a, yep. You still feel it on my skull right there. After decades on his own, Chris had to move back into his mother's house. I thank my blessings daily that he's here with us. I just wish that this guy didn't take everything away from him. Chris visits with his loyal dog Tiki, but no longer lives with her. And he'd love to see his 12-year-old daughter more often, but he can't drive.


And he's living in St. Louis almost two hours away from his daughter, an ex-wife. I miss here. She's my little pee in the pod. I mean, we did everything together. The trial of Robert Tar was set for April, 2024, but Chris would not be there. He told the prosecutor he was too angry to attend. You didn't think you'd be able to just sit there? Oh, No. No way. I I know myself. I There's no way. No, But Chris's alleged shooter, Bobby Tar will be there and he said he was eager to tell the jury that he's not a violent man. But on this one night, early morning, did you snap?


No, That's not my nature. I don't lose it. Snap. Follow Along with Chris's remarkable


story@fortyeighthours.com. It was 1983. Power suits and perms were all the rage, nightclubs, pulse with energy, and from bedrooms to boardrooms. Cocaine was the drug of choice. One woman was raking in cash to keep that supply chain moving. Her name was Lainey Jacobs. But Lainey had her sight set higher. She dreamed of becoming a Hollywood movie producer. That's how it starts. Before it ends, someone will be shot dead. From Wondery and the team behind the hit series, Hollywood and Crime comes a gripping tale of ambition, betrayal, and the dark side of movie making. Follow Hollywood and Crime, the Cotton Club murder on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcast. Listen everywhere on December 2nd, or you can binge all episodes early and ad free on Wondery Plus starting November 11th,


Christine Herron was 15 years old in the spring of 1993 when she disappeared. And in over 30 years, there has been no trace of her. I did know before the night was over, she was dead. Though A story of murder and heartbreak and investigative error, He was 90% sure he was gonna be convicted From CBC podcasts. I'm David Ridge and this is Someone Knows Something. Season nine, the Christine Herron case available now.


Now, when Bobby Tarr went on trial in April, 2024, prosecutors told the jury that he killed Leslie Reeves rather than allow her to live the life she wanted a life without him, Mr. Tar couldn't deal with the fact that Leslie was seeing somebody else and he had to go and take care of it. Andrew Afte says Tar secretly followed Leslie to Farmersville early that evening and shortly afterwards, his phone began showing some interesting activity. He had actually searched Chris Smith on his phone, had tried to find his Facebook profile Tar headed home and texted his friend Billy Adams.


I don't feel like she would drive that far for a party or go out with a girlfriend. I think it's for a dude. He also searched whether police could track his phone if he was using A-V-P-N-A virtual private network. He was researching to determine whether or not that would mask where his location was while he was using the phone. Authorities say around midnight tar left home stopping at that gas station. And then according to Afte surveillance videos and cell tower records show that tar drove back to Farmersville. You believe he intended to kill both Chris and Leslie?


I a hundred percent believe that he went up there with the intent to do serious harm to both 'em With one victim dead and the other with no memory. It's difficult to say with certainty what happened, but the prosecution argued that sometime after 1:00 AM Bobby Tar tried to enter through the back door of Christmas House. Leslie and Chris tried to keep him out. There was some kind of altercation or struggle and that's when the glass was broken. Crime scene investigator Josh Easton told the jury what he had observed inside the kitchen.


The refrigerator was pulled away from the wall where it appeared it normally was. Prosecutors believe Leslie was trying to use the refrigerator to block the door. And based on where Chris was shot in his head, they think he was crouching down to help Leslie. I think that while Chris was crouched down, trying to hold the door shut, Bobby shot through the door and struck Chris With Chris incapacitated. Afte says Leslie hid in the living room. Tar tracked her down shot and killed her. I strongly believe that he walked in and executed her Defense attorney, Dan Foltz disputes all of that.


There is simply no evidence that that's what happened. There's no evidence that Leslie pushed the refrigerator. There's no fingerprints and blood on the refrigerator of Leslie's. Foltz says, evidence of a fight in the kitchen tells a different story. The amount of blood in that kitchen was astonishing From looking at that crime scene. Do you believe that Christopher Smith had to fight his his assailant in the kitchen? It would appear to me that there was some significant struggle in that kitchen between him and someone else. And he says the assailant could not have been Bobby Tar because he would've been covered in blood.


They did not identify a single piece of DNA in his car. They did not identify a bloody fingerprint. They did not identify anything tying him to that crime scene. But prosecutors argued the house wasn't bloody when tar left. They said Chris bled heavily in the 12 hours it took for help to arrive. And while the prosecution did not have a lot of forensic evidence linking tar to the crime scene affront, he says his phone activity, his lies to investigators and the evidence found on the Hellcat all prove his guilt. When he put all that together, that's when you get the clear picture of what happened When it was the defense's turn.


Tar says he wanted to tell his story to the jury, but he chose not to testify. Why didn't you just decide you were gonna talk to the jury and tell this story if in fact you have a story to tell? I should have. I very well should have. We made a strategic decision because it may have opened the door for a whole lot of other more damaging evidence to be used to cross-examine him. The defense didn't put on any witnesses and counted on the jury to find reasonable doubt in the lack of physical evidence. After three hours, the jury found Bobby Tar, guilty of first degree murder and attempted murder.


Everyone clapped and Bobby just sat there shaking his head. Two months later, tar was back in court for sentencing. And this time so was Chris to tell the judge how the shooting impacted him and his family. Cameras were not allowed in the courtroom. Lost my house, lost my truck. I've literally lost my life without being killed. Tar also spoke and denied shooting. Leslie and Chris. The judge sentenced him to 85 years. I hope The rest of his time on this earth is hell.


Leslie Reeve's friends are focused on keeping her memory alive. She was a light of a lot of people's lives. She was always smiling. She was a very good mother, lived for her kids and was an advocate and champion of women, women's rights, and especially women that were abused. If it can happen to her, it could happen to anyone. So we all need to be careful. Christmas says he never expected he'd be a victim of domestic violence and cautions other men to take a hard look at their behavior.


And if guys you feel like that you want, you wanna hurt a woman, get help. While Chris mourns his old life, he's writing a book about his experiences and says he's working to make what he calls poor man's margaritas. Out of the lemons and limes he's been handed. I've got a do over. Good Lord, gimme a do over. Not many people get a second chance in life. Chris has found love with Michelle Albrecht. She's an angel loving me and accepting me the way that I am. He proposed to her on stage. I I just asked. She married me. Guys, What's the most important lesson out of all of this?


Don't ever give up on anything ever. No matter how bad things are, don't ever give up. Leslie's two children are being raised by their father. Bobby Tar is still awaiting trial on solicitation of murder


charges. As a kid growing up in Chicago, there was one horror movie I was too scared to watch. It was called Candyman. But did You know that the movie Candyman was partly inspired by an actual murder? Listen to Candyman, the true story behind the Bathroom Mirror murder, wherever you get your podcasts,


I'm Erin Moriarty of 48 Hours. And of all the cases I've covered, this is the one that troubles me most. Listen to Murder In, the Orange Grove The Trouble Case against Crosley Green, wherever you get your podcast.


If you like this podcast, you can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at wondery.com/survey.


Did You know that after World War ii, the US government quietly brought former Nazi scientists to America in a covert operation to advance military technology? Or that in the 1950s, the US Army conducted a secret experiment by releasing bacteria over San Francisco to test how a biological attack might spread without alerting the public. These might sound like conspiracy theories, but they're not. They're well-documented government operations that have been hidden away in classified files for decades. I'm Luke Lamana, a Marine Corps recon vet, and I've always had a thing for digging into the unknown. It's what led me to start my new podcast, redacted Declassified Mysteries. In it, I explore hidden truths and reveal some eye-opening events like covert experiments and secret operations that those in power tried to keep bearing, follow redacted, declassified mysteries with me. Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts to listen ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app


Dracula the ancient vampire who terrorizes Victorian London blood and garlic bats and crucifixes Even If. You haven't read the book. You think You know the story. One of the incredible things about Drac is that not only is it this wonderful snapshot of the 19th century, but it also has so much resonance. Today, The vampire doesn't cast a reflection in the mirror. So when we look in the mirror, the only thing we see is our own monstrous abilities From the host and producer of American History tellers and History Daily comes the new podcast, the Real History of Dracula. We'll reveal how author Bram Stoker rated ancient folklore, exploited Victorian fears around sex, science and religion, and how even today we remain enthralled to his strange creatures of the night. You can binge all episodes of the real history of Dracula exclusively with Wondery Plus join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts, or Spotify.


Did You know that after World War ii, the US government quietly brought former Nazi scientists to America in a covert operation to advance military technology, or that in the 1950s, the US Army conducted a secret experiment by releasing bacteria over San Francisco to test how a biological attack might spread without alerting the public. These might sound like conspiracy theories, but they're not. They're well-documented government operations that have been hidden away in classified files for decades. I'm Luke Lamana, a Marine Corps recon vet, and I've always had a thing for digging into the unknown. It's what led me to start my new podcast, redacted Declassified Mysteries. In it, I explore hidden truths and reveal some eye-opening events like covert experiments and secret operations that those in power tried to keep buried.


Follow redacted, declassified mysteries with me. Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app.