
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today. Fans of the 48 Hours podcast. Know that a good lead is always worth checking out. And if you're a listener who enjoys from the car, you'll wanna know that the National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an Adventure Ready RAV4 available with all Wheel drive. The new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain or wherever your story takes you. Or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander with three spacious rows of seating for up to eight passengers.


Plus, both Rav fours and Highlanders are available in hybrid models. So no matter your style, you can drive efficiently and save on gas. Visit your local Toyota dealer and check out amazing National Sales Event deals on RAVs Highlanders and more. When you visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota. Let's go places. Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds At Mid Mobile, we like to do the opposite of what Big Wireless does. They charge you a lot. We charge you a little. So naturally, when they announced they'd be raising their prices due to inflation, we decided to deflate our prices due to not hating you.


That's right. We're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees. Extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes of detail. When an emergency strikes every second counts. For Doctors Without Borders, teams around the world Seconds can often mean the difference between life and death. So we don't waste a single one every second and every dollar is a critical resource. That means more vaccines given, more wounds bandaged, more surgeries performed, and more lifesaving research done. We are counting on your support. Make a lifesaving donation today@doctorswithoutborders.org slash cps.


Fire at 2 6 3 Franklin Street. It started with a candle and exploded into an infernal. This fire was a monster. Six firefighters trapped. You couldn't see anything in there trying to rescue a homeless company. If he knew anyone was in the building, he would be right in there. He was doing his job. Exclusive details. What's going through your head at this moment? We've gotta get this done. We don't have a lot of time. From the heat of battle, all of a sudden there was a radio message, Which way to go. We're running. We wanna get outta here. And Bill lag has the remarkable story of the homeless teenager accused of helping to start the fire.


When I saw the picture, I knew immediately Will an amazing twist of fate, turn her life around forever. This Tragedy doesn't need another victim, A devastating fire that captured the nation's heart. I said, my God, my son is trapped In that building. Heroes Under Fire. First alarm sounded here. Central Station in the heart of Western Massachusetts. It set off a chain of events unlike anything this city had ever seen.


What happened here is a story of courage and sacrifice. We'll take you behind the lines, into a world where bravery, honor, and devotion to work into family are on display every day. A world where seemingly ordinary men perform extraordinary deeds. All of it unfolding during a moment of crisis. A flashpoint for an entire city. But there's also a remarkable twist of fate that only underscores the dangers of the job and the selfishness of those who do it. Heroes Under Fire.


Boy. Got it? Okay, we go the light. John? Yes sir. That's all you have. Every day. The firefighters of Worcester, Massachusetts come to work ready to do what they've been trained to do and what they love to do. We believe we are the penultimate tough guys. I want Anybody else. We believe that we cannot be beaten. Alright bro, we're going in.


We believe that we're gonna go win and we're gonna solve the problem and we're gonna beat this building. We're gonna win and we're gonna leave just like we do every other time. Captain Robert A. Johnson, We always believe we can do the job. And District Chief Mike McNaney this. This Is just, this is our job. This is what we do. Had never seen a building beat any of their men that Looks live on the left. Okay. But when they went to do their job one evening, these firefighters faced a fire that still haunts them every day. Last thought before I close my eyes at night. First thought when I wake up in the morning, if I wake up during the night, it's what's on my mind. And a hundred times during the day, It was December 3rd, 1999, just after six in the evening, All of a sudden the alarm hit A report of smoke coming from a downtown warehouse fire.


It's 2 63 Franklin Street Right away. It's a bad building. It's the Worcester Cold Storage Building. A relic from the industrial age. The Worcester Cold Storage Building had been vacant for almost a decade. And why did you say that's a bad building? If you can picture a building that has virtually no windows in it, six stories worth of no windows, 18 inch thick brick walls, very difficult to make your way around inside. You could lose your bearings very easily, But when they got to the warehouse, there were no flames in sight. It was a light to moderate smoke condition showing at the roof. At that point, I can remember saying, well, it doesn't look too bad Still, just as a precaution, chief McNamee called for backup as the arriving firefighters got down to work, laying hoses, venting the heat and smoke, searching for the fire, and also searching for anyone who might be inside.


So Many times we've gone into abandoned buildings and found people there. We never assume a building is empty. We always search. This time there was even more reason to search. I heard the first fire truck go by. I looked out the window and I seen it stop. Bill McNeil ran out of his diner. First thing I did was go out the door and run up the street. He reported that somebody might be inside. He knew two people who lived in the abandoned warehouse, 37-year-old Tom Leveque and 19 year old Julie Barnes. She said they had an apartment set up over There. He had seen them walking to the building that afternoon. We were already going through the search anyways, but then that made them comb it even more.


One of the first to start searching for the couple he Was doing his job Was Paul Brotherton. He had just always wanted to be a firefighter. Denise and Paul Brotherton were raising six boys. All of them knew how passionate their dad was about his job. What made it his passion? I think just the ability to be able to go in, to go in and make a difference, to save a comrade, to save someone from a building. Paul Breton's partner that night was Jerry Lucy. If he knew anyone was in the building, he would be right in there. That's just how he was. Jerry's wife, Michelle and the couple's, two sons, saw his passion for the job.


You know, he started collecting some pictures. They also saw the risks, And if you really look close at this picture, you will see a silhouette right there in the fire. And I asked him, what were you doing? And he says, well, to be quite honest with you, I was looking for a way to get out. Jerry, Lucy and Paul Brotherton now went inside this warehouse along with two dozen other men to search for the homeless couple who might be inside, but none of them knew what they were walking into that night. None of them knew that the homeless couple they were now searching for had knocked over a candle, which had set their belongings of lathes. None of them knew that this fire had already burned for 90 minutes before the alarm was called in.


We found the fire on the second floor and we were attacking it and we thought we had it boxed. Then in the blink of an eye, everything changed. I'd say three to four seconds. It went from you looking at me and talking at me to I'm not here anymore. Just gone Thick, accurate smoke given off by the burning, petroleum based insulation of the cold storage lockers blinded those inside. I gave a very loud yell on the stairway. I want all personnel down off the upper floors. I want a headcount taken. As the men made their way out of the smoke field building, all Of a sudden there was a radio message.


Rescue 600 to command. We're in the building. We're disoriented. We cannot find our way out. Somewhere inside the smoke field maze of cold storage rooms, Paul and Jerry were lost. We were looking At each other going, did you hear what he just said? To listen to men in that situation, especially when they're friends of yours. That'll never believe me. Yeah, I'll never forget it. Chief McNamee now ordered a new search to find Jerry and Paul. What's Going through your head at this moment? We've gotta get this done. We don't have a lot of time. The men, we walked back into a building that was now bursting into flames.


You couldn't see anything in there. You were just going by feel, senses, touch. And it was like nothing you've ever seen before In this doorway. Have you kept it? I'm in this doorway. Fifth floor. The men worked in ships. There were probably up to 40 people at one time. There was Tim Jackson and his partner, Tommy Spencer. Tommy Spencer had this look in his eyes there, let's get this done. And they just watched him just disappear up into the smoke. There was Joe McGirk and his partner, a young man named Jay Lyons. Jay has a very special place in in, in my heart because I moved into this house in 1977. Jay was 12 years old. He lived across the street. He became my young friend.


He used to always quiz me about the, the fire department, the firefighters, until he finally became a firefighter after he graduated from college. But that night, Jay was just another fireman doing his job. Sick. The searchers could find no trace of the homeless couple. And by now We had several transmission from Paul and Jerry, Paul Brotherton and Jerry Lucy's. Oxygen tanks were almost empty. Okay, we're on the floor now where buddy breathing, which means one of them ran out of here and they're taking the one face piece and they're going back and forth with it. Where buddy breathing hurry. But the building was turning into a giant oven with temperatures reaching over 3000 degrees.


And now some of the firefighters searching inside were lost. Which way to go? We're running low on there. We wanna get outta here. Chief McNamee faced the toughest decision of his life. How many more men would he risk to save those missing firefighters? I said, my God, my son is trapped in that building. That's next. This fire was a monster that was growing by the minute The fire is going on so loud, I can't hear you too well.


In less than an hour, a sighting of smoke on the roof of the Worcester Coal storage building had exploded into a raging four alarm blades, yet incredibly command mc. There were 40 firefighters inside the inferno running Low. We get outta here Searching for two comrades. Paul Brotherton and Jerry Lucy lost inside the building. We Were fighting time and it was getting down to a critical point. At that point. District Chief McNamee was about to see it get even worse. Command ladder two, Two more men partners, Tim Jackson and Tom Spencer were not responding to radio calls. Ladder 200 to ladder two.


No answer. I'm listening to this. Trying to Make contact with Tim And Tom, with Tim and Tom. Nothing. And then the fourth or fifth call was almost a cry into the radio ladder. 200th, the ladder two answer me. I just went, oh my God, there's two more. The heavy black smoke was now pouring out of the storage lockers and into the stairway. It was Forcing you back down the stairs. You know you had to fight your way up. We almost got traffic As a federal inquiry later confirmed malfunctioning radios added to the confusion of the moment. 200. Every time you transmit your, your alarm goes off. Now I was asking people every time they came down, what are conditions like up there?


How bad is it getting up there? And when this very experienced lieutenant was coming down with his crew and he said, chief, we couldn't even make the third floor. That's when I knew I was, I was. It was time for a decision Fire. I had approximately a dozen firefighters lined up, ready to go up. I stood in the doorway at the base of that stairwell. I looked at them and I said, that's it. No more. Some of 'em started to to get vocal and said, what do you mean? What do you mean they're still up there? What do you mean no more? And that's when I said, look it, we've already lost four. We're not going to lose more.


Then Mcny called for an all out. Somebody gets into every fire truck and giving successive short blasts of all the air homes. They hear this, they know it's bailout time. What was Your first reaction? The chief said, I burst into tears, but then I had to stop and physically restrained some of the men that were with me. It was like somebody had collectively kicked them all in the stomach. They deflated. The shoulders slumped, the hands fell. The heads went down. After that final call, the fire just blew right through the roof And it just really sunk in.


There was, there wasn't anybody coming out There You knew there were guys in there and you didn't want to leave them in there. But we also realized too that the chief was making the right decision at that point in time that I don't know if I would've had the guts to make that call, and that might've cost this department more or less. But the worst was far from over. Engine three to 300. Jay itself call In. The officer of Engine three came up to me and said, chief, I can't find Jay or Joe. Nobody's seen them. Joe McGirk was last seen with Jay Lyons. The boy McNamee watched grow up to be a firefighter.


At that point you thought you'd lost four. Four. Now with six Through these moments developing into minutes, what's your interior conversation? You know, you hear the term, I have a heavy heart. I had the heaviest heart. I felt like a weight hanging in my chest. Looking at that building that night and just knowing that those six were in there, it was just a horrible, horrible feeling. There was no longer any way to fight this fire. All the firefighters could do was keep it from spreading and watch.


Also watching that night was the homeless couple the firefighters had gone looking for. Julie Barnes watched it from the window of a friend's motel room. Tom Leveque from the street. Word of the fire spread quickly through Worcester, two Worcester firefighters are confirmed dead tonight, and at least two more are missing. Michelle Lucy was at work. My brother called to tell me, you know that there was a fire in the city, and a lot of the times he would do that. Denise Brotherton was at home. Paul always came home this, this was not gonna be any different. Paul was always gonna come home And the parents of 34-year-old Jay Lyons, Joan and Jim were watching tv.


The news came on and she said, my God, six firefighters are missing. Is Jay working? And he was Mike McNamee, who had known Jay since he was a boy. He was the closest of the six. Went to break the news to Jay's family himself. Mike McNamee Came to the door. I've known him for 23 years, and I cannot ever remember Joan calling me Michael. It's always Mike. She opened the door and she said, Michael, do you have bad news for me? And he said, yes, That Jay was missing. It was a, it was just such a terrible feeling. Jay's father, Jim drove to the fire scene. I'll never forget that sight of that building. He needed to see for himself what his son was up against.


The flames were shooting a hundred feet in the air. I said, my God, my son is trapped in that building. It wasn't a a hopeless situation. I can tell you what Joan said to me most of the night, I wanna hold him in my house. More than 12 hours passed before the inferno was under control. As Dawn broke the city of Worcester and the Wir learned the devastating impact of the Blaze. 17 children left fatherless. Five women lost their husbands and the deaths of the six brave men touched countless other lives.


We walked in with six fellow firefighters and we're waiting to walk out with them. So now we have to find them. The task of finding their fallen brothers seemed almost impossible. The building's roof and interior had collapsed. We eventually had the left end of the building removed. Now we can go in and we can start searching by hand trying to find any sign of anybody. It was eight days. It was eight days, And for eight days, these guys didn't sleep for eight days. They searched for six of the alarm.


As the search continued over 30,000 firefighters from all around the world and a television audience of millions joined the city in honoring the fallen. Six, I was proud. I was very, very proud. Whether it was a homeless person or the richest person in the world, it made no difference to them. They knew their job was to save lives, And I was determined to hold my head high and say, this is for you, Jerry, Joe. Jay, Timmy, and Three days later, Paul Brotherton was the last of the six to be found.


These were my husband's dog tags that they found. I'm happy I was able to have something. But amid the grief and the tributes, Thomas s Levesque, Julie Ann Barnes, An arrest the homeless couple that the firefighters went looking for are charged with six counts of men's luck. If we can establish that arson occurred, then maybe a more appropriate charge could be murder. There's a lot happening in the world, especially during the holidays. It's hard to stay on top of it all. Luckily, audible's Best of 2024 Pixer here. So you don't miss a single standout title from this past year.


From memoirs and sci-fi to mysteries and thrillers, romance and wellbeing, or fiction, audible's, carefully curated list in every category is the best way to catch up on the year's top titles in audio entertainment. There's the star-studded production of George Orwell's 1984, which both honors and reinvigorates the terrifying classic or romances that hit the spot. Like Emily Henry's funny story, even Heartfelt Memoirs and Supreme Court Justice Kaji, brown Jackson's lovely one delivers. If you're trying to look ahead to 2025 and focus on self-improvement, let hosts Williams, Sinclair Moore and Paige Gilbert take you on a spiritual journey with Sage. The House down. Don't stop there. Go to Audible dot com slash cbs pod and discover all the years best waiting for you.


That's Audible dot com slash cbs pod Audible. There's more to imagine when you listen. Hi listeners. This episode is brought to you in part by Echo Kids. Echo Do Kids is a cute, smart speaker with Alexa made just for kids. Echo Dot Kids can help foster your children's independence by allowing them to learn and explore. Kids can express their unique personalities by customizing their device with fun, greetings, jokes and character inspired songs. Plus, with features like math help and trivia quizzes, your kid will always be learning. You can have peace of mind. Knowing Echo Dot Kids automatically gives kid friendly answers and filters out explicit music. Purchase of an Echo Do Kids comes with one year of Amazon Kids, plus a digital subscription designed for kids age three to 12 to learn, grow, and explore.


Shop the device this holiday season at amazon.com/echo Kids. As Worcester Mourns. Major breaking developments in that tragic warehouse, Inferno and Worcester that kills six firefighters. The two people who started the fire are brought into court to be charged. Two homeless people are charged with accidentally setting that Blaze. 37-year-old Tom Leveque, a drifter and his 19-year-old companion, Julianne Barnes, who is three months pregnant. They'd been living illegally in the vacant warehouse for months. They had recently argued, both had been in the building prior to the fire and knocked over a candle, which ignited some clothing.


They tried to extinguish it but did not. They're charged with six counts of manslaughter, six counts for six dead firefighters. The investigation is still continuing. We're not certain what kind of evidence may be revealed, if any. The Police say the pair not only failed to put out the fire, they failed to report it. They should have been aware enough to notify somebody that there was a fire there. Instead, they listened to music at a nearby mall. They were right over in this area. The store manager overheard them arguing right over. She was raising a voice at him and it seemed like she was angry at him. Then they went to have dinner at a food kitchen, and then they went their separate ways.


He stayed overnight in a friend's apartment. She stayed with a friend in a hotel room and watched the fire from a fourth floor window. If we can establish that arson occurred, then maybe a more appropriate charge could be murder. But while Julie Barnes and Tom Levek are being held in prison on high bail, awaiting trial, 300 miles to the north, really a world away here along the coast of Maine, something is about to happen that will change this case completely. Tim and Deb King live in Ellsworth, Maine. One day, two weeks after the fire, Tim King picks up the morning paper to read the latest account of the tragedy. But when he sees this photograph of Julie Barnes troubled bewildered face, Tim King notices something remarkable.


I looked at the picture of Julie and said, gosh, she looks remarkably like my daughter. Jennifer, 16-year-old Jennifer is Tim and Deb King's adopted daughter. When I saw the picture, I knew immediately it was Jennifer's biological sister. Deb King had always known. Jennifer had an older sister named Julie. She had met Julie when she adopted Jennifer in Worcester 13 years ago. Deb also knew that the sisters shared a significant limitation. Jennifer is diagnosis, mentally retarded. Most of her testing puts her at about a seven, 8-year-old functioning level. What was Julie's condition? Similar to what I felt. Jennifer's was very shy, slow, But when the kings adopted Jennifer, they felt they just couldn't take on two kids with special needs.


And Julie was left behind in foster care And I never forgot about ever, ever. I never always wondered. You had a sense though, that Julie's life was not anything close to her sister, Jennifer's Life, right? I I knew that You felt that she would, wherever she was, She wouldn't have think Not good. No, it wasn't good. In and out of foster homes, then a life on the streets. And now while Julie awaits trial in Worcester, she Always had that happy little smile. This is her first hissy Fit actually, back in Maine. Jennifer King, we're looking at pictures of you, the sister who grew up with love and support After dinner. Jen, you need to take a Shower. A special education honor roll student.


She's certainly been on the honor roll a lot more than I was. He's getting ready for the last day of school. Tell me about her personality. She's just sweet. Good night, sweetheart. She looks for the good in everybody. She's just a beautiful, wonderful child. These two sisters who've led strikingly different lives have the kings wondering, what if When you look at it and you realize that, oh my God, you know, this could have been my daughter manslaughter. Six counts. You think that Julie wouldn't have had the wherewithal to realize that the warehouse was on fire and that she needed to call the authorities? That's Correct. Do you think that she knew the seriousness of the fire? No.


Do you think she knew the potential? No. Of the fire? Absolutely not. What is it that you would like to do for her? Bring her here In your home. That's correct. Why burden yourselves with this? I mean, you've got enough on your hands now. I feel a real commitment that I, it's Jennifer's sister and maybe we can give Julie the chance that she hasn't had. It's the right thing to do And it's the right thing to do. We have to get her out Of there. And so after a meeting with Julie in prison, this is a Girl that's limited on The kings make a major decision, Six counts of manslaughter.


They will first work to get her out on bail. Oh God. And then fight to get the charges dropped. We're going down to Massachusetts. We're gonna speak to groups. Welcome to Worcester. We're gonna speak to individuals. If it wasn't for us, that could be Jennifer. We're gonna speak to organizations and for them it was like looking in America, they look so much alike. We're gonna raise this money. We're trying to raise $75,000 for the bail money. But in Worcester, where the wounds are still fresh, what they want for Julie will be a tough sale. I don't think we've healed enough for someone to come on the radio and ask for money to help this girl. What did she do wrong? And you don't think she has any responsibility to, What did she do wrong? They certainly could have called 9 1 1.


They certainly could have told somebody. We can understand a fire starting accidentally. However, we find it troublesome and hard to understand that the fire department was not notified. Julie Ann Barnes was before the court. What do you say to the families of those firefighters to the 17 children who will never see their father again To the to the grieving widows, what do you say about your fight to have the charges dropped? We say to them, we have the utmost respect for them, for the families, for the firefighters. That we feel a tremendous sadness at their loss.


But this tragedy doesn't need another victim. Here we go to the post office. Will the kings get Julie out of prison a hundred dollars? Or will she pay the price? Will the deaths of six firefighters In the weeks that followed the building that had taken such a terrible toll on this city, surrendered to the wrecking ball. Remnants of the old coal storage warehouse were torn down and cleared away 300 miles away. In Ellsworth, Maine, Deb and Te King are on a mission to get Julie Barnes outta prison on Bailo and get all of the charges dropped.


She's one of two homeless people charged with six counts of manslaughter for the firefighter's deaths. Correspondent Bill Lagattuta continues now with Julie's story. Julie Barnes has been in prison for more than eight months. She's given birth to a baby boy who's been placed with a family for possible adoption. May I please court, your Honor, but Julie May soon get out. If her lawyers can persuade a judge to reduce her bail, Julie May Be released in the next day or So. Oh God. My heart is like pounding. I'm like so excited. Finally, the king's hard work has paid off. Thank you folks. The judge has ruled Julie's companion. Tom Leveque will stay in prison on high bail.


But because of the efforts of Deb and Tim King, Julie's bail is reduced. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. To $25,000. I got the money. I'm on my way to the prison. We're gonna, Which is just about all the kings have been able to raise. I had to take $25,000 in cash in my trunk. Doesn't this look like something in the old days, it's a cowboy and drive all the way to Massachusetts. The charges still stand, but Julie is released from prison in the custody of the kings. Today is a miracle because you live in your small town, you work with your community, but you just never realize that you can make a change like this. There's a big change. You know, we've made a big change.


Okay, bye-bye everybody. It's a five hour car ride home to Ellsworth, Maine. My sense tells me she really wants this family. She really wants the structure. I've got one of these. You like these? Yeah. The following morning, Julie Barnes is getting to know her new family. Let's pretend they're not there. Julie is painfully shy. Put It in you. Oh God. But by the time the kings hit the shopping mall, she's beginning to feel a little more comfortable. There You go. There's your shoes. The kings can't wait to see Julie Reunited with her younger sister. Jennifer. Julie. Julie. That happens a week later when they pick up Jennifer from summer camp. Guess who's Here?


You guess who's here? Give her a hug guys. At first the meeting is a bit awkward. No Hug. Give her a hug. Pizza helps break the ice. These two sisters, sisters with similar faces and similar limitations. Sisters separated for 13 years, are starting to find each other. But how old is Julie? She's She's 20. She's 20. How would you describe her intellectual age and her emotional age? She goes anywhere from a 12-year-old to maybe a 14-year-old. You know, she's like the boy crazy age. You like nsync? Yep. Justin, he's fine looking.


Come on. Can you look at me for a second? I wanna see your pretty face. Come on. I've been looking at pictures of you and I look at pictures. You see you. What do you He's never met you. I've never met you before. Yeah. Come on. I'm not that bad to look at. I'm not. I don't look like Justin. I'm not as cool as he is. Does she understand the charge against her? No. Why? She's in court? No. Do you understand all of what's going on? Yeah. You do blame six manslaughter. Julie's muffled answer was, they blame me for six Manslaughters. But will she be tried? If so, this will be a difficult case to prove. Is there a duty to report a fire? Does her disability, excuse her, failure to report?


Should her companion be held more responsible? Or was this simply a horrible tragedy that produced six true heroes, but no true villains. What do you think the authorities should do? Drop the charges. Absolutely. Absolutely. Smile for the camera girl. I think that most people understand that even finding someone responsible, even finding someone at fault, will not bring closure to the pain and the, and the terrible wound that Worcester, the Worcester area suffered Doing anything. That these people would be the equivalency of kicking a puppy. It may feel good, but it's not gonna change anything and it's not gonna teach them anything.


Now Julie's lawyers must go back to court and ask the judge to drop all of the charges. Hi Julie. She still faces the possibility of 120 years behind bars. Even as difficult questions of justice Hang over this city and this case. The families of the six firefighters who were lost are facing another fight to try and rebuild their lives. You can't always see bad weather coming, so it's essential that you're able to see through it when you drive Michelin wiper blades with advanced technology. Hug your windshield like a Michelin tire.


Hugs the road, channeling away water, snow, and ice so you can see clearly drive confidently and breathe Easy Michelin wiper performance clearer than ever. Upgrade to Michelin premium wipers today at your local auto parts retailer. Hey Prime members. Have you heard? You can listen to your favorite podcast ad free Good news with Amazon Music. You have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcast. That's amazon.com/ad free podcast to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


Michael and Brian Brotherton. That's it. Much like your sister Come in, are no strangers to Worcester's Central Fire Station or the antics of the firefighter. They ride with us. They'll spend nights with us. They eat with us. They get yelled at by us. We cut them. No slack All over here. This is the rust side. For six years. This was their father's second home. This side is the engine all engine one. Our father slept right here. This was his bunk. Paul Brotherton died December 3rd, 1999 doing the job. He loved his son. Brian had always wanted to follow his dad. So when you come up, where do you sleep?


Down here with the rescue group? Yes. Yeah. Sleep in the same bed. As my dad slept in before the fire, I had an idea of being a firefighter. This is what generates the jaw of life Since the fire Michael's made up his mind. When did you decide you wanted to do something in firefighting? Pretty much right after the fire. They're very proud of their father And a lot of people, including this person might say. But having lost your husband to fire, does it occur to you? Well, maybe to hope against. Hope They won't do it. It doesn't bother me. I will respect them in whatever endeavor they choose.


You have six children? Yes. How do you cope with this? Hmm. They keep my feet planted every day. They always talked about Jerry having that twinkle in his eye. Jerry Lucy's wife. Michelle Smile is turning her grief into action. When you lose somebody who was so involved in something that he believed in, I think you really want to make something positive. You know, come out of it and and have their deaths not be in vain. If you had a vacant building. The campaign begins in Worcester. I'm on the abandoned building task force.


Michelle has teamed up with Kathy Spencer, the widow of firefighter, Tom Spencer. If The building is totally boarded up, They're looking at new waves to keep homeless people out of worcester's, vacant buildings to prevent future tragedies And they could be perforated So that the firefighter can see out. My name is Michelle Ara. Lucy Michelle is also lobbying the city for more training and equipment. Equipment like these thermal imaging cameras, which allow firefighters to see through smoke. How You doing, Jeff? How I'm doing Fine. Since the tragedy, eight cameras have been donated to the department. I'm fighting now for his brothers and I'm fighting now for our future firefighters who may be my children someday.


There's 17 children that are left behind that I'm sure at least half of them are gonna be firefighters. The federal safety panel cited equipment failure and confusion over the building's layout. But the lead investigator acknowledged there's no way of knowing if anything could have prevented the deaths of the firefighters. You must think at least some of the time. Is there anything that I could have should have done differently? Well, if, if I was second guessing myself, one thing I, I wouldn't be sitting here talking to you right now. I'd be over in a corner somewhere curled up in a ball. The scary part about what happened that night was we fought that fire the way we fought a thousand other fires.


We went by the numbers. We vented, we entered, we attacked the fire and we searched. That's what we do at every fire. That, of course is my husband Paul. The support Denise Brotherton has received, not only from her community but across the nation, is helping her to cope with her loss. All of the letters and cards, about how many did you get? Somewhere between 30 and 40,000. This is one of 39 containers that I have accumulated. I had one letter up on my refrigerator that said, dear Mrs. Brother Tin Spite of me and used to be my hero, but no more, Mr.


Brotherton is What a wonderful thing for this job. Phenomenal. Phenomenal. This Is where everybody sits. The tribute Michael and Brian Brotherton want to make is to proudly wear the uniform of a Worcester firefighter, just like their dad Is. No better legacy than to have the son carry on in the footsteps of the father. And I think they would do themselves proud and their dad proud. While the Brotherton boys have a clear view of their destiny, judge Manslaughter six Counts. The future of Julie Barnes and Tom Lebeck hinges on a court's decision. They both face very serious charges at manslaughter.


How do you feel about that? It it, that's a hard one. They didn't start the fire on purpose. I wish they'd called. A judge decides their fate. Gain specialized knowledge at the crossroads of real estate. Sustainability. Built environments and infrastructure with Georgetown's one year masters in global real assets. Learn to make investment decisions across the built environment from traditional real estate to infrastructure and sustainability. Plus, you'll get firsthand experience underwriting live deals in hands-on real estate clinics.


And with personalized career coaching, as well as access to a robust network of business school alumni and industry leaders. You'll be equipped for success. It's time to tap into the rapidly expanding career opportunities in global real assets, including real estate infrastructure, private equity, and energy resources. Earn a master's in global real assets from Georgetown to gain in-demand skills and stand out in the real estate industry. Explore the program at msb.georgetown.edu/gr-podcast. Every day, thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists like Leslie vote people at the heart of everything they create.


With my team at Comcast, we developed the Xfinity Voice remote and tested it to recognize different types of accents, inflections, and languages. New movies. Movies for kids. Paras, FAMIS. Now 40 million voice commands a day are heard by the Xfinity Voice remote. Visit comcast corporation.com to learn more. Hey, In Maine, still facing six counts of manslaughter. Julie Barnes is trying hard to become a brand new person. What'd She say to you yesterday? How she can change her name to Sandy King and be part of the family. What has she told you about the night of the fire?


She just tells me she didn't do it. She had nothing to do with it. That she wasn't even there. That she wasn't even there. And then unexpectedly, there is a dramatic development in the court case. The judge drops the charges against the homeless couple accused of setting that deadly Worcester warehouse fire. They Dropped the charges against Julie. She doesn't have to go to court anymore. Oh my God. The judge dismisses all the charges against both Julie and Tom Laak. We're just extremely grateful that he made this decision and it was a well thought out decision. Was it wrong what they did to walk away from such a fire? Did they even know what they did? In the end, the judge rules the fire was an accident and decides the case by the letter of the law Alone in Massachusetts, there is no legal obligation to report a fire.


And since this broadcast first aired, whoa, girl, Did you like that? No, That's fine. Julie was hired as a full-time hotel housekeeper. You accomplished what many people said would be impossible to do. Yeah. I even think you had your doubts. I think a lot of people had their doubts. I know. We never doubted it. Yeah, that's We never doubted. We just knew it was gonna happen. Looks like that little cat likes you. It had to happen 'cause it was wrong. You know? And now I see how right I am about her, that she's just an innocent soul that got lost in the system and that's sad. Julie Barnes now free and living far from the streets of Worcester, free to begin a new life with a new and loving family.


The very same week Julie Barnes began her new life, the families of the six Wooster Firefighters whose lives were lost were in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Joining there at the site of a national memorial to firefighters who died in the line of duty, We're so proud of him, so proud of what he did. It is still so hard for the family of Jay Lyons and all the families of the Fallen six from Worcester. We are joined together today to honor those who have made the ultimate sacrifice.


America's bravest For the lions and the Brotherton and the loosies and the Jacksons and the McGirts and the Spencers. There was a chance to share a sense of loss and a sense of purpose with 53 other families. And somehow these families and these firefighters will carry on. He was doing his job. He had be saying, what's going on with all this stuff? We were just doing our job. The true heroes are these firefighters that had to get back on the Truck.


Every one of the guys sitting here at this table and everyone on this department are the same way. They're all heroes. As long as there's firefighters, there's gonna be heroes. If you like this podcast, you can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at wondery.com/survey. You don't believe in ghosts? I get it. Lots of people don't. I didn't either until I came face to face with them.


Ever since that moment, hauntings spirits and the unexplained have consumed my entire life. I'm Nadine Bailey. I've been a ghost tour guide for the past 20 years. I've taken people along with me into the shadows, uncovering the macabre tales that linger in the darkness and inside some of the most haunted houses, hospitals, prisons, and more. Join me every week on my podcast, haunted Canada as we journey through terrifying and bone chilling stories of the unexplained search for haunted Canada. On Apple podcast, Spotify, Amazon Music, or wherever you find your favorite podcasts, They say Hollywood is where dreams are.


Made. A seductive city where many flock to get rich, be adored and capture America's heart. But when the spotlight turns off, fame, fortune and lives can disappear in an instant. When TV producer Roy Radden was found dead in a canyon near LA in 1983, there were many questions surrounding his death. The last person seen with him was Laney Jacobs, a seductive cocaine dealer who desperately wanted to be part of the Hollywood elite together. They were trying to break into the movie industry, but things took a dark turn when a million dollars worth of cocaine and cash went missing. From Wondery comes a new season of the hit Show.


Hollywood and Crime, the Cotton Club Murder follow Hollywood in crime, the Cotton Club murder on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcast. You can binge all episodes of the Cotton Club murder early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus In the Pacific Ocean. Halfway between Peru and New Zealand lies a tiny volcanic island. It's a little known British territory called Pitcan, and it harbored a deep, dark scandal. There wouldn't be a girl on Pitcan once they reached the age of 10. That would still a virgin. It just happens towards I'm journalist Luke Jones and for almost two years I've been investigating a shocking story that has left deep scars on generations of women and girls from Pitcan.


When There's nobody watching, nobody going to report it, people will get away with what they can get away with. In the Pitcan trials, I'll be uncovering a story of abuse and the fight for justice that has brought a unique lonely Pacific Island to the brink of extinction. Listen to the Pitcan trials exclusively on Wondery Plus join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify.