(0s):
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.

(7s):
Even If, you love the thrill of true crime stories as much as I do. There are times when you wanna mix it up, and that's where Audible comes in with all the genres you love and new ones to discover. Explore thousands of audio books, podcasts, and originals with more added all the time. Listening to Audible can lead to positive change in your mood, your habits, and even your overall wellbeing. And you can enjoy Audible anytime while doing household chores, exercising, commuting, you name it. There's more to imagine when you listen. Sign up for a free 30 day Audible trial and your first audio book is free. Visit Audible dot ca.

(49s):
Giving a voice to someone who isn't here anymore is a heavy task, making sure that they're known as the person they were takes time and work and grit. I'm investigative journalist Kylie Lowe, and on my weekly podcast, dark Down East, I dig through archives and delve into aspects of cases from my home state of Maine and the Greater New England area. Join me each Thursday and check out the catalog of existing episodes of Dark Down East. Now, wherever you listen to podcasts,

(1m 33s):
To My parents had a very loving relationship. They were a team. They were always there for us whenever they always supported us. I thought it was great 'cause I love you too much. Mark She was very outgoing and, and very bubbly. I loved Kathy. Merry Christmas If. you could describe Kathy in one word. It would be fun. She had this musical laugh. Really enjoyed life There. It's Mark Mark. Wangler is an anesthesiologist, and by all counts, an excellent doctor. On your way Back, you bring some of those donut Mark Sweetss. He's considerate, he's smart, he's funny. Thank you.

(2m 13s):
Thank you very much. He's a very spiritual man. He Loves Mark Weger is a religious man. I'm Greg Solinsky. I'm the crime reporter at the Lyman News. I've been here for 16 years. On September fourth 2006. There was a strange incident at the Wrangler Home on Yorkshire Drive. My dad said that he woke up in the middle of the night. I remember having to go around and, and, and figure out, you know, is there a fire in the house? You know what alarm is going off? I figure out that it's the carbon monoxide detector, and I then go up to, to check on Kathy.

(2m 55s):
So he ran upstairs to check on my mom, and she wasn't responding. So then, then he started giving her CPR and called 9 1 1. People do die by accident. So it seemed like one of those things that we initially were gonna write about and probably never write about again. It's like one of these freak accidents that you hear from people of other people's families that this happened to. You never think it'll happen to yours. Nobody listed as a suspect. There really didn't seem like a reason to list anybody as a suspect. Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless, and tasteless gas. There were several things that were red flags suspicious in nature. Three years later, you start hearing some whispers behind the scenes.

(3m 38s):
You heard that they were in the house removing duct work. They were continuing to check into different angles. You think what's happening here? Why are they doing all this investigation? Is this a murder case? Now, I had formulated a theory that carbon monoxide had been forced through the duct work at a very high rate of speed over a short duration of time, up the duct work and into the room that Kathy was in. There's a lot of mystery and intrigue surrounding this case. We felt we had enough evidence to make an arrest. This was a murder. This whole case hinges on the theory that gas filled the garage, came down here to the basement, was sucked into this furnace, went up two floors and killed someone.

(4m 27s):
That's ridiculous. As police continued to investigate the strange death of Kathy Wangler in her home, at First it was just lonely and, and, and, and devastating Her husband, Dr. Mark weer found comfort in his church. He also found comfort in an old friend Esther Erman. The the thing is with Esther and I was, we had known each other for a long period of time, not romantically, you know, had just known each other.

(5m 12s):
In fact, Esther and her husband had been friends with Mark and Kathy for years. Yeah, I so them Many times they would go out with us, with my husband and I on many occasions. Esther, a psychologist with a PhD, had great respect for Mark, a top anesthesiologist in Lima Ohio. He's a good doctor. He's a requested doctor. He practiced for, you know, 29, 30 years with, you know, never losing a patient, never being sued for malpractice. They were brought together by an odd twist of fate. Esther had lost her spouse as well when he underwent a gender change operation and began living life as a woman.

(5m 55s):
Some of my friends tell me that I should write a book, but then I challenged them and I asked them, would it wind up in the autobiography or the fiction section? Because nobody would believe it. The couple began seeing each other and soon fell in love As people sail through life. You know, in, in a sense, he's the anchor that I need and I'm the wind in his sails. But Mark was still haunted by what he has always said was a bizarre accident when Kathy was killed by carbon monoxide poisoning that Labor Day weekend in 2006, It happened to be a Sunday. So Kathy and I got up and went to church together On that night.

(6m 39s):
The two were sleeping in separate bedrooms. I would go to bed earlier because I had to get up earlier. Kathy was very much a, a night owl. Mark was sleeping on the first floor here in the master bedroom. The, the next thing that I remember is waking up or being woken up by an alarm. We had the carbon monoxide alarm down in the, in the basement. A piercing sound. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Mark says his natural gas water heater had malfunctioned sending poisonous carbon monoxide into the duct work of the house. Kathy was sleeping here on the second floor, and horribly with this door closed.

(7m 25s):
This room became a gas chamber. Mark says he began staggering around feeling strangely woozy and disoriented the classic signs of carbon monoxide poisoning. I was nauseated. I I I remember vomiting somewhere along the line as I was going through the house, and I then go up to, to check on Kathy as She was sleeping on a one of those inflatable mattresses. Was she breathing? I guess She was at that point. I, I, I couldn't, I couldn't wake her up. Mark quickly calls 9 1 1. My Carbon monoxide detectors gone off and, and my wife's having a seizure.

(8m 7s):
I, I'm, I'm gonna start in all the windows and stuff. Please get here quickly. I did do a CPR on her Five Two. She's not coming around. Okay. Just go. Yes, they're on their way. Just go ahead and continue. CPR The paramedics rushed in, but just 38 minutes later, Kathy was pronounced dead at the hospital. Their youngest son, Aaron, away at college, received a call with the tragic news. I just cried the whole time. It was very like, I can't believe this is real. You know, like you just can't believe that your mom's gone, or like even one of your parents, and especially I was 21 at the time, you don't expect to lose a parent.

(8m 51s):
At so young, Aaron and his older brother Nathan rushed to Lima to be with the family. Just devastating my, just sobbed on each other's shoulders. We just hauled and bone. The only reason he survived, mark says is blind luck. He says, Kathy caused the toilet in the master bathroom to overflow. Mark had opened a window and turned on a fan to air the room out. Mark was questioned by police, but not charged with Esther by his side. He slowly moved on with his life and returned to work.

(9m 31s):
He was having somebody who's a, you know, an anchor. A point of sanity in my life was, was such a blessing. And 14 months after Kathie's death, they were married. I take it you love this man. I do. I love him very much. They settled into a life focused on each other and their church traveling to Zambia on aid missions We've been providing means to have water wells drilled in that country, which just has a, a huge impact.

(10m 11s):
But back in Lima, the newlyweds lived under a cloud of suspicion. You've, you've talked about insinuation and you know, there's sort of a whisper campaign out there. Absolutely. That suggests you and Mark were having an affair prior to Kath's death. Is that true? No. He didn't even hold my hand, Peter until after my divorce was final. That's the kind of man he is. While Mark believed the investigation was over Allen County prosecutor, Jurgen Waldi never closed the case. Always troubled by Mark's story On the very night that your wife is killed by carbon monoxide, you happen to be sleeping in a bedroom with a window open and a fan going.

(10m 56s):
Okay. Is she still conscious? I mean, is she breathing? No, I think she's still breathing. And Waldi was bothered by Dr. Wrangler's behavior on the nine one one call At the assistance of the nine one operator only, he goes back and checks to see whether she has a pulse or whether or not she's breathing. Sir, I need you to check for me. No, she's not breathing. Okay. Does she have a heartbeat? No, she doesn't have, If things look so fishy, why wasn't Dr. Wer charged with a crime? We continued the investigation. We had our suspicions. Is There a part of you that wonders? Could He have never, never, never.

(11m 36s):
That's never even crossed my mind. You've never doubted your father. Never once Did you murder your wife Kathy Absolutely not Kill her with carbon monoxide. No. Are you living with a killer? No. You know, I i, if I was living with the evil genius, I think I might be one of the first to know. In fact, you have a PhD in psychology. Yes, I do. And as part of that, you can read people pretty well. I take it. I'd like to think so. But Kathy's family is convinced. Mark has everybody fooled that the man trained to put people to sleep had come up with a textbook murder. Kathy Wagner is dead to date because of money.

(12m 18s):
You're sure of that?

(12m 19s):
I know that Audible invites you to get closer to someone. You can't stand A fiery rivalry. A nemesis with benefits cutthroat competitors painfully attracted to each other. I'm Philip Assu. I'm John Cho. Hi, us. Go toe to toe in Lily Chu's New Audible Original drop Dead told from two points of view, think lust filled romcom Hmm. Think mysterious scandal. Kick off your Shoes and dive into bestselling romance. Author Lily, choose new swoon filled creation. Drop dead. Listen, Audible on Audible,

(12m 55s):
She struck him with her motor vehicle. She had been under the influence that she left him there

(12m 60s):
In January, 2022. Local woman, Karen Reed, was implicated in the mysterious death of her boyfriend, Boston Police officer John O'Keefe. It was alleged that after an innocent night out for drinks with friends, Karen and John got into a lover's quarrel and route to the next location. What happens next? Depends on who you ask. Was it a crime of passion? If you believe the prosecution. It's because the evidence was so compelling. And this was clearly an, you know, an intentional act. And his cause of death was blunt force trauma with hypothermia Or a corrupt police coverup. If, you believe the defense theory. However, this was all a coverup to prevent one of their own from going down. Everyone had an opinion. And after the 10 week trial, the jury could not come to a unanimous decision To end in a mistrial. It's just a confirmation of just how complicated this case is. Law and crime presents the most in-depth analysis to date of the sensational case in Karen. You can listen to Karen exclusively with Wondery Plus. join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify

(14m 25s):
Before her bizarre and tragic death by carbon monoxide poisoning. Kathy Wangler touched many lives, says her friend Sherry Miller. She Looked right into your heart and If you were a good person. She was gonna pull you right into hers and She was gonna love you with everything she had. Friend Heidi Frederick. There Are people in this world that just naturally glow with life and Kathy was one of those people. Kathy was the oldest of five siblings in a tight-knit Ohio family. Her sister Joanne She was always looking out for everybody and She was a good sister. Everybody was really close. Kathy married Mark Weer when they were both in their twenties, and she worked to help put him through medical school each summer as a volunteer at the Allen County Fair.

(15m 15s):
Kathy raised thousands of dollars for the local school district in her thirties. She went back to school here at Ohio State University to get a degree in business. Rodney Knoll was one of her professors. She, she honestly wanted to learn, grow, and do more things with her Life. But most of all, Kathy was a dedicated mother, A very loving person, always there for my brother and I through thick and thin, always pushed us to excel, support us nonstop support my father, Her husband, mark says they were opposites. She was very outgoing. I I tend to be much more introverted.

(15m 57s):
A lot of people say I'm, I'm, I'm awkward around other people. And, and, and, and, and that's a fair assessment. I I I am rather awkward. The early years with the children, were happy ones enjoying holidays. Oh, breakfast and traveling the world, And here's Kathy. But the couple drifted apart after their sons went to college, She would come home from Walmart and pop a bag down and I'd say, oh, what'd you get at Walmart? And she would say like, why do you need to know? And I'm like, well, I guess I didn't need to know. I said, I was just curious. So little things like that. But Did the two of you talk about separation?

(16m 38s):
No, we never did Ever talk about divorce. No. No, we didn't. But by 2006, they were sleeping in separate bedrooms. Kathy had gained quite a bit of weight and as, as she gained a lot of weight, she snored violently. Mark was also upset by her lack of attention to housekeeping and the amount of money She was charging on credit cards. Tens of thousands of dollars worth of jewelry. I came to find that there was about another $60,000 worth of credit card debt that I had not been aware of. He also discovered she had opened a secret bank account with $16,000 from their joint account.

(17m 23s):
The fact that Kathy had set up a separate bank account, isn't that an indication? Isn't that evidence that She was heading into a new and separate life away from you with her own finances? Yeah, it was, and and we were in counseling at the time. Would you say that the two of you were falling out of love? No, I wouldn't say falling out of love, at least, you know, I, I didn't consider that. And you know, I, I, I loved Kathie, But Kathie's family became concerned after Joanne witnessed a disturbing incident between them. They were literally having a wrestling match over a checkbook.

(18m 3s):
When I turned around, they kind of stopped and he said to Kathie, this is no way to run a marriage. Did It upset you when you saw it? Yes, I was physically shaking. I don't know what made me say it, but I looked at Kathy and I said, is it safe to leave you here? And she said, yes, I'll be fine. Soon after the marriage hit rock bottom, She kind of got emotional and broke down and told me, you know, things were bad. She said, if I could imagine everything awful that could have been done to her, other than being beaten or raped, mark had done it to her. And she said, when the time was right, she would sit down and explain everything to me.

(18m 44s):
But we never got that time. But Mark tried to blame Kathie making a stunning comment to her mother, Sarah, a year before Kathie's death. He said, first place, he says, I wanna tell you one thing. Your daughter's a monster. I said, oh, really? I said, in what way is she a monster? Well, she doesn't do what I tell her to do. I said, that's a monster. Kathy's mother suggested a divorce. Oh, he said, I can't get a divorce. Then he quoted a couple doctors that had gotten divorces and how much it costs them. But Kathy told her sister, Joanne She was reluctant to get a divorce too. And I said, why can't you? And she said, he will cut off the boys. And I said, well, what's wrong with that?

(19m 25s):
They're in their twenties, you know, they're outta the house. And she goes, I can't leave. He'll cut the money off to the boys. With tensions escalating. In the summer of 2006, Kathy told various friends about her fears. She had told me that her husband was out to destroy her financially, emotionally, psychologically in the community at her church, that he was in the process of working to destroy her. Rodney Noll remembers his last conversation with Kathie. I say to her, said, well, take care of yourself. The usual, getting ready to say bye, kind of comment.

(20m 5s):
And she says, oh, I will. You have to when somebody's trying to destroy you. And she says, and I mean that literally. And three days later, she's dead. I gotta tell you that, that that leaves a feeling in the pit of your stomach, your gut, that something sinister, something evil has happened. It was almost like a Sherlock Holmes kind of a, a mystery because we, we don't have that smoking gun. By early 2007, four months had passed since Kathy Wangler died from an apparent accidental carbon monoxide poisoning somehow while sleeping in the same house, Dr.

(20m 57s):
Mark Wangler had escaped death. Did you ever for a day believe this was an accident? No. Kathy's Mother, Sarah and her family were convinced Mark was getting away with murder. I know we all felt Mark did it. The police investigation seemed to be going nowhere. So Sarah and her daughters launched their own plan. It was my strategy. They stayed close to Mark pretending they believed his story. That's What we wanted them to think. Keep your friends close, keep your enemies closer. That was the philosophy. All the while writing down his actions after Kathie died, hoping to build a case against him, The fake crying, get rid of all her stuff.

(21m 45s):
Right away he kept giving different stories about how she died. He didn't wanna be buried beside her and he didn't care where we buried her In the limo on the way to the grave site in Salina, mark was kind of short with my mom. He told a joke about how people were dying to get in the cemetery Convinced Mark was responsible. Sarah called the Allen County Sheriff's Department with an ultimatum. I said, you people have never returned our phone calls. We have now decided that we're going to the media. Soon after the Sheriff's Department assigned veteran investigator Clyde Bride again to the case, The family had some doubts, but the family wanted answers And Bgan had questions.

(22m 26s):
What did kill her? They were looking for the answer. Was it the hot water tank? Was it something inside that home? And I conducted like 80 or 85 interviews with different people. Bgan quickly learned from Kathy's family that the wangler marriage had become a disaster. Mark and Kathy treated each other equally evil. And that they would do things to each other just to get under each other's skin. And Mark's story of a faulty water heater that emitted carbon monoxide wasn't quite adding up. Brogan interviewed gas company workers who had been at the Wrangler house after Kathie's death.

(23m 8s):
And they examined and tested the water heater, the furnace, the vent free fireplace. They could not find anything malfunctioning on the morning of the fourth. And Mark's behavior, his lack of anger struck bright again. As odd From my point of view, if my wife had died in our home and there was any suspicion from an appliance, I would be yelling and screaming, okay, who installed this? And what did you do wrong? None of that ever took place. And there was that seemingly strange coincidence. An anesthesiologist whose wife dies from being gassed as an anesthesiologist, you know about carbon monoxide, Not really.

(23m 56s):
Carbon monoxide isn't something that comes into play as a, as an anesthesiologist. But Brien learned from one of Mark's medical partners simply wasn't true. He had told me Dr. Wer was a master with gases, and that he had been trained in the old style anesthesiologist techniques and knew all about gases, knew all about carbon monoxide. But where exactly would the carbon monoxide have come from? Right in Dr. Wrangler's own garage, bride configured, which held two cars and a generator with a camper in the driveway.

(24m 37s):
I had formulated a theory, a mobile source of carbon monoxide. One of the cars, the generator, whatever, had introduced carbon monoxide into the home. Police performed tests on the camper And either by use, and, and I can't prove or disprove this by use of, of a hose, introduced the carbon monoxide into the furnace with the furnace motor running The poisonous gas traveled through the duct work of the house into Kathie's bedroom, two floors above, killing her. Crazy, wrong speculation. Mark's defense attorney Chris McDowell says, the hose theory is nonsense. The hoses that were in this house were the hoses that are in anyone's home.

(25m 20s):
A garden hose pests were performed on the garden hose. And there's no residue of any of this on this hose. The hose theory is totally debunked. In fact, McDowell says, any theory involving gas from a motor is impossible because that hot gas would've had to travel downward from the first floor garage into the basement According to the prosecution, the gas then goes down these steps and into the basement. It defies the laws of gravity, the laws of what gas does. Well, according to them, it goes into the furnace area here. And then he somehow unscrews all of these screws.

(26m 2s):
It's absolutely bogus, it's science fiction. But bride, again, acted on his theory. The detective got a search warrant and removed sections of the duct work from the wer home. He had it tested at a lab for the presence of microscopic exhaust residue. The conclusions were that something had been introduced in two, the duct work, a very high rate of speed, speed over a short duration of time, Which is crazy because had that really occurred, they would've found him dead right here. What really happened, McDowell says, was a tragic accident caused by a defective vent connected to the water heater And gas from this water heater that ordinarily would go outside, is now trapped inside the home.

(26m 56s):
And it eventually makes its way up to the bedroom where Mrs. Weer is sleeping. But police don't buy that. And three years after Kathie's death, they finally arrest Mark weer and charge him with murder. Just in a nutshell, horrible. I just had a a ve sick feeling. And and you just feel all of that energy, you know, drain out of you. You've gone from being a valued member of this community to, in some people's eyes, an evil genius who killed his wife. Yeah, I guess that would be a correct assessment of the situation.

(27m 41s):
While awaiting trial, Dr. Wer takes comfort in his religion. And Kathy's loved ones hope that Judgment Day is near. If He's killed his wife, he's going to help along with Satan,

(28m 6s):
I am Dan. Tab Bursky. In 2011, something strange began to happen at the high school in Leroy, New York. I was like at my locker, and she came up to me and She was like, stuttering super bad. I'm like, stop around. She's like, I, I, I, I, I Can't. A mystery illness, bizarre symptoms and spreading fast. It's Like doubling and tripling and it's all these Girls with a diagnosis. The state tried to keep on the down low. Everybody Thought I was holding something back. Well, you were holding something back intentionally. Yeah, Yeah. Well yeah. No, it's hysteria. It's all in your head. It's not physical. You. Oh my gosh, you're exaggerating. Is this the largest mass hysteria since the witches of Salem or is it something else entirely? Something's Wrong Here. Something's not right. Leroy was the new dateline and everyone was trying to solve the murder. A new limited series from Wondery and Pineapple Street Studios. Hysterical. Follow hysterical on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of hysterical early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus

(29m 6s):
New CBS Saturday, a former ballerina accused of killing her husband mad. A continuing Coverage of the so-called Black Swan murder Trial. But was it murder or self-defense? I was trapped. Watch your emotional testimony. I thought he was gonna kill me. 48 Hours. The case of the Black Swan. A new two hour special Saturday nine eight Central on CBS and streaming on Paramount Plus

(29m 37s):
From the bottom of our hearts. We wanna say thanks. We prayed for a good jury and my lawyers tell me that they couldn't be more pleased. Four and a half years after Kathie Wrangler's poisoned lifeless body was discovered in her home. Her husband goes on trial for her murder. Did you hook up a hose? No, I did not. To your Motor home? Absolutely not. And Gas your wife that night. Absolutely not. He needs to be found guilty for everybody's sake. Kathy's family arrives at the courthouse ready to absorb every detail.

(30m 19s):
Go ahead Ladies. Okay. The defendant was deeply obsessed with religion. In her opening statement, assistant prosecutor Jenna Emrich cuts to the heart of Mark Wexler's motive And a divorce would cause him to lose his standing and reputation in the church. And of course, a divorce after nearly 30 years of marriage would cost him a small fortune. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, Dr. Mark Wangler is innocent In his opening Wrangler's attorney Chris McDowell makes his strategy clear. This case has been brought as a result of a poor police investigation.

(31m 1s):
The prosecution begins 9 1 1. What is your emergency? As jurors watch Mark listening to himself on that 9 1 1 call. Is she breathing? No, I think she's not breathing. Does she have a heartbeat? No she doesn't. The courtroom is riveted. Did you open up her airway? Yes I did. Okay, I anesthesiologist. I damage an airway. Well first of all, he's an anesthesiologist, Lead prosecutor, Jurgen Waldi. And he shouldn't need prompting from a 9 1 1 operator to check to see whether his wife is breathing, to see whether she has a heartbeat.

(31m 43s):
And are you aware that carbon monoxide can affect different people in different ways? But McDowell says any odd behavior is because Wangler himself was overcome by carbon monoxide Because your brain is starved of oxygen. You become very confused. You become disoriented. He appeared to have no trouble walking, no trouble talking to you, no trouble relaying information to you. But the prosecution argues that Mark's efforts to give Kathy CPR were all an act anyway. Come On Kathy. Come on. Because Kathy was most likely dead. 1, 2, 3 Before he dialed 9 1 1. See doc coming around An emergency room, doctor testifies.

(32m 28s):
Kathy's body was already cold. What I can say is that it seemed to me from my experience of 22 years, that she'd been dead for much longer. The prosecution then introduces photos taken shortly after Kathie's death showing soot marks above the vent in her room. They say it's telltale evidence that engine exhaust was used to kill her. They believe Dr. Wer closed all the vents in the house except the one in her room. People will testify that those stains had been on the walls for years before Those marks were actually there.

(33m 12s):
Before I move for college, Aaron Wer tells jurors he should know because that used to be his room. So that was back in oh four. I never really cleaned my room that much at all, to be honest. And older brother Nathan Wangler testifies The soot marks are just residue from burning candles. If we enjoyed candles, we burned a lot of candles throughout the entire house. There's actually discoloration on the walls, on the ceiling. Investigators were never able to test those soot stains. Mark had painted the wall in the months after Kathie's death. Yet it's not soot marks, but secrets that prosecutors' hope will sway the jury.

(33m 59s):
These journals written by Dr. Mark weer evidence GaN uncovered during a search of the Wangler home after a tip from Kathie's mom That I said to him when, when they got search warrant, I said, did you find the journals? And he said, what journals? I said, there's journals. 'cause Kathy always told me about when every morning he'd get up and write something in his journal. The entries are damning. Lord, Satan has found a weak area to attack me, my marriage and family For the first time. Mark Wexler's most private secret feelings about his wife and marriage are publicly revealed as bride again reads them in court.

(34m 40s):
Five things I have asked Kathy to improve but has not. Number one, keep the house cook, clean, make bed. Two, lose weight. She has gained around 80 pounds in the past 20 years. The entries are extremely personal. I feel judged and rejected by Kathy. Kathy thinks I am boring in bed. Kathy doesn't really listen to me. I do not trust Kathie. I feel picked on and put down. I just went home after reading them every night. Depressed. I felt sorry for the guy. But Mark Weer says the marriage counselor had told him to write down his feelings.

(35m 23s):
And to be brutally honest, We were in counseling. I was trying to reconnect. I I I loved Kathy. As time goes on, the entries get increasingly desperate. Sometimes I feel rage. I feel trapped with no escape. I pray that I can endure life. Please Cast Satan and his demons attacking me out from my life. For a time I think he thought Kathie was evil and that was Satan was working through her. His mind was twisted to the point that he thought that's what God wanted him to do, to rid the world of the evil one.

(36m 6s):
I see that I am sensitive and that I tend to keep anger inside until I explode. Dr. Wer even wrote about taking his own life in a way that startled investigators Thoughts of suicide are a little strong. Again. Satan is attacking in new way this time using car exhaust. And then On September first three days before Kathie's death, an ominous plea to God. Dear Lord, I place our marriage on your altar. Please act in a powerful way.

(36m 47s):
Then in November, two months after her burial, mark writes, And I prayed for God to act in a powerful way that night. Little did I know that three nights later our marriage would be changed forever. He used God to justify his actions. I was thinking he was thanking God. She was dead. The diaries are powerful circumstantial evidence. But are they enough to convict the doctor of murder? Prosecutor Waldi still has one big hole in his case. He hasn't explained to the jury exactly how the carbon monoxide got into the duct work or what engine was used.

(37m 30s):
But as we talk right now, you can't say definitively what the source of that carbon monoxide was, right? No. No. And that doesn't trouble you. No. And Chris McDowell is counting on those missing facts to set Mark weer free. There is not a single theory the government has come up with that makes any sense whatsoever. Experience in person. The unsettling true stories behind the Doctor Death podcast at Exhibit C Live presents Dr. Death a closer look. This live tour experience brings you face to face with accounts of doctors who caused irreparable harm, the system that failed to protect their patients and the heroes who stopped them.

(38m 19s):
You'll hear from me Laura Beal, reporter and host of the Dr. Death podcast, along with our panel of experts and whistleblowers. It's hosted by suspects Matthew Cher. It's an important evening with one of the most iconic true crime podcasts of all time. Don't miss your chance to be part of the conversation. Exhibit C live presents Dr. Death a closer. Look, tickets go on sale August 9th. So get your truest true crime fans together and get tickets before they sell out. For the eyes of the Lord are on the righteous and his ears. The Lord's ears are open to their prayer, but the face of the Lord is against those who do evil.

(39m 2s):
James five 16 says, therefore confess your sins to one another. As Dr. Mark Wexler's, freedom hangs in the balance. This may be my last Wednesday night prayer meeting. Yeah. He and his wife Esther, find strength in their faith. If the Lord calls me to serve him in prison, you know as an inmate, that's what it's gonna have to be. We just pray for Your guidance strength and We just have to be prepared for whatever happens and to accept whatever happens. This is the the day of days for you. Do you have some optimism? Yeah. The way the evidence is is just absolutely overwhelming.

(39m 43s):
So yeah, I've got a great deal of optimism. The problem with lying is that it's the little details that catch up to you. Final arguments begin with prosecutor Jenna Emrich zeroing in on Mark's suspicious behavior. The morning Kathy died. The defendant started to head into his own house because he wanted to take a shower. Now If, you really thought that a faulty hot water heater had just killed someone in a potentially unsafe home. The last thing you're going to do is go in there and take a shower. 9 1 1. What is your emergency?

(40m 23s):
Emerick Dex Marks nine one one call saying it too points to his guilt. Is she breathing? No. I think she's not breathing. Consider the defendant's tone of voice and demeanor. Does it sound a little staged? A little phony to you. Red flag. But defense attorney McDowell has a different take on that 9 1 1 call. When you listen to the tape, you can hear the panic in his voice. Okay. Does she have a heartbeat? No, she doesn't. And he insists. The prosecution never offered a clear explanation of Dr. Weer might've murdered his wife with carbon monoxide.

(41m 6s):
It's their theory. It came from an internal combustion engine. If that's the case, there would be the strong smell associated with that gas. The gas and the vehicle exhaust fumes are intertwined. If, you have one. You have the other. The lack of the exhaust smell is strong evidence of accident. He thought he had a perfect crime. As the case goes to the jury, Kathie's mother and siblings wait and pray for a verdict of guilty. We're gonna put it in the hands of God. There will be justice with kathie's death.

(41m 47s):
What is this weight like for you? Terrible. No words can describe it, But Kathy's son, Aaron is praying for an acquittal. What if the verdict goes against your father? I'll be devastated. I mean, I've already lost one parent and to lose another would be, it'd be a lot. Was That? That's my home phone. Excuse me. On the second day of deliberations, the call comes in.

(42m 28s):
Okay, we'll be right there. Bill. That was Bill and they have a verdict. What are you thinking? Just praying that you know, for an acquittal, that's all I can say. Peter, Would you give the verdict forms to the bailiff please? Kathy's mother and siblings gather on one side of the courtroom, her two sons on the other. We the jury being duly imp paneled and sworn find the defendant. Mark a wangler guilty of aggravated murder. Yes. Guilty of murder, tears of relief, and tears of sorrow.

(43m 16s):
Mark weer appears stunned then Judge Richard Warren has some scathing words as he sentences him to life. In prison, You violated the 10 Commandments. Thou shall not kill you. Also violated the Hippocratic Oath as a doctor, which is the first thing you shall do. No harm. This courtroom Drama isn't over. Kathy's mother is about to have the last word. We know you have always been a very selfish person who really did not care about our beautiful daughter, only yourself.

(43m 57s):
It's a moment Sarah Schleman has been waiting for for almost five years. Lordly robbed Kathy of her many, most precious moments. Her two sons, Nathan and Aaron, she worshiped them, did everything in the world for them. Then the man once revered for saving lives is led away to prison for taking one. Esther, we vows to keep fighting to free her husband. He's innocent of these charges will be out on appeal.

(44m 38s):
Yeah. We'll stop at appeal. This is a cruel, cruel, biased investigation, But It's clear this fight has taken its toll as she retreats to her home comforted by her son. It's just gonna be shock for a long time. Just figuring out what to do day by day. For now, the case is closed. But for Detective Clyde Bria, again, there is no celebrating. Thank you Sweetheart. Only thoughts of a family destroyed. Mommy, I love you.

(45m 18s):
Thank you guys. Thank you guys. I feel sorry for everybody involved in this. Kathy's gone. Her family lost Kathy. Happy Birthday here. Nathan. The two boys. Erin and Nathan lost their mother. Nobody won in this case. Nobody won. It is just, it's sad. She loved life. I was always happy. Love family. I miss that laugh.

(46m 11s):
If, you like this podcast. You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.

(46m 26s):
Paramount podcasts.