
About 200 yards down this road is apparently where the murder occurred. It was 1989 in Titusville, Florida when police recorded a young woman's statement about a horrific encounter during a midnight drive. I jumped in the truck, shut the passenger door, and then I reached over, locked it, and I heard about five or six gunshots. Kim Hallick said she and her ex-boyfriend, chip Flynn, were kidnapped and attacked at gunpoint. I Heard Chip yell, go. Kim fled the scene, but Chip didn't make it out alive. His hands were tied behind his back with a shoestring.


He had a bullet wound. So who would wanna target this young man and woman in the middle of the night? Alls I know is, I can remember back when they said it was a black guy. It just went wild. Cause mcg green is definitely guilty. The case has totally been proven that he did do it. Did you kill Chip Flynn? No, ma'am. Did you rob Chip Flynn? No, ma'am. Did you kidnap them and take them into the orange grove? I kidnapped no one. I killed no one. I did none of those things. This is Crosley Green, a Black man, so loved by his family. They called him Papa.


But with his history of drug charges, Crosley may have seemed like a likely culprit. And yet when you look closer, it's a case that isn't quite what it seems. There are so many pieces that don't fit together. I'm Erin Moriarty of 48 Hours. And of all the cases I've covered, this is the one that troubles me most. A bizarre and maddening tale involving an eyewitness account that doesn't quite make sense. I thought it was totally preposterous. Totally. A sister testified against a brother. They Always say lies. You can't remember lies.


And it was all a lie. And I don't remember the lies I told A lack of physical evidence. Did the prosecutors ever find any fingerprints across Crossley Greens? No. Did they find any bloody clothing? No. Did they find this assailant's weapon? No. And questions about whether Crosley Green was accused, arrested and convicted because he's black. Just because a white female says a Black man has committed a crime, we take that as gospel. Crosley Green has lived more than half his life behind bars for a crime He says he didn't commit. I have visited him in Florida over the past 25 years, talked to witnesses, law enforcement, and family members trying to find out who's telling the truth.


I I invite the whole world to look in my case. If they do, they can understand why I'm sitting here doing this interview so I can get my freedom back. Get early ad free access to episodes of Murder in the Orange Grove The Trouble Case against Crosley Green by subscribing to 48 hours plus on Apple Podcasts or Wondery Plus in the Wondery app starting September 11th. The series will be widely available everywhere else. You get your podcasts starting September 18th.