
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


A successful investigation needs facts, creative thinking, and lots of imagination, and that's why 48 hours listeners love Audible with Audible. There's more to imagine when you listen As. an Audible member You could choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest, best sellers and new releases. I recommend the Berman Murders by Doug Carey, a true crime saga set in the Mojave Desert New. members can try Audible free for 30 days, Visit Audible dot com slash 48 hours or text 48 hours to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash 48 hours or text 48 hours to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash 48 hours


In May of 19 92, 9 days after marrying her high school sweetheart, 20-year-old Jennifer Judd was killed in her apartment. She was stabbed with knives that were just given to her as a wedding gift. Police immediately suspect a friend of the couple, but they never close the case. Then a decade later, a different man confesses, but that confession is dismissed on. Who killed Jennifer Judd. A podcast from ID investigator Sarah Kalin attempts to solve this 3-year-old cold case. She speaks with Jennifer's friends and family in hopes of understanding Jennifer's life and her tragic death. She also tries to uncover why the police dismiss the confession of convicted murderer. Jeremy Jones. Listen to who killed Jennifer Judd. Wherever you get your podcasts,


Joey's missing. He's somewhere. It's gotta be somewhere. Hey, where's Joey? Have you heard from Joey? This isn't like him to not call me back. There's something really wrong. Let's Go back to November 12th, 2016. A bunch of people were going out to New York City. Joey would go into Manhattan a good amount. He would meet all of our friends there. He had hundreds of friends, hundreds of friends.


Joey always had this positive outlook on life. When you were with him, you felt like you could fly. He was an athlete, loved sports bright, future smart kid. That night we went to the Gilded Lilly. The Gilded Lilly is in the meat packing district. It's a lounge. It has club type music. It's kind of high end. Everyone dresses up. Were you drinking? We were drinking. How would you describe Joey? He Looked fine. He didn't look like he was even buzzed. Three 30 or so, the night was ending, so everyone exits.


I remember Joey on my left and these girls were looking at him a certain way and he was looking back at me and just smiling like you know that he was interested. I get approached on my right side by two guys and they try to start some conversation with me. Joey's on my left and they kind of form a group on that side. He jumped in a cab and went off with these two guys. Why do you think he did? Do you know? I just don't know, but I guarantee they're saying that they have a penthouse apartment. There's a girls, there's guy's. Dad's a jeweler, And that jeweler was the jeweler to the stars.


You're talking about Oprah Winfrey, you're talking about Jennifer Lopez. He sold an engagement ring to Melania and Donald Trump Saturday night came and went. I can't get in touch with him. Has your son ever gone a whole day? No. Without texting or calling you? No. Nope. I started getting phone calls from a bunch of our friends. Have you heard from Joey? Have you spoke To Joey Joey's with you? Right. They thought he was at my house. What happened? So I went on Instagram, I went on Facebook, I Called everyone on my phone. We go and we just start looking for 'em. Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.


Everyone was still trying to get a clear cut answer as to what was going on. Sources say 26-year-old Joseph Commun came to this building early Sunday morning with friends. Why? Why were you there? Why did you meet them? Why'd you go out that night? If, you were invited to go to Sutton Place. You would want to go there. It's like its own private enclave that only money can penetrate Commun. Ali's father reported him missing when he never came home. What's now going through your mind? The Worst. The worst? Yeah. What do you think happened in apartment four C If something went terribly, terribly wrong?


Aaron Morty reports what happened in apartment four C? I met Joey freshman year of college. We've been best friends ever since. Joey was one of my best friends, My best friend, best friend. Everybody Called him their best friend, but I was his best friend Joey, common alley's father Pat knew his 26-year-old son. Well and at first he wasn't worried when he couldn't reach him The morning after Joey went out with some friends on Saturday night, November 12th, 2016.


I know it sounds crazy, but in New York things don't really start until late. It's not unheard of for kids to come home at six in the morning and I figured he's sleeping. He was sick earlier in the day. Looking back, Joey's friends like Steven Naso will tell you that Joey never even intended to go out that Saturday night. I Think he took a nap for like three hours, But then Joey's college buddy Pritham debar a part-time promoter, texted and offered Joey VIP treatment at the Gilded Lilly a club then located in the Chic Meat packing district in downtown Manhattan. I was working so I'd be able to take care of everyone that came in.


Did you ever worry about him? I worried about Joey because I loved him, but I knew that, you know, he always surrounded himself with good people. Elisa Libretto dated Joey Elli on and off, but mostly on for five years, first at Hofner University and later when Joey became a sales associate at his father's security company and Elisa became a teacher. He is like the rest of us. He wants to have fun, doesn't want any problems, But that particular Saturday, she and Joey, like a lot of long time couples we're taking a break. We had a little bit of like a disagreement and I was like, you know what? I just need a little bit of space. Like I'll talk to him in the morning.


So Joey headed into Manhattan from Stanford, Connecticut. We Hop on the Merit Parkway shoot down in New York City. Joey Was with Steven Nassau and they met up with a group of friends. It was always a good time to meet people and that's why Joey and them came out to Gilda that night. As the club was closing, you could see Joey and his friends exiting on surveillance video. It was early Sunday morning and the crowd emptied onto the street. That's when Joey began talking to three women standing outside the club. Then out of the blue, two men joined them.


The men did not know the women and they didn't know Joey and his friends either. There's six or 7 million people in New York City and they crossed paths with us. At that point, Steven borrowed Joey's phone and stepped away from the group. When Steven turned back, Joey and the group were gone and This new group that he had met somebody said, Hey, you wanna go to a friend's apartment in Sutton Place and continue having some fun? Veteran New York crime reporter, Murray Weiss covered the Joey Elli story when it first broke and is now working for 48 hours. So Joey went along leaving his phone behind with his friend thinking, I'll get it tomorrow. No big deal.


They just jumped in a couple of cabs and off they went. Steven got word that Joey had gone to a party uptown at someone's apartment. So he headed home with Joey's phone hours later on Sunday afternoon back in Steven's apartment, Joey's phone began ringing. It was his father. He said, Hey, where's Joey? And I said, he stayed in the city and he was like, all right, well something happened. Find him for me. So then I went to Joey's place and he wasn't there. Did you talk to him every day? Yeah, every day we talk about the Yankees and the Rangers, and I'm so sorry, pat Steven got in touch with Pritham who tracked down the phone number of a guy named Larry who had been at the party.


Larry told us that he doesn't know where Joey went. That's when the vast network of Joey's friends got to work homing through social media searching for any scrap of information. Friend Mike Mullin says they plugged Larry's phone number into Google and got a last name And Actually his Facebook popped up. Lawrence Deleon, is this the kid? Yeah, that's the kid we were with last night. Max was the one who really put everything in motion. Max Elli was perhaps Joey's closest friend. He manages a restaurant, but when he heard Joey was missing, he turned himself into an online detective.


Had you ever tried to track down or retrace somebody's steps before using social media? No. You're in a panic and you're trying to find your your friend. So Show me where you started. So I went on Instagram here And why Instagram? Why would you start there? Instagram, you can click on the location of the place and it will show people that posted a picture there from that place. Here's what Max did. He began using Instagram's locator function for the Gilded Lilly looking for users who had posted the previous night in that morning. He kept his eye out for Joey. As I was scrolling, I landed on this picture.


And why did this catch your eye? This caught my eye because I happened to know him in the middle. By total coincidence, max spotted a friend Alvin, but that's not the only reason he stopped at this photo. I know the type of girls, Joey Chase is there, dark features and I just had a punch. I screenshotted the picture and I sent it to the group of the guys that were out at the club with him the night before And what'd they say? They're like, yeah, it's that girl right there on the right. And I was like, wow. That woman had also gone to the Sutton Place party that night. Max called his friend Alvin who had her phone number. So I then hit her up. Do you remember being with Joey last night?


Like, we can't find him, he's missing. And she told me like, yeah, we were with him last night. She told him that when the party ended early that Sunday morning, Larry Dione and Joey walked her and her friends to an Uber. She told me they waved and he looked like he was going back inside with Larry. But when Max called Larry Dione, he said Joey did not go back inside the building And he's like, he left with the girls. He left in the Uber with the girls. Those were two very different stories. At this point, I'm not sure who's lying


To me, Hiring is challenging, especially when you're a business owner with a lot on your plate. Thankfully, there's a place you can go for help. ZipRecruiter ZipRecruiter does the work for you to make hiring fast and easy immediately after you post your job. ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology starts showing you qualified people for it experience faster, easier hiring with ZipRecruiter. Try it free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash zip daily. That's ZipRecruiter dot com slash Z-I-P-D-A-I-L-Y.


Fans of the 48 Hours podcast know that a good lead is always worth checking out and if you're a listener who enjoys from the car, you'll wanna know that the National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4 available with all wheel drive. The new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain or wherever your story takes you. Or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander with three spacious rows of seating for up to eight passengers. Plus both Rav fours and Highlanders are available in hybrid models. So no matter your style, you can drive efficiently and save on gas. Visit your local Toyota dealer and check out amazing national Sales Event deals on RAVs Highlanders and more. When you visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota, let's go places.


How does a 26-year-old man simply disappear? Joey Elli was part of a close knit loving family with a younger sister, Alexa and parents, pat and Lisa. He loved going to city. He did it all the time. He loved it. You know, he'd go to ranger games, he'd go to the Yankee games, he'd go to the Giant games. Pat Common Alley lives in a Tony part of Connecticut, but he's a Bronx kid at heart. He moved here, met his future wife Lisa, and founded a successful security firm that he later sold for more than $400 million, but that meant nothing now that his only son was missing.


How important is family to you, pat? Yeah, family's important. That's, that's everything. Tell me about his relationship with his dad. I have never seen a person admire their father so much. I've never seen a father admire their son so much. They were inseparable By Sunday evening with Joey now missing about 10 hours, pat phone Larry d Leone who had been at the Sutton Place apartment with Joey. Larry says they walked the girls out to the car and that's the last they saw.


But then DeLeon provided one small additional detail about Joey that to Pat seemed off. He said the last I heard he said he was gonna get cigarettes. Did that make sense? Didn't make any sense. 'cause If, you talk to his his friends, he'll tell you that he never bought a pack of cigarettes in his life. Joey Smokes cigarettes from time to time, but he never bought them that. That's why it doesn't make any sense. Pat thought so too. He decided to file a missing person's report, So I said, all right, lemme go to the Stanford pd. By then Pat had Larry Dillon's phone number, the on-duty sergeant called DeLeon who denied knowing where Joey was, but he did provide the names and numbers of two friends at the party.


James Rack over and Max Gemma Dion also provided the address four 18 East 59th Street in Manhattan, a building that calls itself the Grand Sutton. The Grand Sutton is a luxury condo in one of the wealthiest sections of New York City and apartment four C was home to 25-year-old James Rack over. You're not expecting an issue in Sutton Place. Sutton Place is a is a beautiful place to live. No one would disagree. Over the years the neighborhood's been home to a parade of celebrities including Marilyn Monroe, Michael Jackson, and Rockstar Freddie Mercury.


What could go wrong on the Upper East Side And do you know anything about Larry d Leone or James Rack over or Max Gemma at that point? Nothing. You know nothing about them, nothing. But as the days passed, the police would find out a lot more about the three young men all in their twenties who partied that morning with Joey. The three young men in this story are young men are privileged. Larry Deleon worked in real estate and came from a well off New Jersey family that owned thoroughbred horses. Max Gemma was a computer software salesman whose father was once the mayor of Ocean Port New Jersey and had been in business with Jared Kushner, president Trump's son-in-Law.


But no one appeared to live a more charmed life than James Rack over who was living in Sutton Place. His father, Jeffrey, who had a much larger apartment in the same building on the 32nd floor, specialized in getting one of a kind pieces of jewelry for the world's rich and beautiful. I grew up in the same town with Jeffrey Rack over. We grew up a block apart and while we weren't close, our families knew each other. He not only cultivated becoming a jeweler to the stars, he wanted to be among them. He was friends with Jerry Jones, I mean the owner of the Dallas Cowboys.


He came to know Oprah. His apartment has photographs of himself with all these personalities. James enjoyed the good life. He was an aspiring model working in the insurance business, loved boxing and even had a boxer named gloves. Of course, I think Joy had an opportunity to go to a fancy part of New York City into a fancy apartment and he went along And there were those three young ladies along for the ride, Genesis Sissy, Katie Conroy and Samantha Garla. But all that mattered to Pat was finding his son.


He had already filed a missing persons report with the Stanford police, but also wanted to alert the New York City cops. So at 9:00 AM Monday morning, some 25 hours since anyone reported seeing Joey, pat was at the 17th Police Precinct where he told MYPD, detective Yeoman Castro, everything. He knew The Detective Castro. I still remember saying, let's go to the building, and we jumped in the police car When they arrived at the Grand Sutton, detective Castro asked to view the building surveillance video And then he starts reviewing video. They asked me a couple times to come in to identify if that was my son.


So we did At some point, you see your son, So sorry Pat was overcome when he spotted son Joey and Larry di Leone walking the three women out to the curb. But then what do you see? We see him come back into the building. So you see Larry di Leone and your son walking back in the building, Right? Right. And what did that say to you? They're lying. There's a problem here. Remember Larry Deleon had said Joey did not go back inside the building.


It was all too much for Pat. Detective Castro asked him to wait at the 17th Police precinct. So as I went outside to make phone calls, the porter started to bring garbage out and I ran back inside and I said to the police, don't let the garbage go. Make sure you search all the bags. You just kinda had that sense that if these guys were lying, there could be something in the garbage. And sadly, he was right inside those bags. Police discovered Joey's bloody pants, his shirt and his driver's license also tossed in the trash, a special chain Joey always wore given to him by his father.


I said to myself, I don't think he walked out of the building alive. 14 hours after Joey Common Alley and Larry Deleon were seen on video, walking those women to their Uber surveillance cameras caught James Rack over taking his father's Mercedes-Benz for a drive. With the help of NYPD's network of cameras, detectives were able to track some of his movements.


They quickly put in rack over his Mercedes-Benz license plate and bing, bing, bing. It started showing up, going down the FDR drive, the car went south around southern Manhattan. It then made a turn into the Holland Tunnel, but let out to New Jersey, But detectives could not pinpoint precisely where the car eventually stopped. They needed a break and they soon got it from Larry Deleon. He agreed to meet with them and they sensed that there was something that he wanted to say and so the detective said to him, you know, what do you want to tell us?


We have a missing boy here. His family, you know, wants to know what happened to him. On Tuesday, Dion began talking. The party at the apartment in the we early hours of Sunday morning had been lively. He said one of the women videotaped some of it on her phone. There was cocaine and plenty of drinking di leone and rack over, even competed to see who could give the best lap dance. But by 6:45 AM the women left in that Uber and that's when cameras captured Di Leone and Joey walking back into the building and up to apartment four C where Di Leone says A fatal argument erupted.


Larry di Leone tells the police, he has an exchange of words with Joey Communality that Joey says something like, James got the cocaine, you know I got the cigarettes. What have you brought to the table and kind of pounded his hand on a table and Larry Deleon admitted to the police that he just flew into a rage and slammed. Joey knocked him down and hit him a few times. Dion says that when he began punching Joey, his friend, max Gemma was asleep on the couch. Then Dion says, rack over a boxing fan who took pride in his chiseled physique jumped right in And according to Larry, James starts also beating the crap out of Joey, who's now defenseless and gurgling because he can't hardly breathe.


Communally lawyer, Bob Abrams has heard Di Leone's confession. He claims that after he had beaten the defenseless Joey and almost killed him, max woke up. They got so very nervous because Rocco was now beating the crap out of Joey that they would do anything. Rocco was said, and this is really difficult for me to talk about because what they did and how they did it is just so horrific. Dion says he told Gemma to leave the room and that's when De Leone says, rack over began stabbing Joey, the stabbing ended Joey's life.


DeLeone says Gemma left the apartment and had no involvement in the murder. He says, rack over then dragged Joey's lifeless body into the bathroom. He tries to dismember him with a serrated knife. Dismembering somebody is not an easy thing to do And rack over was not able to do it. While they plotted their next move, they began a frenzied cleanup of the apartment mopping up Joey's blood with bleach and paper towels. All the while fielding calls from Joey's friends and his father. You are talking to Larry Deleon and your son's still in the apartment and they act like there's nothing wrong.


Yeah, incredibly evidence shows that rack over and de Leone took time out to eat, placing a delivery order. Then as shown on building surveillance cameras, they explored the basement looking police say for a way to get Joey's body out of the Grand Sutton without being seen. Then they had another idea. What they do next is totally insane. As darkness settled on the city, Dion claimed he moved Joey's body now wrapped in a comforter to the ledge of rack over's fourth floor window.


While rack over moved the Mercedes-Benz into position on East 59th Street. When Raco gave him the clear sign, DeLeon pushed the body out of the window four floors And nobody saw it. We're we're talking about a upscale apartment, Midtown Manhattan and nobody saw it. The Grand Sutton faces the Queensboro Bridge in Manhattan and it was dark. It fell into an area where there may have been some bushes and concrete.


And then when nobody was looking after De Leon came back down, they stuffed the body into the trunk of the car and then they drove off. Larry had told them that they had driven the body down to Ocean Port New Jersey and that they had deposited him in a wooded area behind a floris shop. It was an area that de Leon was very familiar with. He grew up in Ocean Port, a Jersey shore town, some 60 miles from Manhattan. He admits to helping take the body and to participate in digging, I don't wanna call it a grave because it's not a grave or hole, and then dumping Joey's body in a hole.


But right before they were gonna cover up the hole, rack over took gasoline and started to pour it over Joey's body and in fact, did light Joey's body On Fire. After d Leone's confession, police raced out to Ocean Port and discovered Joey's burned body in a field behind the Floris shop exactly where D Leone had said it would be. Two hours later, Sergeant Yoma and Castro arrived at Pat Common Alley's home in Stanford.


You heard a car door close. It popped up and I saw Detective Castro. I already knew. Yeah, that was it. What happened that night? Did you do It? James Rack over and Larry d Leone were arrested and charged with second degree murder.


What happened early Sunday morning? Do it. Did you kill? Did you stab Max Gemma? Who remembered Dillon insists had nothing to do with Joey's death was arrested later, but he was not charged with murder. He was charged with hindering prosecution and tampering with physical evidence. Gemma was granted bail. All three men pleaded not guilty. Even Larry Deleon, he challenged his confession. Same police had ignored him when he informed them he had a lawyer. But the biggest shock was yet to come when it was revealed that James Rack over who seemed to live such a charm life was not who he claimed to be.


James Rack over wasn't really James Rack over was he? No. Hear more about Joey Kamala's life from his friends on Facebook at 48 hours.


Finding great candidates to hire can be like trying to find a needle in a haystack. You get too many resumes and not enough qualified candidates, but not with ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter finds amazing candidates for you Fast ZipRecruiter's technology starts showing you qualified people for your job immediately ditch the other hiring sites and let ZipRecruiter help you find the needle in the haystack. Try it free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash zip daily that ZipRecruiter dot com slash Z-I-P-D-I-Y.


This episode is brought to you by FXs American Sports story. Aaron Hernandez from executive producer Ryan Murphy comes the first installment of FXs American Sports story, the limited series charts, the rise and fall of NFL Superstar Aaron Hernandez and explores the disparate strands of his identity, his family, his career, his suicide, and their legacy in sports and American culture. FXs, American sports story. Aaron Hernandez Premier September 17th on FX stream on Hulu,


And it just seemed like there was always more to learn about James More terrible things To the outside world. James Rack over was a wealthy young heir and would be model living in the lap of luxury on Sutton Place. But the man that Larry d Leone claims is the ringleader in Joseph Common's. Vicious murder is not at all what he appears to be. James Rack over was not his real name. Detectives discovered James Rack over was not the son of celebrity jeweler. Jeffrey Rack over Police say James Rack Over is also this man James Boden from Broward County.


He's an ex-Con from Florida, a world away from the understated wealth of Sutton Place and James Bowden has a rap sheet dating back to his teens. He spent nearly a year and a half in prison for second degree burglary. Three months after his release in September, 2013 after moving to New York, he reportedly met Jeffrey Rack over at a gym. They were both working out and they kind of hit it off. Surprisingly, the Multimillionaire Bachelor then in his mid fifties soon invited the 22-year-old James to live with him in his lavish Grand Sutton apartment on the 32nd floor.


And if anyone asked why the two were suddenly living together, Jeffrey explained it this way. Jeffrey Rack over told his closest friends and relatives that one day there was a knock on his door and a young man was standing at the door and said, you don't know me, but I'm your son. Jeffrey even took the extraordinary step of allowing James to change his last name to rack over. James claimed he was Jeffrey's biological son. These are the documents for name change. They put this in a legal document. James Rack over said Jeffrey Rack over is his biological father. He lied in this document, didn't he?


James Lied in that document and Jeffrey Rack over confirmed the information. Communal family attorney Bob Abrams says it was all an act. They're not related. They're not related. Abrams alleges there was a sexual relationship between the two, but Jeffrey's lawyer categorically denies it. What's more James's defense attorney's Rob Callo and Maurice Skar say they've only seen a father son relationship. Jeffrey Rack over provided structure in the life of this young man. Jeffrey paid for James' education and helped him find a job.


He even paid James's nearly $4,000 a month rent when in early 2016, James moved into apartment four C at the Grand Sutton after James was arrested for Joey Common's murder. Jeffrey paid at least initially for James's defense attorney. What does James rack over face if he's convicted of all charges he Faces spending the rest of his life in jail Charged with second degree murder and other crimes. James has set to stand trial first before Larry Deleon and Max Gemma Skars has a unique strategy.


He says James is guilty of covering up a murder but not of committing one. You are asking this jury to separate the murder from other pretty terrible acts trying to cut up the body, getting rid of the body, burying the body, burning the body. It is tough, but But they are separate things. They say it was Larry Deleon who killed Joey in October, 2018. Two years after Joey's murder, James Rack over's trial began Opening statements today in the murder trial of James Rack over. But Jeffrey James's biggest supporter and surrogate father did not appear in the courtroom.


It was a much different scene for Joey whose family and friends packed the courtroom every day. What's been the worst part? Every day Pat was the first witness and his emotional testimony quieted the courtroom. I know it affected the jury, it affects the jury. In any murder case, Prosecutors painted James Rack over as a monstrously callous killer playing this phone call recorded in jail where James brags to a friend. I don't know if you've been following, but I start trial off September, so I'm looking at being home around October-ish.


My breath's gonna be up there, bro. Like my weight's gonna, but I hit the street. They're gonna be like, yo, this kid just beat this rocky and he is home. Oh my God. Yeah. See, Prosecutors called to the stand. Women who had attended that party, Bessy and Katie Conroy, but parts of their testimony helped the defense. Katie in particular said D Leon was the one brandishing a knife. He was using it to do coke off of the women. Painted a picture of him being pretty quick to use this knife for any variety of tasks. James' defense lawyers also point out that he had nothing to gain but everything to lose by killing Joey James knew that if Jeffrey ever found out that a dead body had been discovered in his apartment, that was the end of their relationship and that had to be factored into account as well.


When you consider why James felt so compelled to get that body out of the apartment After more than a week of testimony, prosecutors had a strong case proving the coverup, but there was nothing that directly pointed to James Rack over as Joey's killer. They seemed to need something or someone more. And sure enough, they announced that they had a star witness who was gonna take the stand. Hear more of James Rack over's jailhouse calls@fortyeighthours.com.


There's nothing worse than getting home from your trip only to find out you missed a can't miss travel experience. That's why you need via tour book, guided tours, activities, excursions, and more in one place to make your trip truly unre Regrettable via tour makes it easy to explore over 300,000 travel experiences. Everything from simple tours to extreme adventures and all the niche interesting stuff in between. So you can plan something that everyone you're traveling with will enjoy real traveler reviews. Give the inside scoop from people who have already been on the experience you're considering so you can plan with Confidence Free cancellation helps you plan for the unexpected. And 24 7 customer service means you always have support around the clock. Download the Via tour app now to use code via Tour 10 for 10% off your first booking in the app. Regret less, do more with Via Tour


If, you are a new parent. A bad day means you either ran out of coffee, diapers, patience, or all of the above. Stocking up on Cold Brew and deep breaths are all you, but at least Hello Bellow's got your baby's butt covered. Hello Bellow believes all families deserve premium, affordable baby products with their ultra convenient diaper bundle subscription service that includes seven packs of diapers and four packs of plant-based wipes. You'll never run out of supplies Better yet they're delivered to your door. Set change and cancel your delivery schedule whenever you want. Named Best Diaper subscription by New York Magazine and winner of the 2022 Good Housekeeping Parenting Award. Hello Bellow will keep you well stocked on diapers and wipes. Go to hello bellow.com/ Wondery to get 30% off your first customized bundle and a full size freebie product of your choice. That's hello bellow.com/ Wondery To start bundling with 30% off your first order. Don't forget that's hello bellow.com/ Wondery.


Prosecutors hope to seal James rack over's conviction by unleashing an 11th hour witness. Louis Ruggiero, a close friend of James Rack over The new witness turned out to be the troubled son of a very, very popular New York television morning anchor woman named Rosanna s Scotto. It's popular and well connected. Good day, New York. I'm Sanna S Scotto. Rosanna s Scotto is as hometown as New York gets and her 24-year-old son told the court that he met James because of his mother's friendship with jeweler. Jeffrey Rack over the day after Joey Common's murder rug Giro said he was working out at the gym when James called him desperate to talk.


Lewis testified that James looked strung out. He had bags under his eyes and he said that James told him, I've done something awful. There was a kid in the apartment, LA still. Leon got into a fight with him, kind of knocked him out. And then James says, I got my own licks in there and I didn't want a dead body in my apartment, so I slid his throat. We then put him in a comforter, threw him out the window, drove him 60 miles and buried him in a grave. And then he adds, don't worry about it, because I bleach clean the entire apartment and nobody will know about it.


Ruggiero testified he thought James was just making a sick joke, but the reaction in the courtroom was very different. Gasps came out of half of the room that was filled with Joey's family and friends. You could see the jurors actually recoil when he used the word I slit his throat. It was a stunning moment because Ruggiero was the first witness who directly implicated James Rack over in Joey Ellis murder. The testimony by Mr. Ruggiero was very damaging, But defense attorney Maurice Skars maintains that Ruggiero's testimony was riddled with factual errors.


Ruggiero testified that my client slit his throat. Joseph Communal did not have his throat slit. Sir cars stuck to his defense. That rack over is guilty of the coverup but not the murder. On cross-examination, the defense attacked Ruggiero. He had a lot of issues. Attorney Robert Kelly Endo in The fall of 2016, he was in the throes of as bad a drug problem as you could have. Ruggiero admitted on the stand that he had been spending $1,200 a day on marijuana, Oxycontin, Xanax and cocaine.


He never called police to tell them about James' Confession. There were a number of reasons to think that Mr. Ruggiero might not be the person you wanna hang the hat of a murder conviction on The prosecution rested soon after ruggiero's damaging testimony. The defense then presented only one piece of evidence. The ring reportedly warmed by Larry de Leon when the fight broke out. And why is that ring so important? The ring had a sizable dent in it. And If, you conclude that he hit Joseph so hard that he dented it. That certainly is a fact that we would want the jury to consider and it certainly speaks to who might have committed murder and who might not have.


In his closing argument, sir CARSs have won last surprise. He showed jurors four minutes of video where James could be seen in a building elevator and then in Jeffrey Rack over's bedroom where Jeffrey is sleeping. Sir CARSs argued that in those four minutes when James was not in apartment four, CD Leone alone killed Joey. Four minutes is plenty of time, But prosecutors have a different theory that James was looking for cocaine in Jeffrey's bedroom, didn't find any, and the fight broke out when he returned to apartment four C empty handed.


After 10 days of witness testimony and evidence, the jury got the case. Just gotta get justice. That's really it. Now it's a waiting game. On Friday, November 2nd, 2018, after nearly five hours of deliberations, the jury announced it had reached a verdict. The former James Boden of Florida now James Rack over from New York was convicted on all counts for the murder of Joey commonality. The verdict was greeted with relief and tears. I want to thank the Manhattan District Attorney's office.


I couldn't be more proud of NYPD and all Joey's friends and everybody else who supported us over the last two years. I can't wait to get these other two sons of bitches to go down just like this ass part of my language. This picture is me and Joey in Manhattan. Those who knew Joey best, like girlfriend Alyssa Libretto. This is actually one of my favorite pictures. It just shows how much I love him Are left with their memories.


I definitely thought I was gonna marry him one day. Honestly. He was just a beautiful person inside and out. And I, my life without him has been crazy. Joey's mother, Lisa can barely speak about her only son. So This was our last family photo together. What do you think when you take a look at Joey? Oh, I just miss him every day. As a way of remembering Joey, some of his friends got tattoos with a number nine, which is the number Joey always wore when he played sports.


I do have one, But of course Pat Commonality just had to get the most elaborate tattoo. Good to see. So your son's always gonna be with you. Yeah, I said I don't one of you better make sure it looks just like him and it does. Honestly, I never saw a kid cry. Never one time. Ironic. I'm making up for it. He was a special kid. He really was. If. You like this podcast? You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app.


Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Across America BP supports more than 300,000 jobs to keep our energy flowing. Jobs like updating turbines at one of our Indiana wind farms and producing more oil and gas with fewer operational emissions in the Gulf of Mexico. It's and not, or see what doing both means for energy nationwide at BP dot com slash investing in America.


My name is Payne Lindsay and I host a True Crime podcast called Up and Vanished. My new season has taken me to the remote town of Nome, Alaska where two people have gone missing. I'm convinced they were murdered and someone in this town is covering it up. We came back without my son. I want you to find him. The roommate lied about his whereabout Saturday night. I know he's murdered. I know he is. I wanna find my brother. Everything About this points to a homicide. I invite you to be a fly on the wall for the most intense, real-time murder investigation you'll ever hear in a podcast. Hi Payne. Would you like to solve a murder Receiving cryptic messages from a random stranger? I want to stay anonymous. I'm scared. Are you ready to get your hands dirty From Tenderfoot TV? Up in Vanish? Season four is available now. Listen for free on Apple Podcasts Paramount podcasts.