
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


When you are a small business owner, you don't just wear one hat, you wear all of them. You are a self-starter, a go-getter, A do-it-yourselfer. And when it comes to marketing, constant contacts here to back you from email to social media and events, our digital marketing platform connects you with more customers to grow your business. And with local support, we are with you every step of the way. Constant contact dedicated to small business. Try it free@constantcontact.com.


Hello? Yeah, that is A lot of space. Whatcha gonna do with it? Make big plans with the Amex Business Gold Plus card. It comes with funding solutions to support cashflow. Three points per $1 spent at selected businesses and up to $550 back on selected business Spend each year. Amex Business Gold plus just one of our cards for businesses on the grow. That's the powerful backing of American Express enrollment. Required annual threshold teas and season exclusions Apply. Benefit ends 31st December, 2026.


On your next great adventure, check into Abode Hotels. So this time you can bring the whole family, make yourself at home, or go wild, immerse your senses and seize the night. Even If. That means staying in Find a boat, hotels across the Canberra region and beyond.


I'm Carl Miller, the host of the podcast, Kill List. One night a hacker breaks into a dark web murder for higher sight, uncovering a chilling cache of documents called the Kill List. It details hundreds of names around the globe, complete with faces, addresses, as well as payments and instructions for their murders. When a murder disguised as a suicide shakes a quiet suburb, a hacker connects the victim to the Kill List. Would local police slow to act? He turns to an unsuspecting investigator, journalist to help. That's me. When law enforcement decide not to investigate, our team is forced to take matters into our own hands. A decision that plunges us into a high stakes race to warn those whose lives are in danger. And it turns out convincing a total stranger that someone wants them dead is not easy. I'm about to play a clip from Kill List. Follow Kill List on the laundry app or wherever you get your podcasts.


All right, you ready? Yep. It's a Thursday afternoon and I'm on a call with one of my producers, joyful. The road outside. My house is almost totally silent on my computer. I open Chris's document. Oh wow. There's a lot on here. Yeah, Chris has run me through the orders, but this is the first time I've got my hands on the Kill List itself. It's a long spreadsheet of names, locations, telephone numbers. So how many do we have? It looks like there's 85. 85 on this list. I scroll through the list. A man from the us, a woman from Russia, alongside each name.


There are contact details, workplace addresses, details of their movements, and in most cases there are photos. The photos are the thing that strike me first. A few dozen people staring out at you as you open this document. In one, a middle-aged man stands surrounded by his family. His light blue eyes twinkle with a deep and joyful pride in another. A woman tilts her head as she smiles shyly at the camera over relas glasses. She's somewhere glitzy. She looks relaxed and happy. The thing that's so striking about these photos is that they look like they've all been taken from social media. They look like kind of mainly Facebook profiles.


So they're They're the ones that you decide to put on your profile picture. Yeah, they're nice photos. Yeah, and it's, I mean it's just a photo, but they all just sort of have this un You know. They just don't know. And this is just sort of looming over their head and they have no idea. You know. Man, this is awful. This list looks like any other Excel spreadsheets. It's innocuous boring. Even until you read the instructions listed against each name. There's one fucking guy and I only have his name and the city he lives in. How can I hire a killer to kill him? How much Bitcoin should I pay? Tell me the execution time in advance.


I can't be there. I would just like this person to be shot and killed. Where? How and what with does not bother me at all. I would just like this person dead. These are the messages written by whoever paid to have these people assassinated. They're specifications for the hit. Can you kidnap silent and erase without a trace? Kill a nurse in Taipei. I guess we don't know the backstory, but like a nurse, I Want her to be killed. They should seem she's dead because of accident, not by Murder. Kidnap family in Hong Kong. Can we Say 15 Bitcoin for hit with a car and ensure fatality Mother needs to die. Someone wants to kill their mom. Kill an unidentified woman in Ottawa.


Kill A woman who permitted sexual abuse. Mosca Women, 45 years old. Jesus. Man, this is terrible. Just like these are really possibly 85 really serious crimes just staring back at us. Yeah, I mean this is conspiracy to commit murder. EE Ethically, this is the hardest thing to cover that I've ever tried to do and and for sure, I mean this is a ethical bomb waiting to blow up in our faces if we don't do this correctly. Yeah, I don't know man. It looks like a, a big Pandora's box that we're opening and once you open it, it's open. Man. I don't think we can put it shut.


The thought of what could go wrong if I meddle with this is terrifying, but so is the thought of what could happen if I do nothing. So I start with the obvious step. I'm quite nervous, honestly. Like I wasn't able to sleep that well. I dunno why it suddenly makes it a lot more real when it's just a spreadsheet at the moment and it's about to turn into a crime. I'm about to phone the police and hand over my information. Chris might have struggled with law enforcement, but I've worked with the police before in my reporting. I'm confident I can do better.


After all. This is a credible threat. How hard can it be to get them to take it seriously? Alright, should I just do it then?


Follow Kill. List on the Wondery app or Rev, get your podcasts. You can listen to Kill List and more Exhibit C true crumb shows like Morbid early and ad free right now by joining Wondery plus Check out Exhibit C in the Wondery App for all your true crime listening.


If you like this podcast, you can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey


From the award-winning masters of audio horror. Oh, I see a face right up against the window. Bleach white, no hair, black eyes. A round hole for a mouth. It's flat. Taylor. It's completely flat. I don't know what that is. I don't know what kind of a head is flat Comes the return of dark sanctum. What is that coming under the door? It's blood. Seven original chilling tails inspired by the Twilight Zone and tails from the crypt. Get Back in your car, Lizzie. It's okay. I'm here now. Josh, get in your car. Starring Bethany Joy lens. Clive Standin and Michael O'Neill. Welcome to the dark Sanctum. Listen to dark sanctum season two exclusively on Wondery Plus. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Apple Podcasts for Spotify,


It was 1983. Power suits and perms were all the rage, nightclubs, pulse with energy, and from bedrooms to boardrooms. Cocaine was the drug of choice. One woman was raking in cash to keep that supply chain moving. Her name was Lainey Jacobs. But Lainey had her sight set higher. She dreamed of becoming a Hollywood movie producer. That's how it starts. Before it ends, someone will be shot dead. From Wondery and the team behind the hit series, Hollywood in Crime comes a gripping tail of ambition, betrayal, and the dark side of movie making. Follow Hollywood and Crime, the Cotton Club Murder on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Listen everywhere on December 2nd. Or you can binge all episodes early and ad free on Wondery Plus starting November 11th.


You don't believe in ghosts? I get it. Lots of people don't. I didn't either until I came face to face with them. Ever since that moment, hauntings spirits and yet unexplained have consumed my entire life. I'm Nadine Bailey. I've been a ghost tour guide for the past 20 years. I've taken people along with me into the shadows, uncovering the macabre tales that linger in the darkness and inside some of the most haunted houses, hospitals, prisons, and more. Join me every week on my podcast Haunted Canada as we journey through terrifying and bone chilling stories of the unexplained search for haunted Canada. On Apple Podcast, Spotify, Amazon Music, or wherever you find your favorite podcasts.