
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


The less. your business spends the more margin you keep But. today everything costs more. So. smart businesses are graduating to NetSuite by Oracle. NetSuite is the number one cloud financial system. bringing accounting, financial management inventory HR into one proven platform helping you reduce it costs, maintenance costs and manual errors. Over 37,000 companies have already made the move to NetSuite backed by popular demand. NetSuite has extended. Its one of a kind flexible financing program for a few weeks. More. Head to NetSuite dot com slash cbs net NetSuite dot com slash cbs net.


When You're in the market for a new SUV, you want a vehicle that can handle your daily commute. Navigate the element and adventure with ease. You need the reliability of a Toyota and the confidence that your investment will last. And that's where Toyota leads the pack as the number one resale value brand for 2024, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. So check out the legendary redesign, land Cruiser or spacious Grand Highlander. Or test drive a RAV4 available in gas, hybrid and plugin hybrid models. Visit buy a toyota.com. The official website for deals. For more vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2024 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


I try to avoid 4 95 at all times 'cause it reminds me of a very bad thing that happened to my family and I Living close to the highway. I never really thought about safety factors. It was Sunday night and we had just returned home from dinner. Jeanie decided to step and watch the Red Sox game and I turned in early.


The weather was very hot, it was extremely oppressive. Shake. Came home at her curfew. She has a 12 o'clock curfew. She actually came home probably about 15 minutes beforehand To me, I was like, oh, I'm doing good. I'm doing good on time. I came in and I went straight to the back door just to see if it was unlocked and I just left it unlocked Thinking That my brother was coming home that night. I wanted to make sure that he wasn't gonna text me two Hours later being like, Hey Shay, can you come unlock the door?


It's locked. Shay was being a good sister and looking out for a big brother. I neglected to tell her that Ryan had called earlier in the evening and said that he was going to spend the night at his friend Ricky's house at a, I don't think anyone ever prepares for anything like this to happen to them. I heard a muffled sound, like a little whimper come from the bedroom right next to us. And I thought that was odd. Shea must be having a, a bad dream or something.


And Kevin got up at the same time. She Said, I'll check on her. And I said, no, I'll check on her. Which really isn't the norm. Usually I'm selfish and want to get all the sleep I need. And but that, that morning something told me to get up. I got up and my wife Jeanie followed me in there. I opened up the door and I saw a black silhouette over my daughter. I woke up in the middle of the night to a cold object on my neck. I thought it was a gun. I didn't know it was a knife. I just saw dark eyes in a mask.


The man spoke and it was a voice that I had never recognized before. And he said, If, you make any effing noise, I'm going to kill you. And that's when I just kind of went into panic mode and I just started kicking and I just pushed my back against the bed hoping to make as much noise as possible so that my parents could wake up and hear me. And my dad, the first thing I heard him say was, who are you? And the man stood up from leaning over me and just went straight from my dad. And we saw a knife in his hand.


It was the scariest thing I've ever seen. I saw a knife, a guy that was probably three times the size of my dad going after my mommy and my dad. He Was dressed all in black, black pants, black mask, just a terrorizing figure. And he was huge. My dad just jumped on top of him, was trying to grab the knife. I was just trying to get out of bed. I was saying, get the knife. Get the knife. The knife was very big. The blade was, I'm gonna say that long. And so I tried to grab the grip of the knife, but the man's hand was huge and it, it was ineffective. It wasn't doing anything.


So I just grabbed the blade of the knife because I didn't know what to do. I instinctively told my daughter, call 9 1 1 and get my gun. I don't have a gun. But something inside me told me to say that, which would keep him on his guard, What's going on? Came in and put it to my neck and brother. Alright. Alright, just a sec. Is he still there? Sorry, hold on. I was so confusing with the dispatcher and I was so flustered that I didn't even know what I was saying on the phone. All of a sudden he got a burst of adrenaline. He erected himself up off the bed with me on his back.


That's when I, I knew I was in some deep, When the man stood up with Kevin on his back, the knife slid through my hands. I thought, oh, this is it. We're all dead. It was so stop and go where one minute my dad had him under control and then he'd freak out again. And it, it, it was scary. When high school I wrestled, I knew a choke hold was. The only thing with a guy of this size that I had a chance on restraining him and taking him down was if I took his wind out and I choked him on the throat and threw my weight back and pulled him with me. And we hit the floor. And so at that moment, I turned around and I grabbed the knife again.


I grabbed the plate of the knife again. I ran back into the back room and saw a lot of blood and I didn't know what it was coming from. And then I looked down and I saw my mom holding onto the knife for dear life and she wouldn't let go of it. I was pissed. And all I could think about was I need to distract this guy so that he doesn't try to do anything else. So I'm screaming at him. I'm like, what were you thinking? That's when the man spoke and said, I just wanted money. And I heard the accent and Kevin and I looked at each other and went, who is this?


Who is sitting in front of us? And he said, I'm nobody. Let me go. And I said to him, I said, you're not going anywhere. You're fat. When I saw the police come into the driveway, I was ecstatic. I was so relieved and so happy. 'cause I knew that at that point everything was gonna be fine. And the second that the first officer got into the house, he just grabbed the guy and got him under control and everything. I didn't cry. I just immediately hugged my dad. He was really choked up.


It really hadn't hit him yet. He just, I don't think it hit any of us. What had happened As I left the room, Shay was with me. We just held onto each other for a little bit and I wasn't gonna let go of her for the life of me. When I first arrived at the scene, I wasn't sure what to expect at that point. I knew it was very serious. The sergeant told me that a man had broke into the house. He was heavily armed. Different types of weapons. Weapons that I'd never seen before. Chinese throwing stars, choking wires along with this horrifying mask.


After they left our house with this intruder, Jeanie and Shea went by ambulance to the hospital to attempt to genie's wounds. Ryan was in shock when he found out what happened. He felt bad that he wasn't there, that he was spending the night at his friend Ricky's House. And it's unfortunate 'cause he shouldn't because it's not his fault in the slightest bit. I think he just wishes that he was there to just protect us. Detective Tyros told me that the man that had broken into our house was a long haul trucker. His name was Adam Leroy. Lane lived in North Carolina and was running roots up and down from North Carolina up to Nashua, New Hampshire and various locations throughout the metropolitan and Boston area.


He had a wife and he had three daughters. That made me sick to my stomach to know. On August 2nd, a few days later, we conducted a search warrant of Adam Leroy Lane's truck. We found his log book receipts some more knives. We also found a movie inside of a DVD player. That movie's titled Hunting Humans. This movie is about a serial killer that goes around randomly killing people without any motive of or reason other than to just kill people. Later I learned that Adam Leroy Lane was on the prowl in our town for approximately five hours.


He tried to get into at least three other houses before eventually getting into the McDonald residence store unlocked door. He was out in our town, Hunting Humans that night. We started to think maybe he's done this in other places and just hasn't been caught yet.


48 hours. Listeners know to always expect the unexpected, including when home appliances break down. An American Home Shield warranty can restore your sense of security. It's simple. When a covered item in your home breaks contact American Home Shield and their trusted and qualified pros will fix or replace it. Right now, you could take 20% off. Go to ahs.com/ 48 to save 20%. That's ahs.com/ 48 for 20% off. Any plan for more details? See ahs.com/contracts for coverage details including limit amounts, fees, limitations, and exclusions. American Home Shield, don't worry, be warranty.


It's summer, which means you're probably spending more time outdoors and maybe even on the beach. Listening to the latest episode of 48 Hours. The last thing you want is worrying about your home while you're away. That peace of mind can come from SimpliSafe, home security, fast protect, monitoring, and live guard protection. Being SimpliSafe Agents act in the first five seconds of an Alarm US News and World Report named them the best home security systems. And according to Newsweek, SimpliSafe offers the best customer service in-home security. You can install the system yourself or get a pro to do it for you. There's no long-term contract, no hidden fees. You can cancel any time and it's under a dollar a day. Protect your home this summer with 20% off any new SimpliSafe system. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash 48 hours. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash 48 hours. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Diane was my wife and friend and she's my partner in life. I'd known her since I was 15. Diane was sitting outside on our back patio, just enjoying the weather, talking on the phone. At 10 o'clock I opened the door and told her I was headed to bed and she said she'd be up in a little bit. I kind of laughed 'cause I knew better 'cause she just would be out on the phone till late. I just went upstairs and I shut the door. I went to sleep.


I was just laying in bed and my bedroom door opened up and guy started screaming and shining flashlights at me. Guys were screaming at me to get my hands in the air. I thought it might be a home invasion or something. And I started to look past the flashlights and stuff and could see the silhouettes of the men standing there. And then I could see guns pointed at me. And then one of the troopers identified himself as a trooper. So I put my hands in the air. They asked if my son was there and he walked up on the police and put his hands above his head. Then they handcuffed him. I was able to look around and I seen my wife's purse and sitting there with her cell phone and keys on one of the chairs at the kitchen table.


And I told my son, we got big problems. Your mom wouldn't leave without her phone and her keys. Then I started seeing flash photography going off. I knew that wasn't a good sign. After about three hours, one of the detectives came in, sat me down. That's when they told me that Darlene was dead and, and She was killed at the hands of another person. That's when things started to fall apart for me. I remember hearing my son scream. He was in the kitchen, still handcuffed. He broke the chair he was sitting in. He had butted the refrigerator. There's Still two big dents in it.


When I arrived, crime scene investigators were already working in the backyard of what I describe as a typical suburban neighborhood. This woman had Ben on her back patio talking to a male friend on the phone. Darlene's friend hears the call sort of abruptly end a sort of muffled sound, an abrupt end to a call that in his experience wouldn't normally happen. Talking to Darlene, he tells his wife, they hop in their car and drive to Darlene's home where he discovered the body on that back patio.


She suffered a fatal stab wound in the neck area, ultimately causing her death. I got woke up about 6 45 on the 13th from a phone call from my brother. I answered it and he's like, Nicole, mom's dead. I'm like, what? You're kidding me. Tell me you're lying. He's like, no, She was murdered last night. And then I just felt my whole life just completely fall apart.


As experiences often taught the police and prosecutors, people who are killed at home are most likely to be killed by someone close to them. That this was not a random act, that it was committed by someone who knew her and someone who had the opportunity to kill her and most likely her husband. They, they accused me of killing my wife. They just wanted me to break down and say I did it or paid somebody to do it. I knew I didn't do it. Cops took me down to the Pennsylvania State police barracks where they had my brother and my father. I just remember coming around the corner from the door and just running to me and just grabbing her and holding her and giving her a hug.


'cause I just, there was nothing I could do for her, nothing I could do to make it better. So I just held onto her. We both kind of just wanted to rewind time. I never asked myself once if my dad killed my mom because I just knew my mom had no enemies. She was just great personality. I was just loved by everybody. So it was kind of like, why would someone wanna hurt her, let alone kill her?


And who would do it? Who could be such a monster? Shortly after the attack we had to go to court and see our attacker. He was kept in a, a plexiglass, bulletproof partition on the other side of the court from us. He just looked like a caged animal. He was disgusting. He wouldn't stop staring at me. And that was the worst feeling in the entire world. I Wanted to leap over the railing actually, 'cause I was so angry at that point.


I mean, I really wanted to, to get a, get a punch in or something. There was no way that we could allow this guy to hit the streets. The judge held lane without bail, finding that he was a danger to the community as well as to the McDonough family. We didn't know a lot about him at the outset. He had no prior record in the state of Massachusetts, no prior criminal record, but just from what we had at that point. We knew he was one dangerous individual. We put out an all point bulletin to see if any of the other police departments along the east coast had had any type of similar incidents in their communities.


And one of the first people to respond was a state police trooper out of New Jersey. His name was Jeff Noble. And he had inquired whether or not Adam Lane might have been responsible for a murder that he was investigating down in New Jersey. On the morning of Monday, July 30th, 2007, New Jersey troopers responded to the home of Monica Macero.


Ms. Macero had been stabbed multiple times in the sanctity of her own home. It was just the type of crime that someone with an incredible amount of violence and rage would have done. Monica Massaro was a single 37-year-old female. She lived by herself. She was very active socially. She had a lot of friends, really lived life to the fullest. We didn't have anybody that we would call suspects specifically. And that proved challenging for us. We knew that our victim lived in proximity to a truck stop. We of course felt that we should call the championship Massachusetts Police Department and just kind of compare notes on the case.


Basically, we wanted to know if Adam Leroy Lane was in New Jersey at or near the time Monica Macero died. So we asked Detective Tyros if he had any evidence, paperwork, logs, receipts, toll records, anything that would indicate to us, Adam Leroy Lane's route of travel. And all of a sudden Detective Tyros kind of stops and he goes, Hey, I have a receipt here. Okay. And he goes, it's from Bloomsbury, New Jersey. And we all looked at each other like, did he just say Bloomsbury New Jersey when George when? And then he gave us the second piece, which was July 29th, 2007. Right at the time we believe Monica died.


Short time later I heard Detective Noble say George we're coming to Chelmsford. When we arrived in Chel, Massachusetts, we immediately started, you know the questions, where's the evidence? You know, we want everything that Adam Wayne could have had in his possession at the time of the murder. We wanted to know where was the truck. And we learned that the truck had already been released.


We had Adam Leroy Lane's tractor trailer for approximately three weeks. Legally we were only able to obtain evidence that pertained to our case. At that point in time, we didn't have any other cases. So unfortunately, after several weeks, the owner of the tractor trailer was looking for his truck back without any other cases. We had to eventually give him his truck back. Everything in there that belonged to Adam Lane, the owner of the company threw into a dumpster, which was located in the impound yard in Massachusetts where the truck had bent. The trash hauling company was scheduled to pick up and empty that dumpster. On that very day, we got very lucky. We basically beat the trash hauler to the dumpster.


And the dumpster was, was packed. It was full. We suited up, took an entire afternoon, we took every piece of debris and trash outta that dumpster. And in that bottom of the dumpster, we found basically all of Adam Lane's personal property, clothing, shoes, socks. Without a doubt, every detective there suspected that we were coming across key potential DNA events in this case. We couldn't wait to get back to New Jersey, submit this stuff to the forensic laboratory and let the evidence basically show us, you know what happened Before Jeff went back, he wanted to interview Adam, Leroy, Lane.


At that point we told him, don't get your hopes up, but it's worth a shot. Going into the interview with Adam Lane, we had basically very low expectations because he didn't speak to the other detectives in Massachusetts. We felt he wasn't gonna speak to us. Hello Sir. My name's Jeffrey. Jeffrey Noble. Nice to meet you. After Detective Noble went in to interview Adam Lane, my sergeant and I waited for him. We were thinking, we're gonna be eating dinner shortly. It's probably not gonna go very long. After about a half hour, 45 minutes, we realized he's talking. After an hour we decided, you know what? We better go eat without him. And as we started talking to him, it became evident that Adam Lane, actually much to our surprise, wanted to speak with us.


How Long you been driving trucks? On and off? 20 years. For the first hour, hour and a half of the interview, he never once asked us what crime we were investigating. And my impression of that is he didn't need to ask. 'cause he knew I were there. He knew it and we knew it. They, They took movies that I had in the trip and made it seem like I was the worst Mass murderer you'd ever seen in your life. Just because I how I like horror movies, We did not have the benefit of the forensic results. So this whole interview was done basically with my partner and I just feeling out Adam Lane as we went. Did you go anywhere else?


No. Did you Leave? We told him we're not here because we think you did something in New Jersey. We told him We're here because we know you did something in New Jersey and you could see Adam Wayne's demeanor start to change. And my impression of it was he was starting to come to the realization that he was caught and after several seconds he said the words, I'm done. I packed up our stuff, we turned off the tape recorder. My partner and I got up to leave. We walked out of that room and after several minutes, Adam Lane made a motion through the window of the door, made a nod for us to come back in.


And at that point we knew exactly where we were. We knew Adam Lane wanted to confess This is gonna kill my family, That he wanted to tell us what happened that night. She sit straight up and got out of bed when she seen me and started screaming and I tried to get her to be quite Hollow. He described how he stabbed Monica. I Had the knife. It was on the bed about that long and she rolled against it. Cut right here. Best I could tell and I'm no medic. And cut this jur vein right here.


How far across? Okay, right here He described where he stabbed her 21 Legs on the stomach. Did you have any sexual attraction during any of this? No. Did you look, I love my wife. I love my wife very much. I ain't out for sexual choice. What happened next? Then she plead to death. I couldn't about it. I didn't take very long. About how long? Less than 60 seconds.


Adam Lane, no doubt about it, is perhaps the most dangerous man that I've seen personally. And the reason is because you know, there's no explanation. There is no why. With Adam Lane and he killed Monica sro, just in my opinion, for the sport of it. I received a phone call on my cell phone from the Chief of Police. They told us that Adam Leroy Lane had murdered a woman the night before he came to our house.


When we heard that we, we were, we were just floored. We knew at that moment that we came seconds, milliseconds from losing our daughter in the most horrific way possible.


Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds at Mint Mobile. We like to do the opposite of what Big Wireless does. They charge you a lot. We charge you a little. So naturally, when they announced they'd be raising their prices due to inflation, we decided to deflate our prices due to not hating you. That's right. We're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at Mint mobile.com/switch. $45 up front for three months. Plus taxes and fees promoting for new customers for limited time. Unlimited more than 40 gigabytes per month slows full turns@mintmobile.com.


Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds new possibilities, new ways of thinking. Maybe you'll find inspiration in the incredible true story of black female mathematicians at Nassau in Hidden Figures or the fantasy world of Throne of Glass. There's more to imagine when you listen. As an Audible member, you get to choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash imagine or text Imagine to 500, 500. That's Audible dot com slash imagine or text Imagine to 500. 500.


My biggest fear after I lost my mom was that I was gonna lose my dad. I didn't want him to end up in prison for something that he didn't do emotionally. I couldn't bear to lose another parent. I had been subpoenaed to appear in front of a grand jury the early part of September of 2007, and is it too close and more worried? I was getting Several weeks after we submitted Adam Wayne's knives to our laboratory for analysis, we received word of what the results were. The results showed that not only was Monica Mac's DNA on his knives, but also Darlene Eal from Pennsylvania.


Her DNA was also on Adam Lane's knives. I found out that my mom's DNA was on a knife from the newspaper. I think I called my dad. I'm like, so you're clear. And then it just kind of becomes a blur after that, just knowing that finally that they have the evidence to clear my father. After we discovered that Darlene's blood was on the knife taken from Adam Lane, I did meet with Todd Iwt and explained to him that we had found the perpetrator and apologized that he had been a suspect, treated as he believed somewhat unfairly during the investigative process and wanted him to know that we would do whatever we could to bring Adam Lane to justice.


I can't even begin to think of how bad it would've been if Lane was never caught. I think I would've been on trial for the murder of my wife. The DNA match of Darlene ALT's blood on Adam Leroy Lane's knife was a complete game changer. We knew that he was incarcerated, that he faced charges in Massachusetts and he faced charges in New Jersey since he was locked up and we knew he wasn't going anywhere. We decided we would defer to Massachusetts and New Jersey before commencing our prosecution here in Pennsylvania.


Even though he terrified me. I wanted to face this guy down. I, I'm sorry, but you don't come into my house and attack my family. I'm gonna be there. I'm gonna watch you every step of the way. We knew pretty much from the outset that this case was not going to go to trial. There was really no defense that he had to offer. He was caught red-handed in the McDonough House by the chumps Ford Police. So at some level we knew it was going to be a plea. And what it came down to was, how long of a sentence were we gonna get on this guy? The one sticking point for Adam Lee seems to be the sexual assault charge.


He was adamant that he wasn't going to sexually assault Shea McDonough. This wasn't about sex. So I went to the McDonough's and we discussed it. If that was the one sticking point, did they feel comfortable with dismissing that charge? If it meant that the plea would go forward on all the other counts and he would receive 25 to 30 years in state prison, That meant that Shay would not have to get up on the witness stand and recount everything that she went through that night and just traumatize her all over again. We said, okay, let's just accept the plea bargain and go forward with it. I would've liked to seen a longer sentence since that. That's what we were advocating for. But we also knew that Adam was gonna face murder charges in both New Jersey and Pennsylvania.


So at the end of the day, we knew he was never gonna get out. I felt compelled that okay, even though the legal battles for us were over, I was gonna see this thing through and I was gonna make sure that I was at every hearing that he was at, that I was with the families of the other victims. We went down to the sentencing for Monica Massaro. This defendant showed absolutely no mercy toward Monica Massaro.


We don't know why a person who is a husband and a father suddenly commits these kind of acts. I just was heartbroken for Thay and Frank Massaro. Monica was their only child and only daughter, and their whole lives revolved around her. I remember giving Monica's mom a hug and just saying how sorry I was and just really feeling her pain and it, it was hard. It was really hard. As we were walking into the courtroom, we noticed this gentleman sitting against a railing outside of the courthouse and he just looked lost.


We learned that it was Todd Ewald, the husband of Darlene Walt. I gave him a big hug and I just felt like awful. Why am I here? And his wife isn't here. I was just really thankful to meet him the first time, to be able to shake their hand and tell 'em thank you. For them to finally have their daughters killer face the consequences for what he had done. I was relieved that they were able to be there and see him sentenced.


You are sentenced to serve 50 years in the New Jersey State Prison. I wanted to know why Lane would go off and start killing people. I started digging, looking for answers. It just snowballed. And it ended up turning into a book. It seemed like he had a normal childhood. And as far as we could see that there was no criminal background. The police told me that it was very difficult on his family.


We'll, never probably ever know why he did what he did. There was more to write about because Lane still had to face the charges against Darlene Ewald. And I was determined that I was gonna be in that courtroom when he was sentenced. I could be there as a reminder to him that you know what, you killed those other women, but I'm still here and I'm gonna make sure you get what you deserve.


Getting the smile and confidence you've been dreaming about all from the comfort of your home isn't a total mystery with bite clear aligners. Just don't be surprised if all your friends start asking What's your secret? Begin by ordering your at-Home Impression kit today for only 14.95. Bite clear aligners are doctor directed and delivered to your door. Treatment costs thousands less than braces Plus they offer flexible financing except eligible insurance. And you can pay with your H-S-A-F-S-A get 80% off your impression kit when you use Code Wondery at by.com. That's BYT e.com. Start your confidence journey today with Bite.


Say goodbye to performance robbing engine deposits with Shell V Power Nitro plus premium gasoline. Hate to break it to you, but lower grade fuel can leave deposits in your engine that build up over time and leave your engine's performance severely lacking. Thankfully Shell V Power Nitro Plus removes up to 100% of performance robbing deposits with continuous use in gasoline direct injection engine fuel injectors. Download the Shell app today to find your nearest shell station and rejuvenate your engine with Shell v powered Nitro plus premium gasoline fuel up at Shell.


June 28th. 2010 was the day that Lane was sentenced for the murder of My mother. The McDonough's were there and the Massaro were there. It showed a lot of solidarity between the families, the connection that we all feel as a result of being tormented by this guy. There was some tension in the courtroom, but there was also a lot of tears and pain. And then there was just nothing from Lane. He was a blank slate.


It's like he didn't even care. We initially sought the death penalty against Mr. Lane. As we continued to talk with the Ewald family, they were becoming concerned about an actual trial. You know, going through the emotional aspects of hearing about Darlene's death in trial. The fact that a defense tactic might be to try and blame Todd as, as the killer, Serial killer Who police say went after random women along his truck route will spend the rest of his life behind bars. Lane pleaded guilty as part of the plea deal. Some of who Walt's family were in the courtroom today and they supported the agreement.


It was not hard to accept a plea deal for life in prison with for Adam Lane. 'cause whether he is on death row or not, it's not gonna change my circumstances at all. 'cause nothing can make up for all of the pain that he's caused. There's Just no way. I feel like if there's anything I can do for Nicole to make the road ahead easier for her, I owe it to her. I can call Jeannie anytime she's programmed in my speed dial and usually at the end of every phone call it ends with, I love you.


It's great because it's almost like a second mother. The McDonough's are sort of like heroes in my book. They stopped an innocent man from going to jail. They put a guilty man away and they saved countless women. It's hard looking at the other families and seeing that the hard times that they've been through and how traumatizing everything has been for them. And I do feel guilty that I'm still here and that others aren't. 'cause it sucks.


She just was traumatized. She didn't wanna get up out of bed. She didn't wanna leave a room. When She was in the basement. She was terrified of people looking in. She had gone off to school and she had some anxiety. She thought She was ready to go on to college and she, she had to come home. She, she couldn't be away from us initially. Therapy Made a huge difference. I was able to just get a lot of emotions and feelings out that I didn't even know I I had built up and it was just a great feeling. 'cause now I feel like I'm able to let go and able to move on without holding a grudge and being angry.


Yeah, She was hanging On. Every time I leave the house or every time I go anywhere, it's, we never forget to say I love you because you never know what can happen somewhere. Good. And I know We're, when I go to bed at night and I look at my husband, I think, you know, you are just my hero, really. I mean, he saved my daughter's life. He saved my life. He saved his own. It Almost looks like We're here because of him. So he really is the hero. He's a hero I think about moniker and a family and the alts and their loved ones that they've lost.


And I say to myself, you know, why were we so lucky? But I feel that he was sent there to be stopped to our house. I feel there was a reason or a greater power that enabled us to stop on that night. And I, I feel he was sent there to be stopped.


If, you like this podcast? You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Was there a crime committed? As far as I'm concerned, there wasn't


Guilty by design dives into the wild story of Alexander and Frank Interior designers, who in the eighties landed the jackpot of all clients. We Went to bed one night and the next morning we woke up as one of the most wanted people in the United States. What are they guilty of? You can listen to Guilty by Design exclusively and a free on Wondery Plus. join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify


From Wondery. I'm Indra Varma and this is The Spy Who this season we opened the file on Oleg Penkovsky, the Spy who diffused the Missile Crisis. It's 1960 and the world's on the brink of nuclear war. However, one man in Moscow is about to emerge from the shadows with an offer for the CIA. His name is Oleg Pensky. As a Cold War double agent, Penkovsky wants to supply the US with the Soviet Union's greatest nuclear secrets. But is this man putting his life on the line to save the world? Or is he part of an elaborate trap? Follow the Spy who on the Wondery app or wherever you listen to podcasts. Or you can binge the full season of the Spy Who diffused the missile crisis early and ad Free with Wondery Plus


Paramount Podcasts.