
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


A successful investigation needs facts, creative thinking, and lots of imagination. And that's why 48 hours listeners love Audible with Audible. There's more to imagine when you listen As. an Audible member You could choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest, best sellers and new releases. I recommend the Berman Murders by Doug Carey, a true crime saga set in the Mojave Desert New. members can try Audible free for 30 days, Visit Audible dot com slash 48 hours, or text 48 hours to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash 48 hours or text 48 hours to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash 48 hours


In May of 19 92, 9 days after marrying her high school sweetheart, 20-year-old Jennifer Judd was killed in her apartment. She was stabbed with knives that were just given to her as a wedding gift. Police immediately suspect a friend of the couple, but they never close the case. Then a decade later, a different man confesses, but that confession is dismissed on Who killed Jennifer Judd. A podcast from ID investigator Sarah Kalin attempts to solve this 3-year-old cold case. She speaks with Jennifer's friends and family in hopes of understanding Jennifer's life and her tragic death. She also tries to uncover why the police dismiss the confession of convicted murderer. Jeremy Jones. Listen to who killed Jennifer Judd, wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Julia Cowley, retired FBI, agent and profiler, and former special agent forensic scientist with the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. This podcast is about criminal profiling. This is certainly an unusual case. I've never seen anything quite like this one with many serial killers. It's the killing part that they enjoy, and once they've killed the person, they're done. Not Mark Twitchell Action. Mark Twitchell was an aspiring filmmaker.


I interviewed him for my book and we corresponded for a number of years. He wrote me probably 30 or 35 different letters up to about 350 pages of letters. In one letter, Mark Twitchell wrote, wrote back to me, and this is what he said. The fact is society in general has a deep and profound fascination with the dark side of human nature. I do think Mark Twitchell was using the filmmaking as an outlet to live out his fantasies, and it ultimately wasn't enough for him, and that's why his fantasies crossed into reality. I think Mark Twitchell believes that he is very smart, very methodical, very logical, very level-headed, much like the character of Dexter Morgan.


And so I think he got ideas from the show. I think he was drawn to the character because that's what he wanted to be. There's significant links to Dexter. He had a kill room set up with plastic sheeting. He had had a table set up for his victims. He had this kind of processing kit that was very similar to what Dexter uses. Never once did it cross his mind, it ever be caught. They aren't gonna catch me. I'm too smart. Nothing's gonna lead him to me. Our job is to put together the pieces of the puzzle. And in this case, we had a written document. There was this document titled Sk Confessions found in a deleted form on Mark Twitch's laptop, and it appeared to read like a diary.


This is the story of my progression into becoming a serial killer, and it documented blurring people off the internet. His first victim was a man named Jill Tero. I saw this lady, she had blonde hair. She was about five six. She She was very attractive looking And what was her name? Her name was Sheena. Sheena, Yeah. I messaged her, she messaged me back, how about we go to dinner in a movie? I thought that was a great idea. I she wouldn't give me the house number, but she just sent me really, really good directions on how to get there. He thought, Hey, what's the worst that could happen?


Troy Robbins reports, The Dexter Killer. It would appear that I'm unique in the world. There is no key, no root cause. If I really were capable of premeditated murder, normal, healthy, well adjusted 30 old men. I once heard the legend of another worthy victim, wonderful young children and great futures. I dealt with his remains in a disrespectful manner that traumatized me forever. The psychopathic serial killers my compassion. I quickly grew to resent and hate this man. These are the words of Mark Twitchell written to author Steve Buen. It is what it is, and I am what I am. For the first time on television, Buen is revealing the contents of Twitch's letters.


It's a rare look inside the mind of a killer. Nobody would side with Dexter Morgan If. you went around slaughtering school teachers and male carriers on a whim. Police say Twitchell was fascinated by the fictional character in the hit Showtime series, Dexter, I Need to Kill Him. Twitches been dubbed The Dexter Killer because of the numerous links between the television series and the real life crimes. So how did this young Canadian filmmaker end up accused of horrific acts? The story begins in October, 2008 To hear how everything happened.


It was like you watching the movie Edmonton Police Detective. It's hard to say, I mean in it Bill Clark, But now we have it happening in real life. Jills Tetra was online on the plenty of fish.com website, which is a, a dating site. Tetra, who was 33 at the time, was excited to meet the woman who called herself Sheena. I was actually late, so I was driving quite fast to get there. She said, I'll just leave the garage door open for you, and then you just go in, go through the garage. I don't think he ever imagined in a million years what would happen to him in that garage. It was dark. Then I, I kind of looked around for the door she told me to go through, and that's when somebody came out and attacked me from behind.


Finally look back, and that's when I see this man with this painted up hockey mask. This is chill down my back. Wow, this is No date is about like six foot and, and has this black and gold hockey mask all painted up on his face. The hockey mask wearing man had ordered him to the ground at gunpoint, And he to our piece of tape, and he covered my eyes with it. I start hearing different things like a jingling noise and stuff like that. In my head, it is just racing like, it's like thinking What's going on?


What's he gonna do? Is he taking another weapon out? Jill decided, he wasn't waiting to find out, I can't do this. I gotta fight back. So I got up and ripped the tape off my eyes. He was stunned that I got up and he started yelling at me to get back down on the ground. Instead, he grabbed the attacker's gun. When I grabbed the gun, I felt the gun was plastic. This is the greatest feeling I ever felt in my life because then I knew I had a fighting chance to get away. That's when I, I was ready to fight. I punched him and I felt really weak. I'm like, wow, why was my punch so weak? What Gil didn't realize was that he had been weakened by the effects of the stunned baton.


And then he starts punching me on the side of the head Just about. Then he came up with a plan. He grabbed my jacket. I jerked forward to make sure he had a good hold on it. I thought, that's a perfect time. That Was part of your plan. You're thinking, okay, he grabs my jacket. Yeah, and I can get free. So that's when I slipped out of the jacket, rolled underneath the garage door, and then got up and it worked and I tried to run and all of a sudden my legs wouldn't work, and I just fell. Boom, ran on the gravel driveway. That's when he grabbed my legs and he started pulling me back to the garage.


So I'm like, oh, no, what am I gonna do now? I'm dead. Gia was thrown back in the garage, but he surprised himself by rolling out again. This time Jill managed to get into his truck. I stuck the key in the ignition and then I just sped away. When Jill got home, he discovered the profile on the dating site had been deleted, and he did his best to erase his own memory. Why didn't you go to the police immediately? At first, I was in shock. I said, I told myself I'll do it tomorrow, and tomorrow came and I was, I felt so ashamed that I got duped, Embarrassed and confused.


Gil convinced himself that perhaps it wasn't as serious as he first thought. I really thought it was a mugging at the time. But just one week later, another man, Johnny Tinger would answer a similar dating ad and disappear. Where is he? What's going on? He wouldn't do this to us. Gary Tinger, Johnny's older brother, says, the last time anyone heard from him was on October 10th, 2008, when the 38-year-old left for a date with a woman named Jen. Not a message, nothing and then not showing up for work, totally out of character.


John was very, very, very responsible. And when did you grow concerned? When I received that email and this email was completely out of character, What did it say? I've met a woman named Jen, and I'm going away with her to Costa Rica and I'll call you at Christmas time. I just thought right away after I had read this, that's gotta be the weirdest message I've ever received. That identical, strange message had gone out to all of Johnny's friends as well, desperate for some answers. Johnny's friends broke into his apartment.


They found his passport and they found dirty dishes and they found everything just like as if he were going to return an hour or two later. And with that information, then they went to the police and they said, Hey, listen, you've gotta do something. You know, his, his red Mazdas was missing. He had taken his vehicle, it couldn't be found. So obviously that's what we're gonna look for. First, easier to find a car than, than a person based on the emails. And they talk about Costa Rica. The officers search all the parking lots at the airport. It's not found, everything's turning up negative, But there was one clue that would give police their first big break in the case.


On the day he disappeared, Johnny Tinger had forwarded the directions of where he was going to friends. Well, John's friends were concerned and his friend even questioned him on the email. You know, be careful. And John said, yeah, well here's the directions and if anything happens to me, you'll know where to look. Armed with the directions, police were led directly to the garage. They learned the garage is rented out to an individual named Mark Twitchell. Action Twitchell. Then 29 years old, a married man with a young daughter had used the garage as a set for a recent movie project. I'm glad I got the chance to work with you all, and I hope you, I see you all in the industry.


Mark denied knowing anything about a missing man or a red Mazda, and he had no problem with the police wanting to search the garage. They have a look around and they see some what looks like blood and Mark Twitchell is explaining, oh no, that's my movie prop. We did a film about killing a guy in here and I filmed it all and I've been cleaning it up over the last couple weeks. There were some things that were, you know, raising your spidey sense in this one going, yeah, this isn't right. Something going on here.


Hiring is challenging, especially when you're a business owner with a lot on your plate. Thankfully, there's a place you can go for help. ZipRecruiter ZipRecruiter does the work for you to make hiring fast and easy immediately after you post your job. ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology starts showing you qualified people for it experience faster, easier hiring with ZipRecruiter. Try it free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash zip daily dot ZipRecruiter dot com slash Z-I-P-D-I-L-Y.


Fans of the 48 Hours podcast, know that a good lead is always worth checking out. And if you're a listener who enjoys from the car, you'll wanna know that the National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4 available with all-wheel Drive. The new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain or wherever your story takes you. Or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander with three spacious rows of seating for up to eight passengers. Plus both Rav fours and Highlanders are available in hybrid models. So no matter your style, you can drive efficiently and save on gas. Visit your local Toyota dealer and check out amazing National Sales Event deals on RAVs Highlanders and more. When you visit buy a toyota.com Toyota. Let's go places


For detectives in the Edmonton Police Department. The disappearance of Johnny Tinger was a mystery in more ways than one. It's a missing person's case. We don't know what foul plays happened here. We, we don't have a body, we don't even know if we have a crime. Their only lead was Mark Twitchell Film Set Garage voluntarily. The amateur filmmaker came down to the Edmonton Police station to speak with Detectives Allt, does that name ring a bell to you or mean anything to you? No, never heard it before. No. Mark appeared to be eager to help.


He had no history of violence and was hardly a suspect action. In fact, he seemed guilty of nothing more than wanting to brag about his film career. I'm working on a comedy right now, which is a, it's actually a full blown feature that's actually gonna have a decent budget in the neighborhood of about three and a half million Mark Twitchell first film project. A Star Wars fan film had received some media buzz back in 2007. The Word has gotten around that I'm making a hundred million dollar movie for 60 grand and some production and directing jobs have already come my way. But the police were more interested in Mark's latest production, a suspense thriller called House of Cards.


Ah, Where a hockey mass serial killer lowers a man to a garage via the internet and kills him. So, I mean, it's kind of odd that you're filming that kind of thing and we end up going to that garage because of a missing person. Yeah, who supposedly went there. That's really freaky too. And as soon as they called me on the phone, I this weird chill. He looked pretty comfortable in the interview and when it was done and I watched, I went, wow, that guy interviewed. Well Hours later, Mark Twitchell even agreed to let officers back into the garage where he had filmed House of Cards. Little did they know the case was about to take an unusual turn.


Detective Murphy goes, you know, and meets him and talks to him and there's this huge revelation about, oh yeah, I bought a red car off a guy. It's like, I remember getting a phone call at the police station just thinking, holy crap, That's because police were still looking for Johnny ER's Red Mazda. So investigators called Mark again and again, he voluntarily agreed to answer more questions. This time Bill Clark conducted the interview. So as you know Mark, we're just here trying to find this John Feller. John Elinger Clark listened while Mark told him how he came into possession of a red car, a detail he failed to mention when he spoke with police earlier.


This guy taps on my window, you know, Hey buddy, do you want to buy a car? I have shacked up with this really rich lady and she's gonna buy me a new car, so I'm just looking to unload buying. How much do you have on you? And Mark claimed he bought the red Mazda for just $40 and that was parked at a friend's house. So what are you thinking when you hear that? That he purchased a car for $40? I just thought that's unbelievable. That's just right away. I'm thinking to myself, this is a bunch of crap. The strange story about the red car, the serial killer movie being found for Clark, it could only mean one thing.


There's absolutely no doubt in my mind that you're involved in the disappearance of John Ainger. No doubt in my mind at all, mark, why? But it was only a hunch. Clark had no hard evidence against Mark Police began digging deeper into his background. They were interested in speaking with anyone who had worked on House of Cards, where actor Chris Hubert's character meets an untimely bloody end in the film. My character was killed with the Samurai sword, as they said they would have a mannequin or a dummy to run the sword through. And when I got there, there was none. I looked at the the weapons, that was my first sign.


When I saw that they're real, I thought, this is off. I'm thinking, why didn't I tell somebody where I am? Heer left the garage Film set unharmed but rattled and is unease only escalated when police asked him about that allegedly fake movie blood. They spotted in the garage. How much of the blood splatter on the wall was from your filming? Then I said, none of the blood splatter was from a, And then in a search of Twitch's belongings, police found his laptop. They pulled off a hard drive, a deleted file titled Sk Confessions. SK Confessions. Police believed SK was shorthand for serial Killer.


One of the first lines, it says, I am not sure when I decided I'm a serial killer, but it was a feeling of pure euphoria. SK Confessions told the story of a man who was lured to a garage and stabbed to death a plot strikingly similar to House of Cards. I plunged the knife deep into his neck. It was unbelievable. I just remember reading it all and just was fascinated by this document going, holy mackerel. But was the document a screenplay or was it in fact Mark Twitchell? Confession of Murder.


It just doesn't make sense where there's smoke, there's fire. Two weeks after the disappearance of Johnny Altner at a garage film set, police had sharpened their focus on filmmaker Mark Twitchell. Police cameras were rolling as the forensics team process, Twitch's Family Car and the garage he rented and a few miles away, detectives have been at the Twitchell Home where they found just Twitchell Mark's unsuspecting wife of two years. What I said was, we're investigating a missing persons. I believe your husband's got something to do with it and it's quite possibly, you know, could be a homicide.


I didn't really go into anything more, but I think that was enough. I mean, She was emotional. Police soon discovered that the Twitchel marriage was already fractured. They had been living in basically sleeping in separate bedrooms. She was basically living on the main floor. He was living in the basement. So there was obviously troubles in paradise there. We knew that Twitchell had been having an affair with an old girlfriend and lying to his wife about having a job. He found out that he was telling his wife he was going to work every day. He had no job. He was getting his friends to invest in his alleged movie making business with his Hollywood connections and basically Mark Twitchell was living off their money.


Interestingly, the document police had found in Twitch's laptop titled Eske Confessions also referenced a crumbling marriage and secrets. It read and went through great lengths to bring my wife over to the comfortable belief I wasn't cheating on her. It was basically a almost like a movie script. But what was real and what was fiction. The closer police looked, the more the lines blurred. Police discovered Twitchell spent countless hours making elaborate Halloween costumes. It's almost like at times Mark. Twitchell lives in a fantasy world. But it was Twitch's Facebook page comparing himself to TV's, fictional serial killer, Dexter Morgan that really raised eyebrows.


Mark has way too much in common with Dexter Morgan Red Twitchell status. He talked a lot about how he loved the show. Dexter, I need to kill him. Twitchell even posed as Dexter Morgan on Facebook. We all have a dark side, some darker than others, and you're not the only one to relate to Dexter. It sometimes scares me how much I relate. I mean, look at this profile. That profile had caught the attention of a woman named Renee from Cleveland, Ohio. I am a huge fan of this showtime show, Dexter. So I thought, oh well you know, I'll be friends with him.


Eventually Twitchel revealed his true identity. He was a filmmaker. We are Rolling And he was working on a, a new thing called House of Cards. Camera's rolling. Renee was intrigued. After all, She was an aspiring writer and a friendship with a movie maker could open doors. I thought it was gonna be like a working relationship, A working friendship. You know, we had a lot in common. But I Mean you spoke to him a couple of times a day online, a Couple of times a day. Was it flirtatious? Oh Yeah, absolutely. Their email exchanges soon became dark. It was shortly before Johnny Tinger disappeared.


We talked about, you know, serial killers and you know, the psychology behind a serial killer. At the time, Renee was upset with her ex-husband's new wife. And I wanted her dead at the time, but I said I couldn't do it. And hypothetically, how would you get away with it? How do you get away with It? He said you cut her up in little pieces, you put her in trash bags like Dexter. And since I was close to the lake, you rent a boat and dump her out in the middle of Lake Erie. But then she began to wonder, He said over the weekend he did something and he liked it.


I crossed the line and I did something and I liked it. And what did you take that to mean? That he killed somebody. What other line is there to cross something inside My head just gave me red flags and said he did it. And her suspicions kept growing with another email he sent. There's an enormous missing person, possible homicide investigation going on centralized around a location. I've been renting for film work, so of course the police have tossed my house and impounded my car. Not fun, considering they won't find anything. But Twitchell had underestimated the police.


He thought he was way smarter than the police. One of the biggest mistakes I think that he made was he had no idea how we do our job. And that was a huge advantage to us. Adding to their circumstantial case. Twitchell possessing Ting's car, the SK Confessions document and his Dexter obsession. Investigators finally had hard evidence. They found Ting's blood in Twitch's trunk. When we got the word that the DNA matched, we briefed our tactical team, our our arrest team, and we had officers ready to make the arrest On Halloween morning, 2008, while Twitchell was putting the finishing touches on his Halloween costume at his parents home.


Police were busy laying a trap. We got an undercover operator to work the internet and pretend he was gonna an investor. He was lured out on the promise to meet this guy at this coffee shop. And when he got about three blocks from his house, tactical team swooped in on him and took him down. Tough guy. Mark Twitchell peed his pants. He was so scared and it was a little taste of his own medicine, I guess. Back at the station, detective Clark and Twitchell came face to face in the interrogation room once again. As I told you that night, I knew that you were involved in the disappearance at that time of Johnny Al Alterer.


That's changed slightly. I now know that you killed John Alt Alterer. Three weeks after Alting her's disappearance, police charged twitchell with first degree murder. The once talkative movie director barely uttered a line. You didn't get much of a reaction, did you? No, he's well, he knows not to say anything. Talking to his lawyers, he's not gonna admit to anything. He didn't have to es escape confessions, which police had been dissecting word by word spoke volumes. They were now convinced it was no screenplay, but rather a diary of murder. One passage about a knife read I thrusted into his gut.


His reaction was pure Hollywood. We do believe as investigators that the account written by Mark Twitchell in that SK confessions is exactly what he did to John Inger. By now, Renee had called the police as authorities began building their case. There was one crucial part of Esk confessions they wanted to verify about a victim who had survived. It was just a huge piece of evidence. 'cause not only would it verify what was written in esk confessions, it would also have a living witness. So it was paramount that we find this person.


Finding great candidates to hire can be like trying to find a needle in a haystack. You get too many resumes and not enough qualified candidates, but not with ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter finds amazing candidates for you. Fast ZipRecruiter's technology starts showing you qualified people for your job immediately ditch the other hiring sites and let ZipRecruiter help you find the needle in the haystack. Try it free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash zip daily that ZipRecruiter dot com slash Z-I-P-D-A-I-L-Y.


This episode is brought to you by FXs American Sports story. Aaron Hernandez from Executive producer Ryan Murphy comes the first installment of FXs American Sports story, the limited series charts, the rise and fall of NFL Superstar Aaron Hernandez and explores the disparate strands of his identity, his family, his career, his suicide, and their legacy in sports and American culture. FXs, American sports story. Aaron Hernandez Premier September 17th on FX Stream. On Hulu.


Detective Bill Clark knew his next move was finding the alleged victim who had escaped from Mark Twitch's garage. You know, one of the first things we did was check the police records, figuring hopefully someone called the police on this and we have nothing. But police had found a helpful clue during the search of Twitch's home. One of the things they had found was a hockey mask. The SK confessions talked about how Mark Chell had worn this mask when he attacked both victims. But we figured it was something the first victim would key on. Police soon took to the airwaves. We have some details on this male victim who was attacked and we would like him to come forward.


Gil Tetro was at home oblivious to the horror. He had escaped when a friend told him to watch the news. To date, we do not know who this victim is. I believe the victim entered the garage and was attacked by another male who was wearing a hockey mask. And it's the same hockey mask that I saw. Wow. Yeah, this is, this is the guy, this is what happened to me. It's the same mask. Everything. What Jill heard next came as an even greater shock. Another man had been lured to the same garage and met a gruesome man. We have not found John alt thinker's body. And what were you thinking when, when you heard this? I couldn't believe it. Once you find out the whole story, I knew at that point it was not just a bugging, it was actually he was probably gonna kill me.


I'm like, wow. I said, I have to go forward now. I have to come forward. Exactly. One month after he was attacked, Jill Tetro walked into the Edmonton Police Department and told police his incredible story. I was all off balance. I couldn't run. I fell down on the the gravel driveway and basically crawling. So he dragged me back to the garage. Jill's story matched nearly word for word what was in esk confessions. I grabbed him by the leg as if to drag him back into the garage. Caveman style. So I know that this diary we have is true. After this all happened, I realized how lucky it was Seven days after Gil was attacked.


Police say Twitchell wasn't going to make the same mistake twice. How did he kill John? We know that he lured him to the garage in the same way he lured Jules Tero. And then in this case, because he learned from Jills that the taser didn't work, he hit him over the head with a lead pipe Following the narrative. Police believe Tinger was then stabbed and dismembered on a makeshift autopsy table. What was the most damning piece of evidence that you discovered? We had, you know, luminol tests done on the floor. Large amounts of blood had been spilled on the floor of the garage. Probably one of the biggest pieces, a piece of tooth that was found inside there.


That piece of tooth matched up to our victim. According to SK confessions, the killer then broke into ER's apartment and sent out those emails about taking an exotic vacation. The killer then attempted to burn the remains in a barrel, but failed. He next tried to dump them into the river, but was afraid of being seen. Ultimately, Mark Twitchell drove around with it according to the SK Confessions document. He even talked about driving around with them and pulling up beside people at red lights and looking at them and thinking that they don't know I have a dead body in the trunk of my car. But where was Johnny Ting's body? SK Confessions describe the killer fondly choosing a sewer to dump the remains.


But that's where the pages stocked. It was a story without an ending In any homicide investigation, you obviously want to bring closure to the family. So not only do you wanna make that phone call saying we got the guy that did this to your loved one. But in this case we wanted to say to him, look, we found Johnny, Detective Clark Twitchell would provide the final chapter. I'm gonna get the car ready, we're gonna take a drive. You guys were driving around and there was a camera trained on him in the back of the police car. Yeah. What, tell me about that. When you, you read all the experts books about these type of individuals is they tend to like the media attention. So we thought, well maybe if we drive him around and we'll put a camera on him, maybe he'll just, we'll just take him to places.


'cause we had no idea where, where Johnny's remains were at that time. So in order to finish the movie, we'd find the body, take it back to the people famine done movie's over. You write it all down. Detective Clark was relentless taking Twitchell on a tour of his old neighborhood And we first drove to his parents' house where he had been staying. We actually demanded that he tell us he wouldn't look familiar. Mark, are we parked right on top of the sewer where you dumped the body? Next stop the scene of the crime. So here we are back at The Killing Garage, the Dexter garage.


Bring back any memories. You wanna tell us where the body is now and get this over with? But Twitchell remains silent. So police kept searching on their own looking in sewer after sewer. So all these manhole covers were pulled off in this alley. So anytime I'd see one, I always had my flashlight with me and would get out and actually take a look. Weeks then months passed and still no luck. Then a year and a half after Johnny Tinger disappeared, Twitchell while awaiting trial, broke his silence and gave the police a map Just up here on the left.


It's about a block south of his parents' house. Investigators followed it to an alleyway just a half block away from where they had stopped the search And he had marked an XX marks the spot. It took us right to this sewer cover. Here we could see what looked like pieces of human torso down there. In March of 2011, Mark Twitchell went on trial for the murder of Johnny Tinger. Prosecutors called Jill Tetro to testify and to prove that what Twitchell described in SK Confessions was not a work of fiction, but an account of what had actually happened.


I wasn't really afraid of him at that time. I knew he couldn't hurt me anymore. The only witness the defense called was Mark Twitchell. And he had one unbelievable tale to tell Steve Bu and a college professor and did. An investigative journalist was covering the trial for the Edmonton Journal and went on to write a book The Devil's Cinema about the case. Mark Twitchell testified that this was all a big misunderstanding and he had killed Johnny in in self-defense. Twitchell claimed that ER's death was nothing more than a publicity stunk on horribly awry. He said he intended to let both men go so they would create a buzz for his film by telling people that this had actually happened to them.


Buddy Clay Tinger became enraged at being tricked and he accidentally killed him in self-defense. He blames Johnny saying it was Johnny's reaction to his attempt at this promotion is what happened. In the end, the jury took just five hours to find Mark. Twitchell guilty. He was sentenced to 25 years to life. But for Li Buin, there were still so many questions. So the motive is the mystery. The why did he do this? What is Mark Twitch's psyche? What led to this happening? Questions little B and Holte might be answered when he got a call out of the blue from Mark Twitchell himself.


He just said straight out. If you're gonna be writing a book about me, do you might as well come straight to the source. What do you think Mark Twitch's motive was? See the evidence presented at trial and more at 48 hours.com.


There's nothing worse than getting home from your trip only to find out you missed a can't miss travel experience. That's why you need via tour book, guided tours, activities, excursions, and more in one place to make your trip truly unre Regrettable via tour makes it easy to explore over 300,000 travel experiences. Everything from simple tours to extreme adventures and all the niche interesting stuff in between. So you can plan something that everyone you're traveling with will enjoy real traveler reviews. Give the inside scoop from people who have already been on the experience you're considering so you can plan with confidence Free cancellation helps you plan for the unexpected. And 24 7 customer service means you always have support around the clock. Download the Via tour app now to use code via Tour 10 for 10% off your first booking in the app. Regret less, do more with Via Tour


If, You are a new parent. A bad day means you either ran out of coffee, diapers, patients, or all of the above. Stocking up on Cold Brew and deep breaths are all you, but at least Hello Bellow's got your baby's butt covered. Hello Bellow believes all families deserve premium, affordable baby products with their ultra convenient diaper bundle subscription service that includes seven packs of diapers and four packs of plant-based wipes. You'll never run out of supplies Better yet they're delivered to your door. Set change and cancel your delivery schedule whenever you want. Named Best Diaper subscription by New York Magazine and winner of the 2022 Good Housekeeping Parenting Award. Hello Bellow will keep you well stocked on Ds and wipes. Go to hello bellow.com/ Wondery to get 30% off your first customized bundle and a full size freebie product of your choice. That's hello bellow.com/ Wondery to start bundling with 30% off your first order. Don't forget, that's hello bello.com/ Wondery.


The first time I met him, he actually had me laughing. He's very charismatic. Mark Twitchell was nothing like author Steve Buin expected Has very much that salesman slick behavior. He knows how to put it on to get people to like him. Twitchell began writing to Li Buin before he was even convicted in 2011. Over the course of almost three years, they exchanged dozens of letters. I learned really quickly that he preferred to talk through writing. These weren't ramblings of a crazy man. There was actually some substance in these letters. Yes, absolutely.


So he's not, he's not crazy. He is, he's lucid. At first, li Uin didn't want to push Twitchel away with too many probing questions about his crimes. I asked him a lot of softball questions just about who he was, his family, his upbringing, all that kind of background detail. He was newly married and a new father. So he was just a typical local guy who had dreams of making it big in Hollywood and really no red flags, no warning signs that something like this was on the horizon. In letters, Twitchell clung to his defense that he had no choice but to kill Johnny Tinger and then dismember him.


He writes, I killed Johnny Tinger in a horrific accident of self-defense. After curly shoving aside my human sensibilities, I dealt with his remains in the disrespectful manner that traumatized me forever. He still is adamant that this was not a planned and deliberate murder. And to be frank, he's He's wrong. Ew. And points to SK confessions where Twitchell describes how he turned that garage into a kill room set up. A makeshift autopsy table had plastic sheeting and a processing kit similar to the one Dexter Morgan used. Mark Twitchell wrote to me quite extensively about his interest in Dexter Dexter.


On his mind. Twitchell drew this portrait of Michael C. Hall, the actor who plays him and to leue and surprise even behind bars. Twitchell was able to feed his obsessions Previously on Dexter Mark. Twitchell had actually been granted access to finish watching the series while he was incarcerated. In 2012, Dexter Starr, Michael C. Hall was asked about Mark Twitchell on a Canadian radio program. It's horrifying to entertain the notion that something you did inspired that Twit.


Shell's response to Hall's comments was to downplay his fascination with the Dexter character. So he wrote to me, as you're aware, Dexter has almost nothing to do with my case. Throughout their correspondence, Lili Buick continued to grapple with what drove Twitchell. And then Twitchell told him There is no key, no root cause. There's no school bully or impressional gory movies or Showtime television series to point the finger at. It is what it is, and I am what I am. He's a depraved individual and he knows that Retired FBI criminal profiler.


Julia Callie didn't work on this case, but she spoke with Detective Clark and reviewed Mark Twitch's writings and letters for 48 hours. She thinks she knows what made Twitchell tick. I think he identified with Dexter to some degree. I think he's different than Dexter and he's not killing bad guys. He's killing very innocent, good people living productive lives. And while he's technically not a serial killer, he was headed in that direction if they hadn't have caught him. Cali believes Twitchell took pleasure in planning and executing his crimes as if they were romantic twists.


I think the primary motivation was sexual. Sexual, Yes. And he's targeting men that perhaps he would be interested in having a date with. It's a combination of sexual motive and a thrill killing. He's pretending to be a woman and he writes extensively about what he's going to wear, the weapon that he chooses. He sort of describes it in seductive language. He said, I wanted the weapon used for the deed itself to be simple, elegant, and beautiful. And in a strange twist, Twitch's been able to feed that obsession too.


In 2017, he was allowed to join an online dating website for inmates, Which, you know, I find quite surprising considering the way he ended up in prison. I believe it's been taken down since then. The man who was tricked into that very bad date in Twitch's Garage. Gil Tetro continues to be haunted by the experience. We caught up with him recently. I still think about the pair up hockey mask. I still think about the stun gun in the fight for my life.


Mark Twitchell cannot be rehabilitated. This is who he is. Action. And for Mark Twitchell, the aspiring filmmaker, there may be one final plot twist. Author Steve Libyen sold the rights to his book, the Devil Cinema to a film company. Twitch's story may be coming to the big screen. If. you like this podcast? You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Across America BP supports more than 300,000 jobs to keep our energy flowing. Jobs like updating turbines at one of our Indiana wind farms and producing more oil and gas with fewer operational emissions in the Gulf of Mexico. It's and not, or see what doing both means for energy nationwide at BP dot com slash investing in America.


Wayfair's Labor Day clearance is back now through September 3rd. Score up to 70% off everything home plus end summer with can't miss surprise flash deals because at Wayfair new season means new savings like up to 70% off rugs, up to 50% off bedroom furniture, up to 60% off kitchen essentials and up to 50% off dining furniture, all with fast shipping right to your doorstep. Shop Wayfair's Labor Day clearance now through September 3rd for up to 70% off. Wayfair. Every style, every home.


Paramount Podcasts.