
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


When you are a small business owner, you don't just wear one hat, you wear all of them. You are a self-starter, a go-getter, a do-it-yourselfer. And when it comes to marketing, constant contacts here to back you from email to social media and events. Our digital marketing platform connects you with more customers to grow your business and with local support, we are with you every step of the way. Constant contact dedicated to small business. Try it free@constantcontact.com.


On your next great adventure, check into Abode Hotels. So this time you can bring the whole family, make yourself at home, or go wild, immerse your senses and seize the night. Even If. That means staying in Find a Boat Hotels across the Canberra region and beyond.


Hello. Yeah, that is a lot of space. Whatcha gonna do with it? Make big plans with the Amex Business Gold Plus card. It comes with funding solutions to support cashflow. Three points per $1 spent at selected businesses and up to $550 back on selected business spend each year. Amex Business Gold plus just one of our cards for businesses on the Grow. That's the powerful backing of American Express. Enrollment required annual threshold cheeses and season exclusions apply. Benefit ends 31st December, 2026.


I met Vicki in high school. It was like we were just meant to be. We had so much in common. That was my favorite song and to this day, I'll crank it up in the car. If I hear it, it just says something about, I guess kinda like the way I thought of her. Maybe. There was never, never a doubt in my mind how much my mom and my dad loved us. My name's Bill Wagerly. I was coming home for lunch. I was working on that side of town. I figured, well, I'd hurry and get home for lunch.


I found Brandon by himself. I thought that was unusual for her not to be there with him. I kind of looked around, I think for her, and didn't find her normal life. You don't expect something bad to be happening. She died by strangulation. There were a number, a ligature marks around her neck. Why? Why her You know. What did, what did she do? What did we do? He's there for 50 minutes probably before he discovers the body. There were definitely police officers that thought that Bill Wegerly killed his wife.


Could that person be involved? You know who else would've killed the wife? Did they ask you to take a polygraph? Yeah, I took a polygraph for them and I also took one privately. And did that make them less suspicious? No, it made 'em more suspicious. Why you didn't? I failed both of them. So Bill Wegerly for 18 years had to live under the cloud of suspicion that he killed his wife. I don't think they put two and two together that this had anything to do with a serial killer. This is BTK. This is him. He killed my mom, Out of the Shadows.


For three decades, Wichita Kansas has lived with a murder mystery. 10 victims, strangle without mercy, and a faceless killer who called himself BTK. I've dealt with very, very cold-blooded killers, but none who have such a tremendous memory over this many years. I've never dealt with anybody like this. Hello everybody. District attorney Nola Fulton is prosecuting Dennis Rader, the man behind the initials, which stand for bind, torture, and Kill. We have torture devices. He commented to me at one point, I'm sorry, I know this is a human being, but I'm a monster.


You'll learn how Rader became that killer and the untold story of one family's horrific encounter with BTK. Bill Wegerly was victimized and tortured in this whole episode from the day that his wife died the day that she was killed, it not only killed him, it put him under suspicion. For a long period of time, Bill Wegerly and his children have been silent about what happened to them for 19 years. They speak for the first time.


I remember seeing her across the hallway in school and just thinking You know. Wow. Bill met his wife Vicki when they were 16. She was just tall and slender and attractive. Well kept. I mean, she was quiet. And You got married when? When We were 17. Young. Yeah. Sometimes it seemed like they were just You know two kids in love When they were just 18. Bill and Vicki had a daughter. Stephanie, what do you remember of your mom? To me, it seemed like she was always happy and bubbly and You know easygoing and life was, life was good.


Eight years later, a son Brandon was born. My life revolved around her and, and her life revolved around the kids and me and her family too. Those are the important things to us. Then came a day so surreal that even 19 years later, bill Wegerly still seems in shock. When was the last time you saw Vicki? When I left for work that morning, probably about eight o'clock. The date? September 16th, 1986. And I just remember kissing her goodbye, which normally I didn't take the time to do that, but that morning I did.


While Bill was at work and Stephanie at school, Vicki was home at one point that morning she was heard playing the piano. She was also taking care of Brandon, who was then too. I was coming home for lunch and just to see her and Brandon. I passed my car on my way home. Did You know it was your car? Yeah, I was sure it was my car. And could you see who was driving it? I saw a person driving it. Yes. But not your wife? No. What happened when you got home? I found Brandon sitting on the floor by himself. Were you worried at that moment?


I was concerned. Yeah. I, I didn't know exactly what was going on. Why, why Brandon would be there by himself. That that's very unusual. What did you do at that point? I've eventually went into the bedroom and discovered her on the floor. Vicki had been tied up and strangled. Then you start to put things together that the person that was in my car, probably I'm sure did this and, and I immediately called 9 1 1. But when police arrived and started putting things together themselves, they came to a different conclusion. Did they believe you? I don't think they did.


That's because Bill failed those two lie detector tests. The individual that I hired to take the polygraph, he said he believed what I was saying was true. He said, it's just the stress that I was under. Did you think it was possible you might be charged? It got to a point, yeah. I, I was fearful of that. Police never had enough evidence to actually charge Bill or anyone else, but the rumors persisted for years. I remember going back to school and my, my friends would tell me on the playground, that You know, my mom and dad said that Your dad did it. That was tough, wasn't it?


What would you say to them? I didn't say we knew what the truth was, so it just made me more aware of who I was friends with. What about you, Brandon? Yeah, I had a, a teacher I think in middle school that had relay to her younger son who had told me that me and my dad were bad people and to stay away from us. Why? 'cause my dad killed my mother. As you two got older, did you wonder what had happened to your mom? Yeah. What would you think? Well, I can remember from probably age seven or eight.


My grandma told me that she thought it was BTK, but at that age, You know that meant nothing to me. So, BTK, those initials and this symbol haunted Wichita representing a phantom killer who had never been caught, although it had been nine years since his last known murder. Vicki's brutal death seemed to carry his trademark. She had been bound and strangled like all the others before her. January, 1974, four members of the Otero family are tied up and strangled, including two children, 9-year-old Joseph and 11-year-old Josephine, who is hanged from a basement pipe.


April, 1974, 21-year-old Catherine Bright, tied up, strangled and stabbed to death. October, 1974. In a note left at the Wichita Public Library, the killer took credit for the Otero murders and gave him himself a name, BTK for bind them, torture them, kill them. March, 1977, another strangling, and this time a witness, 6-year-old Steve Rafford. What do you remember that day? Remember s time Steve was walking home from the store with soup for his sick mother when he was confronted by a stranger, He stops me, approaches me, SHOs me.


A picture asked me, did I know who it was? I said, no, sir, I don't know who this is. Steve ran home. But moments later, there was a knock on the door. Me and my brother rushed the door. I beat my brother. I left the BTK in my house. BTK gave Steve and his two siblings a blanketed, some toys. Then he locked them in the bathroom. The terrified children watched, threw a crack at the top of the door as their mother, Shirley Vian was tied to her bed and strangled. What do you remember of him? Was he tall? Ma'am? I don't remember how tall.


I don't remember how short, but I remember what his face looked like. It sounds like you feel guilt that you ever let him in your house. That'd be for the rest of my life. How could you feel guilty about it? Steve, you didn't have anything to do with this? Yeah, I did answer the door. December, 1977, BTK, bound and strangled, 25-year-old Nancy Fox and added a twist. He reported the murder to police himself. Yes, he will find a homer side at 8 43 South purging Nancy Fox.


Then the killer sent a chilling letter to a local TV station that read in part, how many do I have to kill before I get a name in the paper or some national attention Apparently was pretty irritated by the lack of news coverage. Former Wichita Police. Detective Arlan Smith says the city was in a panic. We worked it with a sense of urgency because nobody knew how long it was gonna be before he killed somebody else. But then in 1979, BTK seemed to disappear. So When Vicki Wegerle was killed. Seven years later, police focused on the most logical suspect, her husband.


I knew there was an individual out there that did this, but to me it just seemed like they weren't looking for anybody else. It was 1983. Power suits and perms were all the rage, nightclubs, pulse with energy, and from bedrooms to boardrooms. Cocaine was the drug of choice. One woman was raking in cash to keep that supply chain moving. Her name was Laney Jacobs. But Laney had her sight set higher. She dreamed of becoming a Hollywood movie producer. That's how it starts.


Before it ends, someone will be shot


dead. From Wondery and the team behind the hit series, Hollywood and Crime comes a gripping tale of ambition, betrayal, and the dark side of movie making. Follow Hollywood and Crime, the Cotton Club murder on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Listen everywhere on December 2nd, or you can binge all episodes early and add free on Wondery Plus starting November 11th,


Christine Herron was 15 years old in the spring of 1993 when she disappeared. And in over 30 years, there has been no trace of her. I did know before the night was over, she was dead. Though A story of murder and heartbreak and investigative error, He was 90% sure he was gonna be convicted From CBC podcasts. I'm David Ridin, and this is Someone Knows something. Season nine, the Christine Herron case available. Now


All the, the pain and the heartache and dismiss her. What do you miss about her? Everything. I mean, even, even at 10 years old You know she was my best friend. I don't think people understand that. The difficulties that I had and the fears of just raising two kids, It was like Stephanie was my second mother. She, she stepped in and kind of took over. The Wegerly children not only lost their mother, Vicki, they also had to endure the whispers and rumors about their father for 18 years.


Was there ever a time, Stephanie, that you thought your dad might've been responsible for your mom's death? Oh, oh no. Absolutely not. Never. There's a kind of a cloud that rests over your head and, oh, there's Bill Werley. His wife was killed and nobody's ever found the killer. Hmm. And then on a March day in 2004, everything changed. It started with a letter to reporter Hurst Slavia. This is a copy of the envelope. Inside the envelope, a copy of Vicki Weer Lee's driver's license and what appeared to be crime scene pictures of her body. I looked at the crime scene photographs and realized that they weren't routine crime scene photographs.


They weren't routine because police didn't take them. The only person who could have was the killer. We do not have photographs her at the scene because she was transported because it came in as a medical call. So EMS gets there, transports her out before police have arrived. She brought police for Lieutenant Ken land wear who ran the BTK task force. The letter was a huge breakthrough. After 18 years, it cleared Bill Wegerly and exposed BTK as the real killer. This monster come into my home and took my wife from me. You know took my life our whole lives away from us as we knew it and and changed us as people for the rest of our lives.


For the Wegerly and all the families that lost loved ones to BTK, the horror came rushing back. We'd gone on You know with our lives all these years and then to have all of it come up again and to have to live through it all again was pretty hard. The return of BTK, also shocked Wichita's District Attorney, NOLA Fallston, like everyone else in town, her life and career have been haunted by the faceless killer. I was the same as anybody else with locking my doors, checking my phone, living in the same fear that everyone else was living with.


Good evening, A new letter and new clues Possibly From Vicki Weer Lee's driver's license was only the beginning. Throughout 2004, there was a frenzy of chilling. BTK communiques as the killer scattered clues from past crimes all over the city. Teasing, puzzling and frightening KFDI. The FBI is now checking out a package that was found in a Wichita Park. There were doll grams, little dolls, one with a noose around its neck. The killer posed the doll to represent the murder of 11-year-old Josephine Otero, who was hanged.


He's perverted. He's a sexual offender. He's a pedophile. There were serial boxes, BT K's, sick play on the words serial killer. He's gotta be really twisted to have to manufacture these pictures. He is sexually benefiting as he is drawing this stuff. Sure, Why would he reappear after years of silence? Okay, are you ready? Police believe it was because of a writer named Bob Beatty. Hi, excellent Book and the publicity surrounding his new book about the murders. This guy always wrote because he wanted attention.


He writes to a television station and says, how many do I have to kill before I get some attention? Soon enough, the killer, seemingly jealous of Beatty, submitted his own book to police and then he made a mistake inside another cereal box. He sent a note asking if he could send police a computer disc and still stay anonymous. So he wrote and he said, be honest with me. His words, be honest with me. If I send you a disk, will it be traceable? You know, put in the newspaper, it'll be okay, Rex, and send it under this code number.


Police placed an ad in the paper just as BTK instructed he in turn sent in a disc and was trapped When it reached its destination. Immediately it was forensically examined In no time. Computer experts traced the disc to a local church and a user named Dennis a Google search, did the rest turning up a Dennis Rader, president of the Christ Lutheran Church. And I looked at this picture and I had, I went, I went, you have got to be kidding me. The ghost who a terrified Wichita for 30 years finally had a face and what a face it was.


BTK was of all things. A dog catcher, a suburban family man with two grown kids and a tidy little house. It all seemed so normal. And then it was kind of like, well, yeah, he fits. He just fits. He fits the profile. He's every man. Everyone's gut said Dennis Rader, but police wanted the case airtight. They wanted DNA. They secretly obtained a sample from Raider's daughter. It was taken while she was in college in blood. No papsmear. The daughter's DNA was compared to semen, left at some of BT K's crime scenes, and it was a close match.


On February 25th, three decades after the BTK murders began, it all ended. One of the most notorious murders in American history, was arrested in the most routine way as he headed home for lunch. It was so emotional. I can, I can't tell you how emotional it was. It was so great. It was like this son of a bitch is gone. He is outta here.


This is BTK, and your job is to get a confession from him. He needs to say what he did. Wichita Police, Lieutenant Ken Mware, spent his entire career preparing for this one moment, confronting the man he believed to be the serial killer. BTKI Wanted to clear all the homicides. I just didn't wanna clear two or three. I wanted all of them. As Lim Ware sat down to interrogate Dennis Rader, district attorney, NOLA Olston, watched from the next room. What Was your first reaction? I thought he was a geek. I know that sounds terrible, but he was just, he was so full of himself For the first few hours, Rader admitted nothing.


Then Lamb ware took him by surprise and told Rader there was DNA evidence connecting him to six of the murders, including Vicki Weger Lee's Rader skin was found under her fingernails. Then it was like the dam had broken. You could not shut this guy up. What was the most surprising part of the confession To the one that that I will never forget is the fact of when he asked me the question, Ken, why did you lie to me? He lied. And what's he talking about when he asked you Why Did you look? He's looking at the floppy disc. He didn't think we could trace a floppy disc because he asked me that, why'd you lie to me?


If you wouldn't have lied to me, I wouldn't have sent it to you. 'cause I was trying to catch you. And when I told him I was trying to catch you, he says, but we had such a good thing going, you and I had that rapport. He really thought that they would be honest with him. Can you believe that it could have sold him to Brooklyn Bridge? From that point on, Rader eagerly spent the next 30 hours reviewing the last 30 years of his life as he proudly confessed to murder. After murder, Rader revealed a darker nature than anyone could have imagined. S nauseating. He'd start going on and on and on about each and every one of his conquests.


While Rader was confessing, investigators began turning up physical evidence against him in his city hall office. They discovered in plain sight a cabinet full of souvenirs from the killings, all neatly filed away. Rader called the stash, his mother load. He had all the original communications, he had all the evidence, all the trinkets, driver's licenses, all those things were all very neatly stored, all in binders. Inside Raders, tiny 900 square foot house investigators found another stash, a container in his closet full of what Rader called slick ads, sexual fantasy cards he made using magazine photos of women and young girls.


What is wrong with this guy? His mind was totally fantasy driven. Police theorize. These fantasies allowed Rader to go years without killing and were key to his elaborate double life. A life in which the normal activities of Dennis Rader fed the ghoulish appetites of BTK. For instance, he told police he used a former job installing burglar alarms to enter homes and troll for victims. You always felt like he was very busy and You know whatever you got, just whatever you need, let him know because he's got things to do. Very busy man. Denise Maddick shared an office with Rader at the Home Security Company, a DT in the 1980s.


Vicki Wegerly was killed in the middle of the day when he was working at a DT and when you were working with him, which means he had to leave in the middle of the day and then come back after killing a woman and brutally killing a woman. When Rader admitted to the 1985 strangling of Marine Hedge, a woman who lived on his own block, he told police he took the body to his church where he posed and photographed it. It was the same church where he appeared to be so devout. He was elected president of the congregation.


We just couldn't believe that they were talking about the Dennis Rader that we knew. Paul Carlstead has known Dennis Rader for 30 years. The dentist that came to church every Sunday, the dentist that was was there to help in whatever way we wanted him to help it. It just didn't. It just didn't make any sense. Rader also revealed that he slipped away from a Boy Scout camping trip in 1991 to strangle 62-year-old Dolores Davis. It was Raider's last murder. His Fanta is to take her to a barn, string her up, and then do some sexual bondage things with this dead body and photograph her.


But Rader got caught in a snowstorm and dumped the body under a bridge instead. And it isn't until a couple of weeks later that her body's actually located underneath this bridge out in the county and they find with it a mask, a plastic mask that's been painted, decorated with some eyelashes and lipstick and painted face on it. What made him think he had the right to take somebody that meant the world to me So unjust for Dolores Davis's son, Jeff. Learning the identity of his mother's killer is a fresh outrage.


What sick, perverted pleasure can you possibly get? Enjoying looking into somebody's terrified eyes as you strangle the life out of them. The BTK suspect will be back in court in about a half an hour. A court proceeding is scheduled at nine o'clock. Finally, Rader was forced to appear in public for the first time since his arrest. Sir, I have been advised it is your desire to enter a plea of guilty in this case. Is that correct? Yes, sir. On June 27th in a Wichita courtroom, he pleaded guilty to all 10 murders.


I used a Russ as a telephone repair man to get in their house. Raider's casual, cooperative tone in the courtroom seemed strangely at odds with the brutal murders he described. I was still kind of in a fog. I think You know. It just didn't seem real that this person could do these things and then for me, it really hit home when he said he walked on up to the door and heard the piano. As I approached it, I could hear a piano sound. That's when I knew that You know. Yeah, that was my mom that he heard playing. Is that the first time you realized this really was the killer? But even as he was admitting what he did, Dennis Rader failed to answer the biggest question of all what made him do it.


I remember one of the detectives saying, the devil comes in an angel's disguise.


Did You know that after World War ii, the US government quietly brought former Nazi scientists to America in a covert operation to advance military technology or that in the 1950s, the US Army conducted a secret experiment by releasing bacteria over San Francisco to test how a biological attack might spread without alerting the public. These might sound like conspiracy theories, but they're not. They're well-documented government operations that have been hidden away in classified files for decades. I'm Luke Lamana, a Marine Corps recon fan, and I've always had a thing for digging into the unknown. It's what led me to start my new podcast, redacted Declassified Mysteries. In it, I explore hidden truths and reveal some eye-opening events like covert experiments and secret operations that those in power tried to keep bearing, follow redacted, declassified mysteries with me. Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts to listen ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app


From the award-winning Masters of Audio Horror. Oh, I see a face right up against the window. Bleach white, no hair, black eyes, a round hole for a mouth. It's flat, Taylor. It's completely flat. I don't know what that is. I don't know what kind of a head is. Flat Comes the return of dark sanctum. Fuck. What is that coming under the door? It's blood. Seven Original Chilling tales inspired by the Twilight Zone and tails from the crypt. Get Back in your car, Lizzie. It's okay. I'm here now. Josh, get in your car. Starring Bethany Joy lens. Clive Standin and Michael O'Neill. Welcome to the dark Sanctum. Listen to dark sanctum Season two exclusively on Wondery Plus. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app Apple Podcasts for Spotify.


It just still doesn't seem, it still doesn't seem a hundred percent real to me. Why not that this normal look, You know, normal, average guy that's married, has two kids, does all the normal stuff that, that he could do such horrible things to so many innocent people. Well, You know Dennis Rader did do these horrible things. The only question is why I was able to speak with him by phone and I met with him twice in jail. Cameras, however, were banned. This is what Rader told me. He says he grew up like any other child in a loving family and insists he was never abused.


In fact, Raders court appointed attorney, Steve Osborne, admits he tried to find something, anything from Dennis Raider's past that could somehow explain BTK. We talked to the family some and You know we didn't see anything that jumped out at us as abnormal. No trauma, no big event that would scar him or, or or cause You know something like this to happen. Yet as young as seven or eight years of age, Rader told me and investigators, he became fascinated with inflicting pain on living things. He started with animals As a young boy.


He first became aroused when he was at his grandparents' farm and they would kill chickens for, for feeding the family, and he became very fixated on the death of those animals And it gets stranger. While other boys of his generation looked up to baseball players, Raiders says his hero was Harvey g Gladman a serial killer who targeted young single women in Hollywood. He was executed in 1959 when Raider was just 14, but g Gladman became an inspiration for the boy who would grow up to terrorize Wichita.


Remember Annette Funicello? Rader told detectives, quote, she was my favorite fantasy hit target when she was on the Musketeers. Rader imagined how he would kidnap the star Musketeer and quote, do sexual things to her in California. Reader told me that as he got older, he collected Detective Pulp magazines depicting women in bondage that the act of tying up a human body became an obsession. An obsession that he managed to keep secret from everyone he knew. Even when he began killing at the age of 29 for all these years, he seemed just like anybody else here.


He might've been someone you talked to. You might've been standing next to him here in the library, Right? Right. This is Author Robert Beatty. They were looking for crazy Charles Manson. Somebody with a history of crimes, sex crimes, mental disorders. You get on the elevator with Charles Manson, you're gonna move the other side of the elevator, so you get on the elevator with BTK, you're gonna smile and nod and have a conversation. You're never gonna suspect this guy. I Trusted this man. I mean, I really trusted him During the time that Denise Maddox shared an office with Rader at a DT, you will find a homicide. That 14 second phone call reporting Nancy Fox's homicide was replayed repeatedly on television.


Denise, you worked with him for 11 years. I did. And you didn't recognize his voice on That? I Didn't phone Mr. Rayer. Would you please stand with counsel? She also never connected the killer's behavior with a Dennis Rader. She knew. Sure, I have been. He was polite and even protective of women. I was working around all these guys, sharing the restroom with them. I was the only woman and he always wanted to make sure that they put the lid down and no dirty jokes. He painted the bathroom for me because I thought it was a, it was really gross. Well, no, I mean They were, they sat well, we know from Raider's own letters to police that he admired famous murderers like Jack the Ripper and Son of Sam, but what isn't widely known is how much he borrowed from his hero, serial killer Harvey g Gladman.


A warning, what you were about to see may be very disturbing. Back in the 1950s, glat men's victims were beautiful young models. He would lure them with the promise of a photo shoot klatman bound gagged, and then photographed them in the moments before he strangled them. Rader told me that's where he got the idea. These are the pictures. Dennis Rader took this of his last killing. He shows her laying on the bed gagged Rader even sketched a drawing of that same victim. It Was with her eyes open and a very horrified look on her face and actually reinforcing that she knew of her impending death.


Rader is proud to take credit for all of this, but what he didn't want the public to know was how far he took his obsession with bondage. This is Rader. He took these photographs of himself. This one in an open grave, he dug for a victim. Dennis Rader did not want that evidence to come out. He did not want people to see him in a negative light. He wanted people to see him as some gentleman. Serial killer. We believe that that was totally inappropriate, The killing, the stalking, the fantasy world. Somehow Rader managed to hide it all. Even from the woman who thought she knew him best.


His wife of 33 years, Paula Rader, a bookkeeper. They appeared to be a devoted couple, regularly attending church together. Is it possible that his wife who lived with him for all those years truly had no idea he was connected to this? I'm convinced of it. No. What makes you say that? I've talked to that woman. That woman, just to be honest, is a very, very nice woman, a saint. She is totally devastated. I've talked to his daughter, a wonderful, wonderful young woman, totally devastated by the actress of this man. They had no idea. How would his wife not have any idea that she was living with a serial killer In a 30 year period?


He disappeared for 10 nights in a 30 year period, probably less than a lot of men in America, But he hid so much stuff in the house and she You know. He was pretty neat. He, he had, he kept it neat. He kept it orderly. A lot of his stuff was at his, his workplace and he's such a control freak. Maybe that's the relationship he had with his wife. Don't be touching my things. Why didn't Rader target his wife? He looked shocked when I asked him that question. He said he didn't kill anyone. He knew that his victims were just objects. He did say however, that his wife was terrified of BTK and that he once reassured her by telling her to keep all the windows and doors locked.


I wasn't really worried. He told me since I knew I was the one doing all the killing, I'll take care of that For you. Steve Osborne believes that Even If, no one had discovered his well-kept secret. Dennis Rader, dog catcher scout leader church president, was planning to one day take credit for becoming BTK. I think this was his life's work and he wanted basically to take a bow for it. I mean this, this is who he was. This is what he did. I don't think that he was gonna go to the gray without taking a bow for this, What do you hope happens to Dennis Rader at this point? I hope he is incarcerated for the rest of his life, which he will be and that we never have to hear from him again.


Dracula the ancient vampire who terrorizes Victorian London blood and garlic bats and crucifixes, Even If. You haven't read the book. You think You know the story? One Of the incredible things about Drac is that not only is it this wonderful snapshot of the 19th century, but it also has so much resonance. Today, The vampire doesn't cast a reflection in the mirror, so when we look in the mirror, the only thing we see is our own monstrous abilities from the host and producer of American history, tellers and History Daily comes the new podcast, the Real History of Dracula. We'll reveal how author Bram Stoker rated ancient folklore, exploited Victorian fears around sex, science and religion, and how even today we remain enthralled to his strange creatures of the night. You can binge all episodes of the real history of Dracula exclusively with Wondery Plus join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify.


You don't believe in ghosts? I get it. Lots of people don't. I didn't either until I came face to face with them. Ever since that moment, hauntings spirits and the unexplained have consumed my entire life. I'm Nadine Bailey. I've been a ghost tour guide for the past 20 years. I've taken people along with me into the shadows, uncovering the macabre tales that linger in the darkness and inside some of the most haunted houses, hospitals, prisons, and more. Join me every week on my podcast Haunted Canada as we journey through terrifying and bone chilling stories of the unexplained search for haunted Canada. On Apple podcast, Spotify, Amazon Music, or wherever you find your favorite podcasts.


It is some person within our community suffering from a mentality disorder Leaning Toward the fetish. For those in Wichita who lived through three decades of fear and grief, It's like a war has ended and there's not really a victory, but the war's over Today is a day they never thought they'd see. Dennis Rader is about to be sentenced for his crimes. I can see it in his eyes and his face. This guy's an animal and he is a monster To make sure Rader is put in prison for life.


The state must present evidence of his killings After we had heard what she had went through. I know for me, that's when I decided that I could be strong enough for her to sit through everything that I had to to get to the end of it. That's the least I can do for her. For Steven Rafford, it is a memory he has tried so hard to forget. I see the same thing all my life. My mom laying there on that bed, me looking over that door.


Until now, this is the only way Steve er could release the anger and grief he has known since his mother was killed by Rader in 1977. Will it be over after the sentencing for you? No. It will never, never be over, ma'am. Never until this son of a bitch is dead. My mom was my life man. He took it from Good morning. Pretty satisfying for you in any point. Are you guys Feeling this morning With the sentencing about to begin? Rafford and the other families arrived to finally confront the man who caused them all so much pain.


I've waited 14 years. I want him to hear my statement. I want him to hear what I have to say. District attorney Nola Olston hopes to expose the real man behind the killer who was invisible and once seemed invincible. This is a man who is twisted and the community needed to see that All rise. Thank you. Please be seated. It is a day and a half of mind numbing testimony. He Strangled her by tying the rope tightly around her neck, put a plastic bag over her head. Did Mrs. Davis put up any resistance or fight? There was nothing that she could do and he stated that it took approximately two to three minutes for her and she felt no more pain.


Finally, My name is Charlie Otter. My name's Beverly Plat. The families get their chance to speak. I want him to suffer as much as he made his victims suffer. Although we have never met. You have seen my face before. It is the same face you murdered over 30 years ago. The face of my mother, Julia Terro. For the last 5,326 days, I have wondered what it would be like to confront the walking cesspool that took my mother's precious life. If I had your devil nature, I would delight in the fact that your congregation has turned its back on you, that your wife has divorced you, that your own children have disowned you.


You have now lost everything and you will forever remain nothing. Thank you, your Honor. My name's Steve Alford. Shirley Vian was my mother After waiting 28 years. For this moment, I'd just like for him to suffer for the rest of his life. Words fail. Steve Refor And You know I don't so Your Honor. My Name is Bill Werley. Bill Werley too is overwhelmed as his daughter speaks from her broken heart.


It's Been almost 19 years now that my brother and I had the most important woman in our lives taken from us. It's not fair that we had so little time with her. It's not fair that she doesn't get to see me with her grandchildren. My mother begged for her life, yet he showed no remorse. If the families hoped to see that remorse from Dennis Rader today, they didn't get it. Some of them weren't even willing to sit and hear him speak and simply walked out And we were okay.


I know the victims' families will never be able to forgive me. I hope somewhere deep down eventually that'll happen When he finally apologizes Final apologize to the victim's families. There's no way that I can ever repay him. His closing words ring hollow. It's pitiable for Mr. Rader to stand here looking all pale and pasty and say how sorry he is. You know. Gosh, I'm really sorry. Well, what else do you say after you kill 10 people? At the time of the murders, Kansas had no death penalty. You Dennis l Rader, be taken by the Sheriff of Sedwick County County, So the judge gave Rader the maximum sentence.


175 years They're coming down the road. They're now on prison property And if the families get their way, Dennis Rader and BTK will just fade into the past. I hope that people will not correspond with him, have anything to do with him that will probably be a greater suffering to him than if he was put to death or tortured or whatever else.


If you like this podcast, you can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at wondery.com/survey.


Did You know that after World War ii, the US government quietly brought former Nazi scientists to America in a covert operation to advance military technology or that in the 1950s the US Army conducted a secret experiment by releasing bacteria over San Francisco to test how a biological attack might spread without alerting the public. These might sound like conspiracy theories, but they're not. They're well-documented government operations that have been hidden away in classified files for decades. I'm Luke Lamana, a Marine Corps recon vet, and I've always had a thing for digging into the unknown. It's what led me to start my new podcast, redacted Declassified Mysteries. In it, I explore hidden truths and reveal some eye-opening events like covert experiments and secret operations that those in power tried to keep bearing, follow, redacted, declassified mysteries with me. Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts to listen ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app


In the Pacific Ocean. Halfway between Peru and New Zealand lies a tiny volcanic island. It's a little known British territory called Pitcan, and it harbored a deep, dark scandal. There wouldn't be a girl on Pitcan once they reached the age of 10. That was still a virgin. It just happens to all. I'm journalist Luke Jones and for almost two years I've been investigating a shocking story that has left deep scars on generations of women and girls from Pitcan. When there's nobody watching, nobody going to report it, people will get away with what they can get away With. In the Pitcan Trials, I'll be uncovering a story of abuse and the fight for justice that has brought a unique lonely Pacific Island to the brink of extinction. Listen to the Pitcan Trials exclusively on Wondery Plus. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify.