
The first season of Georgie and Mandy is a bonafide hit. Be cool. Okay. We don't say it out loud. Hmm. Okay. Can we just say it's great? Thank you for saying that out loud with lots and lots of laughs. So everybody knows I only told Mandy, well, I only told Mom and dad. That's everybody. So quick summary. Laugh at Georgie and Mandy's first marriage with all episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus and returning new CBS fall. Yes, yes. Also, yes. Now streaming,


Everyone who comes into this clinic is a mystery. We Don't know what we're looking For. The bodies are the scene of the crime. Their symptoms and history are clues. You saved your life. We're doctors and we're detectives. I kind of love it if I'm being honest. Solve the puzzle. Save the patient. Watson. All episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus,


You don't know exactly what you're gonna be finding up there and, and so just driving up there in, in itself, you're kind of walking into the unknown. I, I believe I was a little nervous. I would describe it as being absolutely savage. This Was someone who used a baseball bat to kill the family. What I see is an attack that is not only calculated and carried out with precision.


There Was blood all over the room, on the ceiling, on the floor. I also see a crime scene that smacks of the murderer having a very, very personal vendetta. 2 51, Somebody just went off the deep end and once they started killing, they either enjoyed it or they couldn't stop themselves. In an upper middle class neighborhood of an upper middle class community, three unsuspecting and undeserving human beings were savagely beaten to death.


There's blood, they're not breathing. I don't think it's safe here By somebody who they knew Perfectly Executed Tonight's 48 hours mystery. It was a plan, a well-rehearsed, well thought out plan.


What happened in this house on a hot summer night in 1994, brought tragedy and mystery to this quiet neighborhood in Bellevue, Washington. Just after two in the morning on July 13th, police were called to a crime that would take them 10 years to bring to justice. Had you ever seen anything like it? Never. James Jude ETT is a senior deputy prosecutor in King County. He and a team of detectives have been haunted by this crime and the killers who got away. They think that they are smarter than other people in the world. And I know that sounds just kind of a broad statement, but I I really believe they believe that The search for the truth would lead police to another country through a web of intriguing clues.


Could this screenplay that described a murder unlock the mystery and in the end, would a sophisticated undercover operation set in a make-believe world of crime, catch the real killers? The story begins with a call for help. Emergency whatcha reporting. My friend, his mom and dad, we think they're dead. Sebastian Burns and his friend Atif Rafay had stumbled on a horrific scene a's parents had been murdered. There is nothing that I can imagine about my parents that could have justified anyone to do what was done to them.


Sultana Rafay, TIFs mother was the first to be killed. Sebastian, what did you see when you walked through that door? You saw chief's mom lying on the floor. Tariq Rafa was the next to be murdered. We could see there was blood around him And it, it Was clear that he had been attacked. Why do you think that They're dead? There's blood. They're not breathing. There's blood all over his face. It was basically an overkill. Detective Bob Thompson has been on the case since the night it began. It Just looked like someone had hit him 40 or 50 times.


Please Fast. Okay. Yes, they're on the way. Okay. They're on the way. We'll be outside. Okay, go ahead. As the boys waited for help to arrive a third victim, aifs, autistic older sister Bosma was clinging to life, moaning in her bedroom. The third victim was autistic. It would make sense that she's murdered last because everybody knows that she can't make a nine one one call Bosma died a few hours later at the hospital taking with her the secret of who killed the Rafa family. The had just moved to Bellevue from Vancouver, Canada. Sultana had a doctorate in nutrition, but devoted her life to raising her gifted son and disabled daughter.


I think she was certainly an extraordinary person. Do You miss your mom? I do. What Do you miss most about her? Well, the, the mere presence is enough, but she knew me in a way that I suspect that no one ever will. She was always able to look right through the adolescent sort of composites that I might've had and remind me that I was just a silly kid at times. Tariq Rafa was a structural engineer who had worked on buildings around the world. In a sense. We were all like kids around him or, or like my mom was too, and we were all, I guess sort of in his orbit.


He was a brilliant person, probably a far better mathematician than I will ever be. No one could understand who would take the lives of this quiet family and spare their only son. Detectives began to look more closely at the crime scene. What's The problem there? There's been some kind of break in. Sebastian had used the words break-in to report what had happened. Is It locked? It's not locked. It's unlocked. Just looking at that room, he started realizing this. This looks like someone set it up. Boxes were tipped over, drawers were opened, but nothing appeared to have gone through That night.


When police asked what was missing, Atif said two things. His disc man and a VCR. Someone came in, murdered three people and took his Walkman and a VCR. I mean, it makes no sense. Detectives probe deeper. Who were these teenage boys who reported the crime? The 19 92 93 school year. Sebastian Burns and ATT for Fay had been best friends since high school. What'd you like about high school? I liked being a kid. I liked having free time and I liked hanging around with other kids, and I just liked being young.


The boys shared a sarcastic sense of humor and an interest in reading and debate. What would you guys talk about? What were you interested in? You know, it was things like Shakespeare and philosophy and, and things like that. They had a lot in common. They became very good friends because they were both precocious. They were both intelligent. Sarah Isaacs is Sebastian's high school sweetheart. He went to parties. He was athletic, and he became friends with Atif and sort of showed AIF how to dress. He'd introduced AIF to girls. He sort of helped theif be a, a stud like he was.


That's going back a bit. Sebastian was raised in a loving family with English roots. There was a lot of respect in our household. I mean, you didn't talk back to my parents. You didn't swear in the house. Sebastian's sister Tiffany, we Both grew up playing classical cello, so we had music lessons and we had to practice every day after school. Alright. In 2005, Tiffany was a TV reporter at the CBS station in Cleveland. She can't say enough about her little brother. He's very smart. I mean, he's definitely what you would call an intellectual and he's so well read. He's got so many fascinating things to say.


Sebastian became a member of the Royal Canadian Air Cadets and was given an award by Prince Edward. A Teef made it to the Ivy League attending Cornell University. It was the summer of their freshman year in college when their lives took that unexpected turn. It sort of is like a jigsaw puzzle where, you know, you just take that piece and you put it here and you start, you start fitting it together and pretty soon you get a picture. Police took Sebastian and Atif to the station and examined them for traces of blood. They found nothing. When asked where they had been that evening, the boys provide a full account. At eight 30, they drove to a restaurant for a bite to eat. Then they went to a nine 50 showing of the Lion King.


Why do you remember them? They were acting annoying, obnoxious. Everywhere they went, the people who came into contact with them remembered them. After the movie, they stopped at another restaurant and left the waitress a $6 tip on a $9 tab. They don't usually do that, especially young guys. Young guys don't tip very well, But something else, troubled police. How could the boys remember so much detail about where they'd been that evening and yet not recall key moments at the murder scene? The police decided to interview Sebastian and Atif again, and detectives recorded the conversation.


I found my mom. Can't remember. What did you do? I I may have gone after her. I, I can't remember. I don't know what I did. I can't remember. Did you go walk over to your dad? I don't think so. No. Did you touch your dad? I don't think so. Well, you'd know though, weren't you? Yeah. I I don't, I I, I, I don't know if I know, I don't, I don't think I touched him. Cops became even more suspicious when Sebastian and Atif were spotted at a local video store renting movies the night after the murders. The Behavior wasn't what you would expect victims or witnesses to be.


So the police kept pressing the boys. They wanted to know what happened in that house. See, I don't understand this. Atif. Your your sister is moaning. She's hurt. Yes. And you don go help her Detectives wanted to know why Atif didn't help his dying sister, even though he hurt her through her bedroom door. How hurt is she? I didn't know. Okay. You don't know how hurt she is? I know how hurt she is. All I know is that I can't, I I I can't do anything. Sebastian, Atif were witnesses by the time they left at the end of these statements, were they suspects?


Yes, Definitely sus By the time they left, they were suspects. You know what, I, I think you know who it is. It's ridiculous. No, no, it's not. I would tell you, I would tell you if I knew who it did it And investigators thought they not only knew who, they also knew why Three to $400,000 is about to slip through his fingers as she lives. Are you saying Atif didn't go to the aid of his sister because he didn't wanna save his sister? Atif didn't go to the aid of his sister because unless she died, the whole plan came crumbling down on them. Three days after the murders, relatives gathered in Bellevue to bury the s in a traditional Muslim ceremony, but the only surviving member of the immediate family was nowhere to be found.


They were wondering, where's the teeth? Where's the, where's the sun? On the day of the funeral, the s only sun was on a bus headed across the border to Canada and with him was his best friend. Sebastian Burns.


The first season of Georgie and Mandy is a bonafide hit. Be cool. Okay. We don't say it out loud. Hmm. Okay. Can we just say it's great? Thank you for saying that out loud with lots and lots of laughs. So everybody knows I only told Mandy, well, I only told mom and dad. That's everybody. So quick summary. Laugh at Georgie and Mandy's first marriage with all episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus and returning new CBS fall. Yes. Yes. Also, yes. Now streaming.


Everyone who comes into this clinic is a mystery. We don't know what we're looking for. Their bodies are the scene of the crime. Their symptoms and history are clues You saved to life. We're doctors and we're detectives. I kind of love it if I'm being honest. Solve the puzzle. Save the patient. Watson. All episodes now streaming on Paramount plus.


Sebastian and Atif were now in Vancouver, Canada, out of reach of the Bellevue Police and an investigation that targeted them for the murders of the Raffa family. Did the boys go to Vancouver or did they flee to Vancouver? From our perspective, they, they fled back to Vancouver. They didn't flee. He went home. Their sudden bus trip across the border only raised more suspicion, even though both boys were Canadian citizens. Well, how do you flee a country getting on a Greyhound bus? In fact, a representative from the Canadian consulate informed the Bellevue Police of their trip in advance.


She contacted the Bellevue Police Department to say, these guys are leaving. They're going home if that's okay with you. She was told quote, sure. She then tells the boys it's okay to go and they leave. That is not fleeing. It is not fleeing. I think it's To ask permission. AIF and Sebastian both had my numbers. They knew I was even in the process of getting 'em a pager so we could keep in contact and they're gone. They don't tell me where they're at. They know I'm investigating the murders of their parents, and they're gone. Detective Thompson was a veteran cop. This is the other, His gut told him that the boys were guilty, but he just didn't have the evidence to prove it.


Investigators kept combing the house. Is it locked? It's not locked. They found no forced entry. There was, however, an eerie clue, a forensic tool Luminol showed blood on the shower walls. The killer had used the shower before leaving. The person was so comfortable and calm and collected that he or she might then decide perhaps they'll have a shower before they go. It is inconceivable. Could that be the reason why the boys who had discovered the bodies at that bloody crime scene didn't have a trace of blood on their hair, their hands, or anywhere on their bodies?


Are you a killer, Sebastian? No. Absolutely not. Did you hold that bat in your hands and kill those three people? No, I didn't. You're not lying to me. No. Would you have ever done anything Atif to hurt your parents? No. The single most distressing thing about this entire experience is the fact that I would even have to speak out and say, yeah, no, I I did not do that. Okay. Right Here, even without physical evidence, detectives were determined. They began to build a case against the boys based on their odd behavior following the murders.


They cooperated, they did everything that was asked of them. However, when they did things, they, they had this heir or this attitude about doing it male On. They honed in on their demeanor at the crime scene and questioned why they sat in front of the house. If they believed an intruder might still be there. He's out on the curb, you know, 20 yards away from the, the front door where this supposed killer might be in the house, and he's waiting for the police on the curb while the T seven a cigarette. I'm not sure that anything that we did made any sense. I, I was not thinking in a normal way. Police also couldn't make sense of why Atif would notice that his Discman and VCR were missing.


He's walking around the house claiming to discover the fact that the VCR is missing, and ultimately, while his mother and father and sister lay in a state of carnage, let's not mi mince words. Here it is carnage. He claims to have discovered that the Walkman was missing from his bedroom, And they've decided that my son and his friend are the guilty parties. They've decided that I believe him to be totally innocent, as is a thief, and they have been damned Sebastian's family and friends rallied around him and a thief.


I remember sitting on those steps with Sebastian. I remember sitting on that field. Sebastian's former girlfriend, Sarah Isaacs says she knows his character better than anyone. Have you ever thought to yourself maybe there was something I missed about Sebastian that I just didn't see? Yeah, There's nothing that anyone could tell me. There's never a moment when someone could tell me something that made me think, honestly, maybe he did it. I never had to face that moment ever. I know Sebastian, he was and is my very, very good friend. Did the cops investigating this just need to get home to dinner?


I mean, why didn't they follow up the leads that came their way And there were other compelling leads. Within days of the crime, police received a tip from a reliable informant that someone had offered $20,000 to kill an East Indian family that had recently moved from Vancouver to Bellevue. There's no physical evidence that links AIF and Sebastian to the crime, their alibis checkout. And now you get this lead from an informant in Canada that somebody had been bragging about a hit on an East Indian family in Bellevue, Washington tells me that's the direction now you should be focusing your investigation since there's no evidence against these boys.


Well, there is evidence against those boys. There was a lot of evidence against those boys, and it was all circumstantial. It wasn't evidence to convict them. Certainly. Is it fair to say that you didn't properly check out this lead in Vancouver? You know, there are, it, it may be fair to say that that lead was not fully checked out. You get all kinds of tips that come in and you have to weigh them, but the leads didn't go that direction. The leads went directly to Canada and the leads followed. We followed those leads to Sebastian and Atif. Atif, Why won't you talk to police? But on the advice of a lawyer, the boys decided to stop cooperating with Bellevue authorities.


The minute we went to Canada, burns and Raffa wouldn't talk to us at all. They were telling other people not to talk to us. So Thompson kept digging and found what he thought was a disturbing clue from their past. We started looking through their high school yearbook and Sebastian Burns was in a high school play called The Rope, about two kids who commit the perfect murder. These are words that Sebastian's character set on stage. Do you mind reading it? An immaculate murder I have killed. I have killed For the sake of danger and for the sake of killing Arianna McGregor performed in the West Vancouver High School production of Rope Along with Sebastian.


The character in the play is somebody who's arrogant and believes he's better than everybody else, and Sebastian had a quality of being superior. He knew he was intelligent, knew he was good looking. What was rope about? The gimmick of the play is that there's somebody is murdered at the start of the play and the villains put him into a box and then they invite guests over. Everybody's at this party wondering when the last guest is gonna show up, and nobody knows that actually he's in the box at the front of the play. And so there's lots of suspenseful giggles all the way through because everybody in the audience knows that there's this person, this, this thing in the box, these black, white, ethical Paul, your character on stage says, we've always said, you and I, that moral concepts of right and wrong don't hold for the intellectually superior.


The only crime we can commit is a mistake. There's some people who believe those are words that the real Sebastian Burns might say. That's ridiculous. There was no time ever during any performance or any rehearsal that anybody was ever thinking anything serious about any of the supposed intellectual philosophies in this play or, or anything like that. But detectives believed the fictional murder story did inspire the real life crime even more chilling. The weapon was the same a baseball bat.


Well, that's just a huge coincidence. I think Sebastian was actually modified when, when he realized that he was a suspect in the baseball bat killings of the, because he said, CRI, what's gonna happen when they find out about the play? How does the play end? Their superior figures them out. Someone who is actually more intelligent than they are figures it out and they get caught. As the investigation continued in Bellevue, the boys were living well in Vancouver with some of the money Atif inherited from his parents' estate.


They bought a convertible and rented an apartment together with another high school pal. I ain't gonna stay here forever. Jimmy Mii behind Drawn Curtains. They hid from the media who were constantly in pursuit of them and their story. Hello, there's Atif there. 9, 8, 7. But while they Weren't talking to the police, the police were listening to them. Hello? Oh yes. Every word they spoke at home or in their car was being recorded. How are you doing?


Okay. I guess The boys had no idea they were now the targets of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, the RCMP. The RCMP applied for and ultimately obtained authorization to do wiretaps. On April 10th, 1995, RCMP investigators intercepted this phone message. This is Crimper hair salon calling for Sebastian to confirm his appointment with Gregory. Tomorrow, Tuesday, April 11th. Sebastian could never have imagined that he was about to fall into a trap set by one of the most sophisticated undercover operators in the world.


There was no doubt in my mind that yes, Sebastian Burns was responsible for this and we were in fact gonna get a full confession from him. By April of 1995, Sebastian Burns and Atif Rafay Fe were Canada's most famous teenage murder suspects. I remember a time when we're at a bus stop and someone drove by and rolled down the window and yelled murderers. That was typical. They were pariahs, they were hated.


I was unable to go to college. I was unable to get a job, But the boys had a plan to make their fortune and live out a lifelong dream. They started work on their very own screenplay, about two best friends accused of murdering a family. The movie was going to be about Sebastian Barons and Atif Rafay and the injustice that was heaped upon them as a result of the suspicion about their involvement in this triple aggravated murder case in Bellevue. They called it the Great Despisers.


We were worried that it would sound a bit nerdy because having the word great in the title sounds, it makes it sound kind of nerdy. And if we'd call that for example, just the despisers, that would've been more unimpeachably cool. However, we, we decided to have the courage to stick with this nerdy title While the boys worked on what they say is their fictional story. About two friends falsely accused, they had no idea the real life plot line was about to take an astonishing term. This is Crimper hair salon calling for Sebastian to confirm his appointment with Greg. That simple message from a local hair salon was the moment the RCMP was waiting for.


I think they were very vulnerable to whatever the RCMP had in store for them. These were kids who'd lived pretty sheltered lives. When Sebastian was finished at K Crimper salon, a stranger was waiting, And when Mr. Burns comes out of the salon, the undercover operator just approaches him what they call the cold approach. He Seemed to me like some kind of an entrepreneur. He walks up to him and says, Hey buddy, can you gimme a hand? I seem to have locked my keys in the car. So he asked me for a ride to his hotel and I gave him a ride. The stranger took Sebastian to a bar and bought him a drink for his trouble.


I was impressed by that and was also sort of intrigued, I guess, or or excited about the way that he seemed so ready to be interested in me. Sebastian told his new friend that he and his buddies had written a screenplay, but he didn't have a job and needed financing. The friend said he knew someone who could help. Ultimately, the goal was to get Sebastian to meet with the next guy up the chain, and it worked perfectly. Sebastian thought he was about to meet a connected businessman, but it was this man, Sergeant Haslet of the RCMP.


We cannot show you his face. I don't think there's an undercover team like this anywhere in the world, and I say that very seriously. The best of the best, the best. The RCMP spent months preparing to manipulate their target. They had access to fancy cars, posh hotel suites, weapons, false international documents, beautiful women Posing as professional mobsters. The RCMP set up the first meeting with Sebastian at a strip club.


How important was this movie to Sebastian Burns? It was Just about his whole life. The crime boss told Sebastian he did have cash to invest in his screenplay, but Sebastian would have to earn it. Sebastian had no idea he was being offered work in a make believe world of crime. Jobs were also promised to a thief and their pal, Jimmy Mihi. These guys are sold, man, these guys never going to betray me, ever. All right, never ever Are these Sebastian's first assignment transport a stolen car for the crime boss.


He had nothing and then he was offered something. He was offered something that was criminal, something that he probably wouldn't have thought was a good idea had he had something else going on in his life. He was only paid $200 for the job and he wasn't happy. He was disgusted. He made it clear he wasn't happy. He told us he could make more money than not stealing his videos outta stores. It was essential to the undercover operation that Sebastian continue working for the organization. So the next staged crime is easier for more cash. What want you guys to do? Which is no big deal. It's pretty straightforward.


Sebastian and Jimmy Mihi go from one bank to another, laundering money. Cash is here just taking deposit into this account. When? When are you guys running the first time? Next time another got a different bank. This time for a day's work, they get paid $2,000. Wow, that's so cool. This would been a little thing I couldn't operate anymore. I couldn't help but be excited about having $2,000 put in my hand and I'd hardly had to do anything for it. Months go by. The undercover operators take Sebastian to posh hotels trying to build trust and draw him out.


Well, I'm sorry, filming or anything, but the script is couldn't believe. Did you sense that Sebastian felt he was smarter than you? Oh, There's no doubt. He made it clear and told us that on more than one occasion. Tell smart dealer. Tell me smart dealer. I one of the most intense people in the world. Slowly the undercover operators bring up the investigation in Bellevue. Haslet tries to get Sebastian to confess by telling him he already knows what happened. I know you did it. You know you did it. The far as I know that Sebastian doesn't admit guilt, but he confides in the mobsters that if the police did find something to tie him to the crime, he might want them to destroy it.


And he has a very practical theory as one of the best known murder suspects in Canada. He's confident that his movie would make millions if he is suddenly proven innocent. And the film with that kind of promotion, because the things as it is right now, it's like, ooh, controversy, right, which in itself promotes right, but this is like, oh, you're heroes. And something goes up to 25, 30 million Taking their cue again from their target. The businessmen raise the stakes. They tell Sebastian that the Bellevue police have physical evidence tying him to the crime. Well, I'll tell you, they're coming to luck here as yours, your friends, To make it seem real.


Haslet shows him this phony memo on Bellevue Police letterhead detailing the evidence, linking Sebastian to the murders. Just read this piece of shit that was Turned over. The mobsters offer to destroy the so-called evidence, but they need Sebastian to tell them exactly what happened in the EE house the night of the murders. Well, I wanted your help. Hey, you need my help, so tell me what went on down there and I'm gonna tell you how I'm gonna take care of your problem. Finally, on July 18th, 1995, one year after the murders, Sebastian meets the crime boss Sergeant Haslet at the Ocean Point Resort and the cameras are rolling.


He walks into this hotel room and takes off his shoes. He stretches out on a loveseat. It's only then that Mr. Burns lets his guard down in the dirty little secret that he's been protecting for the last 12 or 13 months. Starts to unravel on video for the whole wide world to see. It has taken three months of undercover work to get to this moment. The House is well, both guys look up and say, Hey, let's go off your family and get all their money. Basically. Essentially. Yeah, I mean, And he told me the details how him and Atif Rafay did commit to murders in Bellevue.


How did you knew three people at once hear That extremely, extremely cold individual. It's phenomenal To you, man. The next day, Sebastian brings a thief to the crime boss to tell his story. Feel when your parents thought your sister pretty rotten. But it tempered by the fact that I felt that they nothing why it was necessary to, I guess, achieve what I wanted to achieve, and That's all the police needed to hear.


Those were solid, strong confessions that only the individuals that were responsible for that murder would be able to sit down and tell it like it was. Cheers. Sebastian Atif and Jimmy Mihi are all arrested. Do you Have anything to Say? But this case is just beginning. Sebastian says he's lying. That undercover officers intimidated him into making a false confession. False. I believe that if I'd crossed them that they would have me killed Sebastian Burns and AIF Fe best friends who once dreamed of making it big in movies were now behind bars.


But no sooner were Sebastian and Atif arrested than the same Canadian government that set a trap to catch them, let an international battle to spare their lives. We should not be sending anybody back. The case went all the way up to Canada's supreme court Persons who leave the country and commit offenses outside of the country should expect that they will be punished under the laws of the jurisdiction in which they committed the crime. Sending the boys back across the border to Washington meant they would face the death penalty if convicted a punishment Canada had long since abolished and considered inhumane.


We never knew when we were going to be leaving for the United States, And every time we heard, oh, there may be a trial, you know, next year, then it became the next year, And that lasted for about four years, where we thought that we were a week away from extradition. After six years of legal wrangling, the King County prosecutor in Seattle agreed to Canada's demands not to seek the death penalty. Sebastian and Atif, now, 25-year-old men were finally extradited to face murder charges. Mr. Rafa, your charged Mr. Burns, you're charged in the cause numbers that I just read with three counts of aggravated murder In the first degree.


If convicted, the penalty would now be life with no parole. That goes with the motion to dismiss. Obviously, They were appointed. A team of attorneys representing Sebastian was Theresa Olson, an ardent if eccentric public defender who believed in the boys' innocence. Of course, they didn't do the killings. The the, the evidence is clear that they didn't do the killings. Olson worked tirelessly on the case running down leads and witnesses. But in the summer of 2002, the case took a bizarre turn. Guards at the King County jail reported seeing Olson having sex with Sebastian during an attorney-client meeting.


Shut up. The well-publicized scandal even caught the attention of late night comic Jay Leno. A female Lawyer in Seattle is in trouble for having sex in jail with her client who is a murderer. How creepy is that? Not sex with a lawyer And brought the trial to a grinding halt. Court had no choice but to point. New counsel. Sebastian's new attorneys were a dream team. Ivy League trained Jeff Robinson and Song Richardson. There is a lot at stake for Sebastian Burns and we will be fighting till the end.


180 sevens are retired artists. They were among Seattle's best and most expensive criminal defense lawyer. Exactly. Along with Amanda Lee. They staunchly believed in the boy's innocence and agreed to take the high profile case at a public defender's wage. They have been essentially judged and treated as though they were guilty from the beginning when the evidence just isn't there. What kind of pressure is on all of your shoulders as we approach this trial? Nothing more or less than the rest of Sebastian Burn's natural life. They were up against two of the most seasoned and respected prosecutors in Seattle.


I wanna talk about We're gonna get Good. Sit up Roger David Heiser would be joining James Connet on the case. It's not just justice, it's the truth. What we're after here is the truth, and I would submit to you that's what separates our side from theirs. By September, 2003, Sebastian and Atif had been in jail for more than eight years, charged but never convicted for the Raffe family murders. You have to recognize that these are human beings and they have had their lives stolen from them.


And to make it worse, they've had their lives stolen from them to somehow resolve a murder that they didn't commit. The case would turn on those controversial confessions, make believe mobsters extracting confessions from teenagers. Is that allowed in the state of Washington? It's not allowed in the state of Washington, and I don't think it's allowed anywhere else in the United States under the circumstances that it was done in this case. Are you comfortable using the results from an illegal undercover investigation by US laws?


In your case, This investigation was not illegal because it was conducted in Canada by Canadian authorities targeting Canadian citizens. It was an investigation that they undertook separate and apart from the Bellevue investigation. This case, it's not only about the lives of my two friends, it's about the responsibility of police and prosecutors to do their job properly and to act in good faith. And they have not done that. In this case, It would be up to superior court Judge Charles Martel.


Well, please be seated. Everyone to decide if Sebastian and Atif chilling confessions caught on tape would be allowed to damn them in an American court. Other prosecutors, in other cases with evidence just like that, have told jurors just like the ones that will sit in our case, that it's a slam dunk. And those jurors very comfortably have convicted people and sentenced them to die and they've been wrong. Judge Mortell was about to make the most controversial ruling of his career. The boys' lives would depend on what he was about to say.


I think that everyone who knew Sebastian thought that he was going on to do something interesting with his life. Yeah, people expected him to be a leader to do something interesting, and I hope one day he will. Sebastian Burns and Atif Rafay Fe should have been celebrated at the West Vancouver High School 10 year reunion. Instead, they had become the class of 90 three's. Most infamous graduates, Prosecutors Say just one year out of high school, these brilliant best friends tried to commit the perfect murder.


It was a brutal crime. There's blood over his face that shocked the upscale suburb of Bellevue, Washington. A thief's mother, father, and sister bludgeoned to death. The motive insurance money. The boys got away and were living in Canada until undercover police officers caught them on tape boasting about how they did it. How did you knew three people at once. Now on the eve of their murder trial, a judge would decide if a jury would get to hear those chilling confessions.


I do not find the undercover officer's conduct, in this case, shocking or outrageous. Although they were deceitful, persistent, and aggressive. They engaged in tricks but not dirty tricks. It was a controversial ruling, allowing the boys' own words to be used against them. Would You do first the And what set the tone for the whole trial? Just how powerful is the impact of this video of these two boys confessing to murders? It's incredibly powerful. When I first saw it, I was taken aback. I was shocked.


There are two young men seemingly laughing about slaughtering three people and saying, I did it. And while the confessions may be shocking, the defense says they're not true. This case is about what happens when a presumption of guilt, when a gut feeling that you have the right suspects takes over from logical and objective evaluation of the evidence. This case is about what happens when you pursue individuals as opposed to pursuing the truth. Finally, in November, 2003, more than nine years after the Raffe family murders, Sebastian and Atif get their day in court.


The jury's gonna finally hear the story of what really happened to the birthday family, and they'll hear their story of Sebastian and Aifs innocence. But prosecutors had a very different story to tell. Sebastian Burns is young, thoughtful, charismatic, manipulative, and most importantly, a killer, a brutal killer. You've been portrayed as a monster. Yeah. Yes. Maniacal plotting a murderer. Are you those things? No. The state's theory is we wanna make the jurors hate these two young men.


Essentially, they make it a test of character as opposed to a test of evidence And character is at the heart of the prosecution's case. All rise. Superior Court is now in session. The defendants were two young men who believed they could commit the perfect murder. Roger David Heer opened for the state. Ladies and gentlemen, what you will hear in the end is that it was this very hubris that sealed their fate and their arrogant and unrealistic belief that they were smart enough to achieve mastery over the police and their investigation. He zeroed in on the piece of evidence that launched the case and for the first time revealed a startling flaw in the boy's plan.


There's a, I need an ambulance. They made that nine one one call too quickly. They're I, we think they're dead. My belief is that they just walked straight into the house and made the 9 1 1 call. The timing was critical. So we asked Detective Thompson to retrace their drive home from downtown Seattle where they were last seen that night. 18 minutes. What does that tell you? An 18 minutes would give them three minutes in the house And three minutes said the prosecutors was not enough time in the house to find the bodies and do all the things Sebastian and Atif told the police they did.


And think about what they had to do in that three minutes. Three minutes to arrive home, pull the family car into the garage, enter the home through the garage, discover and comprehend that Sultana, Tariq, and Bosma have been brutally attacked and laid dead in three different areas of that house. The revelation startled the defense, but Song Richardson was thinking on her feet. We'll Be asking you, how long does it take to walk into a house and see these two brutally butchered bodies of Aifs family and then run downstairs and call 9 1 1 And turn the prosecution's argument on its head.


How long is three minutes? Well, let's see. That was about a minute and a half. But remember, it wasn't just the murders in that three minutes, the boys also had to figure out there'd been a burglary and that a VCR and Discman were missing. There's been some kind of break in. I hear the voice of a person who has contrived a story that can only be explained by somebody who knew very well what had happened in the Rafa family home.


I was out of my mind at the time. I was totally in shock, totally staggered and and confounded and, and was almost totally hysterical. In a case where every minute matters, the defense bolsters their claim of the boys' innocence by playing up statements. The neighbors on both sides of the Raffa house gave to police In the days following the murders. The neighbors initially said that they heard pounding coming from inside the house at a time when the boys have an airtight alibi. You were standing in this driveway and that's Mark Sde lived right next door to the How loud were the bangs you were hearing?


They're pretty hard hits. A little bit harder than you'd hang a a picture. Sydell says, back then he didn't think a murder was taking place next door and figured the s who had just moved in were probably unpacking. I sort of thought about going over and helping him so they could go to sleep, but luckily that night I didn't The's other next door neighbor, Julie Rackley testified that she also heard sounds. Initially, I thought it just sounded like hammering. It had sort of an odd resonance to it. The neighbors who heard these sounds described them in great detail and verified what they were for.


The police all heard them well before 10 o'clock at night. And at 10 o'clock, Sebastian and Atif were still seen at the movie theater. If the jury believes these initial reports that Mark Seidel and Judy Rackley gave to police, your case could be in trouble. Absolutely. You can't be in two places at one time. There's no debating that point. There are two independent neighbors who separately heard the murder happen at the end of Twilight before 10 o'clock, and we were known to be on the other side of town. When that happened, it was impossible for us to have committed this crime.


Prosecutors contend it is possible, even though the boys were seen going to the nine 50 movie, there's no proof that they stayed. Is there a way for these two boys to exit the theater without drawing attention to themselves? Say, during the movie, Jose Martinez sold the boys movie tickets that night and he showed us how they could sneak out from this theater, Got this exit behind the curtain or the other one over there. If they slipped through this curtain, you're not letting any light into the theater. Correct. And up these stairs And out this exit door, Two doors outside. The defense protested that even though it could have happened that way, there was no proof that it did and that prosecutors were grasping at straws to get a conviction.


They sifted through Sebastian's history and his life and Atif history and his life, and tried to find anything that would make them look like bad people. In fact, months into the trial, prosecutors brought this intriguing surprise witness from the boys' past who said she had evidence that could turn the case, but first they would have to convince the judge to let the jury hear what she had to say. Do you swear or affirm Nasals shift Day was a friend from the boys high school days who had dated Sebastian? What was this comment that Sebastian Burns made that that stood out at you?


He said, I want to try to kill someone one day to see how, how it would feel, because I think I would find it enjoyable. She claimed a late night conversation she'd had years ago with the boys in her bedroom, had planted the seeds for murder. Did you think he was serious? He wasn't laughing and he said it in a serious tone. Sebastian doesn't deny having the conversation, but emphatically says he wasn't serious. It's One line paraphrase of a sarcasm from a hippie dippy 3:00 AM conversation 10 years ago, and I can't remember enough about it to defend myself against it.


If anyone would reflect on that and think, imagine if the worst parts of my personality, maybe the worst moments when I was 18 years old, that I would be reminded of them for the next nine years of my life and that's that in the public side would be the person that I'd become. I think people would really shudder It's a nightmare. Thank you for your time and your testimony, and It was certainly damning testimony, but the jury would never hear it. There is no question. Had I known about this last spring, I would've admitted this four months into this thing. I can't stop this process and let everyone dash to the four winds to try and research this.


The judge's decision flustered prosecutors, but there's another witness more powerful and much more damning. You swear or affirm that the testimony you're About to be the friend, the boys swore would never betray them. Do you recognize Mr. Burns and Mr. Rafa are in the courtroom here today? Yes, I do. It had been years since Jimmy Mii had seen his high school buddies, Sebastian and aif. Jimmy had moved to Japan and was living under another name when prosecutors forced him to return to Seattle and face his friends at their murder trial.


He was in no uncertain terms conflicted. In fact, he spent the last two or three years of his life trying to avoid the eventuality of being compelled to come to court and testify about his against his two best friends. Jimmy could have easily been sitting next to his best friends, charged with a crime back in 1995 during the undercover operation. Jimmy was also a target of the RCMP. The RCMP believed Mii helped the boys plan the murder of the Raffe family, and they wanted him to give a full confession on tape just like his friends had done, you Know, went on down there in that house.


What went on? Yeah, But no matter how much he was pressed for details, MII refused to implicate his friends in the murder. Okay. Do you know who killed the parents? Yeah. Who? Is that what you want? Yeah. And I just want, I just want you to explain to me exactly the purposes of you wanting to know. Is that so we can establish this kind of Totally for trust. Totally for trust, totally. In some ways was Jimmy Mihi the smartest of them all? He's not in jail. In fact, Jimmy was arrested with Sebastian and Atif and interrogated by authorities in Canada.


He was told that he might face the death penalty himself. He was told that his family, his job, his future would be ruined unless he said that Sebastian Andif confessed to him. Back then, Jimmy told the police that his friends were innocent At the time of your arrest on July 31st, 1995. Were they honest answers? They were answers that, I guess the intention of a lot of those answers was to, to protect Sebastian and Atif At that point on July 31st, 1995. Why is it that you gave answers that were to designed to protect Sebastian and Atif And I guess it was also in a way to protect myself, but in general because I didn't want Sebastian and Tiv to get whatever arrested and potentially convicted, But under increasing pressure, MII eventually agreed to cooperate and in exchange he was granted immunity from charges of conspiracy to commit murder.


Suddenly he began to reveal more to the police about what he knew. But now the question loomed, would mihi betray his best friends? Had this subject ever come up before the notion of of Atif Rafay killing his family? No, this was, this was the first time In a halting voice that often dropped to a whisper. Jimmy told the court that it was during a drive from Seattle to Vancouver when Atif first brought up the idea of killing his family, What was your response to the notion of TIFs notion of killing his family?


I guess I was listening and I, I mean, he was my friend at the time, and I guess in a way I was neutral on that notion. On the stand, Jimmy recounted a discussion about how the boys would commit the crime. You remember which methods were discussed. I remember something about gassing the house and I remember discussion about, I guess using a baseball bat. What do you remember about why, why a baseball bat could or should be used?


I guess a quick and that painless way of killing someone. I don't think there's any question that he was a sounding board for them. The prosecution says Jimmy consulted on an especially chilling part of the plan. Sebastian and Atif stayed here at the Raffe family home during the five days before the murders, and it was no coincidence. It was part of the plan. Prosecutors say to commit the perfect crime If they had been living in the house previously, that any kind of hair or whatever samples that were collected after wouldn't necessarily mean that they had done it By virtue of their being in the house for several days.


Any fingerprint that would be found or could be found, could be explained as a result of their being. Their having been there for several days. Any hair evidence that might be found could be explained for them. Having been in the house for several days prior to the murders, it's diabolical, but It's pretty clever. Damn clever. Finally, Jimmy gave the prosecution what they needed involved in this case. He said that Atif watched while Sebastian bludgeon the family, And I remember hearing about how, I guess Atif was pretty distraught and that from the moment that Sebastian had struck his mother, that it was kind of a, there's no going back.


And How hard was it to sit and listen to Jimmy Miosh? She's testimony It was enormously difficult. I think it was difficult for him as well. As I say, I, I am outraged that he did it, but at the same time, I, I think I, I reserved my real outrage for the people who forced him to do it. Did you discuss a plan to murder the Raffe family with Jimmy Mihi? No, we didn't. Never. Why did Jimmy Mihi testify that you did? Because he had a life sentence held to his head, and if he didn't say what the police and the prosecution wanted him to say that life was gonna go off.


It's the first time in eight years that you have ever said anything like that, isn't it, sir? I'm not sure. And isn't What happened. The defense tried to hammer back. That piece of Jimmy once lied to save his friends. Hey, so he could be easily lying now to save himself. You're making it up as you go along, sir. That's why you're saying things for the first time Yesterday. No, I don't believe I am. Do you believe that Jimmy Mihi is a liar? Jimmy Mihi is a self-admitted liar. Jimmy Mihi acknowledges that he has lied. The question will be how many lies does Jimmy Mihi get to tell Mr.


Mihi? This conversation was on Eptember. The defense needed to come back with something strong and they had an arsenal of forensic evidence that flew in the face of Mi Yoshi's testimony. They told the jury that there were three killers in the house that night. Experts analyzed the patterns of blood on the wall and found drops everywhere except this area where there was no blood indicating another killer may have stood there during the attack. They also said a pillow was moved during the bludgeoning. So we have killer number one moving the pillow. We have killer number two bludgeoning Dr.


With the bat, and then we have killer number three who has to remain in the exact same place throughout the entire duration of the attack on Dr. And there was even more tangible evidence, a single hair on Tariq's bed According to the police officers there. This was an important hair because this hair, according to the Bellevue Police Department, would tell them who committed this crime? Did it match a thief? No Sebastian, no Sultana, no Bosma, no Tariq, no. We don't know whether that here originated from someone who sat in the same seat that Sebastian Burns sat in at the movie theater, or whether it was picked up by Dr.


Raffa at his workplace or how it got on that bed, Or if it was a hair from the killer Or if it was a hair from the killer. Prosecutors also added DNA evidence needs to fit a pattern and appear in more than one place at a crime scene That DNA profile appeared nowhere else in that house. There was absolutely no other pattern of trace evidence that could even be remotely suggested to be related to that hair. That was an isolated hair. So with the forensic evidence, inconclusive, the case comes down to whom the jury would believe.


You're saying the testimony of one of my best friends don't listen to that. My own words on the videotape, don't listen to that. Just take my word for it. We didn't do it. Defense calls Sebastian Burns All rise for the jury. More than 100 witnesses would take the stand in the state versus burns and refa. Could you kill again? Circumstances are rape. Finally, Canada's most secret undercover operation would be exposed before the jury, and so would the question that had lingered for so many years.


Why would you confess to a murder you didn't do? At that point? It seemed like the only safe choice. It seemed like the best choice. Why on earth would anyone confess to a murder they didn't do unless they were petrified that they were actually gonna be killed themselves or people they loved were gonna come to some type of harm? The defense set out to prove that the scales were tipped from the beginning. Professional liars. 1975. I was first trained in undercover work Against teenage boys.


Have You worked as the primary undercover operator before? Yes. I am frightened by the fact that this kind of undercover operation can be used ostensibly to search for the truth when it is built in whole on lies and manipulation and threats. Mr. Burns come on forward. Sebastian would have to convince the jury to believe him now and not to believe what he said on those tapes. I was in way over my head and I did not want to be involved with these guys. I was upset with myself for having agreed to drive the car.


Sebastian began his side of the story with the first assignment from the crime box transporting that stolen car. What was your reaction when you heard that they wanted you to drive this stolen car? Well, pretty quickly I felt that I'd been tricked. Sebastian. Why didn't you just look at him and say, I am out of here. Walk away. No, but there is no walking away. You Want us know what I did my time for? I told the guy when it came time for court, the person that could finger me, they're not around anymore. Sebastian says he couldn't walk away from criminals whose power seemed to be so far reaching.


I believe that if I'd crossed them or if they weren't happy with me or if they thought that I was gonna betray them, that they would have me killed. I just assume that you know you with your connections, that if I were to be around, okay, I would just assume that I would wake up one day with a bullet in my head On the stand song, Richardson Press, Sergeant Haslet about his scare tactics. Sebastian could easily, very easily have believed that you and your organization would hurt people if they crossed you. Right? He could have believed it. Yes. And that you would kill people if they ever crossed you, right? Well, I've never said that.


It goes to Sebastian Burn's imagination. Let him sit back when he goes home at night and imagine whatever he chooses to. Is there any time in which your character directly threatened Sebastian Burns? No. Never. I wanted him, The idea was not to frighten Sebastian, but to make him comfortable talking about murder to other murderers. I know he did that. That's you. You're told. Could Sebastian Burns have walked away from his relationship with you at any time? He chose to do so. Without a doubt he didn't have to return our calls. Hey, it's Sebastian leaving Message number three, Sebastian stayed.


The defense argued because he believed the Bellevue police were fabricating evidence against him. I'm gonna show you something. You never saw this from me. That phony memo detailing the evidence that the cops had against the boys Just read this piece of The undercover operators only offered to destroy the evidence. If Sebastian confessed You don't say to Sebastian, look, Sebastian, if you didn't do it, just say so. We'll still deal with that evidence for you. We'll deal with it so you won't get convicted. But if you didn't do it, just just say so. We'll still help you never said that, right?


No, I didn't say that because until this time Sebastian Burns had never denied the involvement in the murders to me. Going into the meeting on July 18th, what was your plan? My plan was to claim to be the murderer. That they insisted that they believed that I was And to be convincing, Sebastian says he studied newspaper accounts so he'd know details of the murders. What'd you do first the father, then dad and sister.


As the cameras rolled, Sebastian confirmed the police theory that the weapon was a baseball bat. Could use a middle or a wooden bat. No. And the eerie notion that the killer had showered before leaving. Thank the so to clean up blood making a step. And that wasn't the only reason why detectives found no blood on the boys. How do you Nah, it's on the baseball. Have to shower, have no blood on you do it naked. Sebastian pointed out how he and a chief would profit from the crime, Whatever money we get.


It's like we would invest it in our film, I guess. And he gave up the most sought after clue the loophole in the alibi. What you the dirty de. I'm gonna get you outta the trouble you're in. I flattered. Huh? I flattered by your attention. A teeth explained that while Sebastian killed his family, he staged a break-in What? You in the house Sitting around ran outta VCR.


You told Haslet, am I correct that you committed these murders of the Raffe, the Raffe family during the movie? Am I right? Correct. That the VCR was taken to also contribute to the simulation of a breaking and entering. That's right. You had the alibi of the movie. The prosecution had another bombshell ready to drop on the defense. It wasn't the first time Sebastian used a movie as an alibi. You got into a a a a car collision, didn't you? Yes. And you were driving your family car at the time? That's Correct, yes. I mean, you hit a pole in a parking lot. Did you own up to it at the time? No, I did not.


When he was 16, Sebastian staged an elaborate coverup to conceal the fact that he had wrecked the family car, Mr. Burns. The reality is what you said about doing was very similar to what you told Haslett you did in this case. Isn't that correct? I told Haslett that we committed a murder, which we didn't do. Well, Mr. Burns, lemme stop you there for a moment. Roger David Heiser drew a haunting parallel between the accident scene and the murder scene back in high school. Sebastian went to great lengths to make it seem like someone else did the damage while he was at the movie, but the insurance company caught him in the coverup.


And in March of 1992, albeit with this stupid little car crash, what you decided to do was to pick up the pieces of evidence that were at the scene of this collision. Am I right? Correct. You put those back in your car, am I correct? Correct. You took them to an entirely different location in North Vancouver, am I right? Correct. And you staged a scene in a parking lot, am I right? Basically, You manipulated the evidence to appear as though it was something that it wasn't. Am I right? Yes. And the reason you did that, sir, was so that you could say that this accident occurred while you were at the movies.


Am I right? Correct. Sir. You weren't at the movies when that accident occurred, were you? No. The difference is that the first one is a car accident and the second one is a homicide. That's correct, Mr. Burns. That is a difference. And the difference is also that in the first case, I was responsible for the car accident and in the second case I had nothing to do with this homicide. David Heiser wasn't about to let that statement go in front of the jury. He had more of that damning tape. Can't tell you something like I I, you know, I felt like you know I was capable and did they killed the person.


And on July 18th, 1995, after you told him that you had in fact killed the Raffe family, you told him that you did it because you felt capable of killing, right? Correct. Yes. Did you see it happen? Yeah. All three. No, only what, which one I'm, The demeanor with which they deliver this, this message of what they accomplished that that night in Bellevue is chilling. Didn't even fight. Yeah.


Well that's a story that hasn't really been told because I think you, I know that You can hear a thief giggling in the background and and kind of going, oh God. Oh God. Basically the father who was nothing and curious episode was the sister who basically, yeah, I was standing up and walking around and whatever. I took a little effort. Your behavior on that tape when there's some laughing, did you think that the murder of the Rafa family was some sort of a comedy? No, absolutely not.


But we were lying and I was not thinking about the murder of the Rafa family when I was talking To a certain extent. I had essentially put the real events out of my mind entirely so that I was really only thinking of the story that I was selling to Mr. Haslett. That's not part of a story that two scared individuals come up with because they think it's what two mafia characters want to hear. That's the truth. That's the truth Coming from the mind of a T for Faye and Sebastian Burns, it is a challenge to sum it all up in a couple of hours, Six months of testimony comes down to one final argument.


There is no gray area. There is nothing in between either. You must believe what Sebastian Burn says and every single thing he says, or you must convict him. James Connet will speak for the state. You like your odds Very much. Are you ready? Absolutely. Jeff Robinson knows this is his last chance in front of the jury and he will have to counter with everything he has. How many times does the evidence have to tell us it's not Sebastian and it's not a thief? Before we listen, please listen. He points to the bloody scene into req's, bedroom and evidence of three killers.


Three people went into Dr. AFEs room and there are three unknown DNA profiles. Robinson reminds them that there is no forensic evidence linking the boys to the crime. And the question that you're required to ask yourselves is what has the state shown me to make me believe that he is guilty without having one reason to doubt it. Mr. Coad floor Is yours, your Honor. Thank you. There can be no doubt in your mind that these two are the killers. The prosecution insists it is Sebastian's own words that leave no room for doubt.


How did you three people at once hear that? And ultimately the words that came outta Sebastian Burns his mouth led to his demise, his hubris led to his demise. What would be most compelling to the 12 jurors? Would it be the neighbors who thought they heard the murders that night when the boys were spotted at the movie theater? Or would they be haunted by Jimmy Mi Yoshi's words damning his two former best friends? Would the jury believe that Sebastian was scared of those undercover operators or is this the picture of a young man who thinks he's about to get away with murder for the last time, the jury is asked to envision the last moments in the Raffa family home.


This is the horror, but they left behind. Ladies and gentlemen, this is what we must not lose sight of. Finally, it is up to the jury to make its decision. Okay, ladies and gentlemen, you're retired to deliberate your verdicts In the script for the great despisers. Two boys are wrongfully convicted and executed after four days of deliberations, 10 years after the murders, the final act in the real life plot line, All rights for the jury. We the jury, find the defendant, Glenn Sebastian Burns guilty of the crime of murder in the first degree as charged in count one, verdict form one F with the jury, find the defendant thief Ahmed guilty of the crime of murder in the first degree as charged in count three.


I did not believe that. They didn't have reasonable doubt. I just didn't believe it. I'm afraid of him. I think he's very scary. I looked at him a few times and he was glaring at me personally. And anybody that committed a crime like that is a frightening person. I was looking at individual jurors just to see if they, I don't know. I guess I was looking for some kind of an answer. I wonder how they sleep at night. I wonder how they came to that decision. We're back over here one way or the other With the verdict that was given. Can you sleep well at night now?


Yes. No second thoughts? No. No way. Not with anyone. Not a doubt. Nope. I personally, myself, to the very day of the end of the trial wanted them to be innocent and in the end I was totally overcome by the evidence, obviously, but I think all of us were wishing that some suspect would be guilty so that we could not convict these two young men On October 22nd, 2004, five months after the verdict. Good Morning, Pete, Sebastian, and Atif were back in court. Anything to say before they put you away this time?


To hear their sentence from the judge Send Mr. Burns a very clear message that he has been found guilty. Send him to prison for the rest of his natural life. Times three, three consecutive life sentences. Mr. Burns. Thank you, your honor. Sebastian had his own message for the court. The All due respect to the jurors the verdict was wrong In the audience were jurors who had convicted him and the undercover operators who had sealed his fate. I certainly feel sorry for the victims. I feel sorry for their surviving son. This was his only expression of sympathy. Before I continue, I would just encourage you to consider In a speech that went on And that's What for almost two hours our Jury was made to have.


I want to insist today on the truth that we are innocent. A thief never took the stand during the trial And I loved my parents. I review their memory to this day, He used this moment to admit he was ashamed. Your honor, the impersonation that I gave on those videotapes, Yes, There's no relation, is alien to everything that I've ever felt or thought. I truly admired my father. I was probably closer to my mother than to any other person that I ever will be.


And the memory of her wit and her charm and her key in human sympathy, her dear to me to this day. Mr. Ee, thank you. Unlike your colleague, I find you genuinely remorseful Mr. Ee. I think the tragedy for you and ultimately your family was a meeting, a fateful meeting at a probably a school cafeteria or a school ground. I don't know where it occurred. With Mr. Burns. Judge Martell tragedy saved his harshest words for Sebastian Burns. Mr. Burns, you're not immoral. You are amoral.


You are an arrogant, convicted killer. You are not a kid. As you so often refer to yourself. You're an adult and you will be held responsible as an adult for your premeditated, naked, vicious massacre of this family. It is therefore the conclusion of this court that you should be sentenced on count one to life without possibility of parole. Count two to life without possibility of parole. And on count three to life without possibility of parole. Those three sentences to run consecutively.


It has taken nearly a decade, but prosecutors will send the's only son and his best friend to prison. Three Consecutive life terms, one for each life that was taken. Justice has been done for the three victims, and our community has held the two individuals responsible for this, accountable for their conduct. There is a great deal of satisfaction in being part of that, a great deal of satisfaction. Burns and raffe remain in separate prisons in Washington state and both maintain their innocence. In 2017, Raffe married a volunteer with Innocence International, which continues to advocate for both men.


The first season of Georgie and Mandy is a bonafide hit. Be cool. Okay. We don't say it out loud. Hmm. Okay. Can we just say it's great? Thank you for saying that out loud with lots and lots of laughs. So everybody knows I only told Mandy, well I only told mom and dad. That's everybody. So quick summary. Laugh at Georgie and Mandy's first marriage with all episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus and returning new CBS Fall. Yes, yes. Also, yes. Now streaming.


Everyone who comes into this clinic is a mystery. We don't know what we're looking for. Their bodies are the scene of the crime. Their symptoms and history are clues. You saved your life. We're doctors and we're detectives. I kind of love it if I'm being honest. Solve the puzzle. Save the patient. Watson. All episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus.