
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now, join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today


On your next great adventure, check into a boat hotels. So this time you can bring the whole family, make yourself at home, or go wild. Immerse your senses and seize the night. Even if that means staying in, find a boat. Hotels across the Canberra region and beyond.


When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out. But with HubSpot, they could achieve their best results without the stress. Tap into Breeze. HubSpot's collection of AI tools to pinpoint leads. Capture attention and access all your data in one place. Keep your marketers cool and your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more.


I very much dislike mysteries. I don't like not knowing answers to questions. I was never gonna quit until I knew what happened to Eric Miller. Yeah, Eric came home that night extremely ill. He keeps getting worse and worse As the night wears on, he realized that he had to go to the hospital. I mean, the first thing that crossed my mind, I mean, this guy's a scientist.


He was a pediatric AIDS researcher. He works in a laboratory but are in laboratories. A lot of dangerous things. Eric was very agitated. They had to put him in restraints. Watching my brother that way out of control, it was horrible. It was the worst night that I can remember of my life. Test results came back and they showed Eric had received very high doses of a very lethal toxin.


Was someone trying to kill Eric Miller? And I couldn't believe it. I, I thought, how could this happen? 24 7, Officer Ford is sit Rex Hospital to speak with Eric Miller. I went into his room. He Was, was laying in the bed. He had a hard time talking. He was in obvious, obvious signs of pain. And he told me he has no enemies. He has a happy family. His life seemed perfect and just could not think of anybody that would want to hurt him. It was a long, terrible death.


Eric Miller. We tore his life apart. We shined a light in every recess of his life, and we found nothing. But my instincts were crying out. This was not an accident. It was a very carefully planned homicide. My name is Chris Morgan. I don't like people getting away with things. 2100. This is my city, my home. And nobody is gonna be allowed to get away with murder in my town.


Minutes after Eric Miller's heart stopped, his parents, RIS and Doris arrived at the hospital. He was laying in his bed with a tube in his mouth. 'cause they had tried to resuscitate him. He was cold, and I wanted to take that tube out. I wanted him to covering up 'cause he was so cold. None of what happened that evening made any sense. Eric sick with flu-like symptoms for weeks seemed to be on the mend, recovering. They were gonna take care of Eric.


Eric was gonna be all right. Six months earlier, their 30-year-old son. A respected young scientist Say Eric Was the perfect specimen of health. He'd always been that way. Growing up in rural Indiana, Eric was the picture image of the all American boy. He was a bit mischievous. His older sisters, Pam and Leanne. He Would hide behind the couch when your boyfriends were over and, oh, I'm here. But Eric's interest matured. I think Eric truly blossomed when he went to college, and he got involved in biology and chemistry and research, and he found that that's what he wanted to do.


He also fell in love. Eric met Anne Breyer in a Purdue University science class. I had met some of the girls he had been dating prior to Anne. Then I could tell there was a difference. When he introduced me to Anne, He proposed for our Valentine's Day Anne's college roommate, Renee Henson. This was the happiest time of her life. She was marrying the man of her dreams. They bought a house in Raleigh, North Carolina. Eric got a prestigious position as a pediatric AIDS researcher, and Ann was a chemist at a large pharmaceutical company.


When their daughter, Claire was born, Eric was over the moon. He looks at me and he says, mom, you always told me how much you love me. But he said, I never knew how much you loved me until I had Claire, But Eric wouldn't live to see his daughter's first birthday. At the funeral, his beloved wife, Anne, was grief stricken. It was gut wrenching watching her. It's an image. Eric's friends, Fran and Dale Martin can't forget. She grabbed onto me and just, you know, cried that cry where your whole body is shaking. And she was just inconsolable.


She was saying, why? Why did Eric have to die? Why did he have to die? Why did he have to die? Doctors had no easy answer. Two weeks earlier, Anne had rushed Eric to the hospital after he came home from a night out bowling and was violently ill. Eric's symptoms looked a lot like a very bad flu. When he got better, they released him. But just weeks later, Eric was deathly ill again, to everyone's shock, blood tests revealed Eric had been poisoned with arsenic. How Do you get arsenic? Poison?


Hours later, Eric Miller was dead. The police immediately launched an investigation. We need to get samples of everything in the house to find out where the arsenic came from. Detective Deborah Regente was sent to search the Miller home. Every shampoo, conditioner, soap, any fluid, everything outta the refrigerator, a sample was taken. Police scoured, Eric's place of work for clues. One of my first thoughts was he's working in a lab Lieutenant Chris Morgan. Maybe something was dripping down.


Maybe, you know, he had a a roast beef sandwich that somehow got exposed to arsenic by mistake. But this was not a mistake. Medical examiner Tom Clark, The Levels in Eric Miller were high enough that accidental exposure is not a possibility. Not a possibility, not a possibility. Ruling out accidental exposure left Lieutenant Chris Morgan with just one possibility. Murder. He was looking for a suspect who had access to Eric, access to arsenic, and someone who knew that arsenic poisoning often mimics flu-like symptoms and can go and detect it. Someone, perhaps like a fellow scientist.


After we get done with pictures, we'll proceed There. He's in a very competitive field, and I mean, he was doing quite well. Was there some kind of professional jealousy that could have led to his death? There are more than a hundred labs in the Raleigh area. They call it the nation's research capitol. But at Eric's lab, police couldn't find a trace of arsenic or anyone with a motive. Police were hoping and could help them. Her father was holding her up, and so she appeared to be very weak. She would sob and she would break down. But after speaking with detectives, Anne called her friend and sounded scared, worried maybe that police considered her a suspect and her husband's death.


She goes, well, you know, I have arsenic in my lab. At that point then I said, innocent people need lawyers too. Anne Dale knew there had to have been arsenic in dozens of labs and was concerned Anne would be the victim in a rush to judgment. He wasn't the only one. I felt like there was no way that she could have done this to him. She loved him. In fact, Ann wasn't with Eric when he first started feeling sick that night at the bowling alley. It was a guy's night out biochemist, Darrell Willard ordered a picture of beer. Darrell passes out the beer cups. Eric had drank half of his beer.


He had commented that, Hey, this beer tastes kind of funky. Something wrong with it. An hour later, Eric was severely ill. My boss said, we need to go out and question this Darryl Willer guy. But before police even got to his door, they learned intriguing new information from Darrell's colleagues. Darrell Willard was deeply infatuated, if not in love with Ann Miller could, that they wondered, be a motive for murder.


You don't believe in ghosts? I get it. Lots of people don't. I didn't either until I came face to face with them. Ever since that moment, hauntings spirits and yet unexplained, have consumed my entire life. I'm Nadine Bailey. I've been a ghost tour guide for the past 20 years. I've taken people along with me into the shadows, uncovering the macabre tales that linger in the darkness and inside some of the most haunted houses, hospitals, prisons, and more. Join me every week on my podcast, haunted Canada, as we journey through terrifying and bone chilling stories of the unexplained search for haunted Canada. On Apple Podcast, Spotify, Amazon Music, or wherever you find your favorite podcasts


In the Pacific Ocean. Halfway between Peru and New Zealand lies a tiny volcanic island. It's a little known British territory called Pitcan, and it harbored a deep, dark scandal. There Wouldn't be a girl on Pitcan once they reached the age of 10. That would still a virgin. It just happens to all. I'm journalist Luke Jones, and for almost two years I've been investigating a shocking story that has left deep scars on generations of women and girls from Pitcan. When There's nobody watching, nobody going to report it, people will get away with what they can get away with. In the Pitcan trials, I'll be uncovering a story of abuse and the fight for justice that has brought a unique lonely Pacific Island to the brink of extinction. Listen to the Pitcan trials exclusively on Wondering. Plus, join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify.


Lieutenant Morgan wanted to talk to everyone. Eric Miller came into contact with the first night he became sick at the bowling alley, especially the man who poured Eric's beer. Darryl Willard, He's been ducking us. He's been not returning calls. You know, he hadn't given us an interview at all. 37-year-old biochemist, Darrell Willard worked at the same company as Eric Miller's wife, Ann. But beyond that, those who know him best say he's an unlikely murder suspect. I mean, he was very good at his job, very respected.


Darrell and his wife, Yvette, are devoted to their daughter Kelsey. Kelsey, She's drooling. He was a great, great dad. He was so good with Kelsey. She absolutely adored him. Sounds like you had a happy life. We did. But shortly after Eric's death in 2000, police began digging into Darrell Willard's background and found evidence suggesting another scenario. And then we've got complete phone call records, Phone records between Darrell and Eric's wife. Days before Eric's murder. Hint at what may have been an inappropriate relationship.


There was a ton of communication between the two of them. How often? Multiple calls on a daily basis. When you look at the phone records and you're finding phone calls where Ann has called Darrell at four 30 in the morning, you gotta ask yourself, who calls a casual acquaintance? A coworker at four 30 in the morning? Then there is a trip to Chicago also, just days before the bowling alley incident that the two take together. Anne says it's a company business trip, but when police investigate, there was no company trip.


They check into the Ritz Carlton and spend a weekend up there, order in a whole lot of room service. Police also retrieved emails from Anne's computer. I never want to stop making you feel Anne wrote to Darrell. I want to show you new things. I want to touch places in you that you knew not existed. Just hours after Anne sent that email. Darrell poured Eric a beer at the bowling alley. Did he attempt to kill Eric Miller that night at the bowling alley? No doubt in my mind he did. But Morgan suspected something more complicated was going on.


When Eric came home after bowling, Anne rushed into the emergency room where doctors ran a battery of tests. Eric's sister was there when he began to hallucinate. He was thrashing and he started to cry. Cry. And he's like, why? Why are they doing this to me? I remember laying on top of him physically 'cause he was thrashing so much, and I was so afraid he was gonna hurt himself. And I laid on top of him and I just got in his face and I said, Eric, you need to calm down. It's going to be okay.


After that horrible night, Eric did begin to slowly improve, and days later was discharged. While recuperating at home, his parents stayed by his side. One night they decided to give Anne and Eric some time alone. Some friends of theirs had brought in some food. Anne was going to serve that, and they were gonna have that and have just the quiet time. But after Anne says she and Eric ate a chicken dinner, Eric became violently ill again and went back to the hospital. Doctors poured over the tests from his previous stay and discovered the arsenic in Eric's blood.


Lieutenant Morgan had many questions for Eric's wife, but now Anne was refusing to cooperate. We tried to contact Anne. She never came by. She never called. Instead, within days of Eric's death, Anne hired attorneys effectively cutting police off. She had retained the most experienced lawyers that money can buy Wade Smith and Joe Cheshire, the lawyers who successfully defended the young Duke lacrosse players accused of Ray. And while Morgan thought it's suspicious, Eric's family was more forgiving, I, I just dismissed it. I'm like, okay, well I guess that happens lots of times.


The spouse gets, you know, blamed for things. The Miller family embraced their grieving daughter-in-law. After Eric's death, Ann asked to spend Christmas in Indiana with them. She wanted to be here where Eric was. She wanted to sleep in his bed, But they would soon learn a horrible truth about their daughter-in-law. On January 21st, 2001, a month and a half after Eric's death, the Millers came to Anne's house for Claire's first birthday. They had no idea we were coming. The Police wanted to confront about her affair. We went knocked on the door.


But when she saw them, she ran upstairs. Mr. Miller opened the door. I said, Mr. Miller, I said, we're here to talk to you about Darl Willard. We have reason to believe that Ann and Derril Willard have engaged in a relationship. What was your Reaction? I got mad as hell. Did you confront Anne? Anne had run upstairs and hit herself in the closet. I was devastated. I was just so hurt. And I felt Eric was so betrayed. She had been talking to this Willard numerous times, numerous times on the telephone. And the one that really put a dagger in my heart that she talked to him for 24 minutes, two hours before Eric died.


Don't take a rocket scientist to figure this out. Something's wrong. Big time. While Anne wept in the closet, detective Morgan was nine miles away in front of Darrell Willard's house. He came to the door and Darrell, I mean, he just had the look of a man who was experiencing total defeat. Morgan wondered aloud to Darrell, whether Ann had sent him up. I said, Darrell, I think you've been used by a woman. And he looked up and with resignation on his face, he said, yeah, and she's done a very good job of it.


And then he said, I can't talk to you anymore. I need to call my attorney. Darrell sat in the back of Morgan's car and phoned his lawyer. Morgan stood outside wishing he could overhear the conversation. He was certain Darrell knew who killed Eric Miller, that he was the key to unlocking the mystery. But 24 hours later, news broke 9 1 1 location of your emergency That changed everything. He's in the garage. I want you to stay on the line with me. Okay.


10. No one saw it coming. Late Monday afternoon, emergency crews got the call to Daryl Willard's home after his wife found his lifeless body in his garage. The news shocked Lieutenant Chris Morgan, Somebody came running in saying, oh my gosh, you ain't gonna believe this. 24 hours after he tried to interrogate Darrell Willard about his role in Eric Miller's murder, Willard was dead. 9 1 1. Your emergency. My husband just killed himself. He just what? He killed himself. Okay. And he's inside the home. He's in the garage, and he had shot himself in the head.


His wife, Yvette, found Darryl's body by his side. A note apologizing for leaving his family, but also denying his involvement in Eric Miller's murder. I've been accused of an action for which I am not responsible. Darrell wrote, I have taken no one's life. Save my own. He was supposed to go to see the attorney that day. The intense scrutiny put on the Willard home may have become too much. Yvette says her husband was worried that morning after the police searched their home looking for arsenic stories about his affair with Anne, his romantic trip to Chicago with her just days before Eric fell ill at the bowling alley.


Were going to be all over the news. I told him that I needed to go to work and explain to my boss. 'cause I knew we knew it would be in the paper. Yvette already knew what the world was, just finding out about her husband's affair. Willard Had some kind of relationship with Miller's widow before he died For weeks. She had her suspicions. I knew he was attracted to Anne when I knew the way he talked about her versus the way he talked about everybody at work. Before Anne Darrell had been depressed trying to take stock of his life as he approached 40, You know, we'd been married for a while.


The newness is worn off. Okay. And we just started, you know, fighting a little more. But after he became friendly with Anne, Darrell began paying more attention to his appearance and working out Yvette's birthday. Darrell told her he needed some time away to think things over. I knew what he was going out of town for. That was the weekend in Chicago? Yeah, with Ann Miller. Yeah. Why didn't you confront him? Why didn't you say something? Fear, you can know the truth, but once those words get out, you can't get them back.


And I guess I was hoping he'd realize what he was doing. But after Eric's murder, Darrell sat his wife down And he said he didn't know if he loved me and that he'd been having an affair. And I said, with Ann, he said, yes. What do you think was going through his mind? Did he think he had a a future with this woman? I think that Darrell would not have had an affair without that. Did Darrell put arsenic in Eric Miller's beer that day?


I do not believe so. Did you ask him that question? Yes, I did. And he said, no, I did not. I don't think Darrell would have tried to kill Eric. How can you be so certain? Darrell wasn't the type of thought he could get away with something like that. She says Darrell is just not capable of murder. He would've encouraged Anne to seek a divorce, not help her, kill her husband. And although he was innocent, she says her husband was emotionally fragile and could not handle the very public accusations. He had made one comment to me prior to his death.


He said, you know how to bend. You can take things and you just bend and you keep going. He says, I can't. I'll break. What was your last conversation with your husband? Good morning. It was the day after they searched the house and I told him it was gonna be a really hard day and he and I asked if he'd gimme a hug, and he did. And I thought he was gonna break my bones. He was squeezing and then I left.


While Yvette dropped Kelsey at daycare and headed into work. Darrell was planning his death. The world looks black to me. He wrote, all I can see is the smearing of my name paying, caused to my family personal humiliation and probable economic ruin. Darrell thought his family would be better off without him. Who's to blame Here? Ann Miller. My husband would still be here if it wasn't for her. The Millers, on the other hand, didn't know what to believe. Ann was feeding us information that Darrell was obsessed with her.


We did think that it was possible that Darrell poisoned Eric and in the end was trying to get him out of the picture. But when the full autopsy report was released, the Millers were flabbergasted. I I think it's very likely that Eric Miller received at least Windows dose of arsenic in the hospital, and very likely the fatal dose. Incredible. As it sounds, Dr. Clark is almost certain. Someone came into Eric's hospital room and finished him off with a final fatal dose. But that wasn't the only stunning news.


To the shock of investigators, Dr. Clark's team found arsenic and Eric's hair four months before he went bolding with Darryl Willer. And months before police believed Daryl and Anne started an an affair. Arsenics not the kind of crime you can commit at any distance. You have to be able to put the arsenic in the food or drink and introduce it into the body In terms of possible suspects that left only Ann for months. Morgan believes Ann dosed her husband with arsenic. I do think that Ann was seeing just how much Poison it would take to make Eric sick, sort of experimenting.


And then Morgan says she turned to Darrell. Ann reached a point in time where she was ready to eliminate Eric. She needs to make sure that she keeps her hands clean and has a reasonable patsy that if something does go wrong, he can take the fall. If Anne really was this cold and calculating, was she in fact a psychopath? Morgan and the Millers feared the worst? Would she now try to hurt Baby Claire? I am scared. I am scared to death for Claire's wellbeing. You know, at any moment she could be poisoning.


Claire,


Did you know that after World War ii, the US government quietly brought former Nazi scientists to America in a covert operation to advance military technology, or that in the 1950s, the US Army conducted a secret experiment by releasing bacteria over San Francisco to test how a biological attack might spread without alerting the public. These might sound like conspiracy theories, but they're not. They're well-documented government operations that have been hidden away in classified files for decades. I'm Luke Lamana, a Marine Corps recon vet, and I've always had a thing for digging into the unknown. It's what led me to start my new podcast, redacted Declassified Mysteries. In it, I explore hidden truths and reveal some eye-opening events like covert experiments and secret operations that those in power tried to keep bearing, follow, redacted, declassified mysteries with me. Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts to listen ad free. Join Wondery Plus. In the Wondery app,


They say Hollywood is where dreams are made. A seductive city where many flock to get rich, be adored and capture America's heart. But when the spotlight turns off, fame, fortune and lives can disappear in an instant. When TV producer Roy Radden was found dead in a canyon near LA in 1983, there were many questions surrounding his death. The last person seen with him was Lainey Jacobs, a seductive cocaine dealer who desperately wanted to be part of the Hollywood elite to together. They were trying to break into the movie industry, but things took a dark turn when a million dollars worth of cocaine and cash went missing. From Wondery comes a new season of the hit Show. Hollywood and Crime, the Cotton Club murder, follow Hollywood and Crime, the Cotton Club murder on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcast, you can binge all episodes of the Cotton Club murder early and ad free right now. By joining Wondery Plus,


I was sure that Ann Miller was directly responsible for her husband's death. Lieutenant Chris Morgan was desperate to put Ann Miller behind bars. You kept her eye on Ann Miller. We did. For a period of time. We watched her pretty much round the clock. They're coming out in a space of about six months. She had completely reinvented her life. Morgan couldn't believe that. So soon after Eric's murder, Anne packed up her life in Raleigh and took Claire 120 miles away to Wilmington, North Carolina.


Far from the reach of the Raleigh Police Department, She had latched on to a new man in her life. Her new boyfriend was musician, Paul kt. He was just a normal everyday guy And she had a new job Trying a new career, working for an interior designer. Is that what you would normally expect from a spouse whose husband's been murdered in such a cruel way? An innocent person he believed would've been hounding the police for answers. Anne Miller should have been on a first name basis with every detective involved in this investigation.


We just wanna talk to you for a minute, but Anne wasn't interested in talking to anybody. Could we please have a minute of your time? Morgan wondered what kind of person watches her husband die and doesn't look back. I think she is a psychopath. She never felt any guilt. She never felt any remorse. He feared for what could happen next. Did you also believe she would Harm her Own Daughter? We didn't know, but I didn't want to take that chance. She just lost control. Morgan turned to his friend, forensic psychologist, Michael Teague for help. I think Even people like Ed have emotion. I Don't think Anne's got any emotion.


Sometimes we would argue over whether his insights were correct. Think you're wrong on that one. My good Doctor Teague was being very objective, missing the point again, I need objective viewpoints. She wanted him dead. T Eventually she, She wanted him gone. You didn't think that Anne fit the profile of a Killer? She's not very typical. I mean, most of the women who kill their husbands are not highly educated as she is. Did not come from a very high income background. Anne grew up in a traditional churchgoing family, the eldest of three girls, her mother, a teaching assistant and her father, a sales executive. Say she is a devoted and loving daughter.


Teague wondered, did an just snap one day? Or was she the psychopath that Morgan described someone likely to kill? Again? There's more to this picture than just your typical murder of a husband by wife. Teague needed a face-to-face with Anne. So he went undercover visiting the design shop where she worked. I didn't recognize her. She projected meekness and just weak. She came across as so harmless. Ann had a chameleonlike quality. He concluded a dangerous ability to transform herself and fool people.


I think Anne is very disturbed, very high risk. If she had no boundaries to stop her from killing the saint like Eric Miller, I don't see what would stop her in the future. New troubling information was coming to light about Anne. Every day Emails reveal that at the same time she was having an affair with Darrell. Anne was having a romantic relationship with the man from California, all while Eric laid dying in the hospital. And on the day Eric was transferred to the ICU. Ann chose not to spend the day with him, but at the beauty salon. But she did say she was ready for something new, something fresh. Another time she left Eric's hospital bedside to clean house.


She threw away all of Eric's soiled clothing from his first night of being ill. She threw away all of the bathroom rugs instead of just washing things like any normal person would do. She threw everything away. At the time, Eric's sisters believed Anne was just overcome with stress. In retrospect, what do you think she was doing? She was covering her. Her tracks getting a lot of evidence, And that's not the only evidence she destroyed. After Eric's death, Anne insisted her husband be cremated against his family's wishes. You did not want your son cremated. We did not want him cremated. We just, we didn't want it. It was like he's died and then they was gonna destroy him again.


But Ann begged for Eric's ashes to be interred at the Catholic church in Raleigh. So she and Claire would be able to visit every Sunday. She just knew how to play your heartstrings. Just weeks later though, Anne would move away from Raleigh and leave Eric's ashes behind. The Millers were furious and concerned. Morgan and Teague asked Child Protective Services to remove Claire from Anne's care. They told us flat, unless Anne gets arrested, we're not gonna do anything. Looking into this case, Both Morgan and Teague believed that an arrest was imminent. We thought we were gonna be getting a call at any minute saying, pick Anne Miller up, arrest her.


But the call never came. Oh my gosh. The District attorney's office wasn't quite ready to move at the same pace that we were. We needed something in addition to just suspicions suspicious circumstances and circumstantial evidence. District attorney Colin Willoughby wanted hard evidence, especially if he was going to square off against Ann's high profile defense attorneys. It was necessary to have solid proof. There was no ending to this story. It was true. Morgan had no one who could place the arsenic in Ann's hands.


It was 2002 and more than a year had passed since Eric Miller was murdered. Morgan Frustrated Morgan reread the case file again and again and then late one night looking at the file for what felt like the 100th time. Morgan says he saw it plain as day. The opening, Exactly The key to solving Eric Miller's


murder. He was hip hop's biggest mogul. The man who redefined fame, fortune, and the music industry. The first male rapper to be honored on the Hollywood Walk of fame. Sean Diddy Comb. Diddy built an empire and lived a life. Most people only dream about Everybody know ain't no party like a Diddy party. So yeah, that's just up. But just as quickly as his empire rose, it came crashing down. Today I'm announcing the unsealing of a three count indictment, charging Sean Combs with racketeering, conspiracy, sex trafficking, interstate transportation for prostitution. I Was up, I hit rock bottom. But I made no excuses. I'm disgusted. I'm so sorry Until you're wearing an orange jumpsuit. It's not real. Now it's real. From his meteoric rise to his shocking fall from grace from law and crime, this is the rise and fall of Diddy. Listen to the rise and fall of Diddy, exclusively with Wondery Plus


From the award-winning Masters of Audio Horror. Oh, I see a face right up against the window. Bleach white, no hair, black eyes. A round hole for a mouth. It's flat. Taylor, it's completely flat. I don't know what that is. I don't know what kind of a head is. Flat Comes the return of dark sanctum. What is that coming under the door? It's blood. Seven original chilling tails inspired by the Twilight Zone and tails from the crypt. Get Back in your car, Lizzie. It's okay. I'm here Now. Josh, get in your car. Starring Bethany Joy lens. Clive Standin and Michael O'Neill. Welcome to the dark Sanctum. Listen to dark sanctum Season two, exclusively on Wondery Plus, join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify.


Lieutenant Chris Morgan couldn't believe he hadn't noticed it before. In the case file was a transcript from a police interview with Yvette Willard that could crack the case wide open. She told investigators that days before her husband Darrell committed suicide. His attorney Rick Gammon, warned him that he could be charged with attempted murder in the Eric Miller case. Why Is Rick Gammon telling Darrell that he could be charged with attempted murder? Well, it's gotta be that Darrell has told Rick Gammon something. So Morgan asked, I said, Rick, let me ask you this.


When are you gonna tell us what Darrell Willard told you? And my response to Chris was, Chris, you know, I can't do that unless I was ordered to do that by judge Attorney Rick Gammon. I told Derril Willard over and over and over again that any and everything that he told me was confidential. They say dead men don't tell tales. But Morgan was banking his case on changing that, getting gammon to break. Attorney-client privilege was Morgan's only hope. That's gonna be the key to this case. District attorney Colin Willoughby took up the cons, The privileges between lawyers and their clients and priests and their parishioners are probably the two most sacred, and those are probably the most difficult to go after.


Despite the pressure, Gammon refused to break his silence. I don't wanna see anyone who's committed murder to go free, even though I'm a defense attorney. But on the other hand, you know, the, the, the attorney-client privilege is so important. It's Really about black and white for you. There's no moral or ethical Struggle. Oh, sure, there's a moral struggle, but there's not a legal struggle. As the case dragged on in the courts. Questions about Anne and her relationship with Darryl Willard linger, desperate. Eric's sister Pam phoned Anne and secretly recorded the conversation.


It's Out in the newspapers that you called Willard, like, I don't know how many times. What is that all about? And you said this guy was stalking you. Obsessed. Might have been a good word, but I, I, you know, I don't, I don't know what you want me to say. I want you to tell us what happened, what this is all about. Would it make any difference? Would would anybody listen to me? Yes, we're listening. Oh, I don't think so. I really don't think anybody would listen to me. Weeks, past months come Together.


Years, A lot of people said, I've been so obsessed with it. I paid no attention to my career. Three Years after Eric's murder, Ann wed her musician boyfriend, Paul k and Morgan approach retirement age. The only thing I cared about, it would seem to the outsider was Ann Miller going to jail. Then In, the spring of 2004, the North Carolina Supreme Court made a startling decision ruling that gammon must reveal what Darryl Willard told him about Anne's role in Eric's murder. He told me that he met Anne one day in a parking lot.


Anne was crying and she admitted to him that while Eric was in the hospital, she took a syringe that contained a substance and injected it into his iv. Darrell asked her, why did you do this? And she said, I just, I don't know why I did it. The DA could now put the arsenic that killed Eric Miller in Anne's hands. As for Darrell Willard, the judge revealed that Darrell told his attorney that he never tried to kill Eric. You felt vindicated. I felt that he at least got to speak up and defend himself. Ann was ordered to surrender. I got It.


I got It and was charged with Eric's murder. The DA was worried though about Gammons statement being used at trial. Even if a judge allowed it into evidence, any conviction would be subject to appeal. What's more the DA thought and might charm a jury? We needed to protect our granddaughter. We needed to take Ann out of her life. At least until Claire's an adult. The DA wasn't willing to gamble and neither were the millers. A plea was offered 25 years in prison for Eric's murder. Anne takes the deal.


So in 2005, five years after their son's murder, the Millers finally hear their daughter-in-law accept guilt. Anne's family was also in the courtroom. Ms. Co did you with malice unlawfully and intentionally participate in causing the death of Eric Miller? Yes. There it was. In a small barely Audible voice. Ann admitted killing Eric. But the Miller family wanted answers there. Emotions were raw. And why don't you look at me? Why can't you look at me? Eric's sister, Pam, Why did you brutally murder my brother Eric poisoning him, watching him suffer?


I, I think sometimes that you just can't explain it. There's, I think, pure evil in the world, and I think she falls into that category of pure evil. Leanne was next. I don't believe that you Ann truly love your daughter. How could you, when you have taken away one of the most precious gifts that she will ever have her father, I will never understand, Anne, why you just didn't divorce him. She can't divorce him because that in Anne's world amounts to, you know, admitting that she's not perfect.


So instead of shattering this image of the perfect couple, you're saying that Ann Miller decided to kill Eric. Exactly. From Ann's point of view, she would be looked at by her friends. Has this total victim With Ann Miller's sentencing? Chris Morgan retired from the police force. The main question I'd like to ask her is, why did you think you'd be able to get away with this? And while the case that consumed him for nearly five years is finally over to this day, Morgan feels little satisfaction. What in the hell have I got to be happy about?


Two good men are dead. Two little girls will never know their fathers. I'm not happy about any of this. My job was to get justice for Eric Miller. Justice has been done. Ann Miller K Is scheduled to be released from prison in 2029.


If you like this podcast, you can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at wondery.com/survey.


My name's Jack Wagner, host of otherworld, a podcast featuring real people who experienced something paranormal, supernatural, or unexplained. I have no idea how I got there. I don't think I've ever seen anything that looked like this. It felt Like electric stars on fire. I started other world to take a grounded approach to the paranormal, help people tell their own stories and encourage more to come forward. I certainly don't have the answers, but maybe one day we will join me as we explore our world's greatest mysteries. Listen to other world now for free on the Odyssey app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Did you know that after World War ii, the US government quietly brought former Nazi scientists to America in a covert operation to advance military technology? Or that in the 1950s, the US Army conducted a secret experiment by releasing bacteria over San Francisco to test how a biological attack might spread without alerting the public. These might sound like conspiracy theories, but they're not. They're well-documented government operations that have been hidden away in classified files for decades. I'm Luke Lamana, a Marine Corps recon fan, and I've always had a thing for digging into the unknown. It's what led me to start my new podcast, redacted Declassified Mysteries. In it, I explore hidden truths and reveal some eye-opening events like covert experiments and secret operations that those in power tried to keep buried, follow redacted, declassified mysteries with me. Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts to listen ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app.


They called it The happiest place on the high desert home to a tight knit group of 30 somethings who like to party. It starts as a Playboy channel fantasy, but this is real life Where passion leads to murder and a killer seeks God's help with the coverup. I'm Josh Menowitz and this is Deadly Mirage. An all new podcast from Dateline. Listen to new episodes for free each week, wherever you get your podcasts.