
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


Even If, you love the thrill of true crime stories as much as I do. There are times when you wanna mix it up and that's where Audible comes in with all the genres you love and new ones to discover. Explore thousands of audio books, podcasts, and originals with more added all the time. Listening to Audible can lead to positive change in your mood, your habits, and even your overall wellbeing. And you can enjoy Audible anytime while doing household chores, exercising, commuting. You name it. There's more to imagine when you listen. Sign up for a free 30 day Audible trial and your first audio book is free. Visit Audible dot ca.


Stream the best of British TV on Brit box. Watch captivating dramas and gripping mysteries, whether it's entire series of massive hits like Sherlock and Vera, new seasons of originals like the responder starring international Emmy winner, Martin Freeman, or an extraordinary selection of beloved treasures featuring Idris Elba, Jody Comer, Matthew McFadden, Benedict Cumberbatch, and more early on. Brit Box watch with a free trial@britbox.com.


Hello listeners, and welcome back to season two of Post Mortem. I'm your host Ann Marie Green. We are diving right back into another really chilling case about the disappearance and the search for Sarah Ann Wood. Joining me today is 48 hours correspondent Erin Moriarty, who has been covering this case since Sarah disappeared, since She was reported missing back in 1993. We're gonna get more on that in a bit, but we're also joined by longtime 48 hours producer, Chris Young Ritson, welcome. It's great To be here. And we're starting another new season of 48 hours and this I think is a perfect story to do it with. Absolutely. It's so great to be here. Thanks.


So listeners, If, you are joining us for the very first time, or you need a quick reminder, If, you haven't actually listened to this 48 hours episode yet. Head on over to your podcast feed and then listen to the full audio version of it. First, it's just below this episode, it's on your feed. So go listen and then come back for our conversation where we're gonna break it all down for you. The title of this episode is The Unending Search for Sara Anne Wood. And it really has been unending for her family, for investigators. They are still searching for her body. It's been over 30 years. Both of you have been really covering true crime for decades now. In your experience, is it unusual for investigators to continue to pursue a case even after the suspect is already in prison?


I don't think it's that unusual when you're talking about a case like this with a young child. The one thing that struck me when we went back now 30 years later is investigators, they all remember at the age of their children at the same time. And so this case stuck with them and they put themselves in the place of the victims and they think, what would I want done for me? And of course also we call it unending Sarah Mitz parents and, and her brother, they wanna end this search. Yeah. The DA said to us, we all kind of adopted Sarah, and they're gonna continue looking until they find her In the hour.


You see how investigators continue to interview Lin in prison. You know, they bring him out, you know, spend days with him. What's the long game here? He's sitting in prison. He is going to be punished for the rest of his life. You know, years after he went to prison, he suddenly brings up new information about another victim, Jamie Lusher. So there is this hope of trying to solve those cases. There are other kids missing. There's a side of me like feeling that Lewis Lun is kind of taking advantage of them and it drives me crazy because he has the control and this is about control, but investigators believe that the longer they stick with it, maybe they can find Sarah and, and maybe they can find other children.


Yeah, I think it's everyone's hope that people close to Lewis Lynn will encourage him to speak out, you know, so he can give some closure to both Sarah's family and potentially others. I wanna talk about retired FBI profiler Agent Cowley because it was great to have her there. She's like a, a masterclass in profiling a serial killer, A serial killer, talking to a former FBI profiler. That was a little discouraging to me because Agent Julia Cowley said, these guys, that's all they have. They're in prison. All they have is this information, it is their currency. And so they can either give it or they can keep it in the bank to quote one of our investigators and die with it.


So it's, it's iffy. Yeah. And you do touch in the hour about just how like, time is ticking away, you know, at some point he won't be available anymore. And 48 hours also interviewed people who knew Lent like, you know, his friend, even a minister. I was really struck by Richard Bauman, who was a theater owner. He had hired him and the way he broke down, you just got the sense that he felt personally sort of offended or he was questioning himself, that he could not identify the evil that this man was capable of. How could these people, how were they fooled by Lent?


I thought the importance of that interview that Richard Sussinger did so many years ago was that it really put a, a almost like a, a period on what the FBI profiler said that this guy was so able to hide this evil side of himself. That here's a guy who owned the cinema, who trusted Lewis Lent so much that he allowed him to have contact with kids. And the fact that this owner was so devastated that he had been fooled, that really told you how good an actor Lewis Lent was. Absolutely. Yeah.


One of the detectives talked about Lewis, Lent told him that, you know, that he kind of has two personalities, you know, one side, he was this nice person always helping others, and then he had this other side of him where he just did these awful things. And you know, when we interviewed our profiler, Julia said, this is possible that these two, these two different personalities can be in a, in a person. And it's hard to really fathom that, you Know? And she reminded us though, that, you know, that he wasn't the good person because when he cried and felt sad, he was sad, he got caught. He never expressed concern about these children.


I mean, all you have to do is watch this hour and 48 hours and see that beautiful face of Sarah M. Wood, and you realize yourself, how devastating. And this guy seemed to feel nothing, but he had to have been such a great actor. And I think that's a reason for doing this show, is to remind people, you know, bad people don't come with horns. They look like anyone else. So the other thing that you covered when you initially did this story for 48 hours is you spoke to some of Lynn's family members. Did they give you any insight into how he could have become like this?


Well, I should point out, initially they were shocked. I mean, nobody, again, he hid what he called his evil side, his alter ego from his family. But they all, all of us wondered why would Lewis Lent turn out this way? And and many experts, including our FBI, former profiler, said that often they are abused. And in fact, they did believe that Lewis Lent might have been abused as a child. So we did learn that from talking to the family As I was watching this, I couldn't help but to think about my own kid.


Right? She's a tween. I I'm struggling like many parents with, you know, letting the leash a little looser and then pulling it back. I know you guys are journalists, but you're also moms. I wonder, If, you know, being a mom, being a parent, if that kind of like factored into how you felt about this story, how you felt about why you wanted to tell it? Well, it's funny, I, you know, I, I was on it back in 1993, and I think we need to have empathy when we're doing interviews. But then when you have empathy for the victims, you're feeling it yourself. Particularly if you're a mom. And my son was a little younger than Sarah m would, and I didn't realize how much I was affected till I went back home to New York, New York City, and we were riding a bike and I thought Nick was behind me, but he was ahead of me.


And when he wasn't behind me, I mean, look, I went crazy in seconds. I already said my son's missing me. And I had organized people and he was just right ahead of us. And some man rides back with a bike and he goes, is this your son? Oh my goodness. My son was mortified. But the other mothers around me said to him, look, She was reacting properly. You have to react right away. So I think that tells you how much you do internalize. This could happen to anybody, it could happen to us because it did happen to wonderful people. I, I think also as a journalist, you know, covering these kind of stories, I, I tend to compartmentalize because also, you know, you don't wanna be that parent that's overly protective at the same time.


But I'll tell you, I have two daughters, an 11-year-old and a 9-year-old. And after doing this story, I literally have sat down with them and said, you know what, what do you do if someone pulls up in a car? And, and, and I've gone through the steps with them. And so it was a kind of education for them and I'm happy that I've done that. And I hope maybe parents watching this will also take the time to do that with their children. Well, I gotta tell you, after watching it, I thought I have to have this conversation. I just gotta make sure I know what she knows and what she doesn't know. And I also thought maybe she, we should take a self-defense class together or something just to be prepared. When we get back, we're gonna talk to Erin and Chris about Sarah Ann's family and how they coped with this incredible loss.


I've been spending more time in California lately, and I just love it there. Literally every time I'm there, it just feels like that song. I think I like this little life and I can't wait to get back there to my friends and the community that I've built. I'm hoping to get back in the fall, but every time I visit LA I've realized I could easily be making some extra money if I just Airbnb my home while I'm away. I always love staying in Airbnbs when I'm away so I can just settle into a good routine. And I'm excited to host people in my home too. Whether you have extra space in your home or you're looking to make some extra money while you travel somewhere fun, your home might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at airbnb.ca/host


In the Pacific Ocean. Halfway between Peru and New Zealand lies a tiny volcanic island. It's a little, little known British territory called Pitcan and it harbored a deep, dark scandal. There wouldn't be a girl on Pitcan once they reached the age of 10. That would still averge. It just happens towards us. I'm journalist Luke Jones and for almost two years I've been investigating a shocking story that has left deep scars on generations of women and girls from Pitcan. When there's nobody watching, nobody going to report it, people will get away with what they can get away with. In the Pitcan trials, I'll be uncovering a story of abuse and the fight for justice that has brought a unique lonely Pacific Island to the brink of extinction. Listen to the Pitcan trials exclusively on Wondery. Plus join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify.


Welcome back everyone. So 48 hours started covering this case just days after Sarah went missing and had incredible access in those early days. We see so much of that rich archival footage in the hour. And Aaron, what was your impression of Sarah's family, especially in those early days? I think you saw really what families go through in a way that you rarely do. So at first it was shock. Then you see Sarah Ann's mother unable almost to talk. You could see her suffering. And dad, you know, he felt he had to be the strong one. He was there every day. But then when he was pushed just a little bit, and I think it was, was it our cameraman who kind of pushed him, somebody who was with him and said, but how are you doing?


Then you see him dissolve. And that is, to me, the importance. It's not to interfere or interrupt or or violate someone's privacy. It is to let you know how difficult it is to go through something like this. The guilt the parents feel, the loss, the parents feel, the gratitude they feel for everybody who's helping them search. And that access allowed us really to share what this family was going through. Yeah, that dad, I just thought this is sort of the epitome of I have to be the rock for everyone and I have to stay busy so I don't focus on this.


And then when he was asked how you, I probably no one had asked him that, No, you saw him struggling not to break down, but how could you not? That's how he was getting through it, not thinking about it. And now suddenly he had to think about it. Yeah. And Chris Dusty Wood has never actually given an interview about his sister until this, for 48 hours for an In depth interview depth. I mean, he spent two hours with Aaron. Mm. And he really talked a lot about long-term grief. He Says that there's two paths he decided to go one path, which he became more extroverted. His family, they're more introverted.


Mm. And so he represented his family in this and he shared with us some things that we actually couldn't put in the broadcast. He pulled out all these letters from children that had sent letters to his family and to him thanking them for speaking out and, and saying, I'm really sorry about what happened to to your sister. You know, he kept saying how grateful he was for the support that he and his family have received from the community. But the letters were very emotional for him. And that was Meaningful to him to have those Letters very meaningful. And, and I think Dusty really compartmentalized this as well. I don't think he really has looked at these letters in a long time.


So for him to pull them out and to share them with us, that was really special. And it kind of took 'em back to that time. Hmm. You always think, you know, when someone's going through something like that, there are no words that could make a difference. But clearly those letters did. And there was another way that this case had kind of a surprising impact on Dusty. Dusty and the rest of his family had spent a lot of time with our long time cameraman, Darrell Barton, and had shown, I guess so much sensitivity that Dusty decided he too would become a cameraman and even adopted the way Darrell shot things, which was constantly never stopping, just shooting everything.


And that's what Dusty does today. He's a cameraman. Listening to Dusty also makes you realize that it's not like something that happened to him 30 years ago. It continues to, to affect his life even today. And I think that's again, something that we forget that the news cycle moves on. You know, we say, oh this is sad. This family went through, well, it doesn't end for the family, it's there every day. There's a reminder every day. And you could really see that in Dusty. It changed his life, then it changed the trajectory his life took, what he decided to do with his life.


And to this day, it's still what drives his life is to save other children from the same fate. So Is that another reason why he was willing to talk so openly with you all? Yes, he's very passionate, both Dusty and his family and kind of educating, you know, others about, you know, how they, how we can protect children. And he does a ride every year called the Ride for Missing Children. And he allowed us to follow him. It was a seven, eight mile bike ride. And they would stop at schools along the way and kids would come out and they would talk about abduction prevention. And it's a very important thing that he does every year.


And I'm really happy that we were able to include that in the broadcast. And If, you needed an example of a kid who's educated, who knows what to do in a situation like that. You got one right in the hour, right? Because Aaron, you have this incredible interview with Becky Severs. This is from way back then. She was approached by Lent and really smartly used these tactics to avoid being abducted. And this was in the middle of a busy intersection area, busy town. There would've been a ton of witnesses, which just told you how sort of bold he was. We're gonna play some of that sound. I was listening to my music. He, he was on the side of me. He's like, where I am? Yeah, he was saying stuff before and I didn't know what he was saying, so I took my earphones out to hear what he was saying.


And then he said, do you see the gun I have? And I was like, yes. I, I see the gun you have. He's like, just do everything I say. Everything would be perfectly okay. I was like, alright. He had it up against you. He Had, he had it about maybe an inch away from me. Were You scared? No. You weren't Scared. I wasn't scared. We turned down here to where his truck was parked. Now he wants you to go in the truck, right? That's over there. Right. You're not intending to go into that truck. No, If I got away, I didn't care. If, you shot me. I, I just knew I was not gonna get into that truck. Why? Why did you know that? Was that something someone had told you? Or I, I just felt it inside me.


I knew I was not gonna get into that truck. I gotta tell you why I'm smiling is I still smile when I think about Becky SRIs. Becky Aviaries was the savviest little 12-year-old. I mean, what a hoot. She keeps her head through it all and says that it came to her to fake an asthma attack and then, you know, plan that She was just going to slip out of her backpack and get away. And, which is exactly what she did. Did she learn like that whole stranger dangers thing? Is that what kind of helped to protect her? Well She said she didn't. She said it just came to her mind. Now, later on I had spoken to her mother.


She said that she had talked to her daughter and we also know that Sarah Ann Wood's dad went around and was in that Pittsfield area. So she may have gotten some ideas, but the bottom line was Becky Sari just was so smart and used this amazing Rus to escape. And let's not forget this, she's a hero in this story because she probably saved other kids' lives because of what she did. So yes, I'm smiling 'cause she's just, to me, she's one of those people you never forget. Oh, Absolutely. And that delivery, I mean, she's just seemed so calm about it.


And I wonder if outside of the cameras, did she express any other emotions? No. She was, She was that cool character. I actually wonder, I think about that. Like, if she had not gone away, what would've happened? I don't wanna, I mean, how many, I don't wanna think about, I don't even wanna think about it. You're right. Like, not only was it fantastic that she got away, but then, you know, she saw him, she had an interaction with him, she could give police details about him that, you know, other others couldn't. Well She picked him out of a lineup too, which was very important. Yeah, Definitely. A a a turning point. Why do you think 48 hours you come back to this case, what is it about this case?


Because, you know, it is the unending surge. We don't have that Wrap it up with a bow ending. You Know, maybe in a way we're driven by the same reason these investigators are. It's time to end this search and l he's getting older, he is in his seventies, he professes to be religious. Maybe he should, you know, cleanse that soul of his before he goes. And also, let's not forget Jamie Lusher, who's another child who disappeared. Those parents deserve to know where their children are. They deserve peace. And I think that's a big reason why we're doing this.


Do Investigators believe he knows where Sarah Ann is or where Jamie is? Absolutely. Actually the district attorney in our broadcast says they absolutely believe he knows where he buried Sarah and where he put Jamie Lusher and he refuses to tell them, which is very frustrating for them. But they're gonna keep going. Well it's a remarkable story told in the usual 48 hours remarkable way. And it's another example of something that 48 hours does so well that you follow stories to the very end. So Aaron, what other projects are you working on now?


One that is near and dear to my heart, a new podcast and you can listen to Murder in the Orange Grove, the troubled case against Crosley Green early and ad free on the 48 hours plus subscription on Apple Podcasts. Aaron Chris, thank you so much for joining me for the premier season two of Post Mortem. It's always great to be able to be here with you and talking about this show. Thank you so much. So If, you like this series Post Mortem. Please rate and review 48 hours on Apple Podcasts and then follow 48 hours wherever you get your podcast. You can also listen ad free on Amazon Music Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, or with a 48 hours plus subscription on Apple Podcasts.


Thanks again for listening. If, you like this podcast? You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Did you know that the two leading causes of sensitive teeth are irritated gums and weak enamel switched to sensodine sensitivity, gum and enamel. With twice daily brushing, you can relieve sensitivity, help restore gum health and re harden enamel. Three issues. One answer.


Are you in trouble with the law? Need a lawyer who will fight like hell to keep you outta jail. We Defend and we fight just like you'd want your own children. D defended. Whether you're facing a drug charge, caught up on a murder rap accused of committing war crimes, look no further than Paul Berggren. All the big guys go to Bergen 'cause he gets everybody off. You name it, Paul can do it. Need to launder some money. Broker a deal with a drug cartel, take out a witness from wondering the makers of doctor death. And over my dead body comes a new series about a lawyer who broke all the rules. Isn't It funny how witnesses disappear or how evidence doesn't show up or somebody doesn't testify Correctly in order to win at all costs? If Paul asked you to do something, it wasn't a request, It was an order. I'm your host, Brandon Jens Jenkins. Follow criminal attorney on the Wonder App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to criminal attorney early and add free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts


Paramount podcasts.