
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. today In the upcoming episode of Killer Psyche, we will be diving deep into the unfolding case of accused Gilgo Beach serial killer Rex Herman. Follow killer Psyche. Wherever you get your podcast, you can listen to Killer Psyche and more Exhibit C true crime shows early and ad free. Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the upcoming episode of Killer Psyche, we will be diving deep into the unfolding case of accused Gilgo Beach, serial killer Rex Erman. Follow killer psyche. Wherever you get your podcast, you can listen to Killer Psyche and more Exhibit C true crime shows early and ad free. Right now by joining Wondery Plus,


Welcome back to 48 Hours Post Mortem. I'm your host Anne Marie Green, and this week we are discussing the doctor who was charged with depraved heart murder in connection with the death of his girlfriend, Sarah Harris. Now, this is a charge that's new to me and perhaps it to many listeners as well. So to explain it all, I am joined by 48 hours producer Josh Jaeger. Josh, thank you so much. It's a pleasure. Nice to be here. When Sarah Harris overdosed from a lethal drug cocktail in 2022, Dr. James Ryan was later charged with Depraved heart murder. This is a subcategory of second degree murder that I really had not heard of before.


So I'm gonna ask you, Josh, just sort of explain it to us. What is it? Have you reported on any other cases like this? Look, I've been doing this job nearly 30 years, and when you've been doing it that long, you, you tend to feel like you've seen, seen at all when it comes to murder cases. But this is something that I had never seen and, and members of the team said the same. And in order to prove this, prosecutors don't have to prove intent. In other words, they don't have to prove you planned or wanted to do this, but what they've gotta prove is that you acted with extreme disregard for human life. So how does that apply?


In this case, the argument was in court that Dr. James Ryan knew as a physician and as a surgeon, he knew about these particular drugs. He knew how dangerous they could be, and he provided Sarah Harris with access anyway. But Josh, how difficult are Depraved Hart murder charges to prove at trial? They are not easy to prove, and prosecutors told us there are a couple of real challenges they face. One of these challenges has to do with the definitions that attach to some of these crimes. We asked about the similarities and differences between depraved heart, murder, and manslaughter letter, and the prosecution said that the words in those definitions are similar in, in a, in a number of instances, words like reckless disregard for human life versus extreme disregard for human life.


And for two crimes that have such similar and, and comparatively vague definitions, the punishments are incredibly different. The sentences for manslaughter, the sentencing range and the sentencing range for second degree murder are very different. So when you're comparing a crime that may involve words like reckless versus a crime that may involve words like extreme, how is a jury supposed to really compute what those two words mean and how they're different? Yet in making the decision between those two crimes, there may be decades of difference in prison time between those two verdicts. And I should point out that that wasn't the only charge that he was facing.


Right? We should note that in addition to depraved heart murder, prosecutors also charged Ryan with involuntary manslaughter plus two counts of drug distribution and then one count of possession with intent to distribute. Right? I wanna talk about You know a scene that really kind of struck me. Sarah's mom, Tina, she she's definitely a force. She's the force behind the continued push to find out more. There is dramatic body cam footage of her screaming at Ryan when she finds out that her daughter is dead and she runs into the house and she is hitting him.


My heart went out to her. I mean, what you spoke to her, what was she like? I think this is an extraordinary woman in our jobs. We meet victims and surviving family members of victims of, of these horrific crimes all the time. But I, I must admit that this particular person made a, made an impression on me that's gonna last for some time. And part of that has to do with her larger story. You learn in talking to her that months before Sarah's death, around a year before her, another daughter of hers Rachel Harris, suffered an immense tragedy. Rachel's fiance took his own life in front of her and that was something that hit very hard across the entire Harris family.


Then as if that's not enough, just I think it's 18 days before Sarah Harris dies. Tina's son Christopher, who's in his thirties, died after a heart attack in Montana. So on the eve of Sarah Harris' death If, you will, Tina is already dealing with two appalling losses in her immediate circle of of relatives and soon to be relatives. Her strength in talking about it was incredible. And when you see the body cam footage, it's hard to even process what she might, she might be going through at that moment.


So when I saw it, I thought just about any reaction you could think of would be understandable because the situation is so inconceivable. So some people are gonna wonder why Tina, when she can see that something is really off with this relationship and that her daughter is diminishing, why she didn't just call the police. I think there are a number of of of reasons. I mean, first she does try to convince them to break up. She's not a a fan of the relationship big picture. But there are a number of reasons why I think she does what she does and she doesn't do what she doesn't do.


The first is that Tina said Ryan on paper looked like a pretty eligible guy for her daughter to be dating. He was pretty impressive. He was highly educated, he had a thriving practice. He seemed to treat her daughter pretty well. And so you can imagine a situation where you have this highly trained, educated person who claims to love your daughter and it gives you his opinion on what's going wrong and how he's trying to help you don't necessarily think you're being lied to. The second is that as Tina discovers that there's something really wrong with Sarah in Sarah's house, that there's activity going on there that looks suspicious.


Sarah and James Ryan plead with her not to go to the authorities. Finally, later on in the second instance where Tina threatens to blow the whistle, her daughter says, If, you do that. I will never talk to you again. Look, that puts a mother in, in an excruciating situation. I can't imagine being in that situation. And Tina says she feared for losing the relationship with her daughter. The tragedy is that in the end she did. Tina also revealed something very unsettling that she says, Ryan told her when they were on a trip with Sarah.


Tina told you guys that Ryan said that he actually first noticed Sarah around town as a teenager, a pretty young teenager. Let's just listen to that clip from Tina. And he says, then I found out she worked in the toy store. So I would take my kids there so I could see her. And I remember when she dressed up as Elsa from Frozen and she looked just like Elsa. And then he said, yeah, and then I found out she worked at one of these restaurants and so I would go in there for dinner so I could get her as my server. It sounds like Dr. Ryan was obsessed With Sarah. He was.


He was very much so. This is a conversation we could not independently corroborate. Having said that, we had no specific reason to doubt what Tina told us. So what we learned from Tina about this, that Dr. Ryan noticed Sarah, when Sarah was in the park with friends at the age of 14. After that, Tina said, Dr. Ryan discovers that Sarah is working in a toy store, and he says to Tina, I remember going into the toy store and seeing Sarah dressed as Elsa. He also goes on to detail a situation where Sarah is working at a, at a local restaurant as a waitress and says that he went into that restaurant in order to have Sarah as a server.


And while we don't know those, the the exact timing of those second two types of encounter, the toy store and the restaurant, it still tends to indicate that Dr. Ryan has a rather unusual interest in Sarah and James. Ryan is 23 years older than Sarah. So If, you take Sarah in her mid-teens that puts him in his late thirties. That's unusual and it paints things in a very particular light.


In the upcoming episode of Killer Psyche, we will be diving deep into the unfolding case of accused Gilgo Beach. Serial killer Rex Erman Erman is awaiting trial for the murder of three women with many more victims still being linked to him now a recently released tell All bail application goes into unusual details and lengths to keep him locked away, revealing shocking updates about the case. Listen, as we take a closer look into the newly revealed evidence and charges, bringing new insight into what we already know about the case and what may have motivated him, follow Killer Psyche on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to Killer Psyche and more Exhibit C, true crime shows like Morbid and the Kill List early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus. Check out exhibit C in the Wondery app for all your true crime listening


In the Pacific Ocean. Halfway between Peru and New Zealand lies a tiny volcanic island. It's a little known British territory called Pitcan, and it harbored a deep, dark scandal. There wouldn't be a girl on Pitcan once they reached the age of 10. That would still a virgin. It just happens towards I'm journalist Luke Jones and for almost two years I've been investigating a shocking story that has left deep scars on generations of women and girls from Pitcan. When there's nobody watching, nobody going to report it, people will get away with what they can get away With. In the Pitcan Trials, I'll be uncovering a story of abuse and the fight for justice that has brought a unique lonely Pacific island to the brink of extinction. Listen to the Pitcan Trials exclusively on Wondery Plus Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify.


Sarah's sister Rachel is the real hero in many ways here. She broke into Sarah's laptop, she guessed the password, and she finds those damning text messages between message Sarah and Ryan. How important was this evidence? I think it was critically important. The texts really show three things. First, she complains of sleeplessness and anxiety, and there's a text in which he's saying, I'm paraphrasing, I can give you an injection that will take care of your anxiety. In seconds After that we see texts in which Sarah begins asking for these drugs. She's imploring him to bring home drugs like ketamine, propofol, which are dangerous and in combination with each other, especially dangerous.


And he is bringing them home. That's what the texts suggest. And finally, on at least one occasion, there's a text that shows Dr. Ryan actually administering a drug to Sarah. And it's a text in which he says, If, you wake up, I've just given you ketamine, something to that effect. And now I'm changing. According to authorities, this shows he's actually administering the drug to her in her sleep. I thought that that text message was the most damning because you obviously can't give permission when you're unconscious. And I have to admit, while I was listening to the hour, like I said earlier, I kept on thinking, but she's a willing participant in this until that text message.


So Sarah's sister, Rachel, she took photos of the surgical drugs in Sarah's house both times that she visited in 2021. Sure. I, and I'll just say the photos were critically important. Rachel takes photos around the house on two occasions in 2021 where they discover medical paraphernalia. And then there are photographs taken at the, so-called crime scene where Sarah is discovered, first responders misinterpret the scene of Sarah's death. Authorities said they're used to drug overdose cases involving things like heroin where you find tinfoil, you find burnt spoons, you find shoe laces as tourniquets.


That's not what they found around Sarah Harris. She was surrounded by gear that looked like it was from a medical setting. It was medical grade equipment with plastic wrappers, syringes and vials of surgical anesthesia. First responders aren't typically trained to look for that kind of stuff. That's what we learned. And it took a very particular kind of cop, a cop with expertise and for in pharmaceutical investigations, to look at these photos to see this case in an entirely different way. He looked at those photos, he sort of read between the pixels, If you will of these photos, and what he saw was a different kind of drug overdose.


and that went a long way, both in making his case with prosecutors and in trying it in front of a jury. So you were talking about Detective Ian Aiello, who is the expert in pharmaceutical investigations. If he had not been assigned to this case, could Ryan have gotten away with murder? I think he certainly could have. The investigation, I think we could say was dormant after first responders talked to Dr. Ryan, who was on the scene, who provided an account of his girlfriend Sarah Harris' Life, which included struggles with mental health, struggles with substances, and in fact, even included, according to Dr. Ryan, a previous overdose in which Dr. Ryan said he brought Sarah back, was able to resuscitate her.


So what he was doing with authorities was essentially establishing an ongoing pattern of certain emotional, mental, psychological struggles. Sarah had problems with substance abuse and when you have a doctor on the scene of a death telling you in fairly medical terms what he thinks happened, you don't have any glaring evidence, at least not yet. To the contrary, police said you tend to take his word for it. So in 2023, Ryan is found guilty of depraved heart murder as well as involuntary manslaughter and drug charges. Then months later in 2024, a judge is sentenced him. And this is, I actually gasped 'cause I was thinking, how many years can you really get for this?


A judge sentenced him to 45 years, well above the sentencing guidelines for this combination of crimes. I, I wondered, was this about sending a message precisely because he was a doctor and he should have known better? Yes, I think so. First, let's unpack the charges. He got a total of 45 years. About five of those years had to do with the drug charges. So he's left with 40 for depraved heart murder. So this man has a very, very stiff sentence that's handed to him that seemed to us and to experts. We talked to clearly to be a sort of a message that the judge is trying to send to the medical community.


You cannot go rogue and sort of give or sell drugs that your patients shouldn't be taking to them. And if they wind up getting into trouble and die, you are on the on the hook in a big way. And If, you don't have to look far around the United States to see this kind of thing happening. And the headlines, very recently you saw doctors charged in connection with Matthew Perry's death. And in fact though many of the specifics are not analogous, one of the drugs was ketamine, one of the same drugs that Sarah Harris had in her system. I think increasingly we're seeing You know the justice system say, no, wait a minute, there are differences between You know conducting surgery and it goes bad.


Or You know prescribing a drug that someone has a bad reaction to that is clearly an error versus something a little more malicious. Yeah, I think it brings up an interesting legal question as well, and that is how well tailored is the law to situations where someone supplies drugs, which wind up being used by someone who dies. And in fact, in Maryland where this crime occurred, state's attorney's office told us that they have been supporting for some time and trying to get new legislation passed to streamline the laws, allowing for particular charges in cases where suppliers of drugs that wind up being used in fatal overdoses can be charged more easily so that authorities are not in a position of having to try to take the facts of the case square peg, fit it into a charge that preexisting charge round hole.


Yeah, I mean I can see, I, in this case it it seems sort of incredibly creative, but it worked. The, the jury believed the argument, the footage at the end of the episode of Tina at the grave site of both her son Christopher and her daughter Sarah. It's heartbreaking. The fact that she buried their ashes together shows just how closely siblings were. As you mentioned earlier, Christopher died just 18 days before Sarah. How did this tight-knit family cope with this tremendous series of losses? Yeah, it was heartbreaking to be there. And it was clear in talking to her that these, these two children she lost were not only close on the calendar, but they were close emotionally.


And I think she told us that that's why she decided to bury them in the same casket she visits often and it's, it's just every bit as brutal as you might expect it to be. I think as perhaps we've heard in other cases what the Harris family does, what Tina does is she tries to look for something constructive in all of this and pin her emotional wellbeing to that. She said when she looks back at Sarah's downward spiral in her death, there are real regrets that she has at the way she handled certain things.


And she said, instead of sort of closing in around those regrets and just suffering increased pain, she wants to use those regrets and actually highlight them for people in a way that allows people, at least potentially, who might find themselves in a similar situation to avoid making the same mistakes. And to me, that's the definition of strength. I absolutely agree with you over and over in many of these episodes. We see how powerful the love and the strength of a mother can be that they often drive the investigation, they often demand justice for their children.


And She was definitely a perfect example of that, but not just her, the family as well. Rachel was just absolutely key to this. Having suffered her own tragedy, she showed the same kind of strength. Remarkable. Remarkable indeed. Josh, thank you so much for joining us today. Been my pleasure. Thanks. So


If, you like this series Post Mortem, rate and review, 48 hours on Apple Podcasts and Follow 48 hours wherever you get your podcasts. You can also listen ad free on Amazon Music, Wondery Plus, and in the Wondery app, or with a 48 hours plus subscription on Apple Podcasts. And thank you again for listening. If, you like this podcast, you can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


As a kid growing up in Chicago, there was one horror movie I was too scared to watch. It was called Candyman. The Scary Cult Classic was set in the Chicago Housing project. It was about this supernatural killer who would attack his victims if they said his name five times into a bathroom mirror. Candyman Candyman Candy. Now we all know chanting the name won't make a killer magically appear. But did You know that the movie Candyman was partly inspired by an actual murder? I was struck by both how spooky it was, but also how outrageous it was. We're gonna talk to the people who were there and we're also going to uncover the larger story. My architect was shocked when he saw how this was created. Literally shocked And will look at what the story tells us about injustice in America. If, you really believed in tough on crime, then you wouldn't make it easy to crawl into medicine cabinets and kill our Women. Listen to Candy Men, the true story behind the bathroom Mirror murder early and ad free on Wondery Plus in the Wondery app,


Hotshot Australian attorney, Nicola Gaba was born into legal royalty, her specialty, representing some of the city's most infamous gangland criminals. However, while Nicola held the Underworlds Darkest Secrets, the most dangerous secret was her own. She's going to all the major groups within Melbourne's underworld and she's informing on the mall. I'm Marsha Clark, host of the new podcast, informants Lawyer X. In my long career in criminal justice as a prosecutor and defense attorney, I've seen some crazy cases and this one belongs right at the top of the list. She was addicted to the game she had created, she just didn't know how to stop. Now, through dramatic interviews and access, I'll reveal the truth behind one of the world's most shocking legal scandals. Listen to informants lawyer X exclusively on Wondery Plus. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify and listen to more Exhibit C. True crime shows early in ad free right now.