
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


Even If. you love the thrill of true crime stories as much as I do. There are times when you wanna mix it up, and that's where Audible comes in with all the genres you love and new ones to discover. Explore thousands, thousands of audio books, podcasts, and originals with more added all the time. Listening to Audible can lead to positive change in your mood, your habits, and even your overall wellbeing. And, you can enjoy Audible anytime while doing household chores, exercising, commuting, You, name it. There's More to imagine when you listen. Sign up for a free 30 day Audible trial and your first audio book is free. Visit Audible dot ca


It just stares at me smiling This Friday. Discover what hides behind the smile. Smile two radar. Hello listeners, I'm your host Annmarie Green and welcome to another episode of Post Mortem. So today we're talking about the troubling case of Jermaine Charlo. She's A missing mother of two who was last seen in Missoula, Montana. She was 23 years old when she disappeared.


That's in 2018 now, six years ago. So why haven't there been any suspects named in connection with her disappearance? And why is the public only seeing the last known video of Jermaine? Now there is of course A lot to discuss. Luckily we are joined by CBS News correspondent Michelle Miller and 48 hours producer Marcy Spencer, thank you so much ladies for joining Us. Thank you. Thank you. So A reminder to everyone, If, you haven't Listen to the 48 Hours episode That. We're about to talk about head on Over to your podcast feed and listen to the full audio of the show. First, it's just below this episode in your feed and that come on back for this conversation.


So I think it's really important before we Even talk about the case, to talk about the context. Hmm. And You know when I started to Watch the hour, I said to myself, thank goodness we are talking about this. Because Germaine's case is certainly troubling, but she is one of many, many missing indigenous women. One of thousand I mean in the state of Montana alone. Native Americans account for what, 6% of the population, but 24% of missing persons cases. So you think about That and how many of these cases do you actually see on television?


And It, It was, It was about time to, to give voice and rise to something That. Many people call an epidemic. Certainly in this part of our nation, Jen Murphy, who is featured in our hour, has taken dozens of pictures of Native American women with the red hand print on their face. and that red hand print is A very, very important symbol in the missing and murdered indigenous people's movement. They feel like they've been silenced, their voices haven't been heard.


no one is Listen new to them about the crisis of missing and murdered indigenous people. and that red hand print is something That Jen Murphy puts in every one of her photographs and It. It's, it's saying we will be silenced. No More. We want to be heard. It's, it's such an important topic to put A national spotlight on. I'm so happy That 48 HOURS tackled this. I will say It took A year of development to get this story to where It is today. And It was very important I think for the family of Germaine Charlo we had to gain their trust and I I, shout out to my colleague Steve McCain, who really kept That going because There were ups and There were downs.


I mean this family has been hoping and praying and searching for six years. And I think It just It. It was, It was timing. Also we need the trust of law enforcement and, and that was really important with this case. So It, it's, it's A long time coming but I'm glad we were able to tell It Why, why was It difficult to gain their trust? You know, often when the media's covering an an unsolved case, you usually get cooperation from law enforcement or family because they want It to be solved. So what was It? That made them hesitant. Well this case is very different because of the fact That It is an open and active investigation.


Law enforcement is very careful. They don't want to compromise anything in the investigation. Obviously, you know for the family, yes there's certain things That they wanna say, but there's certain things That they hold back. So I think It was It was A matter of timing. It just worked out. They felt That. They could trust us and I think we were the right people to share their story. So as you guys have pointed out here and also in the piece missing and murdered indigenous peoples are often under reported by the media as compared to the stories That, we've seen many of them of missing white women. To be frank in the hour, Gabby Petito is brought up as an example.


And I thought to myself, you're right, That became A national, international story story. And we often don't hear about indigenous women at all. But the local affiliate, the local CBS affiliate did cover Germaine's story and the case extensively and there have been efforts by the community to bring awareness, right? The displaying these billboards with her picture on It. What was It like to see the billboard in real life? So the picture on That billboard That looks out Over the Flathead reservation, which was her home. It's A picture. That was A screenshot of A video That she had posted on TikTok the day she disappeared.


And when you consider That this, this partial motion in in the picture itself, you feel as though she's reaching out in A way. The actual movement in the picture elicits this reaction from you once you look at It and it's truly haunting I. Think about That often. How about you Mom? I I. Think you know It was interesting 'cause I made A couple of trips to Montana before we actually started filming this story. And I said, oh we have to drive down the highway 'cause I can see the billboard. And the first time I saw It I think It takes your breath away.


It is haunting. You see her face and I think It really brings It home. We're looking for this woman. She's A member of the Confederated Salish and Kune Tribes. She is A tribal member. She lived on the reservation. That billboard is placed there specifically. So if you're leaving the reservation coming towards Missoula, Montana, you can't miss It, you're gonna see her face. Hmm. Jermaine was online. She was telling people about her life like she's so alive still That. Yes the billboard is sort of A moment in time, but we have the ability to see so many mundane moments of her life.


That you're just very keenly aware of, of how much life there was There and and and where is It now? Absolutely and I think that's what our hour does because we are able to show the viewer who Travain is know, you know, She was funny, She was, She was creative, she did have dreams and She was A loving mother. She loved those kids. And I think That that's very important because I I do agree with you. The billboard is one thing and it's very haunting. But I think seeing video of her and the selfies and her acting silly and goofy and you get to know Jermaine. So Even though Jermaine seemed to disappear without A.


Trace investigators did find surveillance footage from the last time anyone saw her. She was with her ex-boyfriend Michael Defra who is also A father of her children. She was also talking to some other young men. But as we see in the video, she leaves with Michael. Now this video is from six years ago and police had not shared It before with anyone, which was shocking to me. Why did they share It with 48 Hours? Why did they hold It for so long? Well to go back and at once can and say this is an open and active investigation.


The video That you see in the hour, these are excerpts That they released to us. The family also did not see this video and and Watch this video with us for the very first time They knew That the video existed but they hadn't seen It and I think to the defense of law enforcement. They're working on A case, they can't share everything know. So by sharing the video excerpts with us and us showing them with the nation, so they're hoping That It will generate some leads. That, perhaps There was someone That was there That night and maybe somebody you know did see something That night and that goes, oh my goodness, you know I did see something.


It will prompt them to call law enforcement I. Think the other thing That they are thinking about is Well. Somebody might know something but has been keeping A secret and that maybe by seeing our show, seeing the video can seeing the whole story, seeing her family That, perhaps someone who May be holding something will be compelled to come forward and say something. What was It like to play the video excerpts for Jermaine's and Danny and Valinda? It was interesting because Marcy and I had two different vantage points. I was with them as they viewed the film on one side of the camera and She was looking in us In three different monitors through the lens.


I'm watching know Of course. And as I was watching It with them, It was discovery, It was It was them holding on by the seat and I I think It took A minute or two for them to process It. What did It look like to you? Marcy Well For me, I'm looking in these two women, you know, Jermaine's aunts seeing Jermaine alive, they hadn't seen her in six years and so this is their first glimpse That they're seeing of their niece and they were holding on to you know, whatever emotion That they had. But their body language to me was speaking volumes.


Well, the most interesting sort of bit of reaction That you guys showed in the hour, I thought was when she's further down the street and they say, look at her, she's walking ahead of him, she's trying to get away. And I thought to myself, why would you not show the family this video earlier? Because they understand her body movements. They know when something's off. That's the kind of insight. That only someone who knows Jermaine really Well would be able to share with investigators. Well, they signaled That from the start. I mean they knew the minute they couldn't reach her by phone, That something was wrong and something was up. It would be very unusual for her not to be on her phone know or not to have her phone With her.


And so, so much of this is A family That in their gut or heart of hearts. They feel they know what happened but no one has been called as A suspect or A person of interest. And so at this stage they're really hoping That this 48 hours episode on Jermaine Charlo is the trigger to reignite elite. Marcy, when you talked about building trust with the family, is That part of what you had to convince them of That? You know, That 48 Hours is here to help them get the answers.


Absolutely I mean. We wanted to give them A voice. I think There were A. Lot of things That they wanted to say and I think they haven't been able to say. They shared A lot with us. They shared A lot with Michelle I. Think they connected really Well with Michelle and I think they felt comfortable with us and we gave them A voice. And this is A community really in grieving people knew this woman. She had hopes and dreams That many people knew about. She's part of A prominent and storied legacy family in this part of Montana. And I think That. It's really important to say she is missed and she is loved.


And sometimes when people know That It strikes A chord with them to act.


Fans of 48 hours know There are plenty of mysteries out There to solve, but where your income disappears to is probably not one of them. Costs on daily essentials like gas, groceries and dining add up quickly. But there's good news. The free Upside app can give you cash back on all those things with up to 25 cents per gallon back on gas and up to 25% back at restaurants and grocery stores. Download the free upside app now to earn cash back every time you buy gas. Use promo code 48 hours to get an extra 25 cents per gallon on your first tank. You can cash out anytime right to your bank, PayPal or A gift card for Amazon and other brands. Just download the free upside app and use promo code 48 Hours for A 25 cents per gallon bonus on your first tank. That's the number four eight hours for 25 cents per gallon bonus.


In 2014, Laura Helen was in her home in Tennessee when she received A call from California. Her daughter Erin Corwin was missing. The young wife of A Marine had moved to the California desert to A remote base near Joshua Tree National Park. They have to alert the military and when they do the NC I S gets involved From CBS studios and CBS News. This is 48 hours. NC I S listen to 48 hours NC I S ad free starting October 29th on Amazon Music.


Welcome back. There are certain people That really stand out in this episode. one of them is Detective Guy Baker. He seemed so dedicated when It came to finding Jermaine. He put his work cell phone number on Jermaine's billboard. Why do you think he was so invested in Jermaine's story? We tip our hat to Detective Baker for A. Couple of reasons. one, he was not the initial investigator on this case. He asked to be put on this case. It was almost like his met when you think of It because at the same time That the, the family as they recounted to us was complaining about the fact That, they weren't getting the kind of investigatory response That they felt they deserved.


Here he is coming off vacation, seeing this case and volunteering and has been here through every step of the way. I. Think That. He is very, very, very dedicated. I, think That. He eats and sleeps this case. He wants to find Jermaine. He's not gonna retire until he finds Jermaine. And I and I also think That. You know, just to mention I, think we should say That. Statistically most missing people are found and Detective Baker talks about the difficult 2%. That aren't found.


Jermaine has become one of those difficult 2% she's in That category. know. So speaking of difficult, this is still an open investigation. If, you guys, you guys have pointed out That means there are A number of reports, That remain sealed. How tough is It that to put together A whole hour. We can report what what we can report. We, we, we have those court transcripts That we were able to get information from. But Detective guy Baker, the detective That, he is most of his, most of his stuff is Seal. He does not want to compromise anything with this investigation.


But he did share with us and he was very, very careful. It was, It was all strategic. I believe Well as Michelle has pointed out, law enforcement have not named anyone as A person of interest or A suspect in connection with remains disappearance. Why don't police though believe they have enough evidence to charge anyone that's A? Good question. I. I don't know That, we know for sure why they feel they don't have enough. But You know That. We know from Brittany Williams, the county attorney That, they wanna make sure That, they have every, all the information. They have one bite at the apple.


They do not wanna make any mistakes with this. So they wanna make sure That, they have crossed all their T's, dotted all their i's That. They have everything before they move forward. If this case, you know, results in an arrest, We asked That question and that is A direct quote. We have one bite of the apple. Mm, You went to the Flathead reservation in Montana, we see the footage in the hour, vast and beautiful and wide open. How difficult would It be to find A body in this area? Well, it's, think about It.


We're talking hundreds and hundreds of square miles. There are hills, There are valleys. There are wide open spaces, there are rivers, That, swell I mean. There's so many questions and circumstances and roads. That you can go down know and what happened to her If She was lost, if, if she got out of A car and just started walk I mean there's just no one knows know And can we just hope That, perhaps someone saw something and they stepped forward. The Flathead reservation is A. Little Over, one million acres.


I mean it's huge. It's huge. And you know, doing grid searches for Germane was incredibly difficult. You have to search fingertip to fingertip with A with, with an Arman. Hmm, across because you could miss something. Mm. And so imagine Even If, you have A hundred people walking along. A grid search know what, what That means. There's only so much ground you can cover Y, But they've searched and searched and searched and searched, know and searched for her and you know, haven't found anything.


You all spent an awful lot of time with Jermaine's family. It's been six years. How are they coping? Wow. I guess I would say they have good days and bad days. know holidays are tough. Birthdays are very difficult. You know, Jermaine was 23 when she disappeared And her Aunt Valinda described to me, it's the weight on your heart, the physical feeling of something sitting on you.


And you can't catch A breath. You can't quite get A full breath in That. That's what It feels like for them. Part of the, the last act of this story is about A dream. That Valinda had where she believes Jermaine now is in fact we have sound from That And had this dream and Jermaine was there and she's like, I just wanted to tell you. I found grandma and grandpa and I'm fine. And she gave me A hug and she turned to walk away.


And I said Jermaine. And she goes, what? I was like, where's your body? And she looked me dead in the eyes. She said, it's an aro. She's like, I, love you, but I have to go. That's still just me. Chills, chills every time I hear It. And we ha we went through so many eerie moments as we shot this piece. Just strange things. W while we were interviewing her aunties, the lights kept flickering on and off. There were moments walking by the river on the Flathead reservation.


That, you just I felt A brush A sensation can in the conference room here last Monday, as we sat down to view this episode, the lights went off eerily in the room And A. Couple of months ago, actually, we were talking to Jen Murphy, who was the educator and activist who has photographed many of the women with the red hand print. And we were talking on the phone and we finished the conversation. We were talking to Jen and I went out to take A walk and there was this huge rainbow in the sky.


And I thought, oh wow, Wondery, if that's germane, These things really happen. And, and we have the receipts as they say, There were some spiritual Moments. We all experienced them. And so, and with, when Valinda described this dream where she felt as though she, she knows That her, her darling know niece is no longer with us. You sense That. She truly did have this experience. Well, hopefully this hour makes A difference. You had given me something to think about. Michelle and Marcy, thank you so much. Thank you for having us. Thank you If. you like this series Post Mortem.


Please rate and review 48 hours on Apple Podcasts and follow 48 Hours wherever you get your podcasts. And you can also listen ad free on Amazon Music Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or with A 48 hours Plus subscription on Apple Podcasts. Thanks can for Listen new


If, you like this podcast. You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out A quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Have you ever wondered who created That bottle of sriracha that's living in your fridge? Or why nearly every house in America has at least one game of monopoly? Introducing the best idea yet A brand new podcast from Wondery and t boy about the surprising origin stories of the products you're obsessed with and the bold risk takers who brought them to life. Like did you know That Super Mario? The bestselling video game character of all time only exists because Nintendo couldn't get the rights to Popeye or Jack That. The idea for the McDonald's Happy Meal first came from A mom in Guatemala. From Pez dispensers to Levi's five oh ones to Air Jordans discover the surprising stories of the most viral products. Plus, we guarantee That. After Listen new, you're gonna dominate your next dinner party. So follow the best idea yet on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts, you can listen to the best idea yet early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus. It's just the best idea yet


In the Pacific Ocean. Halfway between Peru and New Zealand lies A, tiny volcanic island. It's A, little known British territory called Pit can and It harbored A Deep dark scandal. There wouldn't be A girl on Pit can. Once they reached the age of 10, That would still A. Virgin It just happens to all. I'm journalist Luke Jones and for almost two years I've been investigating A. Shocking story. That has left deep scars on generations of women and girls from Pit can. When there's nobody watching, nobody going to report It, people will get away with what they can get away with. In the Pitcan Trials, I'll be uncovering A story of abuse and the fight for justice. That has brought A unique lonely Pacific Island to the brink of extinction. Listen to the Pitcan Trials exclusively on Wondery. Plus. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify.