
Alan Reig was found dead in a parking lot in Oklahoma. He'd been shot twice, once to the head. You'd think his wife would be devastated. Not exactly. She was either the Black widow or in bad luck.


This is the unbelievable story of a fem fatal with the Trail of bodies in her wake from Sony Music Entertainment. This is Fatal Beauty. Available now on the binge search for Fatal Beauty, wherever you get your podcast.


To start listening today, Welcome back to Post Mortem. I'm CBS news correspondent Jonathan Viti, filling in today for Anne-Marie Green. And joining me is 48 hours producer Michelle Ucci, to discuss our latest report on the murders of Christy Giles and Hilda Cabrales. Two friends who went home with David Pierce after a night out in Los Angeles in 2021, Pierce and his roommate brand Osborne took the women to two separate hospitals the following evening. Both women had elevated levels of fentanyl in their systems, and tragically they both ultimately died of drug overdoses.


Both Pierce and Osborne denied involvement in their deaths at trial. Pierce was also charged with rape for seven Jane Doe and they testified about Pierce's pattern of violent sexual assault. Michelle, thank you for joining us. Thank you for having me. Before we get started, a reminder, if you haven't listened to the 48 hours episode yet, you can find the full audio just below this episode in your podcast feed. So go take a listen, then come back here for our conversation. Michelle, you have been covering this case from the very beginning. Our first 48 hours episode, I believe, aired nearly two years ago. This was before Pearson Osborne's trial. And I wonder, and I imagine a lot of listeners and viewers wanna know the same, what has it from your perspective been like to watch this case develop over the years?


This is a case that started just as a, you know, an a headline of, of two women dropped at separate hospitals. We really didn't know if it was just a drug overdose case, a tragic drug overdose. But about six days into this, I met with Jan er, who is Christie's husband. He looked at me in the eyes and he said, trust me, this is foul play. You know, I know my wife, I know something happened. I, he said, I know they were held against their will in that apartment, and he was right. What, what was, what was he like?


What, what state of mind was he in? He was in absolute shock. I will never forget it. I mean, he was in that adrenaline of trying to figure this out. I remember when we sat on his couch, he had a group of friends in, you know, in the back kitchen, and he said, I, I have to have them stay with me at all times. I, I'm scared what I'll do with myself if they leave. Yeah. And so it was, it's, it's the worst of the worst. And your heart breaks so much, especially when you spend so much time with these families. You know, I, I, I know Michelle, you and I have, have talked about this and I've been reflecting on the ripple effect. A tragedy like this can have with friends, family, and an entire community.


And to that point, I have a connection to this case in, in a very loose way. My husband briefly met Hilda at an event through mutual friends in the neighborhood I live in. Two neighbors that I could see outside my front door. Both knew these women. One was close friends with Jan ci, and through that friendship knew Christie, the other neighbor, used to live in Monterey, Mexico and dated Hilda for several years. They broke up there. They both moved separately at different times to LA and reconnected as friends. And I first learned about this case in 2021 Thanksgiving.


I had that neighbor over for Thanksgiving. He came here distraught at times, couldn't even get words out, and told me about what happened, how just the day before Hilda was taken off of life support, I asked if they were comfortable with me bringing this story to 48 hours, not so that I could report it, but just so that the story could have got out there. And Judy Tygar, the executive producer of the amazing executive producer of 48, let me know. It was already on their radar. And I can't tell you the relief that it brought to the family members of Hilda and Christie, knowing that there was this media attention being focused on trying to figure out what went wrong.


And, and to that point, Christie and Hilda, they clearly had a lot of friends and family who didn't just care about them, but really advocated for them. And I've been thinking about Jan Cilia and the incredible detective work that he did. Were you impressed? Were you surprised by Jan's determination to find Kristy? I was personally really touched, and I was also very impressed. He said I would go to the ends of the Earth for my wife, and that is what he did. When Jan was trying to get in touch with Kristy, he was out of town. He couldn't get any responses. He wasn't getting responses through text. So he went and checked his, the location on his cell phone and saw that Christy was at an unfamiliar address.


And this was very early in the morning. And of course, we learned that address was later the apartment of David Pierce. That location for Christy then changed hours later to an emergency room. So Jan delivered all of that information to investigators. I was speaking with Detective Jonathan Vander Lee, who told me, without that information, connecting the dots would've been so much harder, could have taken days, if not longer, to pinpoint what exactly had happened. Absolutely. And this was a case where, oh, it looks like a, they were parting, they were doing drugs. Very easy to write this case off. So early on, Jan posted on social media about the case looking for information.


And he received messages from women who had bad experiences with Mr. Pierce, who were sexual assault victims themselves. And he had encouraged them to go forward to police In the hour. We talk about how police learned that while Christie and Hilder were in the apartment, Pierce's downstairs, neighbor heard someone moaning in pain on and off for six hours. Now, neither Pierce Osborne nor their friend, Michael osba, who was also in the apartment at the time, called for help osba, we needed to point out he was charged. Those charges were eventually dropped due to insufficient evidence.


That downstairs neighbor, though also didn't call for help, which initially, I, I had the question why, but during our reporting, we found out that there was more to this story. Can you explain? The Woman who lived there was about to call the nine one one, and her husband said, no, no, you don't wanna mess with David Pierce, just let it go. Mm. And she ended up not calling, unfortunately. And that just shows how this man sort of instills a sense of fear that, you know, people do not wanna mess with him. You know, David Pierce was maintaining very early on, and really throughout that he was just trying to help Christie and Hilda.


But I think about those six hours, and I know it's so difficult to think about where you had, and I, I, I think we later learned it was believed to be Hilda that was moaning and pain for so long. Those aren't the actions of someone that's trying to help them. And there's another layer to this, 'cause we weren't able to get to all of this in the show, but the men first attempted to drop Christie off. Remember Christie was the first person that was taken to a hospital. They went to one that was closest to their home, to Cedars, which is about an eight minute drive. They went to the back entrance of the hospital. They were told that they needed to go to the front entrance. But David Pierce, according to Osborne's testimony, didn't wanna do that. So instead they drove to a completely different hospital, Southern California hospital, 20 minutes south of their home.


Does that sound like the behavior of people that are trying to provide swift help? No, no. I mean, none of, none of his actions add up. They didn't leave their names at the hospitals. They were disguised, you know, no license plates on the cars, all of that. I want to shift gears and dig into really the main update in this hour, which is the trial detective told me, and we always knew this, that it would be a tough case to prosecute because there was evidence that Chris Ann Hilda voluntarily took recreational drugs that night. And ultimately that's why the DA asked other women to come forward to share their experiences with Pierce.


Michelle, you attended the trial. You heard several of those Jane Doe testify. What was that like for you? First of all, it was one of the most fascinating trials I have ever sat in. There were 12 women in total, seven Jane Doe who had allegations of rape by Mr. Pierce and the other, the others sexual assault experiences. They stacked those women up one by one, by one by one, all 12 of them with the same similar eerie stories. I met this man, he promised me a career.


He was a Hollywood producer. He gives me a drink, it tastes a little salty. All of a sudden I can't remember anything. And the next memory, he, I wake up and there's someone on top of me. You know, it's story after story after story. And then the prosecution brings in Christine Hilda's story. It was a really powerful way to prove this man's pattern and how he preys off of power and control. They really created a, a a, an mo a a way of, of consistent behavior. This, this pattern that ultimately led to the deaths of Kristi Hilda.


Absolutely. I have kind of a two-part question for you, because we spoke with Jackie to the jury. She was known as Jane Doe number two. She was brave enough to share her story with us as well. But our interview with her was postponed a few times because there was still that fear. You were in communication with Jackie during this process. What was that fear? She was scared of David Pierce ever seeing the light of day, you know, if there was a mistrial or something like that. Hmm. She, you know, described him to me as a very dangerous person. And that's what he does. He intimidates people. He scares them so that they are silent.


She told me once I hear that guilty, we will talk. But until then, I, I, she was, she was too scared to do the interview, which I totally respected. And Jackie is a, a real inspiration in herself. She came to LA to, to go to law school and she was looking for a, an apartment. And that's how she came across David Pierce through a Craigslist ad. And he had her come to the apartment, offered her a drink, she takes the drink, and then she's blacked out. And her next memory, she wakes up and she fights this man off of her. This is how bad she was drugged was that she couldn't even feel her legs.


So she's crawling down his apartment stairs, screaming and runs to her car, and stays in her car long enough to sober up. She truly fought for her life. Mm. This forever changed her life, forever haunted her. She did a lot of work and therapy, and she is an remarkable woman who's become an attorney who wants to help other victims. And she is you, you know, you will see her on the episode. She stares right at the camera, and she's brave. And yes, she speaks for Christie, she speaks for Hilda, she speaks for herself. And she speaks for all the women who have been silenced by Mr. Pierce and who've been harmed by Mr. Pierce.


I think about the power dynamic. His apartment, David Pierce's apartment was the place where he was in power. But then during the trial that power shifts, you have the Jane Doe people like Jackie, Jane Doe number two now in power. And what struck me was the image that emerged of David Pierce, at least him now after being in jail for several months or years. And how much he changed very much. Not the producer, he pretended to be this younger looking guy with his dark hair. What we saw was a man with gray hair wearing glasses who looked at times defeated.


Yeah. The, the women who testified some sometimes had a hard time pointing him out. Hmm. Because they couldn't recognize him. Yeah, I could understand. And so different than what the prosecutor pointed out in his photos that quote unquote Zoolander face, that duck face that he put on in his photos. He just was stripped down. The real David Pierce was sitting there in court.


Alan Reig was found dead in a parking lot in Oklahoma. He'd been shot twice, once to the head. You'd think his wife would be devastated. Not exactly. She was either the Black widow or in bad luck. This is the unbelievable story of a femme fatal with a trail of bodies in her wake from Sony Music Entertainment. This is Fatal Beauty available now on the binge search for Fatal Beauty. Wherever you get your podcast to start listening today.


A Welcome back. So Michelle, another key moment at trial was when Pierce took the stand himself, and now this was against the advice of his defense attorney. I'm wondering what insight you had into that decision, and also for you, what it was like to see him testify, to see him take the stand. I mean, I only wish cameras were in the courtroom because that, that was a show in itself. And, and originally he asked the judge to give a narrative testify through a narrative, meaning he, you know, he wanted to control what he was putting out there. He didn't wanna be cross-examined like everybody else has to be.


So he was trying to control, he wanted to come out with his own monologue to set everything up. Yeah, that seems highly unusual. Everything about this man is unusual. And the judge said, no, this isn't the David Pierce show. So then he said, well then I'm not gonna testify then. And then he changed his mind at the last minute and he's up there and my God, it, it was something I've never seen before. Basically, he, he said that all the women, they all wanted him. Everything was consensual. And, and even one Jane Doe, our, the Jane Doe that we interviewed, he says, I've never even met that woman in my life.


Just straight out, lying, Straight out, lied about the night they came home to his home. I I didn't give them drugs, I didn't give, I was walking my, my puppy while they were in my house. I mean, it was all wild. And there was no remorse. There was no sense of like, I'm so sorry. Nothing. Yeah. This grand image in his head of what transpired. The prosecution and the cops say that all the evidence the state provided contradicts his story. Yeah. This didn't make it into the show, but it was something that when I heard, I, I struggled to understand initially because Detective Jonathan Vander Lee told me that before the arrest, as they were still trying to get enough evidence to bring Pierce in, he was already taking steps.


It appeared to flee. He was talking to women in Ukraine on dating apps at trial, the prosecution was able to show some pretty damning Google searches. Michelle, can you take me through this? LAPD detective sent me over the Google searches, so I have 'em right here. We have international money transfers, best places in the world to disappear, best places to meet girls in Kiev, Ukraine, strip clubs, exotic massages and sex in kyiv, brothels in Kyiv, nightlife in kyiv one-way flights, apartments in Kyiv.


How can you track someone by their passport number? And lastly, penis enlargement. Okay, lemme, lemme stop you there. Everything else you have described up until that point describes a man looking to flee and still with a one-track mind. He is wanted in connection with the murders of two women and alleged sexual assault. And he is looking for sex in another country and ways of fleeing and outwitting authority. Yeah, I know, I I, I just, I can't stop even thinking about it. When he went up on stand and explained, why were you looking for apartments in Ukraine?


Yeah. What's his answer to this? He said he was gonna make a documentary on the Ukraine war like Sean Penn did. So this plays into his whole, I'm a, I'm a movie producer thing. What's wrong with this explanation? Well, the Ukraine War had not started at the time of those Google searches. So that's what I'm saying. That's why when he went on stand, it was just like everything got debunked. You know, something else that didn't make it into this hour, but I think helps shed some light on Pierce's character is that when police first searched his home, they found, and this is their description to us, a shrine, to Ron Jeremy, for those who don't know Ron Jeremy, he's a former porn actor who was indicted in over 30 counts of sexual assault.


Michelle, you were able to learn more about who Pierce was by talking to his family. What did they say? Yeah, that was a sad conversation. You know, I spoke with his sister, Alison Pierce, who has nothing to do with the family now, and, and blames, you know, David Pierce for destroying the fabric of her family. And she says that Ron Jeremy was like worshiped in, in their household. So what he idolized, Ron, Jeremy Allison of course didn't like any of that. And she plans to give an impact statement. She wants everyone to know that he is, in a sense, a villain.


And she feels terrible for what happened to Christy and Hilda and, and what he's done to so many people. The fallout from this tragedy far and wide impacting so many people, pierce's defense attorney Jeff Fall. He argued that because Kristen and Hilda were using drugs before meeting Pierce that night, there was no case for murder. But we interviewed him and during our interview I pressed him on his true feelings on Pierce. I wanna play a clip that didn't make it into the show because I think it highlights Hal Val was really thinking, separate yourself from the defense attorney.


You're a father. Put yourself in, in that setting as you are. Would you be saying the same thing right now? Taking the role of Attorney Otomy? No. No. If, if I'm the the average person looking at this case, looking at 48 hours looking at some, some articles in, in the paper, you're probably gonna think that it's about time they got this guy that that would be the part of me that's not the lawyer That says a lot. I I was really surprised. He, he, he said that to you. It was sort of a humanizing moment for a defense attorney.


I agree. IIII was surprised too, you were in the room with me, and I don't know if this was your impression as this was unfolding. I felt like Vol was waiting for me to give him permission to say those things, that he wanted to separate himself from his client. He was struggling to balance his two hats, the hat as the defense attorney and the hat as a, a father having to digest the allegations and what he later described as a mountain of evidence against his client. Yeah, yeah. No, he, he, he was doing the best to be the best defense attorney. And, and I think he, he did succeed in that, but he was wrestling with a moral and ethical dilemma it felt like.


And that was David Pierce. He described him as a very difficult client. What did he mean by that? Oh, difficult. I mean, yes. Difficult. He stole the jury list. He stole his documents. He was trying to, to create a mistrial and say that he knew the jury. How did, how do we know that he stole those documents? How did this come out? Well, we don't know exactly how he got his hands on them, but yet the, the judge addressed in court that he was taking court documents. And I, he was warned twice I believe, throughout the trial to stop this behavior. God, if, if I'm putting myself in his defense attorney's shoes, this is the worst case scenario.


And I, I think we should point out that, that vol, as we make it very clear in the episode, he was sixth in a long line of other defense attorneys that didn't last. Exactly. So let's go to the conclusion of this trial. It was February 4th, 2025, two days of deliberations. The jury found Pierce guilty of the first degree murder of both Hilda and Christie and guilty of sexually assaulting the seven Jane Does. How did he react when the verdict was read? Michelle, We have him on camera. Of course he has his mask on, but he's slowly shaking his head like, no, no, no, no, no real emotional response besides his head shaking.


The jury was deadlocked when it came to Brandt Osborne. This is Pierce's roommate who helped transport Hilda and Christie to the hospital. He was charged with accessory after the fact. In his case, there was a hung jury and a mistrial was declared. Can you tell me if you know what's next for both cases now? So the latest is Pierce fired his, his attorney, and plans to file a motion for a new trial. The state has not announced their decision regarding Brat Osborne. You have sat with this tragedy for so many years now. You, you, I feel like have come to truly learn who Christie and Hilda were, their friends, their families.


Yeah. You know, I, I, I can't stress enough how much myself, and I know our whole team truly cares about Christie Hilda, the victims and the their families. We've gotten to know them so well. And I am mostly so inspired and amazed at all the 12 women who testified and came forward bringing justice to two women who went out to have fun one night and came in the hands of a very dangerous man, David Pierce.


And they fought for those, those women, and in doing so, they fought for their own stories. So well said. Michelle and I can't thank you enough for taking the time today to chat with us. Really, thank you for joining us. Thank you, Jonathan. It's been, it's been such an honor to work with you on this one. Same here. If you like this series Post Mortem, please rate and review 48 hours on Apple Podcasts and follow 48 hours wherever you get your podcasts. You can also listen ad free with a 48 hours plus subscription on Apple Podcasts. Thanks again for listening.


Alan Reig was found dead in a parking lot in Oklahoma. He'd been shot twice, once to the head. You'd think his wife would be devastated. Not exactly. She was either the Black widow or in bad luck. This is the unbelievable story of a femme fatal with a trail of bodies in her wake from Sony Music Entertainment. This is Fatal Beauty. Available now on the binge search for Fatal Beauty, wherever you get your podcast to start listening today.