
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today


After the Centennial Park bombing killed one person and wounded more than a hundred public pressure. And a media witch hunt pushed the FBI to find a suspect. Despite obvious holes in their case and unethical tactics, security guard Richard Jewel was pressured to confess. Listen to Generation Y, the Olympic Park bombing on the Wondery app, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Al Ledson, host of Reveal From Central Mexico to the front lines of Ukraine, we were Given an order not to take any Prisoners from an abortion clinic in Florida. A woman was just assaulted to the streets of Chicago. More than 2000 kilograms of heroin came to Chicago. In Award Reveal is your weekly dose of investigative reporting. Somebody has to say something, subscribe to reveal wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome back to another episode of Post Mortem. I'm your host, Anne Marie Green, and today we're diving into the case of Kendi Howard, who was found dead in her bathtub with a gunshot wound to her head on the night of February 2nd, 2021. Now, her husband, Dan Howard, made the nine one one call claiming that Kendi shot herself. But when first responders arrived at the scene, they noticed several things that did not quite fit with what they expected to see. So joining me now from on the road in Montana are 48 hours correspondent Peter Van Sand and producer Chuck Stevenson. Hello, Peter and Chuck. Hey Anne-Marie, how they from Big Scott Country.


Good morning Listeners. If, you have not listened to the 48 hours episode that we're talking about yet. Head on over to your podcast feed and then listen to the full audio version. You can find it just below this episode in your feed and then come back for a conversation. All right, we're gonna dig into it. What of course is unusual and interesting about this case is that Dan Howard was actually a former Idaho State police trooper. And because of that, prosecutors really believed that he had insider knowledge on just how to stage a murder so that it actually looked like a suicide. But first responders, they noticed some suspicious things at the scene almost immediately, like the broken glass in the bedroom, the dryer that was running at midnight if Dan was trying to cover up a crime.


These seem like pretty obvious mistakes. Absolutely. It, it's, it's a bit crazy it all the stories that I've ever done in which first responders come to a place, a man claiming his wife had committed suicide, generally the spouse doesn't go off and do some laundry after discovering the wife is dead. And it immediately suggested to them, well, what was in that dryer? Right? And the broken glass is an indication of a struggle that that went on. But it's important to remember that when investigators first arrived at the house, they entered that house with an open mind.


I also wanna say that Dan actually did a pretty good job of cleaning up that crime scene, even though there were some odd clues, the pieces of glass they found were minuscule. One of the detectives told us the walls had been wiped down and cleaned. It was a pretty damn good crime scene cleanup. Mm. But Dan was a unique guy. He had a tremendous arrogance, I think when the first responders arrived, because he'd been a, a former trooper, he thought he'd get some professional courtesy. He'd get, he'd get a break from them. And at one point, I've got it here from a body cam from one of the officers, Dan's actually acting like he's running the investigation.


The deputy asks him, did you kill your wife? And he, he, he flies off into a rage. He goes, F no, this will be over If. you keep this up. I mean, he's telling the officer, you're not going to investigate. You're not going to be asking me questions that are typical at any scene like that. And it was part of the arrogance of this man. So in the episode, we also heard about several concerning incidents that occurred while Dan was still a state trooper. When you were looking into Dan's background, were you able to dig up anything else about his track record? You know, it's interesting, Emery, he was, back in 2011, he was involved in a traffic stop that went really bad.


His car and the car he was chasing, Ashley kind of rammed into each other and he ended up unleashing a full magazine of bullets at the car. He hit the passenger, a woman who later died and he wounded the driver. There was a big investigation, as you can imagine, and at the end of the day, he was cleared. But some of the officers that we talked to who were actually involved in that initial investigation didn't work for the state police. They felt that it was really a bad shoot. I've always wondered because he in a way, got away with this, according to one of the detectives that we spoke with. Did this inspire him to go on later thinking, I can talk my way out of that one as well.


And You know, when you first mentioned it in the episode, I thought, oh, that may have been what led to him ultimately getting out of law enforcement. But then it turns out, no, there were other incidents after that. Back In 2013, Dan was known to have a temper. He learned that Kendi, his wife was having an affair with a neighbor who also happened to be one of Dan's good friends. And Dan put fertilizer to burn pornographic messages into his lawn. He threatened him, went to his office, threatened to blow his brains out. There's even an accusation that he fired a couple of shots into his former best friend's house, Ken's lover's house.


Chuck, as I recall, even put something in the guy's gas tank, I think to, to ruin His, he did. He put some carro syrup or something in there to try to destroy the guy's truck engine. And we should note that he spent, I think, almost four months in jail for this crime. and that ultimately led to his resignation from the state troopers. But at the end of the day, these charges were re reduced to misdemeanors. Again, if he's taking mental notes on all of this, I'm kind of getting away with this too. Right? And here's a guy who already may have sort of an arrogant, I'm the smartest guy in the room kind of personality. So this would just sort of reinforce his own belief in himself.


Right. And then we get to this nine one one call that Dan made the night of Ken's death. We heard some of that recording in the broadcast, but I wanna play a little bit more. An extended clip. He said, your son shot himself lying. It's alright. Come on Dan, I can't understand you. Okay. Alright. Okay. Hold on. Oh, okay. This just reinforces how I felt about Dan Howard.


I felt like he was overacting can, I could be wrong because You know, who knows how you react under these circumstances. But based on all my 48 hours watching, when someone's in these circumstances and they're calling 9 1 1, they really want to help first responders. To me, they have a tendency to sort of pull themselves together, get calm enough to get the information out. They're not all messy and confusing usually. And so when I heard him, I know this is a guy who's You know former law enforcement, he should be able to give the 9 1 1 operator clear information. And he's not, and it doesn't feel authentic.


And keep in mind, one of the things that really struck the arriving first responders when they got there, he'd start talking and then he would launch into this sobbing. And they noticed not a single tear. Not a single Tear. And he's, he's choking and gagging. And as you watch these body cam videos, it's really like he turns it on and he turns it off. Then he gets on the phone with Ken's daughter from a previous relationship. Her name is Brooke. And she confronts Dan as soon as she learns that Ken's dead. What was Brook's relationship like with Dan and and what did she know about their marriage that made her so certain right away that he had something to do with it?


You know, and Maria, I think She was kind of a, a classic angry adolescent with a, with a stepfather by her description. They had a tortured relationship for most of their life. She, and he fought over just about everything. He was a strict, disciplined, straight arrow kind of guy in terms of child rearing. And She was, You know more of a free spirit. She wasn't living with them at the time. She knew that her mom was not happy. And I think that when she heard that her mom had allegedly shot herself, I mean that just didn't make sense to Brooke. And she went off, you can hear her screaming on the phone, can't hear her exact words, but You know.


Dan called her to sort of say what had happened. And she had mentioned just launches into him. So we do find out that You know they were in a bad place in their marriage at this point. A really bad place for several years actually. Prosecutors argue that this is part of the motive, right? Kendi wanting to leave him. She wanted a divorce and was planning a new life without him. And certainly her friends seemed to reinforce that. But did they have any other evidence besides her friends saying, You know, she spoke to us about how bad this marriage was. Well, keep in mind what the friends had to say was, was very powerful in terms of powerful evidence. 'cause they had heard it directly from her.


But at trial they had text messages between Dan and Kenny that went into evidence. And it showed that they talked about divorce. They, they would fight sometimes in these text messages. There was some sense of understanding and of resignation, there was discussion of the finances between the two of them. And so they, there was some stuff about how she wanted to get from him in writing various things so that she could make the divorce smoother. And his messages back to her at this point were pretty rational. And so She was thinking, this is good. We're going to be able to, to get through this divorce as civil human beings.


Which of course never did happen. Oh, that just struck me too, is that she really believed in those days leading up to her death that it was gonna be okay. That everything was gonna work out. And she would tell her close friends or her family, don't worry about me. Oh, it's he's, he's gonna accept this. It's gonna be okay. And it wasn't okay. Obviously not. And don't forget too, there'd been this incident where police had come, or sheriff's deputies had come to their house to do a welfare check. And despite that, some time had passed, these text messages exchanged, and she's thinking it's smooth sailing from here on out, which of course it wasn't.


This is a guy who could be pretty controlling. But as the episode goes on, I started to wonder if that was a problem all along in the marriage. And, and She was just as a come to the point where she couldn't live like this anymore. I definitely had the impression that it's a kind of a control marriage. And in fact, maybe she had some comfort in that control when she first meets him. He's a good looking guy in an authority position, and she's a girl from a small town. And there is a certain sense from her daughter, Brooke told us that, that that sort of security was important to her. And maybe that's just a dynamic that played out throughout their marriage, that she always wanted that to some degree, that she wanted that security and that sense of he's in control.


He's seven years older than she is. Right? And, and as she got older, she became this much more of a free spirit. She was artistic, great personality, and Dan wasn't. And so I think then head started to really butt.


There are some cases so infamous that we have all heard about them, but some of the coldest cases are the ones that you've never heard of before. I'm Ashley Flowers. And every Wednesday on my show the Deck, I dive into the coldest of cold cases. I'm sharing what our reporting team has found on these stories in hopes that someone listening may have the information needed to bring answers to light. and that listener could be you. Listen to the deck now, wherever you get your podcasts,


Are you in trouble with the law? Need a lawyer who will fight like hell to keep you outta jail. We defend And we fight just like you'd want your own children Defended. Whether you're facing a drug charge, caught up on a murder wrap, accused of committing war crimes, look no further than Paul Berggren. All the big guys go to Bergen. 'cause he gets everybody off. You name it Paul can do it, need to launder some money, broker a deal with a drug cartel, take out a witness from wondering the makers of doctor death. And over my dead body comes a new series about a lawyer who broke all the rules. Isn't it funny how witnesses disappear or how evidence doesn't show up or somebody doesn't testify correctly In order to win at all costs? If Paul asked you to do something, it wasn't a request, It was an order. I'm your host, Brandon Jinx Jenkins, follow Criminal Attorney on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to Criminal Attorney early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts,


Welcome back. So even those suspicions were raised about Dan right away, it took prosecutors two years to charge him. Why did it take so long to charge him? Well, there's obviously, there's covid and there's a long process there, but there wasn't a lot of evidence on the scene. The gun had none of his DNA on it, none of his blood. There wasn't a slam dunk piece of evidence. Right. And there was a confusing report from the medical examiner, This medical examiner, it really was quite extraordinary. He'd been with the department for many, many years, but the prosecution alleged that he did a terrible job on this autopsy.


He said that she had died as a result of a gunshot wound, but the manner of death as undetermined and not a homicide. And as a result, the medical examiner, who's normally a witness for the prosecution, became the star witness at trial for the defense. Because this man was, was as asserting, even though he hadn't looked at crime scene photos and things at the time that he did his report, he was basically sticking to the, the notion that this was a suicide. And I've never seen anything quite like it. So prosecutors sought out other medical experts to review the autopsy information, go through the photographs, to come up with a new conclusion that in fact, Kendi was dead at the time that that bullet was fired into her mouth and lodged in the back of her head.


That was fascinating because it explained something that investigators had wondered, which was, where is the blood? Absolutely. The blood was a maybe the best piece of evidence that they had. There just wasn't a lot of blood in the bathtub. And without getting too gory, if somebody takes their life in the bathtub with a gun, they would expect that tub which was full of water when they arrived to be at least murky and, and, and, and full of, full of blood. And it wasn't. Right. So You know, Dan was charged with murder in April of 2023. He pleaded not guilty, and he posted bail. But then of course, there is a shocking twist in the middle of the trial.


He violates the terms of his bail. He drives to the airport. I mean, I would presume that getting anywhere close to an airport would be something you're not allowed to do when you got a a, an ankle monitor on. Absolutely. Dan takes off one night after the, a long weekend is about to happen. He jumps in his car and he starts racing toward the airport using counter surveillance techniques. According to the a deputy who was actually secretly following him, he's like taking turns and checking behind him and weaving and then getting on the freeway again. And he pulls into the airport.


And You know this time the secret detective who's been following him has been radioing back to the da. And the guy goes, bust him, hook him up. And they do. But Dan says he was just trying to return a rental car. But that's not what happened. They think they actually believed Dan was gonna cut off his ankle bracelet, leave it in a car there, get another rental car and disappear. And here's a man, remember who prosecutors have said over and over thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. And what a boneheaded thing this was at that moment. Absolutely. It interrupted the trial. It, it, it You know it was discussed in the courtroom and things, and it was, it, it appeared to be an obvious attempt to, to flee.


It's a bit of a, a wild move to make because it You know that's not gonna end well. Absolutely. Absolutely. You're probably not the first guy to think about something like that as, as sort of a getaway plan. It, it doesn't work out well. The jury ultimately found Dan guilty of second degree murder. He didn't testify at trial, but he gave a statement at his sentencing two months later. And I wanna play a little of that. I love my wife and I, her and I about that monster. I assure you that people portray me.


Jenny and I had 28 years together. They had race it down when we had mostly good bear of wife. I thought that may involve what they truth. It's not my intention to favor the court or disrespect the process that I used to believe in, but your honor is valid sense is been, I found that statement to be hollow. The judge was appalled by it. He called him a remorseless man.


It was again, an example of his arrogance. He, his belief all along the way, I think that he would prevail in this through his intellect and his, his cleverness, and it all backfired. And the statement was, was appalling to family members who were inside that courtroom. And to the journalist who knew this case inside and out, he was guilty. He knew it. And I found the whole thing disgusting. I I couldn't agree more. He's a narcissist controlling kind of guy and he's just, he was trying to sway the judge and the judge wasn't having it at all.


This is one of the, one of the more angry judge responses I've heard. That was impressive. At the end of the hour, you include Ken's granddaughter, Kenley, and she talked about what it meant to lose her grandmother and the relationship they had. And it was just a reminder that there was never one victim when it comes to these cases. Why would you think it was important to include that You know we were out shooting and we met Kenley. Kenley was an absolute delight.


She loved her grandmother so much. She sat across from me and she said that her grandmother had this collection of porcelain chickens that she had gathered through antique stores and lawn sales and things, and that she loved these chickens. And it was a real connection between her and her grandma. Well, she said that Dan to raise money for his defense had sold these porcelain chickens, which was just outrageous to her. And when we expressed some sympathy about all of that, Kenley decided then that she would speak with us. And it became a very powerful moment in the story. And actually, as somebody who has a bunch of kids, it was appalling that those porcelain chickens that he knew meant so much to her that he turned around and sold them.


But Kenley was a sweetheart of a girl. And you're right, this will resonate in her life, obviously, for the rest of her life. And we hope an hour like this will give her some peace that at the end of the day, justice was served. And we honor her grandma with this report. Yeah, indeed. Well, well you certainly did. It was also a reminder that even though she did not have her grandmother for the length of time she should have, her grandmother has such an a, such an impact on her life. It's just another powerful episode. You guys, of course are fantastic storytellers. Peter and Chuck, thank you so much.


Thank you. Thank you. Anne-Marie


If, you like this series Post Mortem. Please rate and review 48 hours on Apple Podcasts and follow 48 hours wherever you get your podcast. You can also listen ad free on Amazon Music Wondery Plus, and in the Wondery app, or with a 48 hours plus subscription on Apple Podcasts. Thanks again for listening. If, you like this podcast. You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Imagine you're walking through the park one day and you see a suspicious backpack sitting underneath a bench. You report it to the police. And upon investigating, they discover two live pipe bombs inside you rush to clear the area before they explode, saving countless lives and preventing injury. Everyone declares you a hero for a fleeting moment until everything changes and you are declared the prime suspect. This was the story of security guard Richard Jewel. After the Centennial Park bombing killed one person and wounded more than 100 public pressure. And a media witch hunt pushed a desperate FBI to find a suspect. Despite obvious holes in the case and unethical tactics used by the FBI, security guard Richard Jewel was under pressure to confess. I'm Aaron Habel. And I'm Justin Evans. Join us as we explore the aftermath of the 1996 Centennial Olympic Park bombing in the newest season of our podcast, generation Y, the Olympic Park bombing Follow Generation Y on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to Generation Y ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.


At a time when we're debating where policing is going, we're gonna tell you where the police came from. They wanted me to write about the New York City Police Department, but without using the words violence or corruption, which is effectively impossible, A story of how the largest and most influential police department in the country became one of the most violent and corrupt organizations in the world. It Doesn't matter if you're You know a self emancipated law person or if you're a free or they're just sending people back to the south, kidnapping them. When officers with the power to fight, the danger become the danger. I was terrified. I'm not gonna talk to the police 'cause they're the ones who are perpetrating this. Who am I gonna talk to From Wondery and Crooked Media? I'm Chin Kika. And this is Empire City, the untold origin story of the NYPD. Follow Empire City on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen early and ad free on Wondery Plus. Right now, join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts.