Wondery (0s):
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.

2 (17s):
Welcome to Post Mortem. I'm your host, Annemarie Green. And with me today are CBS News Chief Investigative correspondent Jim Axelrod and producer Jenna Jackson to discuss shootout at the Shaughnessy. Thank you so much for joining us guys. Thanks

3 (32s):
For having us.

2 (32s):
Yes, thank you. The thing about this hour is, you know, the story starts off one way and it ends in a way that's completely different than you expect. There's a break in at Ted and Corey Shaughnessy's home in Austin, Texas. Ted is killed, but His wife Corey actually survives. And initially it seems like this could have been, you know, a robbery gone wrong. But as the police start investigating, it looks more and more like this is an inside job. So before we get into the discussion, let's just hear a quick recap of the broadcast.

3 (1m 6s):
Before Dawn. On March 2nd, 2018, intruders entered the home of Ted and Corey's Shaughnessy killing him, and one of the family's Rottweilers Barton. Corey says she shot back and called 9 1 1

4 (1m 21s):
I closet. There were shots fired. Help me. Okay, we're helping you ma'am. Help me.

3 (1m 28s):
Paul Sayoh and James Moore of the Travis County Sheriff's Department say bullet casings were scattered on the floor. We had 40 caliber and three 80.

5 (1m 38s):
It was a hell of gunfire

3 (1m 40s):
At first. Corey Shaughnessy thought it was a botched robbery. The family business had made them wealthy.

6 (1m 47s):
Being a jeweler, you might someday be a target,

3 (1m 52s):
But Ted Shaughnessy didn't have any known enemies. And then assistant DA Amy Meredith says, it didn't look like a robbery. There were still valuables all over the house.

2 (2m 4s):
There

7 (2m 4s):
Was nothing stolen,

3 (2m 6s):
But there was something missing from the Shaughnessy's house, a handgun from a bedroom. Once belonging to their son, Nick, he and his high school sweetheart, Jackie Edison, rushed to Austin from the home where they were then living two hours away.

5 (2m 21s):
We began discussing the alarm system for the house.

3 (2m 25s):
Cory says the family only armed the alarm when they were away. Though Nick had access to the settings through a phone app. Police suspected he and Jackie were involved in the murder. But in the following days, the couple moved in with Corey.

6 (2m 41s):
You could have told me aliens landed on the front yard. And I would have believed that before I would've believed that Nicholas and Jackie plan to have us killed.

2 (2m 53s):
I was incredibly impressed by her. She's an impressive woman. She really is. She had

8 (2m 59s):
A literal shootout, like I feel like part of that even gets missed in all this craziness. She literally had to shoot back at two hit men who broke in in the middle of the night. I can't fathom that. And then hid in the closet when she ran outta bullets like, there's so much trauma. You know,

3 (3m 16s):
She had a good marriage. Like you, you go to bed and you've got somebody next to you in the bed who you love. You have a gorgeous home. You have a thriving business. That guy, that husband of yours is beloved in the community. So as you close your eyes, you're thinking, you know what?

8 (3m 36s):
This is good.

3 (3m 37s):
Life's a heavy lift and we're making it happen. You are awakened a few hours later and there is a hail of gunfire in your house and your husband's dead. Like think about how you have to fold all of that. Just, just that, just

8 (3m 54s):
That is traumatic. And then the rest of this craziness unfolds and it's the other person you love most in the world who did this. There

2 (4m 4s):
Was some incredible detective work done here by detectives Paul Salo and James Moore. They discovered these text messages on Nick and Jackie's phones that seem to suggest their involvement in hiring the shooters. But the trail kind of runs cold until Detective Moore spots a small detail on the security video from Nick. And Jackie's porch recorded just two days really before the attack. Here's Detective Moore talking with Jim about what he saw on the security video.

5 (4m 38s):
I see two individuals show up to his front door.

3 (4m 41s):
Moore says he noticed something about one of the men that made him freeze the video, something he was wearing.

5 (4m 48s):
A Green Anderson t-shirt

3 (4m 50s):
Window company.

5 (4m 52s):
A window company.

3 (4m 53s):
This feels like a break. And it only happens because you isolated a frame of the video from the security camera. Yeah. He and Sayoh drove to the window company where their hard work ran into more good luck. By sheer coincidence, an employee's daughter said she'd actually met the man in the freeze frame. Apparently he'd only worked there for a few days, four years earlier. And this woman still remembered his name. Sergeant. What are the odds of a hit like this? It was on the identity.

5 (5m 27s):
It was crazy that we, we got that break.

2 (5m 32s):
Okay. So that was a lucky break for sure. Right? But it's not just luck, because I didn't even, I couldn't even figure out why he zeroed in on that t-shirt. Something about it stuck out to him.

3 (5m 41s):
Yeah. You know, this is sort of one of the controlling principles of police work, but this case in particular, luck is the residue of design, right? The harder you work, the luckier you get. I mean, you can say luck all day long, but unless Detective Moore is staying on this to the degree he did and kept this behind in the chair in front of the, the screen and went over and over, they would've missed it.

8 (6m 10s):
Jim's exactly right. It's, they left no detail unturned and they searched and searched to figure out who this guy was, and thankfully found somebody who remembered him from four years earlier, you know, so it's pretty amazing.

3 (6m 24s):
It still makes my hair stand up in the back of my neck that that's how they broke this case.

2 (6m 29s):
That shirt would not have jumped out at me. Wow. Enough to follow up on it. No.

3 (6m 33s):
Yeah. And then once they

8 (6m 34s):
Followed up and all over the state, you know, that's right. They, they drove all over the state for like several days in a row to finally figure out which office of this window place someone remembered this guy.

3 (6m 45s):
Okay. But, but even, let's take it one step further. They managed to find someone who remembered the guy while he was working there for the brief number of hours he was. Yeah. And they remember that. I mean, that is a stroke of luck, but again, it's only enabled by an incredible amount of hard work.

2 (7m 5s):
Now we should add that the man in the t-shirt they identified in the video was not involved in the killing, but he knew someone who was, and that led police to Nick Shaughnessy and his girlfriend Jackie, who we later find out is actually His wife. Right? So, you know, the way this investigation sort of unfolds and comes together is, is really incredible. What was Nick's relationship though like with his parents? It seemed like they adored him. They gave him all sorts of opportunities.

3 (7m 35s):
Nick Shaughnessy had everything. He had two parents dotting on him. He had every material comfort, anything he wanted, so he was indulged. And people might say, well, he was overindulged and but that doesn't create somebody who launches this kind of plot, right?

2 (7m 52s):
I mean, they even helped him start his business as a day trader giving him money. Everything seems like he was on the right path.

8 (8m 0s):
And I, I think his parents thought he was on the right path for the most part. Corey said at one point during our conversations, he wasn't super motivated yet. I mean, I'm a mom of twin teenagers. That is not unusual. You know, I think they thought their relationship was fine.

2 (8m 18s):
So as I'm watching the hour, this episode is really a masterclass in interviewing not only securing an interview, but also getting answers to tough questions. Both of you did that, Jim, your interview with Nick was really something. And Jenna, you approach Jackie right after she's released from prison for an interview. I thought, there's no way this woman's gonna talk. And then she stands there and answers your questions.

3 (8m 43s):
Let, let me just hop in here for a second. Yes. Because this needs to be said, the degree of difficulty of walking up to someone who you know, doesn't want to talk to you and you approach them and not only get them to talk as opposed to just clamming up or running away or, but then tell you things that become helpful in understanding the scope of the story. No one understands how hard that actually is. You see the final product on tv sometimes you're like, oh, you know, Jenna really needs to be called out for what a top shelf job that

2 (9m 16s):
Was. And Jenna, what were you thinking when you were approaching her?

8 (9m 20s):
I mean, apart from trying not to throw up, right? I, I knew she didn't wanna talk to us. 'cause I had been to visit her twice in jail and the second time she wouldn't even come out to say hello. So she knew who I was. She, she didn't wanna talk. I genuinely always wanna hear someone's story, whatever it is. And I feel like people always surprise you and people generally want to tell their story. So I was just trying to be, you know, not intimidating and like, look, we're doing this story. You're a part of this story. We really wanna hear what you have to say. And while she said, I don't wanna talk, I said, okay, well I'm gonna ask you some questions anyway. And she just kept answering them and I

2 (10m 1s):
Was sort of caught off guard listening to her answer.

8 (10m 4s):
She had thought about this, you know? Yeah. So whatever you make of her, it at least gives a little more insight into her, which was nice.

2 (10m 13s):
So true. And then Jim, you're interview with Nick in prison after he's incarcerated. First off, you're sitting across from him, there's a glass separating you two. Yeah. What's it like interviewing someone in a maximum security prison? Do you have to sort of block out the environment?

3 (10m 31s):
The biggest impediment in a situation like that is most of the time when you interview someone you've never met before about something sensitive, you want to establish a sense of trust and that's done before the lights go on and the camera goes on by, you know, how you doing? I just want you to understand, this is what I'm gonna talk to you about. All that's out the window when you have to walk in and some public information officer from the prison is saying, all right, you got five minutes to sit down and let's get going. Tweak the camera. Let's, and then you have an hour. And this is my one shot. The first thought in the front of my mind was, look in his eyes. Make sure he knows you are listening to him, because that is crucial.

3 (11m 14s):
And I said to him like, look, Nick, you know, I'm gonna ask you questions that are not gonna be comfortable, but this is your chance to actually explain to a lot of people who are wondering what kind of guy would do this. So if you have something to say, now's the time to say it. That doesn't mean I have suspended my own sense as a human being of, oh my God, I'm sitting across a guy who tried to have parents killed. You're

2 (11m 41s):
Describing kind of the delicate balance. Yes. All the different thoughts that go through your head. And that's part of the reason why I was so impressed with your approach to him, because you did ask the questions that the outrage viewer would ask, but not

3 (11m 57s):
In an outraged

2 (11m 58s):
Way that would stop him from answering your questions. So I I wanna play part of your interview with Nick. He very quickly accepts what he did, but accepting what he did is different than taking accountability. Right. So Jim, here's what you ask Nick.

3 (12m 14s):
Were you at all thinking, what am I doing?

9 (12m 18s):
Of course, it was always in the back of my head, like, red flags, like stop, don't go the back

3 (12m 24s):
Of your head. Yeah. Why not the front of your head,

9 (12m 27s):
I guess the, the, the validation or approval from Jackie.

2 (12m 34s):
So that's when I was like, there it's

8 (12m 37s):
Best moment ever, Jen.

2 (12m 39s):
Yes, there it is. Because the whole time I'm thinking, geez, he seems, you know, really ready, willing, and able to take responsibility for this.

3 (12m 48s):
Somebody said to me, and this is the highest compliment I think I've ever received, they said, man, that was disappointed. Dad vibe.

8 (12m 57s):
Yeah.

2 (12m 58s):
So as I was watching the interview with Nick, I kept on thinking, why am I unsatisfied with his answer? Mm. He's taking responsibility. I know, I know. But it, I still feel unsatisfied. And it's because you don't say those words without breaking down, without tears in your eyes. Something

3 (13m 18s):
That is such a great observation on your part.

2 (13m 22s):
So Jackie only had to serve 120 days in jail. Nick and his two accomplices, they each got sentences of 35 years. Big difference. Jenna, you know, you spoke to Jackie and you asked her about that and she seemed to think that was fair based on her, what she says is her involvement. What was your reaction to hearing the sentences that everyone got?

8 (13m 46s):
I'm from Texas and, and have been crime reporting here for over 20 years, even 35 years for a murder and an attempted murder is pretty low in Texas. Hmm. I was kind of amazed at those plea deals, but Jackie did cooperate eventually with the police. She filled in some blanks. So, you know, that could be what sort of led them to these plea deal talks. Yeah. And I don't know if we'll ever know fully what went into that decision.

3 (14m 16s):
We, we won't. But there was a woman who survived the murder of her husband and she was a target too. And after the entire process has been completed, she is feeling a sense of not just sadness and frustration, but rage about the system not protecting her. Hmm. 'cause she feels the people who are responsible for this were not dealt with. And it, it plagues her

2 (14m 47s):
Da. Jose Garza did not speak with us, but he did provide a statement. Let's play a clip from the show.

3 (14m 55s):
A district attorney spokesperson sent us a statement saying, quote, our office takes acts of violence seriously and is committed to holding people who commit violent crimes accountable. The statement also said, Edison is on 10 years probation and if she violates the terms she could face 20 years in prison, Corey Shaughnessy says, A full explanation from authorities would've helped her make sense of something that has always struck her as impossibly wrong. So no one's ever explained to you why this enormous disparity in sentence?

8 (15m 34s):
No,

2 (15m 34s):
Absolutely not.

3 (15m 36s):
So this is why sometimes das simply issue a statement. Because I can tell you if that was done at a news conference, the first question that I'd be asking is, hang on, you do not answer the question why the disparity? So appreciate the statement, but could you please tell me why the disparity? Yeah.

8 (15m 59s):
I mean, I agree with Jim. They're not answering the question that we asked.

2 (16m 4s):
You spoke to investigators and they were convinced Jackie knew something about the murder plot and did nothing about it. Nothing to stop it. Let's hear a clip from Detectives Moore and Sayoh.

5 (16m 15s):
They're both to blame who took more action. It's Nick,

10 (16m 20s):
You take Nick out of this, you don't have the incident.

3 (16m 24s):
You take Jackie out.

5 (16m 26s):
It still happens.

3 (16m 28s):
That's a really important point. Let's, let's underscore that. Emery, you, you take Nick out of it. It doesn't happen. Take Jackie out of it. It still happens. So yes, disparity, sure, maybe, but this much disparity, I think that's the frustration and anger of Corey and others. It's not that they were, she was treated differently. It's like we're not even in the same universe of sentencing.

2 (16m 53s):
At the heart of this broadcast is Corey, not only does she have to live through this nightmare of an experience of witnessing her husband's murder, but also an emotional journey to discover that her son what could be more heartbreaking than this. Her son is behind it. When we get back, we're gonna get into more of Corey's side of the story.

Wondery (17m 18s):
Hi, I'm Lindsey Graham, the host of Wondery Show. American scandal we bring to lie some of the biggest controversies in US history. Presidential lies, environmental disasters, corporate fraud. In our latest series, NASA embarks on an ambitious program to reinvent space exploration with the launch of its first reusable vehicle, the space shuttle. And in 1985, they announced their sending teacher Krista McCollough into space, aboard the space shuttle Challenger along with six other astronauts. But less than two minutes after liftoff, the challenger explodes. And in the tragedies aftermath, investigators uncover a series of preventable failures by NASA and its contractors that led to the disaster follow American scandal on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts experience all episodes ad free and be the first binge the newest season only on Wondery. Plus, you can join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify. Start your free trial today.

Haunted Canada (18m 13s):
You don't believe in ghosts? I get it. Lots of people don't. I didn't either until I came face to face with them. Ever since that moment, hauntings spirits and the unexplained have consumed my entire life. I'm Nadine Bailey. I've been a ghost tour guide for the past 20 years. I've taken people along with me into the shadows, uncovering the macabre tales that linger in the darkness and inside some of the most haunted houses, hospitals, prisons, and more. Join me every week on my podcast Haunted Canada as we journey through terrifying and bone chilling stories of the unexplained search for haunted Canada. On Apple podcast, Spotify, Amazon music, or wherever you find your favorite podcasts.

2 (19m 16s):
Welcome back to Post Mortem. Now, the real victim in this story is Corey, who not only loses her husband and nearly loses her own life, but ultimately also loses her only son. Jimmy played. Corey, a clip from your interview with Nick in which he apologizes to her. Let's hear Nick's apology and then Corey's reaction to it.

9 (19m 39s):
I wish I could tell my mom how truly sorry I am that this is not something I'm proud of and I failed her as a son.

6 (19m 50s):
It means nothing to me.

3 (19m 53s):
Do you think he believes it? What he's saying?

6 (19m 55s):
I don't know that person. I have no idea who Nicola Shaughnessy is.

3 (20m 5s):
And Cory says there is no point responding to an apology. She was never meant to hear.

6 (20m 12s):
In my mind, I am supposed to be dead. And so I'm a ghost and ghosts can't speak.

2 (20m 21s):
It was such an interesting way of phrasing that feeling. I'm

3 (20m 24s):
A ghost. I'm

2 (20m 24s):
A ghost. Yes.

8 (20m 25s):
It gives me goosebumps every time I hear that. You know, as a parent, I mean, I just don't know how you accept that news and then how you deal with it.

3 (20m 35s):
You heard Nick's bloodless, almost pulseless tone when he was apologizing to his mom. It's, it's like robotic. And then Corey, who's working hard to keep it all together all these years later still you could hear the emotion in her voice as she's, you know, sort of, I'm, I'm not, I'm not even gonna respond 'cause I'm supposed to be dead. Like she has to still every day of her life try to make sense of the absolute senseless.

2 (21m 7s):
Do you believe Nick's apology?

3 (21m 9s):
I mean

8 (21m 10s):
He's sorry, he's sitting in prison for 35 years. Yeah, exactly. I mean,

3 (21m 14s):
You know, and no tears, no emotion. No. If those signs matter to you in terms of judging authenticity, did I feel like I was talking to somebody bereft? No.

2 (21m 26s):
It, it, it's hard to believe that the child that you poured so much into and, and we're all parents here, so we know how much the parenting process also changes us. We become different people as a result of being parents. So I I can only imagine how difficult it was despite the evidence for her to come around to, to finally sort of believe that he was part of this plot. What's your take on that process that you talked about it, why it took so long?

8 (21m 55s):
I mean, I, I think as a mom, if you told me one of my twin boys plotted to kill me, I would immediately think you were trying to frame them. Like, no one's gonna believe that, you know? And I think she, she felt like a suspect in the beginning. And so then I think she was like, well, they're just grasping for straws now. They're going after my kid. That's not gonna happen. You know, one of her attorneys told me a story at one point, there was a moment of realization for her that was heartbreaking. She was in a conference room at the law firm and this was after Nick had admitted to everything had been presented with all the evidence and you know, Jackie had already turned against him and he was about to take this plea deal.

8 (22m 37s):
And it took up till that point for Corey to hear every piece of the evidence connected and laid out in front of her. And this attorney said, you could see it just wash over her. Oh my God. He really did this. Like, and she had to leave the room because she got so emotional. And then she came back and she was like, okay, like, what's the next step?

3 (22m 58s):
I, I thought about this a lot afterward, like as in my particular case as a parent, at the end of the day, as you get to be older, really what, what else matters? Your relationship with your kids, with your family, with what you're gonna leave behind. Those are your fingerprints and footprints. And I just kept thinking about Corey as she gets older, she will not have the luxury of being able to fold in even more, grasp even tighter to her kid. She has to do just the opposite, which is figure out emotionally how she can, how she can forget 'em.

8 (23m 41s):
Mm. Move on. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

2 (23m 44s):
So to to your point, Jim, when you ask Cory how she feels about her son now, she says something really interesting. I wanna play some of that sound.

3 (23m 57s):
Do you still love your son?

6 (23m 60s):
I love the person I knew to be my son before this happened.

3 (24m 5s):
You love that 8-year-old boy racing cars with his dad?

6 (24m 8s):
Yes.

2 (24m 10s):
I don't know how you do both.

3 (24m 12s):
Yeah. You know, Corey's got a life sentence of her own, if you think about it. She's, she's got this uphill emotional climb I feel for her.

8 (24m 26s):
I do too. She's in an impossible situation, you know, there's no good answer. And at some point, even if it's the full 35 years from now, her son's gonna walk out of prison. So, you know, it makes it even more difficult.

3 (24m 41s):
You know, you asked about how do you interview Nick in prison? I gotta be honest with you, I thought more that that was easy in a sense. Like I knew where the lines were, I knew what my objectives and goals were. It was more complicated to sit down with Corey because I had to also establish a safe sort of interview space. I've interviewed murderers before. I've never interviewed somebody whose kids or son and, and prospective daughter-in-law where plotting to kill her. Like I had never done that before.

3 (25m 21s):
And, and I didn't quite know where the lines were or how to get Corey to be able to talk about some of this stuff, but I was much more intimidated trying to get Corey's story out of her than Nick's out of him. Yeah.

2 (25m 33s):
Yeah. I totally, I totally agree. Lastly, you end the hour with a postscript that reads as a parole requirement for the next 10 years. Jacqueline Edison must spend the night in jail on the anniversary of Ted Shaughnessy's murder. In your experience reporting true crime. Is this unusual?

3 (25m 54s):
I've never heard of it, Jenna.

8 (25m 56s):
I have never heard of it. I think it's sort of brilliant. I mean,

3 (26m 1s):
It is brilliant. It is. However, there are the other 364 nights of the year.

8 (26m 6s):
That's right. I mean, it's still, it still seems like getting off easy compared to her cohorts who are every night in prison. But you know, I, I did think it was an interesting thing that was in addition to this probation that I have never heard of before.

2 (26m 25s):
Well, it was a great hour. Fantastic storytelling, incredible interviewing. Thank you so much for joining us this week.

3 (26m 32s):
Thanks for having us.

8 (26m 33s):
Thank you.

2 (26m 36s):
So join us next Tuesday for another Post Mortem and watch 48 hours. Saturdays ten nine Central on CBSS and streaming on Paramount Plus. And if you are liking the show, please rate and review 48 hours on Apple Podcasts and follow 48 hours wherever you get your podcasts.

Wondery (26m 54s):
And you can also listen ad free on the Amazon Music and Wondery app, or with a 48 hours plus subscription on Apple Podcasts. If you like this podcast, you can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at wondery.com/survey.

Boston Globe and WNYC's On the Media (27m 16s):
Harvard is the oldest and richest university in America. But when a social media fueled fight over Harvard and its new president broke out last fall, that was no protection. Claudine Gay is now gone. We've exposed the DEI regime and there's much more to come. This Is the Harvard Plan, a special series from the Boston Globe and WNYC's on the media to listen. Subscribe to on the Media, wherever you get your podcasts.

Wondery (27m 46s):
They say Hollywood is where dreams are made. A seductive city where many flock to get rich, be adored and capture America's heart. But when the spotlight turns off, fame, fortune and lives can disappear in an instant. When TV producer Roy Radden was found dead in a canyon near LA in 1983, there were many questions surrounding his death. The last person seen with him was Laney Jacobs, a seductive cocaine dealer who desperately wanted to be part of the Hollywood elite together. They were trying to break into the movie industry, but things took a dark turn when a million dollars worth of cocaine and cash went missing. From Wondery comes a new season of the hit Show. Hollywood and Crime, the Cotton Club Murder, follow Hollywood and Crime, the Cotton Club Murder on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcast. You can binge all episodes of the Cotton Club murder early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus

Wondery (28m 47s):
Dracula, the ancient vampire who terrorizes Victorian London blood and garlic bats and crucifixes. Even if you haven't read the book, you think you know the story. One Of the incredible things about Dracula is that not only is it this wonderful snapshot of the 19th century, but it also has so much resonance. Today The vampire doesn't cast a reflection in the mirror. So when we look in the mirror, the only thing we see is our own monstrous abilities From the host and producer of American History Tellers and History Daily comes the new podcast, the Real History of Dracula. We'll reveal how author Bram Stoker rated ancient folklore, exploited Victorian fears around sex, science and religion, and how even today we remain enthralled to his strange creatures of the night. You can binge all episodes of the real history of Dracula exclusively with Wondery Plus join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify.