
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


When you are a small business owner, you don't just wear one hat, you wear all of them. You are a self-starter, a go-getter, A do-it-yourselfer. And when it comes to marketing, constant contacts here to back you from email to social media and events, our digital marketing platform connects you with more customers to grow your business. And with local support, we are with you every step of the way. Constant contact dedicated to small business. Try it free@constantcontact.com.


On your next great adventure, check into Abode Hotels. So this time you can bring the whole family, make yourself at home, or go wild, immerse your senses and seize the night. Even If. That means staying in Find a Boat, hotels across the Canberra region and beyond.


Welcome back to Post Mortem. I'm your host, Annemarie Green. And this week we are discussing the case of Eileen Seiden, who's brutally murdered at a motel while on a road trip with her two romantic partners. So what really happened in room 15? Well, let us talk to people who actually visited the room to report on this case. Joining me today, our 48 Hours Correspondent Peter Van Sant and Producers Lauren White and Richie Fetzer, thank you so much. It's great to sit down with you guys again. Hi Annemarie. Hi Annemarie. Thank you for having us. Hey, great to be back Annemarie. And Remember, if you haven't listened to the 48 hours episode yet, you can find the full audio just below this episode in your podcast feed.


So go take a listen and then come on back here for our conversation. In April of 2018, Eileen Seiden was passing through the small town of Appalachia Cola with her partners Zach Abel and Christina Arajo, when they decided to make a pit stop at the Sportsman's Lodge Motel. But Eileen would never make it back home. You visited room 15 where Eileen was killed. What was it like to be there? I've been in a lot of crime scenes, right? And inside that room, it took me back. You know when I was a kid and watched Psycho for the first time at the Bates Motel.


It was, it's disturbing. 'cause there ends up being kind of an energy in these rooms where, where You know a battle has taken place, blood has been shed, and a life has been lost. It's just not like walking into a typical room. It's also a place, it's a very solemn place to go into knowing all of that has happened and a very sad place. And you feel that vibe? Yes. And especially, it's strange in contrast to the beauty of the property. You know you've got these peacock roaming around. We're right next to the water. It's really just a lovely, lovely place. But that room definitely You know you. You went in knowing it was gonna be a somber experience and it was.


Yeah, I always feel going to places, it's always great for us as reporters to actually be where things happened, but especially when it's a crime scene or we also went to where Eileen's body was found. It always feels like hollowed ground You know you're there to do a job, but it's also You know eerie, but also solemn because You know reminds you of why we're doing it. I was surprised that they actually let you into the room because You know it's a, it's a business and sometimes people don't like that association. They want people to forget that anything bad ever happened there. Anne Marie, I was shocked. You know we always wanna go to the crime scene. A lot of times it's You know a house or maybe a public area out in the open. This was an operational motel room. We thought the chances of actually getting into the room were gonna be slim to none.


I called the motel owner, Ms. Eda, but You know. You can't say, oh, is room 15 available? 'cause then she'll know, right, what I'm trying to do. Yeah. So I said, You know my favorite number is 14 and I would love You know how about Room 15 as well? You know and 14 really is my favorite number. So I didn't lie and I said, You know, are those rooms available? She said, well, fourteen's available, but 15 isn't. I said, oh, well You know 15 actually I really need, I work for 48 hours. And she said, oh, why do you wanna do a story on this? It's such a sad case. I said, it is a truly sad case, but You know, we have found that in the work that we do, going to the crime scenes really helps the audience understand the case better.


And we would be there for a large part of it with the lead detective Ronnie Jones. And to my amazement, she said, okay, I'm gonna move some things around. And she made that room available to us. I tried to book it as an actual room. She wouldn't let me, I tried to give her a location fee, she wouldn't let me. So she gave us that room. Wow. For two whole days for free. But that room actually is being booked. It's Booked. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Wow. So this area of Florida's Gulf Coast, it's referred to as the Forgotten Coast. But what we learned in this hour is this community has not forgotten Eileen at all. They didn't know her in life, but they've really worked hard to preserve her memory in death.


In your experience, just how unusual is this? It's very unusual. Generally when outsiders come into a community and bring some sense of, of ruin and, and shame and shock. Locals wanna forget those people as quick as possible. But the folks out there on the forgotten coast are gentle souls. They live in this part of Florida that is so underdeveloped. It's like what Florida must have been like a hundred years ago, where you have much more of the tropical feel to it. And and instead of shunning her, they, they embraced her as one of their own. And it was really special. And you guys felt the same way, didn't you?


Oh, definitely. And they put up a memorial to Eileen near where her body was found. And what struck me is it's, it's not like metal or stone or something that would be permanent. It's basically a poster and of Eileen's face. Yeah, exactly. And it says, Franklin County will never forget Eileen, and you had artificial flowers, but sunflowers, which are were Eileen's favorite flower. And her sister Francesca actually put me in touch with the person who started the memorial woman named Debbie Jordan. She said that when she heard the case, she was just so moved by what happened to Eileen that she felt compelled to do something. So in addition to making this really beautiful memorial, she also got about a dozen cards and went around the whole county and had everyone sign the cards.


And she sent them to Francesca and to Eileen's friends. And the thing I think of is, this is six years later, right? This crime happened in 2018 and here's this poster that someone is actually going back and maintaining and making sure it's still there. Yes. 'cause it's there was there when we filmed. Yep. It really is a testament to this area because in addition to this memorial near where Eileen was found, miss Eda from the motel also made a little memorial for Eileen, where every night they put up a light. They, they, they shine a light in honor of Eileen. Oh, that is so sweet. They've been doing that every night. You know since for the past six years. It's like she developed this sort of whole family that she really didn't have in in life.


In life because it was her and her sister basically against it all You know. Yeah, absolutely. So, so speaking of kind of creating your own family, this is, this is perhaps one of the more interesting components of this hour, right? Eileen was in a throuple relationship with Zach Abel and Christina Arajo. I've had to delete my search history thanks to you Peter, on my work computer because You know I had to do some research instead. Of course, this all means that they were all three in a romantic relationship. It's a type of polyamorous relationship, which has gained some popularity over the last few decades. But I think a lot of people can look at the situation and make an assumption about the relationship that Abel was individually dating both Eileen and Arajo By all accounts, from the friends that we spoke to, Christina and Eileen were in a romantic relationship themselves.


Like really truly these three people were dating each other. And I think something that was interesting that David Adlerstein, the reporter we spoke to, talked about was that when this crime first happened, people in the community automatically assumed without hearing anything else. Oh, Christina must be the killer. Right? And then once we've dove into the story a little bit more and you're learning more about the evidence pointing towards Zach as an active participant. Oh yeah. In Eileen's death there's DNA evidence. His palm prints were on one of the ex the murder weapons. So people's expectations don't always match the reality of what happened. I know Arajo is basically saying this beating was started.


She participated later on. Right. But she wasn't sort of the primary person. She didn't start this thing. But I wondered about the forensic evidence. Did it back up her story that she participated minimally in the beating of Eileen? It Did. And I think that's part of what the prosecutor said to us when he interviewed is that she's testifying and she's telling a story. But a lot of what she was saying lined up with the forensic evidence they found later. So they had this curtain rod that had Eileen's blood on it and it had Zach Abel's palm prints on it. Didn't have Christina Arajo. Then there's this walking stick that Christina testified was used in the crime.


It's broken into multiple pieces. It has Eileen's DNA on it and it has Zach Abel's, DNA on it. Didn't have Christina Raho on it. The defense attorney would argue she had bruises on her hands and feet. So that to him we made the argument meant that she participated. Right. And to her own story, she participated. So it would back that up. But In other words, she was punching and kicking. Right. And the defense also say that the reason why Zach's palm print is on is on the bloody shower curtains because Christina said pick that up. and that of course his DNA would be on the walking stick. It was his walking stick. Now You know it's a shame that this is our representation of throuple. 'cause most throuple, I'm sure don't end this way.


Right. And You know or or have such toxic elements seems like there was no transparency, no communication, no, no real consideration of each other. Right? And so it was really kind of doomed from the start. In many ways, Look, human nature has to play a role in this. Three people together, sexually, socially. There's bound to be some envy, some jealousy. And it seemed to explode in that room. And You know drop all aside, this is a classic You know domestic violence case. This is a case where in many ways she was isolated because she worked with them, because she lived with them. You know she was financially dependent on them on making this work.


So she had a lot riding on this. What Kind of struck me with this one specifically is we do domestic violence cases all the time. So we've seen this story a lot of times before. And what struck us from the beginning was Eileen was really facing it with two perpetrators. She had two romantic partners and therefore she really had two abusers that she was trying to navigate and deal with, which must have been overwhelming Exactly


From the award-winning Masters of Audio Horror. Oh, I see a face right up against the window. Bree White, no hair, black eyes, a round hole for a mouth. It's flat Taylor. It's completely flat. I don't know what that is. I don't know what kind of a head is flat Comes the return of dark sanctum. What is that coming under the door? It's blood Seven original chilling tales inspired by the Twilight Zone and tails from the crypt. Get back in your car, Lizzie. It's okay. I'm here now. Josh, get in your car. Starring Bethany Joy lens. Clive Standin and Michael O'Neill. Welcome to the Dark sanctum. Listen to dark sanctum Season two exclusively on Wondery Plus, join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Apple Podcasts for Spotify


In the Pacific Ocean. Halfway between Peru and New Zealand lies a tiny volcanic island. It's a little known British territory called Pitcan. And it harbored a deep, dark scandal. There wouldn't be a girl on Pitcan once they reached the age of 10. That was still a virgin. It just happens to all. I'm journalist Luke Jones and for almost two years I've been investigating a shocking story that has left deep scars on generations of women and girls from Pitcan. When There's nobody watching, nobody going to report it. People will get away with what they can get away With. In the Pitcan Trials, I'll be uncovering a story of abuse and the fight for justice that has brought a unique lonely Pacific Island to the brink of extinction. Listen to the Pitcan Trials exclusively on Wondering. Plus join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify.


Welcome back. You have a very powerful interview with Eileen's sister Francesca, who even six years later seemed very emotional, very raw. What was it like to speak to her? Francesca was so good to agree to talk to us about something as deeply personal and painful as this. She's heartbroken. And so I approached this obviously with as much sympathy as possible and respect for her. I thanked her many times for participating in this. Think of what she's gone through along with what Eileen went through, lost their mother, lost their father.


Then she ends up losing her sister and she carries a sense of guilt. And we all try to assure her. She's not responsible for what happened to her sister, but she has dealt with so much. But she maintains her dignity. And we were just blessed to have her in this story. Why Did she wanna participate in this? She really wanted to be a voice for Eileen and represent not only Eileen, but represent their, their parents as well. And we all told her she, she represented her whole family beautifully. She showed a lot of strength. But this was very difficult for her to not only speak about the brutality of what happened to Eileen, but to speak on camera.


And we, we learned during the course of the interview too, 'cause I, some of the questions I had Yeah. That I was asking gently involved details of what had happened to her sister. She didn't want to hear any of it. And she still doesn't want to know these details. No, it's just too painful for her. But I felt like we got her trust and she opened up to give us details that are fascinating On our end. It was really watching also Peter's humanity. Yeah. And had to deal with someone that's experienced trauma and was very clearly visibly upset. And I think as you're going through an interview and we're kind of checking off questions, I think we all kind of experienced when we're really watching Peter firsthand make a decision of like, we got enough.


Right. Peter was able to tell what her boundaries were and we weren't pushing that. Yeah, yeah, exactly. We, no one's trying to do more damage here. You know. Exactly. It was masterful to watch 'cause it was You know it's emotions as opposed to thinking, Well, I mean one thing that everyone at 48 hours does to a very, very high level, but I know that Peter's always cognizant of is delivering these stories with compassion, understanding that these are human beings who are willing to relive some of the worst things in their lives in the hopes of improving someone else's life. Right. Right. Exactly. And that's what she wanted to do.


And You know these interviews are important that you're listening to them and reacting to them is far more important than the initial question. Hmm. And I think she, it was almost like a therapy session. You know as we talk, you don't have these conversations with family members. You know when I lost my mother and I'm with my sisters, I didn't interview them. Right. We don't have those kind of conversations. So it, it becomes a bit cathartic for them as well to finally talk about things that they've always wanted to talk to someone about but have not. Sometimes it's easier to talk to strangers. I think we've all been in situations like that. You also interviewed Eileen's best friend. She did not want her name, her real name used.


Right. So she's referred to as Ali in the show. Given her privacy concerns, was it difficult to convince her to go in front of the camera? Right. First of all, she has a very unique name. And she was also concerned about her family. She didn't want her family to be kind of tied to this. And when I first spoke with her, she said, I, do not wanna be on camera. I don't wanna be involved. I will give you information on background. I thought, oh, okay, that's great. Let's do that. And then as I kept talking to other people who knew Eileen, I realized that they didn't know the story. They didn't know this case. They didn't know what Eileen was going through in the same way that Ally did and You know, we've all kind of experienced that the people who wanna speak don't necessarily have the things that you need.


And so You know, I went back to Ally and I, and I asked her again and she said, You know I, I am not really interested. And then shockingly, she called me the Sunday before we left for Appalachia Cola and she said, Lauren, how are you? And I said, I'm great. I'm actually heading to Florida. We need a voice for Eileen. No one knows the story the way that you do. And she said, okay, I'll do it. And I was shocked, but I was so excited because I knew that it would really help the story and that she would provide Eileen's perspective in a way that no one else could have. I think it was an example of Lauren's soft persistence with someone that we're trying to interview because it was an ongoing back and forth.


And I mean, to Lauren's point, she knew everything and she was really central to trying to help Eileen in her moment of need. Yeah. So it's like that whole part of that story and even giving Eileen the grace that she was trying to get outta this situation. Yep. Ali was the voice to tell that story. Yeah. I can't imagine what the hour would be like without her. Right. Because she really gave some insight into how Eileen wound up there and why it would be so challenging for her to pull herself out of it. Correct. Zack Gable did not take the stand at trial, but someone very close to him was actually supposed to testify on his behalf, his own mother, Kimberly Clark. But that never happened.


So to explain why I wanna play parts of your interview with defense attorney Alex Morris, that actually did not make it into the hour. So what happened? Why didn't she testify In 25 coming on 26 years? I never experienced this. She was here in Appalachia prepared to testify under subpoena in a motel room. I'd been here for three days, four days. She's gonna testify. The next day. The woman who came up with her get a phone call from her, it's frantic, says Alex, you need to come to the motel. Why Kim's dead?


I said, you gotta be kidding me. So my first thought was don't call me. We need to call 9 1 1. But I went to the motel and oh my gosh. I mean she's deceased. Of course my brain's Wait, wait A minute. Did she have a heart attack? Did she, she didn't take her own life. No. So we know now natural causes, the medical examiner's report heart problems and and things of that nature. If Zach's mother had lived and testified, might there have been a different outcome? Yes. Really. Well, I mean, what was she gonna say that made the defense attorney so confident?


Abel had to be humanized and his mother was the person who was gonna be able to do that. I lived in England for a while where the accused very often testify in America, it's just the opposite. They rarely do. He chose not to take the stand. And so when you do that, you're defined by your enemies. Unless you have someone like your mom who will take the stand and humanize this guy, Alex Morris said it hurt the case. 'cause they lost that element. Alex had mentioned to us too that Kimberly Clark was potentially going to kind of back up the story of Christina as being more of an aggressor in this relationship and really paint that picture a little bit clearer.


And she wasn't just You know Zach's mom, she was also their roommate. She lived with the throuple. It's a good point. Around the time. I know she, I know she lived with the Throuple around the time of April, 2018, right before this road trip. And she was there for that big fight that kind of started the road trip. So she could have really gi given some insight, She insider view and You know we wrestled with including this detail in the hour. But Yeah, ultimately why didn't that detail make it in just time or It's time. You know we have an hour to tell a story And You know to Zach Abel's credit Alex Morris offered him the opportunity You know, should we see about delaying or maybe se seeking a mistrial because of this? This was a big You know character witness for us.


And Zach said, no, let's keep going. Alex brought up to us. That might be a reason that he could appeal. 'cause Right. A judge might look at that and say, well, he made that decision, but he wasn't in the right head could under dur head space under Exactly. He was grieving his mother in that moment. So that's Fascinating. As you mentioned, Abel didn't testify at trial, but he did make a statement during his sentencing more than two months later, 48 hours was there that day. What was the reaction in the courtroom like to hearing Abel speak? We were very excited to hear what he was going to say. And his statement was that he loved Eileen and that actually this road trip was kind of a little bit of a, a love trip for him and Eileen.


And he claimed he proposed to her on the trip with a ring pop and You know it's the specificity of it. You know. It wasn't just, I proposed, I proposed with a ring pop, but we were kind of very shocked by that because by the prosecution standpoint, you killed her maybe what, a week or two after that. But he said that they loved each other. They were going to start a family together and they were gonna get away from Christina. That was his whole thing. They were, their whole plan was to get away from Christina. Yeah. And we are hearing this, I mean, we're processing this and then the judge is also hearing the statement and then sentence is able and gives him the maximum and actually says that he wishes, I'm paraphrasing, but effectively he was saying that he wished he could give him a harsher sentence and he'd sentenced him to life.


Right. So what does that mean? I mean, I don't know that I've heard a judge personally express anything like that before. So, right. Because remember the details were explained in court with photographs and everything else of her body. Yes. What was done to that woman is as shocking a killing as I've ever seen on any 48 hours. And I've been doing this for a couple of decades. It was a shocking killing and that that was the undercurrent for all of this. So that as the judges listening to him express regret, he has the, the memory of those photographs. Right. Who knows what was done. So then what about Christina Arajo sentencing? Because I mean, between the two of them, she made out much, much better.


Christina Arajo in the end, the, her judge was a different judge than Abel's Judge sentenced her to 25 years. So she could have gotten life in prison like him. But she got a lesser sentence of 25 years. And he acknowledged her cooperation with testifying for the prosecution. A lot of Eileen's friends and loved ones were really nervous that because of the connections that Christina had bragged about for all of these years, according to them, that she might just get a slap on the wrist. But clearly she did not. I mean, it's Not life. It's Not life, but it's not a walk. Absolutely. So Arajo always bragging right about her dad. Right. And I thought to myself, I, well, like why does she keep saying this?


Like, was she a problem child before? Had her dad helped her out before, but now we've You know, elevated to a level where you're like, sorry kid, I can't help you. I mean, did we find out any sort of more background on her? I mean, there's a lot of rumors, right? There's a lot of things that friends and other people have speculated as far as evidence. I mean, we haven't seen any. Right. And he spoke at her sentencing and was pretty clear that he had never used his influence to help her. And I mean, I think was pretty eloquent in saying that, so, oh, for Sure. I think she just tried to use it to intimidate. It was a power play. I've got this dad who can make things happen and will protect me nothing more than that. He turns out to be based on all of our reporting, a very straight arrow guy.


And he told his daughter, you're going to admit what you've done and you're gonna pay the price for what you've done. So just the opposite. He, he did his job as a, as a lawman and, and he was in a way kind of a hero in this case For all of her bragging and all of the alleged threats she made to Eileen about her father, about her powerful connections. When push came to shove, he turned her in. The father turned her in. And to his story was influential in her pleading guilty. Wow. Well I'm sure absolutely devastating when you dedicate your life to Yeah. Law and order to have a child that you then have to have to turn in. So at the end of the episode, Eileen's best friend Ali expressed her hope for more compassion towards those trapped in abusive relationships.


And I think that you are helping to fulfill her hope for sure by sharing Eileen's story. This is a great hour You know, and I hope that ultimately people also learn from this hour. Peter, Lauren, Richie, I wanna thank you guys so much. Thank you. Thank You for having us. If you or someone You know is a victim of domestic violence, contact the National Domestic Violence Hotline. That number is 1 807 9 9 7 2 3 3. If you like this series, Post Mortem. Please rate and review 48 hours on Apple Podcasts and follow 48 hours wherever you get your podcasts.


And you can also listen ad free on Amazon Music, Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, or with a 48 hours plus subscription on Apple Podcasts. Thanks again for listening. If you like this podcast, you can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at wondery.com/survey.


Hello? Yeah, that is a lot of space. Whatcha gonna do with it? Make big plans with the Amex Business Gold plus card. It comes with funding solutions to support cashflow. Three points per $1 spent at selected businesses and up to $550 back on selected business spend each year. Amex Business Gold plus just one of our cards for businesses on the grow. That's the powerful backing of American Express enrollment required annual threshold TNCs and exclusions apply. Benefit ends 31st December, 2026.


Did You know that after World War ii, the US government quietly brought former Nazi scientists to America in a covert operation to advance military technology, or that in the 1950s, the US Army conducted a secret experiment by releasing bacteria over San Francisco to test how a biological attack might spread without alerting the public. These might sound like conspiracy theories, but they're not. They're well-documented government operations that have been hidden away in classified files for decades. I'm Luke Lamana, a Marine Corps recon vet, and I've always had a thing for digging into the unknown. It's what led me to start my new podcast, redacted Declassified Mysteries. In it, I explore hidden truths and reveal some eye-opening events like covert experiments and secret operations that those in power tried to keep bearing, follow, redacted, declassified mysteries with me. Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app.


Christine Herron was 15 years old in the spring of 1993 when she disappeared. And in over 30 years, there has been no trace of her. I did know before the night was over, she was dead. Though A story of murder and heartbreak and investigative error, He was 90% sure he was gonna be convicted From CBC podcasts. I'm David Ridin and this is Someone Knows Something. Season nine, the Christine Herron case available now.