
Hi, 48 hours listeners. I'm Ashley Flowers. And I'm Britt. And you may recognize our voices from our weekly number one True Crime podcast, Crime Junkie. Long before we were podcasters, we were true crime enthusiasts seeking out the cases like the ones 48 hours examines here each week. So when I created Crime Junkie, I knew I wanted to create a True Crime podcast that you couldn't get anywhere else. And we've been able to expand on that with our team of investigative journalists who are out in the field leaving no stone unturned. With our original reporting and in-depth research, we are able to bring you a new case every week covering everything from the most infamous stories to ones you've never heard before until now. So If, you enjoy listening to 48 Hours. We think that you're really gonna enjoy listening to Crime Junkie two. So we're actually dropping in here to share a portion of an episode with you. If you Like what you hear, be sure to follow Crime Junkie wherever you're listening, to finish this episode and to listen to so many more. Listen to Crime Junkie right now.


Hi Crime Junkies. I'm your host, Ashley Flowers. And I'm Britt. And the story I have for you today is about a young mom who sets out on this quick weekend trip, but what was meant to be a simple getaway, spirals into a tragedy that baffles her family and investigators alike. This is the story of Franchesca Alvarado.


It is Monday, March 19th, 2012, and a young woman named Mia is getting worried 'cause she's been trying to get in touch with her sister Francesca for like the past day, and she can't seem to get ahold of her. Now, she knows her sister lost her phone earlier that month, but she also knows that she's kind of rigged up her laptop for texting. So she's been using that to message people. So there's no reason for her to be radio silent like this. Now, normally Mia would just head to Francesca's place in the hunting park section of Philadelphia to look for her, but she has school that day. So she asks someone she knows to just pop over and check on her. And when that person calls me back, he says, okay, I'm here at the house and I'm gonna put her on the phone. So Mia immediately starts to breathe easier thinking that her means Francesca.


But that relief only lasts for like a second because when she hears the voice come in on the other end of the line, it is a her, but not like her, her, you know what I mean? Not her sister, it's her sister's roommate, a girl that we're gonna call Tara. And Tara tells Mia something surprising. She says that Francesca went to Atlantic City with a friend of theirs, this older guy named Tracy Williams. Two days before that would've been Saturday the 17th, which was St. Patrick's Day. And they were planning to stay out there for a couple of weeks. So she's like, it's gonna be a minute before she's even back. And right away when Mia hears this, she's like, no, Francesca doesn't do Atlantic City. Well, She does. I mean, it's only an hour away.


She's taking some quick trips there before, but she doesn't do Atlantic City for weeks. Mm. And when she travels, she usually brings her three-year-old daughter with her, which this time she didn't. 'cause Tara tells Mia that Francesca dropped a little girl off with a family friend before leaving. But there's even another reason that Mia is so concerned. You see, Francesca is about eight weeks pregnant and she has an important doctor's appointment coming up on Tuesday, March 20th, one that Mia planned to go to with her. She wouldn't just miss it. Is Tracy the guy that's the dad? No, they're not romantically involved. Francesca's actually pregnant by her boyfriend who I'll talk more about in a minute. This Tracy guy is more of, I guess, just like a friend.


I mean, Mia only met him a couple of times, but she knows that he is significantly older than her sister. Like Francesca's only 22 and Tracy's like 50. That reminds me of Jodi Husson TR and John Fane. Ominous comparison. But you're right, similar 'cause again, as far as Mia knows, there's like nothing going on between the two of them. He's just been like helping Francesca out, brings her some groceries sometimes. He's apparently trying to get her a job in real estate. And even though he lives in Philly, he actually does spend a lot of time in Atlantic City. So Mia tries to stay calm. Maybe there's some great business opportunity in Jersey that Francesca just couldn't turn down or away. I don't know.


And Mia kind of fights with herself internally, debating back and forth like, should I go to the police? Am I gonna make my sister mad for overreacting? It's gonna like turn out to be nothing. So she lets a couple of days pass and then a couple more. But by that point, Mia's sufficiently freaked out. And so is the rest of Francesca's family. And I assume this whole time she's still not answering any messages? No, she's not. And that's more concerning because Tara specifically says that she definitely brought her laptop with her to Atlantic City, but she's not responding to these messages. She's not posting on social media either. And by Friday the 23rd, Francesca's daughter is asking for her mom, and Mia can't take it anymore.


So that's when she files a missing persons report with the Philadelphia Police Department. She told our reporter, Nina, that even in 2012 when this is happening, they have the same dated response. She's an adult, she's gonna be back when she's ready. And Mia tries to tell them that Francesca has no reason to take off. I mean, she's due to start college in a few months where she plans to study criminal justice with the hope of becoming a lawyer. She tells them about how she adores her daughter. Plus it's not like her to just do something like this, especially without telling any one of her siblings. Like they are a super close group. They've had to be, 'cause they've been through a lot together. Francesca is the youngest of eight.


Her dad started serving life in prison the year that She was born, and their mom died when She was just nine. Oh. So an older sister got custody of her and Mia and had been raising them for more than a decade Now, like Francesca wouldn't want to worry any of her siblings. But again, like with this dynamic, it's like even different. And by the way, even if she wanted to take off, she has no resources with which to actually do that. No car, no money, nothing. Now, it doesn't seem like anyone from the family tried to or was able to make contact with Tracy up to this point. But I do know that he shows up to the police station the very next day, which would've been Saturday, March 24th. And the story he gives kind of bolsters investigator's theory that Francesca just left.


Do we know if he came back just to talk to police or has he been back for a while? Well, So here's what's so strange. So according to Tara, he should have still been in Atlantic City, but he tells detectives that he's been home since the 18th. The way he describes it, it seems like their plan was to always just stay one night and then come back on Sunday. So I don't know if someone just got their wires crossed or what. But anyway, Tracy's account is that he took Francesca along with a couple of his kids to Atlantic City on Saturday the 17th. They stayed at his usual spot, the Resorts Casino Hotel. But around like 2:00 AM on Sunday, Francesca decided that she wanted to take a walk and she told him that she would find her own way back to Philadelphia.


And he says, this is the last time he saw her. He didn't even know She was missing until a relative of his saw a social media post from her family looking for information on her whereabouts She just walked out at 2:00 AM and was gonna find her own way back. That's what he says. Yeah. No, yeah. It's strange for sure. And mind you, so I'll set the scene a little bit more. It's not like she's storming out. It doesn't sound like they fought or anything, at least not the way he explains it. I think he even implies that Francesca actually asked him to come along on the walk, but then since he had his kids there, he couldn't go. Okay. That doesn't really add up either. And even the way he's phrasing it like she's just going for a walk or she's walking to go home, like, is she leaving or is she just like, I know popping out for a bit.


I know. And when detectives relay this information to Mia, I mean she's floored. She's like, why would Francesca just take off in the middle of the night? And where would she even go? I mean, her connections to the city were minimal at best. She wasn't embedded in the social scene or anything. So for Tracy to leave her there or let her leave without a word, and and then not to tell anyone until police got involved, like her family's just struggling to piece all of this logic together. 'cause in their minds, as far as they're concerned, he brought her to Atlantic City. He should have made sure she returned safely. And the police are just cool with his story. They seem to be, at least at first, for one thing, his kids apparently tell investigators that Francesca was in the hotel room when they went to sleep on Saturday, and that she and her bag were just gone when they woke up on Sunday, which does align with Traci's narrative.


And they seem to think that he's credible. They say he's respectful, he's cooperative, or at least up unto a point. And that point is when police ask him to take a polygraph to hear the rest of Francesca's story, head to Crime Junkie. Now, wherever you're listening, and don't Forget that there are hundreds of other Crime Junkie episodes already waiting for You. And be sure to follow Crime Junkie for new episodes every Monday.