
I think it was on a Thursday. My wife answered the phone, Hey, we've got an emergency Ramona's missing. Just searching for my sister's car. Bad things were going through my mind. I start heading towards the RTA lot. Then out of the corner of my eye there looks like a Camry. It was my sister's car. Your adrenaline's going. You don't really know what you're doing. I've dialed 9 1 1. You you? This car? No. Where's my sister's in the trunk of this car?


Well, I ran back to the truck and I got a pipe wrench. It's right there. See a window? I reached into the trunk latch. Just pulled up on that. Okay. Greg. Greg. Greg. It is been what? Two and a half years. I miss her a lot. Still miss her More. We got to know Ramona Crow team's background. It made us more determined to find out who did this park.


One Six. One. Detective Timothy Robinson, case investigator for the Ramona Crottin death. Jeffrey Crottin is kinda like your typical suburban male. We firmly believe that he killed his wife. This was the home of Ramona Crottin and Jeffrey Crottin. And this is the house where we believe Ramona Crot was killed. My sister was home. She says she never heard anything. Never saw anything. We have a trail Ramona's blood from the master bedroom down the stairs through the laundry room and into the garage.


Being in the house, I never heard anything. Everything dead proteins felt that there was blood on. He got either rid of it or changed it, painted it or threw it out. There's no way. I don't think he did it. This is the third trial that we've had all rise for the jury. Prior. Two trials. We got pretty close. This time we'll get a good verdict. He's the man who killed Ramona Ty. Strange Truth.


People always say they want their day in court, but 57-year-old Jeff Crottin is way beyond that. My life since my wife's death has stopped, it's like I'm in a twilight zone. Crottin indicted from murdering his 53-year-old wife. Ramona has had too many days in court. He just wants it to end. I didn't murder my wife. I'm innocent. Two Cleveland juries have deliberated long and hard on ine guilt or innocence. I was on jury Number one. I Voted guilty. Jury number two, my final vote was not guilty, But all either could agree on was that they couldn't agree.


My final vote was guilty. Not guilty. Both juries were hung. Good afternoon. Please be safe. Guilty. So now at the start of S third murder trial, I first collapsed to the Ground. Mona's family and friends are praying that this time finally justice will be done. You have a calculated killer here before you. Everything he's Done Shows guilt. He's a cold individual, but I didn't think that he could do this. Mona Crottin was murdered On March 21st, 2003.


She and husband Jeff had lived here in this suburban Cleveland house for years raising their three kids. Perhaps there's no such thing as a likely murder victim. But by all accounts, Mona Crottin was about the least likely you could possibly imagine. Ramona, she was always smiling, always helping people out. Growing up, she was a tough act to follow. She was so good. Mona's brothers, Greg and Roger Wolsky say that even as kids, the Wolsky were a tight-knit clan. She was the best big sister anyone could ever.


It's hard on the family that she's not here. Patty Chesky adds that. Mona was the perfect sister-in-law. Whenever you needed something, Mona knew either how to do it, how to get it or who to ask. We used to call this family the Waltons, But there was one big problem with this happy picture, namely Jeff. How did he fit into the Waltons? Like a square peg in the round hole? I thought that Jeff was a little different, but I liked Him. I mean, Sharon Wolski is Greg's wife. He Was a good provider. He educated three kids.


But by 2003, their kids all had left home. Mr. And Mrs. Jeffrey Protein Oldest Son, Jeff Junior, was married. Middle son Jason. A Marine was in the mid East and daughter Jennifer was away at college. The Crottin house was empty and Mona and Jeff were alone though hardly together. It was as if they had just developed different lives And different interests. Jeff worked long hours at his insurance agency and when not there was often out on the water. He liked boating and she hated boating.


Mona, by contrast, loved people and reveled in her part-time job, managing a concession stand at Cleveland's busy convention hall, the IX Center, she Didn't really have to work. She did that for extra money. She Liked, you know, having, doing her own thing. Friends, Alice Smock and Bev Daley. Do you think she was happy? I thought she was happy. On the night of March 20th, 2003, Mona left her job here at the IX Center and headed off to a nearby hotel for a big party. The end of the convention season bash an event. She looked forward to every year If nobody was dancing.


We got up, we started dancing. It was like, Mona, let's get him up there. While Mona was out dancing daughter Jennifer at home on spring break, tried to stay up until her mother got home. But by 2:00 AM she was sound asleep on the couch. I told her to get up, go to bed, and I went back to sleep. At about that same time, Mona was leaving the party with Bev daily. She said, I'm tired. I'm just gonna go home. I have a lot to do tomorrow. And that was the last time I talked to her. Saw her The next morning, a Friday, Jennifer woke to find her father in the kitchen getting ready for work.


I came down the stairs like, Hey, you know, where's mom being surprised? And And your dad's reaction to this that morning was what? He was irritated, But both father and daughters say they knew the annual convention party could get a little wild. I was like, okay, well you know what? She crashed with her friends instead of driving home. So At what point then does this begin to get alarming? Her friend who does her nails called Jennifer answer the phone and she says, my mom didn't home last night. And I said, really? Manicurist Denise Roski. And I says, I have such a feeling there's something wrong. I mean, my mom just never misses a nail appointment.


And that was like my red flag. What's your dad doing at this point? He had left for work already. So your mom doesn't come home all night, doesn't call and your dad just gets up and goes to work? Pretty much, yeah. But you had gone to work that morning? Oh yes. Because truly you had, you saw no reason to be concerned? No, not at all. Not at all. Did you try to call the hotel or call any of her friends before you went to work? No, But Mona's family was frantic. I Was calling everybody seeing, They called the police who said they had to wait 24 hours before filing a missing person's report. Where do you really go to look?


Who has any idea? 10:30 PM Greg had been out looking for Mona for hours when incredibly he discovered his sister's car. 9 1 1. What's your emergency? My heart is pounding out of my chest. Please send somebody out here to check out this car. The dispatcher said no. 24 hours still hadn't passed. It was at that point that Greg took matters into his own hands and made his terrible discovery. His sister beaten and shot to death.


It's been two years and I, I still can see it. Police descended on the parking lot. There was blood all over the backseat and $900 from Mona's concession stand was missing. We just Felt it was a straight up robbery when it started. At first, police suspected a botched robbery until that is they began to get some strange reports about what was going on at the protein house, The painting of the bedroom, the getting rid of the carpeting. Why would somebody burn a headboard in your fireplace?


It doesn't make common sense. Weird. He's different. He's his own little character. From the moment Ramona Crottin was murdered, friends and family all told police the same thing. I always thought He was an ad duck.


He's a flat line. Jeff Crottin is well different. Being different. I hope that never becomes a crime. A crime. Perhaps not. But his behavior certainly raised questions. Why Weren't you out looking for your wife? Your family was out searching for While the cheskys were out looking for Mona. Jeff was keeping a routine appointment with his accountant. What could I do? I knew people were out looking for her. How could you be so cold to conduct business as usual when your wife is missing And police say odd things begin happening.


The very night Mona's body was found far as You know. She didn't go to work Friday. No. When they first tried to interview Jeff as the night wore on, his health seemed to deteriorate. It just got numb right here. His face was flushed. He looked Ill. His sister-in-law. Patty, who's a nurse, began rubbing his back. I was really Concerned that he was having a heart attack. Oh man, I'm so Stiff. Jeff spent the night in the hospital, turned out he hadn't had a heart attack after all. But over the next few days, the police didn't bother him with more questions. At that point, we did believe there was a robbery.


We did not believe that Ramona Crot arrived home. After all daughter Jennifer had been with her father in the house. If there was a gunshot so loud, I'd heard something, but I heard absolutely nothing that night. And Jennifer says she even was in her parents' bedroom the next morning. I was doing sit ups on their floor and I was sitting on their bed. Nothing out of the ordinary. Nothing outta the ordinary. Didn't feel anything outta the ordinary. Didn't see anything out of the ordinary. Jennifer provided her father with a rock solid alibi. But still she really, people began to wonder. It Just didn't jive with me.


Mona's close friend Denise Roski. I actually said these words. Is it possible Jeff did it? And it wasn't long before the Wilches were asking the same questions. On the Weekend after we buried Mona, he wanted everything of hers out of the house. All of her clothing boxed up, curling irons, makeup nail polish. And that didn't settle well with me at all. That really bothered me. Soon even the detectives were focusing on Crottin. We started hearing the tidbits. We heard about the headboard. It's like, well that's weird. What they heard was a jaw dropping story that Crottin had taken a saw to the couple's wooden headboard and then burned it.


He spy peace in the downstairs fireplace. You were in the house when he did this? Yeah, I smelled it. He's burning something. And then I was like, it must be the headboard. 'cause I heard some chopping up there, But why would anyone do that? There was nobody in this world that was going to make love anywhere near that headboard You. You're telling me that's why you burned the headboard in the fireplace. That's it. Basically. He refused to cooperate with the police. He never even asked us about his wife. The police were eager to talk to Jeff. But now with a lawyer in tow, he no longer was talking to them. Never called us to see how the investigation's going.


Didn't you wanna know what was going on? I knew my children would tell me in their communication with the police, The investigation dragged on until one day when police drove by Jeff's house and saw of all things carpet installers arriving, Starting to alter things. Here he, he's changing carpet. We had heard he painted the bedrooms. We're gonna check it out. We're curious now too. They questioned the workman. We learned that when they went into that bedroom, there was a six foot section, four foot by six foot cut out and missing carpet and padding.


That's a big chunk of carpet. But as usual, Jeff can explain, I spilled a full bottle of cossier. He says that during a bout of heavy drinking after Mona's death, he knocked over a bottle of cognac and a candle ruining the carpet. The smell of the cossier was just overpowering to me and I just cut it up and threw it away. Jeff wasn't domestic, he didn't care about carpeting. He wouldn't have cared if there was wax or cognac spilled on the rug. I just, it just didn't, none of it was settling. Well, That piece of carpet never was found.


But the cops did recover the rest and hustled it off to the crime lab. There was confirmatory test, there was some spots found on the carpet for human blood. Further testing revealed that the blood in fact was Mona's, which convinced police that indeed she had come home the night she was murdered. They scrambled to get a search warrant. But in the meantime, Jeff Crottin hired a professional cleaning company to go through the house. A company with a snappy little slogan Over 35 years of working to make fire and water damage like it never even happened.


Why didn't you have this place cleaned by professional cleaners who normally come in after fires and floods? None of these things had happened in your house. They were people that I was very familiar with. I called them and I had requested that they do a spring cleaning. So this was just a spring cleaning? Yeah, but it didn't look like spring cleaning to Sharon Chesky. It almost appeared to be, if you looked at a timeline of the events, it was like a systematic dismantling of a crime. Scene 1 6 1 2 months after the murder, police finally got their warrant and a forensic team descended on the house. Investigators found more droplets of what they believed to be ramona's blood in the bedroom utility room.


And on a step in the garage, a step that appeared to have as many as 45 blood stains. The police believed that Jeff struck Mona in the bedroom, rendering her unconscious and then carried her down the stairs to the garage where he placed her in the backseat of her car and shot her in the head. Your contention, just to make sure we understand this in any case, is that not only did you not kill your wife, but she never came home. She never came home. And I did not kill my wife. The police didn't buy it, especially after a search of his office turned up four guns. One of them potentially the murder weapon.


In February of 2004, Jeff Crottin was arrested and charged with Mona's murder. We couldn't believe it. I didn't even know he had guns. Of course, it had no idea. He had a girlfriend. Either I the girlfriend. I had never had an affair.


I had never broke a law, you know? But then 39-year-old Mary Engel went to work at Jeff T's insurance agency and the rumors began. A lot of people were saying that we were having an affair anyway. So I thought, you know, I've had it. People say it anyway, you know, maybe I'll go ahead and see what happens. And you Did? Oh yeah, yeah I did. This was already set up. Mary. I Like the big orange ones so they could see me. Their affair started long before Jeff's wife's murder Cast off, laid her off. You were in love with her.


Yes, I fell in love with her. Well, you need a longer thing. Is this your, how long have you had this? And I'm still in love with her. Did you consider a divorce? Never. Mary Eng is completely convinced of protein's innocence. I don't think physically he was capable of it. Jeff can't do anything fast. He's a slow-mo kind of guy. There is just no way. Mary says that Jeff could kill his wife, hide her body, return home without a car and clean up a bloody crime scene in just eight hours. It wasn't possible.


It just wasn't possible. And you Never asked him. I never asked him. Did do this to your wife? No. Police thought perhaps she didn't need to ask that. Mary May have driven Jeff home from the parking lot after he dumped Mona's body. How can they say that? I mean, that's not me. How can they tell people this when it's not true? I was really upset about that. There You go. Mary Engle had an alibi and never was charged. But the affair gave prosecutors a possible motive. Husband cheats on wife is in fact one of the oldest motives in the book. If I had a $5 million life insurance policy, or a four and a half million dollar life insurance policy on her, Jeff could go across the street and get a divorce.


Didn't have to kill his wife to do that. Oh, what are these? Richard Drucker is protein's defense lawyer. So basically we have an odd guy who is having an affair and you're saying, so what I'm saying. So what I'm saying, they, they've charged him because he's an odd guy having an affair, but that doesn't make him a murderer. But prosecutors moved ahead with a case that two juries so far have shown is no slam dunk. Partly because it's so highly circumstantial. Lead prosecutor Steve Dever. I don't think that we have direct evidence and people or juries have this expectation that you have to have direct evidence to, to make a case.


But this Is the CSI effect, right? I mean, juries today really do expect footprints, hair, blood, it's, it's all gonna lay out. And the guy from the lab is gonna come in and explain how this implicates the suspect. There is a CSI effect. Juries do have that expectation that science will provide the answer to every question. In fact, jurors from the first two trials were highly critical of the prosecution's case. I felt that the evidence that was presented to me was not all the evidence that could have been collected and was the most scientific. And with that in mind, I could not find him guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.


The state is stuck with the evidence it has. Okay, please Be safe, ladies, Gentlemen. But this time a new prosecutor will highlight the science and he thinks this case is winnable. I'm confident that this jury is gonna be able to reach an answer and I wouldn't be trying the case unless I thought that Mr. Crottin killed his wife 30 years of marriage. He made no effort to find his wife. He tells the jury Jeff's behavior after Mona's death is not just odd, it's incriminating. The defendant starts to chop up the headboard and he burns it in the fireplace. Peculiar Implying that protein burned the headboard to get rid of evidence.


Police did find blood drops elsewhere in the house. Endeavor calls DNA expert Carrie Martin to testify Briefly tell the ladies and gentlemen of the jury how much work is involved in doing this. What you do. A lot, a lot more than you see on CSI. But her results are clear. Three of the carpet stains match Mona's, DNA, The small little tiny speck of blood, the size of a on the head of a needle of a pin is gonna be what is going to make Jeffrey Crottin guilty in this case, In Endeavor. Insists is a blood trail. Mona's DNA also turns up in stains on the bedroom door jam.


What Forensic scientist said came from a spontaneous hit where it blood shot out. And on a downstairs wall of the room leading to the garage, The DNA profile obtained from item 65 matches the DNA profile of Ramona Protein. So what says the defense attorney Ramona Lived in the house for 25 plus years. She might have bled like all of us bleeding our own house. So the prosecution's contention that the blood evidence is scientific support for its case. You reject out of hand. Yeah, I I think it's absurd, Especially since, as Martin testifies, those impressive 45 stains found on the garage step.


Do not conclusively match Mona's DNA. And what about the gun police recovered from Roe's office? Do we have a murder weapon here? Assistant District Attorney Anna Fer. We have a gun. A gun. Not necessarily the gun. It's a pretty close call for what was left of that, of that murder. Bullet Functions just fine. I checked the trigger pull, But the state's own witness, the expert who conducted ballistic tests on the gun admits I could not be positive that the two bullets were fired from the same gun Without direct proof. Prosecutors returned to Roe's behavior noting that even before Mona was buried, he was on the internet looking at pornography.


And they even suggest he faked the apparent heart attack that sent him to the hospital the night her body was found. The nurse who treated him takes the stand. There was one time when I went to go into his room and he was actually doing some pushups on the floor. I did not enter his room. I stood outside his room and then left the room. No pushups. Why in the world would this woman say that An opportunity to become involved. But she's lying. Yes, But neither pushups nor porn prove Crottin killed His wife says his attorney who's about to tell the jury, who he says really did


True crime fans will love crime house, true crime stories, a crime house original podcast. Every Monday you'll experience the most notorious true crime cases from that week in history. All linked by a common theme from serial killers to disappearances to unsolved murders and so much more. Follow and listen to Crime House true crime stories. An Odyssey podcast in partnership with Crime House studios available now on the Free Odyssey app and wherever you get your podcasts.


Jeff Crottin is an innocent man, says his attorney Richard Drucker, Jeff Crowin, did not commit this crime. And if the Brook Park Police Department had done their job today, there might be another person sitting at that defense table. We think that Ramona left the party and was apprehended by either one or group of people, robbed, beaten and shot. The defense scenario is that Mona never made it home that night. That in fact she was killed during a robbery and carjacking in the hotel parking lot.


And the defense attorney has two witnesses who will support that theory. Two witnesses who never before have told their stories to a jury. I had thought someone was possibly struggling with a suitcase trying to put it in the backseat. Mel Twining, a friend of Mona's says he saw something strange in the parking lot after she'd left the party. At some point you thought somebody might be doing something to a person. Am I correct? After I found out Mona was missing that it's a possibility that that could have been going on. Told the next witness. The other new witness is Paula Smith also at the party, also a friend.


And she says she heard a gunshot. I Heard a bang. So this noise that you heard, you thought it was a gunshot. Is that correct? That's what I called it. Okay. Was there really a gunshot? Paula Smith had had more than a few drinks that night. How many did you have? It'd been anywhere. Six to seven. Were you intoxicated? I intoxicated by the end of the evening. I probably was a little intoxicated Then A third friend, Sue Ziegler takes the stand. The Whole truth, nothing but the truth. So I'll you God, With an amazing new piece of information saying someone left an eerie message on her cell phone, voicemail. Take a Moment. Just hours after the party ended, It was very faint.


I do know it was a, a woman's voice and it was, it said, help me, just the two words. That's it. If that voice is Mona's, then she was alive. Long after the prosecution insists Jeff Crottin killed her. But Ziegler never has testified about this message before. And she didn't save it. Must Have a seat and continue the, Although she did play it once for Mel Twining. Did there come a time that you listened to cell phone messages on Sue Ziegler's telephone? Yes. Would you tell us about that?


All right, take a moment. Excuse me. It was somebody crying for help. Do you recall what you heard on the voicemail message? It was help. Help, help me. And how did you react to listening to this voicemail? You were shocked. You were shocked? Shocked. Okay. Shocked too Is Detective Tim Robinson. This Is unbelievable. Where'd this come from? Who says neither Ziegler nor Twining ever mentioned the call to police? Well, Mel Twining then should have said something. 'cause he never said nothing. Sue Ziegler never said nothing. We at Brook Park never heard of that call.


Was that Ramona Crottin? No. I believe Ramona Crottin was already dead at that time. After hearing testimony about the call, Crottin says he only wishes he had heard that message. I don't know if it was Mona's voice or not. I'll never be able to tell. I wish I had been there to hear it. And if it was Mona's voice, I wish I would've been able to do something to help her. Prosecutors insist. Crottin did hear Mona's last words just before he knocked her unconscious in their bedroom. But if that's so why did Jennifer Crottin not hear something?


She was sleeping just a dozen feet away Through the course of the night. Did you wake awake at any time? No. Did you get up to use the bathroom? No. Were you startled in any way? No. At any time through the course of that sleep, did you hear anything? No. Deborah has an explanation as to why Jennifer May not have heard anything. We've done sound testing fired about 38 shots into a test tank inside of that car and measured what type of sound reading you would get in Jennifer's bedroom and you would not hear it. But Mona's coworker Alice Muck is convinced Mona did go home because she was found in tennis shoes, not what she'd had on at the party.


She had worn black strappy shoes. And I commented that I liked her shoes and she said she had bought 'em and that that's what she had been wearing to go dancing. Why are the shoes so significant? Shoes are significant 'cause shoes telegraphed that Ramona made her way home that night. Mon Crottin never suggests took her shoes off. When she arrived home that night and after Jeff killed her, he mistakenly put the wrong pair of shoes back on. But Jennifer is adamant her mother was never there. And despite your best efforts, you weren't able to find your mom, were you? No.


That's, you're all done. Thank you ma'am. So is Jennifer right, wrong or lying? In the past, jurors haven't found her very believable. The daughter had a very bad case of selective memory. Their judgment was so harsh that at trial too, neither side even called her as a witness. But this time, all three crottin children testify. Alright, Come on up. Jeff Junior, 31 says all these questions about his mother's death have split the family. I've lost my mom and then they have my mom's side of the family turned against us and the police are against us and we're, we're all, we're, we're, we're alone.


Jeff's youngest son, Jason, a former Marine, tells about getting news of his mother's death while in Iraq. Could you explain to the jury what, how you were feeling and what you were going through at that time? You're sleeping in a hole that you dug that night. It's about four inches deep of water. And it's so cold that you can't sleep In a suddenly hushed courtroom. The jury for the first time sees emotion in Jeff Crottin, a Vietnam vet. I knew from my own personal experiences what he was going through. It just brought it all back. And I felt sorry for him To show that the children believe their father.


Absolutely. Drucker puts Jason on the spot. If For one minute you fought your father brutalized your mother in that house, what would you do? He wouldn't be here right now. I'd have to use ungodly restraint to keep myself away from take taking matters in my own hands if I found out that wasn't the way it was. Jason is the trial's final witness. Ine decided not to testify. Okay, please be seated. Alright, thank you. Alright, Mr. Deborah, on behalf of the state of Ohio, In his closing arguments, prosecutor Steve Dever highlights protein's alleged coverup of the crime.


Jeff Protein's got a problem and he is got a problem with you folks. Ladies and gentlemen. How do you resolve, how do you disregard all of that evidence as to the crime scene, evidence of cleanup, evidence of removal of carpet? How do you get around ladies and gentlemen, this crime scene. And that is the dilemma that Jeff Crottin has in this particular case. And in her impassioned closing statements, assistant district attorney, Ana hammers, home protein's, strange behavior. Does he do anything, anything at all to look for his wife? He does nothing. Ladies and gentlemen, while he's hooked up to monitors, he is on the floor doing pushups.


So how does Mr. Crottin prepare for the funeral? He's not a porn sight. Ladies and gentlemen. He is guilty of concealing and destroying all the evidence. Hold this man responsible for not only the bludgeoning death of Ramona Crottin, but for the victims that are left behind. Thank you ladies and gentlemen. She is always in the back of my head.


She's always with me. Jeff Crottin says he's never stopped praying for his wife, Mona. Ladies and gentlemen, this case is now in your hands for a verdict. As the jury began deliberating, he also may have been praying for himself. I, i just don't know, but it's in God's hands Praying that the third time's the charm, that after two hung juries, this one finally comes to a verdict, a not guilty verdict. Well, what is it most that you want them to understand about you? That I didn't murder my wife.


The Days tick by Jeff stays positive. I'm 99% optimistic. Then midway through day five, word of a verdict. Alright, we're back in session hearing. If this defendant is anxious, it sure doesn't show Case number 4 47 9 5 oh State of Ohio versus Jeffrey Crottin. Docket already stated, count one murder we the jury in this case being duly imp paneled and sworn do find the defendant, Jeffrey Crottin, not guilty of murder of Ramona Crowin is signed by all 12 members of the, of the jury.


Jury Acquitted of murdering his wife. Jeff Cro is a free man, Local reporters who have lived with this story through three trials. This is a mini OJ trial, Are clearly astonished at the verdict. What do you Think of the people who think you got away with murder? Nobody got, nobody got away for murder. Annoying reporters and pesky photographers aside, Tabloid, I don't want to talk to you. Jeff Groins ordeal finally is over. Oh, Jeff, I'm so happy. Yay. And back in his lawyer's office there's a celebration. Congratulations. Innocent man. Justice was not served with that verdict. Prosecutor Steve Dever. I apologize to the family.


We, we gave it our best effort, but the jury had some reasonable doubt. We're still an entire family in shock over the verdict. Mona's brother Greg was the only family member who got to the court courthouse in time for the verdict. Find the defendant, Jeffrey Protein, not guilty of murder. 29 9 3. A very strange sensation when I heard the verdict, I kind of lost all peripheral vision. It was, it was not a good feeling. I, I thought there was enough there At first to to to go with guilty. Juror Michael Lecy says he went into the deliberations convinced of Jeff's guilt, but then he began having doubts.


Lecy says the jury gave a lot of weight to the testimony of Jennifer Crottin. There's no question in your mind that your mother did not come home that night. That's Correct. Did Ramona make it home? We don't even know if she made it home. So what exactly do you think happened? I think he did it. I think he did it. And he's not the only one After the verdict, 10 of the 12 jurors who had just found Jeff Crottin not guilty, told the judge that in their heart of hearts, they thought he probably did kill his wife, but with no direct evidence, they just couldn't vote to convict despite the verdict.


Do you feel like you're still under some sort of cloud of suspicion? There will always be people out there that will never be fully convinced until the murder of my wife Ramona is caught. He has to live with what the truth is. I firmly believe that Jeffrey Crottin killed his wife These days. Jeff, no longer an insurance agent. Lives in what once was his office. Watch For your feet. What do you most want to do with with the rest of your life? Go sailing. They're together quite often. And Mary Engel is still a big part of his light And I'm still in love with her.


But that relationship has shattered his relationship with his own children who only rarely speak to their father. We stood behind him because we thought he was being falsely accused. But now it's just, you know, he cheated on our mother. It's over. And as long as Mona's relatives insist Jeff is guilty, the protein kids want nothing to do with them. Can you see a day when you might reconcile with them? I don't care if it takes 20 years, I'll still wait for 'em. I will still wait for the kids. I feel terrible carry a lot of sorrow in me, but I could not imagine what the kids are going through.


And of course, the worst injustice of all. She was so looking forward to Jennifer turning 21 and she couldn't wait to have a grandchild. She was so ripped off in life. But Greg consoles himself by remembering all the things that were so special about his sister. Mona. Smiling. Just a big smile on her face. Dancing. That's how I will remember her. Yeah. Great older sister.


Officially, the Murder of Mona Crottin remains an open case. Jeffrey Crottin died in 2014.