
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


My dream is to be able to afford A home in the city. I love. The last thing that's free these days is walking and breathing. I want A Premier who gives A? Damn. You deserve A Good life every day, all across this province. I'm inspired by people and you deserve A government. That inspires you too. You deserve A Leader, period. It's Mart. It's Mart. It's Mart. Find out why it's Mart do ca. Authorized by the CFO for the Ontario n D P.


In 2014, Helen was in her home in Tennessee when she received A call from California. Her daughter Erin Corwin was missing. The young wife of A Marine had moved to the California desert to A remote base near Joshua Tree National Park. They have to alert the military and when they do the NC, I S gets involved from C P S studios and CBS News. This is 48 HOURS NC I S. Listen to 48 HOURS NC I S ad free starting October 29th on Amazon Music.


She was different. Ain't no doubt about It. She was A pretty girl. Well. She had A A. Really outgoing personality. I mean She was fun to be around. We got along great. I'm happy most of the time. I go with the flow. She definitely makes you feel like you're the only person in the world for her. My name is Dwayne Barine and I dated Tasha Fields. My name is Keith Jones and I also dated Tasha Fields. Almost every guy who was with her said, Hey. At times It was really good because she just had this ability to make you feel special and needed. But that It could be really bad. Of all the guys. That dated Tasha, nobody had A worse than Mitch Kemp.


Mitch was A wonderful person. He was my friend, my friend for real, which I loved him. He had A laugh. That Don. Don't Even know how to explain It. It would fill the room. When he met Tasha, he changed. He took on A More of A. Serious tone. It was just such A transformation. It just seemed like everything he did was driven by her wants and her needs. Whatever she wants she got. And I started to find information from her past and some things just weren't adding up. I, don't talk about my past. It's the past. It's gone. I. Don't talk about It. I told Mitch, you need to get away from this girl. My birthday came around in February and he didn't call I said something is wrong.


You know It. You know It. In my heart. It Was like he vanished. I mean just absolutely vanished. We met with the detectives and they said, we have nothing. Not A receipt, not A credit card, not A, phone call, nothing. I. Think Tasha had something to do with It. The way she changed him and the way she manipulated people. I think something has happened to him. I think Mitch is dead. I had no reason to want Mitch gone. Why? She's A pretty Dangerous person because she doesn't look It. She's A, sociopath, psychopath. The monster Can nut all those things.


She's evil. It's almost like magical. I'm either magical or A witch Temptation.


Dwayne Barine is A single dad working full time while raising his 8-year-old son Bubba. Just outside the small town of Marianna Florida back In June of 2007. Dwayne was picking up his son at his daycare center when A woman passed him. A note, She said It's A phone number. I said to who? She said, Ms. Tasha. Ms. Tasha was 30 one year old. Tasha Fields a single mother who had recently moved to town with her 4-year-old daughter Lexi and was working at the daycare center. She could be very sexy And if she wanted A man, she could really pour It on.


Oh, absolutely, absolutely. There was another big reason Dwayne felt for Tasha. She was really there for my son. I had full custody of him. He would lay in the bed next to me and I would hear him say his prayers and he would pray for A mama. Dwayne soon felt the same way about Tasha's daughter Lexi. We Weren't Even dating A month and she said, will you be my daddy? And I said, baby I said, I'll be whatever you need me to be. Lexi was from A previous marriage. That. Tasha wasn't keen on talking about the Little girl from That point on called me dad and I loved her.


It wasn't long before Dwayne and Tasha were living together. She makes you feel like she loves you from love letters to little things. That, she did. Tasha seemed too good to be true. She Even told me in the beginning, That, she had A Bachelor's degree in criminal justice. But the More time they spent together, the More Dwayne began to question. Tasha Stories just didn't add up. Starting with strange story she told of her past, She was supposed to receive an inheritance from her granddad who was A federal judge who was blinded by A battery blowing up in his face if he was A federal judge. Surely his name is on some documents under Google somewhere.


But I never found anything. She's A storyteller. Absolutely. She can come up with A story in A, blink of an eye. So Dwayne kept on digging. You really wanted to know More about her? I Did. I wanted to know who I had living in my house with me and my son As Dwayne combed through computer records. He came across A marriage license Where she had married A man named Mitchell. Wayne Kemp. I called her up and she told me That, yes, she had been married to Mitchell, Wayne, Kemp. And in fact she had been married five times. She was 30 years of age and she'd been married five times. That's What she said. I couldn't believe It I really couldn't.


Was That A. Little off buddy Know, just A. Little It. Turns out Mitch Kemp was an ex-husband and the father of Tasha's daughter Lexi. What happened between you and Mitch It was A marriage. That probably should have never happened. We were More friends and I mean I loved Mitch. I loved him, but I wasn't in love with him. For Dwayne It was one surprise after another. I never lost my drive to continue to keep figuring out stories. That, she would tell me. His digging eventually led him to A face-to-face. Meeting with this man, Keith Jones, an old boyfriend of Tasha's I was in love with her and anything else didn't matter.


Keith also heard Tasha tell many of the same stories. You couldn't verify anything That. She said, you know, I mean, and there was A. Lot of stories. But there was one outrageous story. That Dwayne heard for the first time from Keith. He told me That She was involved in the murder of one of her exes Murder. Yes, She'd had A few drinks in her and she said this guy had raped her and her daughter and she apparently went to where he was and lured him back to her house and he walked in the front door and that's when Greg shot him in the chest. Greg as in Greg Morton, another one of Tasha's ex-husbands whom she married after Mitch Kemp.


It just seemed so far fetched. Did you think about going to the police or the authorities after she told you That Story? No. 'cause I didn't believe It. It wasn't no sense in going to the police when I didn't believe. It myself With the kinds of stories That Tasha tells. Isn't It really hard to know? What is the truth? It really is. Absolutely. So Dwayne left It at That until A few months later when he discovered She was cheating on him and threw Tasha out of the house. How did you react to finding out That? Tasha was seeing another guy. Of course, It hurt. She broke your heart.


Humiliated. Dwayne started digging into Tasha's past can Even going on her personal MySpace webpage When I logged on. There were like three or four messages there. Are you Tasha Lee Fields It was there. He discovered someone was looking for Tasha's ex-husband, Mitch Kemp, who had been missing for four years. I read one of the messages. That said, we are very concerned. How is Mitch? We haven't heard from him in Over four years. The messages were posted by Mitch's relatives who were desperate to find him. I just thought every day he's gonna walk through That door, I'm gonna see him, but he never did.


That got Dwayne thinking, We've got the child, Lexi Kemp, we've got A marriage license, Mitchell Wayne Kemp, and now the death of one of her exes. There's Kemp, Kemp, Kemp, Kemp, Kemp. Could the missing Mitch Kemp be the ex-husband in Tasha's farfetched story of murder? Here's everything. It just fell in on top of me. So Dwayne reported his bizarre story to the Marianna Florida police chief. And sure enough, I got A phone call from him. That night saying, let's keep this quiet I. do believe we have A homicide on our hands. What were you thinking at That Point? Holy shit, here we go.


Never did I ever think I'd be involved in something like this.


Hotshot Australian attorney, Nicola Gaba was born into legal royalty. Her specialty, representing some of the city's most infamous gangland criminals. However, while Nicola held the Underworlds Darkest Secrets, the most dangerous secret was her own. She's going to all the major groups within Melbourne's underworld and she's informing on them all. I'm Marsha Clark, host of the new podcast, informants Lawyer X. In my long career in criminal justice as A prosecutor and defense attorney, I've seen some crazy cases and this one belongs right at the top of the list. She was addicted to the game she had created. She just didn't know how to stop. Now, through dramatic interviews and access, I'll reveal the truth behind one of the world's most shocking legal scandals. Listen to informants lawyer X exclusively on Wondery Plus. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, Apple Podcasts or Spotify and listen to More Exhibit C. True crime shows early and ad free


right now In the Pacific Ocean. Halfway between Peru and New Zealand lies A, tiny volcanic island. It's A, little known British territory called Pit can and It harbored A. Deep dark scandal. There wouldn't be A girl on Pit can once they reached the age of 10. That. We still A. Virgin It just happens to all. I'm journalist Luke Jones and for almost two years I've been investigating A. Shocking story. That has left deep scars on generations of women and girls from Pit can. When There's nobody watching, nobody going to report It. People will get away with what they can get away With. In the Pitcan Trials, I'll be uncovering A story of abuse and the fight for justice. That has brought A unique lonely Pacific Island to the brink of extinction. Listen to the Pitcan Trials exclusively on Wondery. Plus join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify.


In the six years he had been police chief in Marianna Florida, Lou Roberts had never heard A story quite like Dwayne Barine. Dwayne believed That, his former girlfriend, Tasha Fields might be somehow involved in the disappearance of her ex-husband Mitch Kemp. Dwayne was very good on dates and times. I mean I told Dwayne he probably should be an investigator two Six still Chief Roberts needed to do some investigating of his own and that meant going to the story source. Keith Jones, We interviewed Keith Jones and It was the same story. That I had been hearing from Dwayne. I just had A gut feeling That something had happened to this individual.


'cause I mean There had been no activity about his path. Mitch's brother Tracy had the same feeling 900 miles away in Boone County, Missouri where Mitch and Tasha had lived, Just had A gut feeling That, something bad had happened and she had something to do with It. Mitch's mother Carol had always believed That. Tasha was somehow behind Mitch's disappearance. We all believed It. Why? Just the type of person she had turned out to be after we got to know her. The family felt very differently about Tasha. When Mitch first brought her home in 2000 one, She was really A sweet girl. What was their relationship like at first? It was good. Very good I mean.


We had A great time together. Did you love Mitch? Yes. I could just be me with Mitch. Tasha was 26. Mitch, almost 11 years older. It didn't take long say the Kemps for Tasha to change Mitch. He wasn't as playful as he used to Be. There're just things That, That, Mitch and I would do together. That would start to take A backseat to things That she wanted to do. She was very manipulative in That. Whatever she wants. She got In 2002, their daughter Lexi was born and the couple soon married, but the good times didn't last long. It was Out her chaos.


No bills could get paid. It was like A rollercoaster ride. You know they they were good and that they were bad, that they were good, that they were the bad. We lived in the same house, but there was nothing there After just eight months of marriage. It was Over. Tasha moved out, taking Lexi with her. But Tasha wasn't single for long. She was dating Greg Morton and after just six months they were married in Missouri. Tasha, Lexi and Greg became A family. That didn't sit Well with Mitch I. Remember him telling us That I want to get Lexi back.


That was in August of 2004. Tracy says That was the last time he spoke to his brother. Less than two weeks later, Mitch disappeared. Did you try to get ahold of Tasha to see where Mitch was? She never had anything in her name, ever, ever, never ever. No utilities, no bills, nothing You can. So the Kemps turn to the Boone County Sheriff's Department, but the search for Mitch went nowhere. He had seemingly vanished without A Trace Sheriff's Detective Dave Wilson.


There has to be some kind of reason. Information. That A person could be the victim of foul play. We didn't have any of That information at That time. Three and A, half years later in 2008, detective Wilson from Missouri got A hot lead. That's when Florida police told him the story coming from Keith Jones and Dwayne Barine That. Tasha had talked about how she had lured Mitch to the farm so Greg Morton could shoot him. How credible did you find Dwayne Barine? I always thought That. There was some truth to what he was saying. And Keith Jones, same thing.


At That Point, we believe That, we May possibly have A homicide, But there was no proof, no body, no witnesses. So On May of That year, detective Wilson and his partner traveled south to interview Tasha herself. I mean I don't have any problem talking to you at all because I don't have nothing to hide. Okay And I appreciate That. Mitch Camp hasn't been seen or heard of since August of oh four. That doesn't surprise me. At first, detectives didn't let on. They had talked to Keith Jones or Dwayne Barine and Tasha insisted she knew nothing of Mitch's whereabouts I knew.


And as Well as this is wood, what happened to him, I would tell you. And when asked about her husband, Greg Morton, Tasha had little to say except the two had long since divorced and seldom talked. When did you leave him? Greg Know That's been A. That's been A couple years ago. What? What type of person is Greg? He's not he's, he's not. I. Don't have nothing bad to say about him. But the More detectives questioned Tasha about her ex-husband. The More, her description of him changed. Suddenly Greg Morton was A man to be feared. His mind is not right. He lives in, he's A very angry, angry person.


You know what I'm saying? So if I thought he had Don something to Mitch It wouldn't surprise you. do you know? What do you think he's capable of hurting someone like That? I mean he hurt me. That finally Just let It out. Tasha could hold her secret no longer. Greg Hillman hit home. There had been A fight. She said Greg Morton had pulled out A gun and shot Mitch. But is this the truth? Or just another of Tasha's tall tails Just felt like she had More involvement in what She was saying.


Over the course of 48 hours. do you Think Greg would've Don something? A bitch Bit by bit. Tasha Fields revealed to detectives how her ex-husband, Greg Morton told her That in August of 2004, he shot dead. Another ex-husband, Mitch Kemp. He told me just point blank told me, I shot Mitch. There had been bad blood between the two men. Tasha says, ever since Greg suspected She was cheating on him with her ex-husband, Mitch I was married to Greg and I was still seeing Mitch.


Tasha says Greg was A ticking time bomb. I lived with Greg. I knew what Greg was capable of. Greg has no problem with hurting anybody. Tasha said. Greg told her where he shot Mitch and where he that disposed of his body. Where's Mitch on Greg's farm? Greg's 40 acre farm. That. He sold six months after Tasha says he killed Mitch. But He definitely told you That, he buried That body Know in That Corner. He told me That, But Tasha insisted she wasn't at the farm. She was picking up her daughter Lexi at daycare. All I'm asking you look at me in the eyes and tell me, look, I was not there when you came.


I wasn't there. I didn't have anything to do with It. I did It Okay. That's all we need to know. But was Tasha telling detectives everything? They had their doubts and so did prosecutors, Richard Hicks and Andrea Hayes. She gives them enough information. Okay, yes, Greg did kill Mitch, but I only know this because Greg told me. But Prosecutor Hicks says there was A glaring omission. In Tasha's story. Remember what ex-boyfriend Keith Jones told police? She went to where he was and lured him back to her house. And that's when Greg shot him in the chest. But before prosecutors could prove Tasha lured Mitch to his death, they first needed to prove That Mitch was really dead and that there was A murder.


We had to find the body. Tasha, I'm gonna go ahead and videotape this. Tasha cooperated with police and agreed to travel to Missouri to help them search the farm for Mitch's body. But once there, Tasha seemed lost This way. She seems really confused. See, this was flat. And of course the the house had changed. You know, There were some structures. That were torn down and A A new home was built. A new family was living there. At one point on the police video, Tasha zeroed in on an area where the old farmhouse used to be. Now Was he doing dirt work this way? But when detectives returned with equipment, they found nothing.


That's when we're like Okay. She's probably lying to us because I think we believed she knew exactly where the body was buried. And so five weeks later they questioned Tasha, can We dug up an area? That's what he just told me. Probably A hundred yards long. And this time they turned up the heat. I'm one of those That. Don't believe you're telling us everything you know. It was that That. Tasha remembered an old pit That. Greg had dug on the farm. That, she says, had been freshly covered soon after Greg told her about the murder. It's right, it's right here, David. I'm telling you it's right. It's right here.


After just A half hour of digging, detectives found what they were looking for. How did you Find out? That? They did find Mitch's body. I was right there. You were there. How did you react? I was sick. You were sick. An autopsy revealed Mitch had been shot six times in the chest. It's Hard. It's hard. You know, and and I. I truly believe That. You know, he had no idea That anything like That was gonna happen. I think he was absolutely blindsided.


Blindsided, and and ambushed. Three weeks after finding Mitch's body on Greg Morton's old property authorities arrested Morton and charged him with first degree murder. Prosecutor Hicks hoped Morton would turn on Tasha. The person they were now convinced was behind It all Let him sit in jail for A few months and that, see if he's ready to talk. But Greg Morton didn't talk. So three and A, half months later, fearing she might run. Authorities arrested Tasha without A shred of hard evidence. She was charged with first degree murder. They just jerked me off.


A motorcycle told me I was under arrest. know I didn't hurt nobody. Okay Well I said I can throw up up. It was that That. Tasha laid out yet another version of what happened the day Mitch died. Lemme tell you exactly what happened. Okay Okay, lemme tell you exactly what happened In this one. She admitted she did bring Mitch to the farm, but she didn't lure him there to have him killed Okay. Lexi had got school pictures from the daycare and Mitch and I went out there to get That and probably to spend some time together. Mitch and I pulled up in the yard, I pulled I, didn't pull in the Driveway, and I walked up on the porch and I turned around.


Greg had come around the corner of the house and had his gun drawn. Mitch had his. Mitch had his hands up and he started walking backwards. All Mitch said was, it's not what you think. What happened? He shot him. I saw him take his last breath, and I couldn't do anything for him. And I kept saying, you just killed him. You just killed him.


Tasha told detectives, Greg Morton acted out of jealous rage. Greg slammed me into the wall. He told me he knew I'd go hold him around on him. Why not try calling nine one one? Maybe saving his life Probably would've been the thing to do. But when you Watch somebody gunned down, maybe your thoughts aren't rational. Maybe you don't. I don't know Yet. After the shooting, Tasha stayed with Greg Morton for A year and A half before divorcing him. So this is A man, Greg, who just killed the father of your child. Why would you stay with Greg? You?


Dunno. Fear, And Tasha says It was That fear. That caused her to lie repeatedly to detectives. Throughout her interrogations, he Committed murder. He took another person's life. Why would I be any different? Three weeks after Tasha's arrest, Greg Morton broke his silence to tell his version of what happened. That day, He said, Mr. Hicks I shot That man, But he claims It was all Tasha's idea and that she manipulated him into murdering Mitch Kemp. Greg Morton would've never shot Mitchell Kemp if I weren't for Tasha.


You really believe That I, absolutely. Tasha says she is innocent. If I Was so concerned That I was in trouble. Why would I have solved It? They couldn't find Mitchell's body. I took him to It. I think she is A Master Manipulator and I think she knew exactly what buttons to push. To get Greg to do this, She's got That kind of power, That ability to manipulate someone to shoot A man five times. It's what I believe, But the question is, will A


jury As A kid? Growing up in Chicago, there was one horror movie, I was too scared to Watch. It was called Candyman. But did you know That, the movie Candyman was partly inspired by an actual murder? Listen to Candyman, the true story behind the Bathroom Mirror murder, wherever you get your podcasts,


Have you ever wondered who created That bottle of sriracha that's living in your fridge? Or why? Nearly every house in America has at least one game of monopoly. Introducing the best idea yet A brand new podcast from Wondery and t Boy about the surprising origin stories of the products you're obsessed with and the bold risk takers who brought them to life. Like did you know That Super Mario? The best selling video game character of all time only exists because Nintendo couldn't get the rights to Popeye or Jack That. The idea for the McDonald's Happy Meal first came from A mom in Guatemala. From Pez dispensers to Levi's five oh ones to Air Jordans discover the surprising stories of the most viral products. Plus, we guarantee That. After Listen new, you're gonna dominate your next dinner party. So follow the best idea yet on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts, you can listen to the best idea yet early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus. It's just the best idea yet.


What do you want people to know? That, I'm not the mastermind of the crop up. I didn't want Mitch dead. I had no reason to want him dead. July, 2010, almost six years after Mitch Kemp was murdered, the trial of his ex-wife Tasha Fields is about to begin in Boone County, Missouri. This is back at their farm I like That Kemp prosecutors Richard Hicks and Andrea Hayes believe That Tasha Fields as young and sweet as she May appear methodically Diabolically manipulated Greg Morton into killing Mitch Kemp. She could seem to get anyone to do whatever she wanted them to do.


The main evidence, the confession of the murderer himself. In return for reduced sentence to second degree murder, Morton has agreed to testify against his former wife. Why is Greg blaming you? He faced life in prison without parole. He knew he was in A very bad spot. He was going to be convicted. Public defender Paul Hood is representing Tasha Fields. Greg uses his own gun. Greg buries Mitchell Kemp in A Hole. That. Greg dug everything. Points at Greg Morton Hood will argue Greg Morton's plea deal has motivated him to concoct his own fanciful story.


That Tasha made him do It. He really has to transform Tasha Fields into this woman. That somehow has magical powers, somehow some sort of mystical spell. Over him. That controls him to the point That, he'll commit A murder for her. Is there any physical evidence That points to Tasha Fields as having any involvement in this murder? Not at all. Hood has A simple explanation for why Greg shot Mitch I. Believe Greg suspected That Tasha was cheating on him and to control her. And in A fit of rage, he murdered Mitchell Kim. But prosecutors say That Tasha was the mastermind and persuaded Greg to kill Mitch by fabricating A story.


That. Mitch had just raped her. Tasha comes home, she's upset and she gets him worked up and says he's raped me. You know, we've gotta take care of It now we've gotta do something. It Was at That Point, That, he said, fine. If That man ever comes out to the property, I'll kill him. I think Tasha knew these are the correct buttons to push. That's why she's such A. Good manipulator. Did You tell Greg That Mitch had raped you? No. According to Paul Hood, it's all part of Greg Morton's concocted story. How does this woman convince you to shoot someone? And so he is gotta come up with something awful. Well It must be That. The guy is A rapist. As Greg Morton prepares to testify, the Kemp family sees for the first time Mitch's killer.


The first time I saw Greg Morton in court. I just had this huge sense of anger and and hate. I'd been Out in the shop And that they had to listen as Morton tells the jury just how Tasha convinced him to kill Mitch. And she's crying. She's hysterical. She said, Mitch raped her. What are you feeling, Greg? At this point, I want him some retribution. The next morning, Morton says Tasha took charge and handed him A gun. She goes, I'm gonna go get Mitch. And when I get back, you shoot him. What were you gonna do?


Greg I was gonna do what she asked me to do. When Tasha brought Mitch back to the farm, Greg says he approached Mitch with A gun in his hand. I raised It and pointed It at him and that she started yelling for me to shoot him. So did you. I did that. She said, you gotta get something to move him. Get something to move him with. She said, come on, you should have had this ready. And you saw That. He was still struggling. He was. So what'd you do? I shot him can.


Did he struggle anymore? It's Over. Morton says he used farm equipment to pick up Mitch's body and that the two buried him in A pit Well. We were holding That dirt in on Mitch. She said, Mitch kills A piece of nobody's gonna look for him for A long time. Tasha says, she sat Listen new to her accuser in disbelief. Everything was my fault. I was so powerful. That I got inside his mind and convinced him, That, this is what you will do.


Paul Hood hopes to challenge Greg Morton's credibility by revealing A darker side of his personality. He calls Jamie Bowden to the stand. I met her down at the pool. Jamie Bowden was A neighbor of Tasha and Greg Morton in the summer of 2005, one year after the murder. How would you describe Greg Morton? Big, bad, very short tempered. If he tells you to do something you Better, do It quick. That says, Jamie Bowden was A rule. Tasha lived by. Would she go along with everything Greg said? Right? Everything. If he said It, you know that's That. That's what It was. She didn't Even. Question It. do you Think Tasha was afraid of Greg?


Oh, most definitely. I mean honestly. She, to me, She was terrified of Greg. According to Jamie, there's no way Tasha could have manipulated Greg Morton. Tasha's supposed to be the mastermind of this whole ordeal and Greg's just gonna go along with It. No, it's the other way around. Please Raise your right hand and be sworn. But prosecutors call Tasha's ex-boyfriend Keith Jones, who tells jurors how Tasha herself admitted to planning Mitch's murder. What It sounded like to me was she coerced him, lured him back to the to the house, lured him back to the house, right? Is That what she told? You know, How important is That one word, the word Lure.


It is the word. It is the most important word because if she just drives Mitch out to the farm not knowing That, Greg is gonna murder Mitchell Kemp. She's not guilty. But if she lured him out there that it's A conspiracy. She's in on It. You are sure you heard the word lure. can Positive I mean I'll remember That till I die? Tasha says Keith Jones. May have heard the word lure, but not from her. So where did Keith get That From? Greg, that's Greg's story. Tasha says, Greg and Keith got to know each other after she introduced them. Two years after the murder, Greg And Keith were friends. Craig loaning money. Are you saying That? Keith deliberately lied at trial or made up this story?


I think He has A creative memory. Don don't think it's deliberate. I think he remembers things incorrectly. Over the course of seven days of trial. The jury would also hear from Mitch Kemp's family. I Didn't realize how much he was there until he was gone. And Tasha's ex-boyfriend Dwayne Barine. You Believe She was cheating on you with another man? It's fair to say you don't like her very much. The past is the past. I have any, don't have any I will towards her. They would also Watch. More than eight hours of Tasha's. Police interviews. I Haven't Don nothing. Tell us where That body is yet. If I do, I would tell you What's the best you can get for Tasha at the end of this trial.


What's the best you can hope for I? Hope That. They acquit her entirely. Is It realistic to think the jury's gonna say, oh, she had nothing to do with this. Yes, because of her willingness to help the detectives. Mitch is gone and he's not coming back. But it's not my fault. That, he's dead. I'm not the mastermind of A crime. After five days of testimony, defense attorney Paul Hood has one last chance to save Tasha Fields.


This is A very stark case. It is A case of extreme contrasts. Tasha Fields is either A, monster, A, conniving, manipulative monster, or she is the victim of Greg Morton. It's Greg's word really against Tasha's. That's right. And Tasha hopes the jury will conclude. That. Greg Morton is lying. I don't understand how somebody That shoots somebody. Six times is credible. I don't. And Mitch was having an affair with Tasha and that really hurt Greg's ego.


Paul Hood reminds the jury That. Without Tasha Fields the disappearance of Mitchell Kemp would still be A mystery. She helped them solve this case. She led them to the body. She wanted to help and she did. And the justice system chewed her up. And you're the only ones who can change. That. Please don't take away her freedom. The prosecutor Hicks has A different. Take Tasha Fields. The manipulator was simply out manipulated I really think she believed That She was convincing. Law enforcement That She was not involved.


Poor, poor Tasha. She's A victim of the system. This is the same system. That gave her multiple opportunities to simply tell the truth. As for the fear of Greg Morton being the reason Tasha lied. I don't believe for A. Second That, Tasha was afraid of Greg Morton. This was self-preservation and It wasn't fear. She of her own free will spun this web of deception That for the first time since the trial began, Richard Hicks gives the jury his explanation for why Tasha wanted Mitch dead. Her motive, he says, was to keep her daughter Lexi for herself.


She loved this daughter. This is what the murder was about. The only way Tasha could assure, ensure, make sure That, Mitch never had any kind, any kind of custody, joint, soul, whatever was That, he ended up four or five feet underground. If It was A custody battle that Mitch's has an attorney and he's filed paperwork and we're in A custody battle. But there wasn't. I had Lexi I had Lexi all the time, and he saw her sometimes. But we didn't argue. I had the perfect situation. The defense wants to scare you here. That, you're sending away an innocent woman you know in your heart she's involved.


Find her guilty. Jurors face an agonizing decision. Was Tasha innocent? Or if guilty, was she guilty of first or second degree murder? The reality was, if A guilty verdict came back, I can never be with Lexi can. If jurors found Tasha guilty of first degree murder, she would receive A harsher sentence than the shooter. Greg Morton. That troubled. The panel We're like Well. Greg did this. So you know Tasha shouldn't get A higher sentence. That was A. Real big contention. I think for all of Us. But was Tasha Even guilty?


Who do we believe More? You know it's Tasha's story versus Greg's story. I was one. That had A little More trouble with Greg Morton's testimony and That she started yelling for me to shoot him. He wasn't That convincing. He appeared to me as though he was Well coached. Finally, after eight Hours, the jury returned to court with its verdict. I sat on my hands and I stared at the blem of the wall and I It was just, I wasn't there. As to count one, we the jury find the defendant guilty of murder in the first Degree. Guilty of first degree murder.


I heard the beginning of guilty, and that I was Don. I didn't say anything. I let him finish talking. And I stood up and walked out. In the end, Tasha's lies were her downfall. I found It hard to believe anything That, she said. Tasha's story changed every time we heard It. Greg's story never changed. I More believed him. I thought he was More credible than She was. do you believe Greg, when he says That, this woman manipulated him into doing something he never would've Don on his own. I.


do You know It Sounds kind of crazy, but it's not just Greg. You know, she has some power. Over men. You know, We had some men on the jury and the men were like, what has she got going on? You know, that's, that's still A mystery for Tasha's. Two ex-boyfriends. Keith Jones, who first heard the story of Murder. And Dwayne Barine, the sleuth who started the investigation against Tasha. The verdict was just, She's made A lot of people's lives miserable. I mean miserable. Oh, I was ecstatic. I was happy, ecstatic, yes, absolutely. That family in Missouri, they at least can now say they have closure. No matter what the verge was. It's not gonna bring my best friend back.


It's not gonna fill That void in my life. We absolutely think It was. It was the right verdict. She got what she deserved. It's finally justice for Mitch Kemp. But for the child at the center of It, all maybe Even the motive for murder. Lexi Kemp is now without her father and her mother, Tasha Fields will spend the rest of her life in prison. She has every right to be mad at me or blame me for what she's going through. But in the event, That I don't talk to Lexi and I don't see her, she'll see this.


She'll see the truth. In 2010, Greg Morton was sentenced to 19 years in prison for shooting. Mitch Kemp


If. you like this podcast? You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out A quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.