
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


When you are a small business owner, you don't just wear one hat, you wear all of them. You are a self-starter, a go-getter, A do-it-yourselfer. And when it comes to marketing, constant contacts here to back you from email to social media and events, our digital marketing platform connects you with more customers to grow your business. And with local support, we are with you every step of the way. Constant contact dedicated to small business. Try it free@constantcontact.com.


Hello? Yeah, that is a lot of space. Whatcha gonna do with it? Make big plans with the Amex Business Gold Plus card. It comes with funding solutions to support cashflow. Three points per $1 spent at selected businesses and up to $550 back on selected business spend each year. Amex Business Gold plus just one of our cards for businesses on the Grow. That's the powerful backing of American Express enrollment. Required annual threshold teas and season exclusions Apply. Benefit ends 31st December, 2026.


On your next great adventure, check into Abode Hotels. So this time you can bring the whole family, make yourself at home, or go wild. Immerse your senses and seize the night. Even If. That means staying in Find a boat. Hotels across the Canberra region and beyond.


9 1 1. What is the address of your It's a day. I don't think I'll ever forget. Is she still alive? Is she alive? Was she, is she breathing? No, no, no. Sheriff's vehicle pulled up and she informed us that Alex was dead. I don't remember what I did other than fault of my knees. What's her name? Alexandra. Alex loved people. She was very caring. She loved animals. She'd bring home a story, she'd bring home, all kinds of things, But she worked a lot of years to get her degree in nursing.


'cause she truly wanted to become a nurse. Thank you to my family for never once giving up on me where many times. I'm sure you wanted to. I talked to her at six o'clock that evening via text. She was doing great. and that was, that was kind of the last thing. Is this your apartment or, yes, her apartment socks. First name Matt as in Matthew? Yeah. And what's your last name? Er. ECKE, er. Matthew Ecker was A nurse practitioner. He was well educated, good looking guy. We have a lot of nurses in my family and he is one of the best nurses I know He was a friend that she had met through this part-time job she had.


She called me. She had called him that she needed his help, that she was in trouble. She had been in a domestic dispute with her then boyfriend and Matthew Ker thought she was being assaulted and so he came down. He was on his way to work and detoured and came right to her apartment. He had brought a gun, He brought it with him. Everywhere he went, he had a permit to carry. We were briefed by the responding officers as we're entering the apartment and they were telling us their observations and what Matthew Ecker had told them. Were you guys arguing or something? No, no. She just screamed and pointed to her head.


Alex is laying on her back. She has a gunshot wound to her head. The handgun was facing this way. It was on her left shoulder like this. It just didn't look right. The scene didn't look right. How did she get in that position? But just didn't make sense. They're thinking they're not getting the whole story from Mr. Ecker And he's the only one that can tell us what happened. He was the only one that was there. The only evidence is that she touched the gun. There was gunshot residue on her left hand. Just as a mom and knowing your kid. I didn't, it didn't fit. He didn't have any motive to kill her.


I mean, he was coming down to protect her. There's no way he did this. I would bet my entire life on the fact that he is innocent. The first thing he said to me is, mom, I did not do this. What happened? Natalie Morales reports. The Strange, Shooting of Alex Pennig. The overnight hours. It's December 16th, 2022. What time do you get that call On that night?


A call came in around two 50. It was a week before Christmas in 2022 when St. Paul police officer Ching bang and his partner, officer Justina sir, set off on their regular patrol of the city Dispatcher stated that a female was shot in the head. My partner and I, we went lights and sirens heading towards that call. And is it all units in the vicinity called in at that time? Yes. Pretty much every unit hop on that call to come and assist. Within Minutes Banks, sir, and several other officers, body cameras rolling, arrived at the location, a residential apartment building.


Matthew Ecker, the man who had placed the 9 1 1 call, let them in and directed them to an apartment on the second floor. Officer Bang was the first to enter the apartment. I remember walking in the bathroom was to the right. The very first door, 3-year-old Alex Penig was lying face up with a single gunshot wound to her left temple. I noticed a lot of blood around her head. Officer Bang had immediately spotted the gun laying on Alex's left shoulder, her hand rest on top. A team of officers looked around the small studio apartment and questioned neighbors.


No one had heard anything. That's fine because you can sit on her. That's okay. In the hallway. Officer Sir was talking to Matthew Ecker, You gotta keep breathing, you gotta keep breathing. He was on the floor by himself. So I just went and and approached him. Just start talking to him. Oh God. What were you concerned about him? I Was, because that's, at the time we didn't know what was going on and I was shocked. I know it's hard. I just told him to just slow down. Take your time. We're not in a rush. Whenever you're ready. I'm, I'm ready to listen. What Matthew did eventually calm down and he started talking. Were You guys arguing or something? No. Telling officers he lived almost three hours away, but drove to Alex after she placed a frantic call to him earlier.


And So I came here. Wasn't guy Matthew told police. Alex had gotten into a fight with her current boyfriend. His name was Shane Anderson. and that things had gone physical and she was scared of what he might do. So Matthew took his gun and brought it with him to Alex's apartment Because I was worried that her boyfriend would come. Yeah. So he was going there. He said to protect her. Yes. Matthew arrived at Alex's around 2:00 PM Shane wasn't there that evening. He said they went out to local bars when they walked into a place called Camp Bar. Shane was inside.


He came to her. They were arguing and I came across and I stood in between 'em and then he punched me. Shane hit him, he says, and then was kicked out of the bar. And then her and I sat there and talked with other people for another 45 minutes. We came back here and I thought everything was fine. And then she just grabbed the gun. Did she make any of the threat before that? That she was gonna kill Shelby Herself? She just crammed and pointed into her head. And with the gun in her hand, she backed into the bathroom, he says, and locked the door.


Moments later, a single shot rang out. Matthew says he quickly broke the door open and saw Alex on the floor. He told the officers he tried using his nursing skills to stop the bleeding. By putting pressure on the wound. I tried to do what I could. Okay. And then I washed my hands. And then you washed your hands. Correct. That's why I don't have anything on my hands. And then you then the police, The news that Alex had fired a gun taking her own life was unfathomable to Alex's parents, Mary, Joe and Jim.


That just was completely outta character for Alex. She had never shot a gun. She didn't like guns, so it didn't make any sense. And Alex's mom, Mary Joe had just texted with her daughter a few hours earlier and she didn't seem depressed at all. She was doing well. You know and that's what's hard. Yeah. Did you see this? See that part? Detectives, Abby DeSanto and Jennifer O'Donnell were called to the scene. You Get a call at the middle of the night. So You know it's not good. Inside the apartment, there was alcohol and six bottles of prescription medications, including antidepressants and amphetamines all prescribed to Alex.


But if that suggested maybe Alex had been depressed and took her own life, there were other things that didn't seem to add up in Matthew's account. The first was the position of Alex's body says the investigators shown here in the CBS news animation. The door to the bathroom was a jar, and you immediately see Alex's feet on either side of the door. If Matthew had broken down the bathroom door after hearing the gunshot as he told officers he had, We think that if that had been the case, her legs would've been swept behind the door. And even though Matthew had said he washed his hands before calling 9 1 1, When responding officers arrived, the sink was dry.


And if he had said You know, he called the police right away and that sink probably would've been still wet. The detectives decided to take a deeper look at Matthew's story. He had told police his only mission that day was to protect Alex from Shane Anderson. The boyfriend he claimed was violent. And in fact, there were these holes in the closet door Across from the bathroom, kinda like punch marks Holes. Matthew said Shane was responsible for St. Paul Police. The detectives were now eager to speak with Shane.


You Don't believe in Ghosts? I get it. Lots of people don't. I didn't either until I came face to face with them. Ever since that moment, hauntings spirits and the unexplained have consumed my entire life. I am Nadine Bailey. I've been a ghost tour guide for the past 20 years. I've taken people along with me into the shadows, uncovering the macabre tales that linger in the darkness and inside some of the most haunted houses, hospitals, prisons, and more. Join me every week on my podcast Haunted Canada as we journey through terrifying and bone chilling stories of the unexplained search for haunted Canada. On Apple Podcast, Spotify, Amazon Music, or wherever you find your favorite podcasts.


Did You know that after World War ii, the US government quietly brought former Nazi scientists to America in a covert operation to advance military technology? Or that in the 1950s, the US Army conducted a secret experiment by releasing bacteria over San Francisco to test how a biological attack might spread without alerting the public. These might sound like conspiracy theories, but they're not. They're well-documented government operations that have been hidden away in classified files for decades. I'm Luke Lamana, a Marine Corps recon vent. And I've always had a thing for digging into the unknown. It's what led me to start my new podcast. Redacted Declassified Mysteries. In it, I explore hidden truths and reveal some eye-opening events like covert experiments and secret operations that those in power tried to keep buried. Follow redacted, declassified mysteries with me. Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts to listen ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app.


It's the most devastating knock on my door I've ever had in my life. Hey, it's St. Paul. Police Hours after Alex Penig was found, dead police were at her boyfriend. Shane Anderson's front door. Did you hear what happened? Two police officers. They asked me who Alex was and I said, that's my girlfriend. Is she Okay? Just passed away. No. Al Alex Ick. You're kidding me. And I, I don't know blacked out after that. Pretty much. Thank God.


Shane says he was desperate for answers and willingly went to the police station to speak with detectives Abby DeSanto and Dan Zebra. I wanna know what happened to her. Okay, that's what I'm trying to figure out. Okay, So Shane told the detectives he had been dating Alex for around four months and painted a rosy picture. She was sweet, like she was fun. Everything that you'd want in a woman, According to Shane, they spent nearly every day together and loved to lounge around with her two cats. I'm not a cat person, I'm more of a dog person to be honest, but she kind of made me a cat person.


He told the detectives that although it was early in their relationship, they were planning a future together. Literally yesterday we were talking about like me breaking my lease and moving into her place. We both wanted families. So You imagined yourself with her 100%. Shane's description was in stark contrast to what Matthew Ecker had told police. Matthew said. Alex told him she was fighting with Shane and scared of him. But when the detectives asked, Shane denied it. So did the argument that you guys had in that morning, did it get physical at all? No. No, not at all.


God, no. It was about basically why I haven't moved in yet and like why that was taking so long. But what about those punch marks in Alex's apartment? That was from a few weeks back. That was me. Yes. I was drunk. I didn't put my hands on her though. We argued like a married couple. Like it wasn't anything like crazy or like violent or like weird. But remember Matthew told detectives, Shane was arguing with Alex just hours before her death at Camp Bar. And Shane even punched Matthew. And I came across and I stood in between him and then he punched me. Shane didn't deny hitting Matthew.


He says seeing Alex with another man upset him. Alex showed up with like a guy. He doesn't look familiar. I have no idea who this guy is. I was wondering why this guy is hanging out with my girlfriend. And I decided to throw a punch, which I is not in my character, but it just felt like the thing to do at the time. So Camp Bar is the last bar that Alex and Matthew went to. Detectives DeSanto and O'Donnell reviewed security footage from inside Camp Bar. So As Alex and Matt walked in, Shane was sitting right across from the bar.


They took us through the altercation and we zoomed in for a closer look. Matt was sitting here when they walked in. And then really oddly, Alex walked around the bar and sat across the bar over there. Shane walked over to her first and then she is talking to Shane and then Matt comes over and it appears that he's introducing himself 'cause he holds out his hand to shake hands with Shane. Then there's a confrontation. Shane Ended up Assaulting Matt. We're not doing that. We're not doing that. Shane then is asked to leave.


Yes. I had no idea that that was gonna be the last time that I ever saw her. After Shane left the footage showed Alex hanging at the bar with Matthew for about another hour drinking and chatting. Detectives were no closer to understanding why? Just a little while later she would, as Matthew told them, take her own life. And the medical examiner ruled that Alex's manner of death could not be determined. So detectives dug into her past looking for anything that could explain what happened.


She's been every hair color Brunette and then blonde and then black hair. Get some red in there and put a little red in there. And it was like she would just be every color. Jillian Ache and Sarah Hansen have known Alex since grade school. Tell me about Alex as you knew her back then. Spunky a little child full of energy, always up to something. Jillian played ice hockey with Alex and together they won a state championship. What was she like? Fire on ice. Luckily I was always on her team, so I never had to play against her. But she was feisty. She was so fun. I don't really remember anything other than happiness really in the, especially in the younger years.


But detectives learned that as a young adult, Alex struggled. Her parents, Mary Jo and Jim said that in college, Alex would get depressed and she got hooked on prescription pills. It was very difficult. One day in 2016, She went up to her room and took a handful of meds and then had told her mom that she was attempting suicide by meds and then promptly threw it up, threw it up, stuck her finger in her throat and threw it up. I felt like it was a cry for help. And they got Alex that help inspired by the nurses who helped her recover in 2019.


She got her licensed practical nursing degree and was chosen to speak at graduation. I have climbed out of the darkness with permanent scars, but a heart of gold and the promise that as a nurse I will try my best for people like me to not be alone and help them like those nurses had helped me. Alex didn't make that choice to get well, and she did. Her life was back on track. Her life was on track, right? And we watched the camp bar video, right? That's All. Detectives also learned all about Alex's history with Matthew Ecker. She met him in 2020 when she got a job at a walk-in clinic. Her parents say their daughter described Matthew as someone she worked with, but according to Matthew's parents, Blaine Ecker and Terry Randall, there was a lot more than just friendship.


Alex and Matthew, they say were having an affair. Back then, even though Matthew was married with four kids, She knew he was married. She knew he had four children. Terry says the romance didn't last in the summer of 2022, They had ended the physical part of their relationship and were just friends Still. She says her son was a source of support for Alex. She says Matthew told her Alex was drinking heavily and as a result, lost several jobs. She wouldn't show up. She'd go on a binge Without a job. Matthew's family says Alex struggled to pay her bills. So unbeknownst to her parents, Matthew stepped in.


He gave Alex money and helped her pay her rent. Matthew's sisters, Molly and Amy aren't surprised. Their brother wanted to help. He cared for her and he has a big heart. And he didn't wanna just walk away. He, he couldn't walk away. And just three days before Alex died, Alex sent Matthew these text messages. I shut myself out to the world. I needed a mental health break. And I'm not very hopeful at the moment about life. Even with those texts though, and Alex's past attempt years earlier, detectives still weren't convinced she took her own life.


Just because you say I need a mental health day or it's not a good day, doesn't mean you're suicidal. Detectives suspected Matthew was lying to them and here's why. Remember, the gun was found on Alex's chest with her left hand on it. Turns out Alex was right-handed when detectives Abby DeSanto and Jennifer O'Donnell reviewed security footage from Alex's apartment building And watch.


She opens the Door. They were able to see what happened after Matthew and Alex left Camp Bar. She's waiting. So that's Alex and Matt and they're just in the vestibule of Alex's apartment walking in About two o'clock in the morning or so. Yes. Timeframe. You can see Matthew and Alex walk out of view as they go up to her apartment. But a short while later, they walk back through the lobby and out the door. Matthew would say it was to get his headphones from his car. Alex returns to the lobby and waits for the detectives. What happens next is key. She seems impatient, just looking at her body language.


They note how when Matthew returns, Alex doesn't hold the door for him and how he shrugs his shoulders as he follows behind her. The detectives wonder if Matthew and Alex had gotten into a fight, Something was going on with him. That's huge. 'cause that's the last time we see Alex alive. 20 minutes later at 2:50 AM Matthew placed that call to nine one one. A girl who shot herself. My head, The lobby security footage had no audio, so there was no way to know for sure if the two had gotten into a fight, but when Alex's family and friends saw it, you Could tell that she was mad.


You could tell the way she ripped open that door. You could tell Alex stomping on stomping in. Whenever she was mad, she'd like, stop. And she, I was visible in this video, so they were definitely in a fight, But when detectives questioned Matthew, he denied any problems. We were laughing the way home. Everything was fine. You guys weren't arguing or anything. There's a whole fight. You two. No. Between us, You guys and Matthew's family believes there could be a different reason for the change in Alex's demeanor in the footage. Alex is on her phone. They wonder if she was messaging Shane and arguing with him about the altercation that had just happened at Camp Bar.


I truly believe there's a lot of information, a lot of texting, and we think having gotten those interactions would've given us a lot more insight into her state of mind. But the detectives couldn't get into Alex's phone because no one knew the passcode. And Shane said he had lost his phone the night before, so they couldn't search his either. It seemed that there was some kind of exchange happening. Was she talking to you at all? I didn't have a phone, so I Facebook message or anything like that? No. Unable to know for sure what was really happening in the lobby. When Detective DeSanto and her colleague Dan Zebra interviewed Matthew, they focused on what he said happened in the apartment.


How was she holding the gun? And she was backing up to the bathroom. She was, she had it down here first and then she cocked it, left hand cocked it, but she ended up holding it to her left tenfold is what I remember. Okay. I mean, she left. She's not, not so it was weird. He said she did all this with her left hand, but then he told us she was right-handed. You don't use a weapon with your non-dominant hand. It it just another inconsistency or another part of the puzzle that doesn't match. There was also the nagging question about the sink being dry.


Matthew had told first responders he washed his hands after trying to help Alex, which is why his hands were clean, but the sink was dry. When police arrived, DeSanto asked if he did in fact call police right away. Okay, and then you called the police right away? Yeah, I called the police. Yeah. So You know when you get blood, all of your hands, and then you go into de sink and you Yeah. Or the handle to the sink. Right? There should be blood on that. Be blood. Yeah. There's no, there's no blood on the handle of the sink And there's no nothing in the sink. And the sink is the sink. I rinsed my hand. The sink's dry. There's no water or anything. No. I washed my hands in the sink.


I did. I But DeSanto thought Matthew was lying. Right? Either he hadn't helped Alex and didn't wash his hands, or he had not called 9 1 1 right away. Right Now, all this evidence is not bad enough. I can't, I just want you to just think, I just want you to think about this and what, what you're, You're asking me to confess to something I didn't do? No, I'm not. I'm asking you just to think. I mean, we're just gonna give you some time here just to think. We gotta grab that stuff anyway. Sure, sir. Think about everything that we discussed with you. But soon Matthew called them back in.


It was more than two hours into his interview and he wanted to change his story. So the change that I have, I did take Illa and I put it in my suitcase. I put it in the suitcase, went back, looked at her and said, yep. Went back to the suitcase, grabbed the gun and put it back there. What? My plan was there. Why would you move that gun? Did he explain why he moved the gun? He Was scared When Matthew put the gun back, he said he put it on Alex the way first responders found it with her hand on top.


I mean, why would you lay her hand back down? I, I was moving stuff. I was moving her. I was looking at her. That's all I know. I At that point were like, oh, what innocent person would sit do this? Yet Matthew continued to insist he was innocent. I gun off behind clothes I did not share. I didn't count It and he kept saying the door to the bathroom was shut. I don't know what happened. But you didn't buy it. No. And neither did Detective Zebra. Nope. But the detectives didn't know how they could prove it, and then they discovered a new piece of evidence. This is a big piece of the puzzle for you. Yes.


What do you think of Alex and Matthew's body language in the lobby? See a timeline of theCase@fortyeighthours.com?


Did You know that after World War ii, the US government quietly brought former Nazi scientists to America in a covert operation to advance military technology, or that in the 1950s, the US Army conducted a secret experiment by releasing bacteria over San Francisco to test how a biological attack might spread without alerting the public. These might sound like conspiracy theories, but they're not. They're well-documented government operations that have been hidden away in classified files for decades. I'm Luke Lamana, a Marine Corps recon vet, and I've always had a thing for digging into the unknown. It's what led me to start my new podcast, redacted Declassified Mysteries. In it, I explore hidden truths and reveal some eye-opening events like covert experiments and secret operations that those in power tried to keep bearing, follow, redacted, declassified mysteries with me. Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts to listen ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app


In the Pacific Ocean. Halfway between Peru and New Zealand lies a tiny volcanic island. It's a little known British territory called Pitcan, and it harbored a deep, dark scandal. There wouldn't be a girl on Pitcan once they reached the age of 10. That would still a virgin. It just happens to all. I'm journalist Luke Jones and for almost two years I've been investigating a shocking story that has left deep scars on generations of women and girls from Pitcan. When There's nobody watching, nobody going to report it, people will get away with what they can get away With. In the Pitcan Trials, I'll be uncovering a story of abuse and the fight for justice that has brought a unique lonely Pacific Island to the brink of extinction. Listen to the Pitcan Trials exclusively on Wondering. Plus join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify.


Okay, I didn't kill. Okay, I just want you to For hours. Matthew Acker insisted he did not kill Alex, that she locked herself in the bathroom and fired the shot. He said he had broken open the door only after the gun went off, I, I heard the gun go off and that's when I opened the door. But then Detective O'Donnell got a call from the forensic unit processing the scene. Once Alex was moved, they found underneath where Alex had been laying was a round metal piece, Which is this piece right here. Yes, O'Donnell says it's a piece at the bathroom door lock.


And because it was discovered on the floor under Alex's head as seen in the CBS news animation, it had to have gotten there while Alex was still alive. For us, it meant that the door was forced open before she was shot. The detective suspected Alex had locked the door to get away from Matthew. I believe that Alex and Matthew got in an argument. I believe that she went into the bathroom to be alone, not wanting to be with him, but When he broke open the door, they say that small piece of metal from the lock landed on the bathroom floor. He forced his way in and shot her Shot. They say Alex fell on top of the metal piece to the detectives.


It was the only way the piece could have ended up under her. Her Matthew Ecker was charged with second degree murder. His family was stunned. It's like, no, there's there's gotta be a mistake. It's just not his character. He's not gonna harm somebody on purpose. They hired criminal defense attorney Bruce Rivers. There's a reasonable doubt all over the place that this was a homicide. Rivers says there's another explanation for how that metal piece got under Alex. He said it could have ended up under her head when Matthew Ecker attempted to help her 'cause he did lift her head up.


But detectives point to the way Alex was found with her legs straddling the door. If Matthew Ecker had broken, open the door after hearing the gunshot, detectives say Alex's legs would've been pushed to the side. But ER's defense attorney says there was enough space in the bathroom that when the door was broken open, It went in between her legs. That is consistent in my opinion, with her laying there and having shot herself. And importantly, claims rivers. If his client had shot Alex, there would've been blood splatter on him. And that's not the case. There was not one speck of blood on his shirt, on his pants, on his face, anywhere whatsoever.


The detectives say that's because Ecker most likely had reached around the door while he was trying to force his way in and fired the shot. I Believe the door shielded him from the initial blood splatter. But River says it makes much more sense that Alex took her own life and he says forensic testing proves Ecker wasn't the one who fired the gun. It was Alex. There was gunshot residue on her left hand And was her DNA found on the gun? It was. There was also no gunshot residue on Ecker and his DNA was not found on the gun.


Detectives suspect that's because he wiped it clean before putting it on. Alex. There should be his DNA. It's your gun. You told us in an interview that you grabbed the gun. Your hands were all over that gun, but it was very clean. He admitted to having held the gun and moving the gun after the fact. Yet none of his DNA was found on the gun. How do you explain that? That's not uncommon. Just because you touched something doesn't mean that DNA is gonna be there. At the time of her death, Alex had almost three times the legal limit of alcohol and four different prescription medications in her system, including Prozac and Valium.


Although it wasn't the cause of her death to Rivers, it showed she was struggling, as did those texts. She had sent Ecker just a few days before her death. She was depressed because of her financial conditions, depressed because of her job situation. All these things compounded themselves. But detectives would discover something unusual about those prescription medications found at Alex's body. It turns out Matthew Ecker had prescribed them. He didn't tell us that he was prescribing her medication During the investigation. You found that out? Yes. Yes. Yeah. As a licensed nurse practitioner, Ecker had the authority to write prescriptions.


Though normally that authority is used for a patient. Alex was not. You would think you would send her to a doctor and have her see someone else. Was his prescribing medication considered illegal though? No. It's unethical, but it was not illegal. According to Cher's family, Matthew had good reason. She Was prescribed those medications originally by a medical doctor. So she had asked Matt if he could refill them. She would badger him And they point to multiple texts. Alex sent him days before her death asking him to refill medications, including, I need you to send in my immediate release Adderall script, make sure I have refills for my Trazodone and Meta Prolo two, please.


I have like three bottles of Prozac, so I'm good with that. Still Alex's family and friends say there is no excuse. I can't get over that. As a nurse practitioner, he should have known better. So his feeling sorry for your daughter or feeling like he was doing this in the best way to try to help her, you don't believe? I don't. That's the case. I Don't believe that at all. Especially for someone that Has a history of addiction. You don't prescribe it as a nurse practitioner, right? You say no. In February, 2024, Matthew ER's trial began. The detectives were confident.


They had an idea of why Matthew Ecker would've wanted Alex dead and it centered around their past romance. Maybe she said that she was gonna call his wife and tell his wife everything. And as far as a motive, what? What would be the motive? Keep her quiet so the wife doesn't find out. Sure. It would be nice if there was some evidence of that. I mean, it was just sheer speculation. There's nothing, not one scintilla of evidence that they were in any kind of dispute whatsoever. Instead, river says he's sure that night everything came to a head for Alex and she couldn't take it anymore. So when it boils down to it, this is a case about what the jury's gonna believe, Whether it's suicide or homicide.


And because the medical examiner had ruled Alex's manner of death could not be determined. Rivers brought in a second one who came to the same conclusion. Undetermined. If they can't determine it was a homicide, neither can you. But what would the jury think? When it was time for deliberations, everyone was nervous. It was obvious to me. Matt was concerned Selfishly, as a parent of Alex, we wanted to believe that he was guilty. But believing it, improving it are two different


things. Dracula the ancient vampire who terrorizes Victorian London, blood and garlic bats and crucifixes, Even, If. You haven't read the book. You think You know the story? One of the incredible things about Dracula is that not only is it this wonderful snapshot of the 19th century, but it also has so much resonance. Today The vampire doesn't cast a reflection in the mirror. So when we look in the mirror, the only thing we see is our own monstrous abilities From the host and producer of American history, tellers and History Daily comes the new podcast, the Real History of Dracula. We'll reveal how author Bram Stoker rated ancient folklore, exploited Victorian fears around sex, science and religion, and how even today we remain enthralled to his strange creatures of the night. You can binge all episodes of the real history of Dracula exclusively with Wondery Plus join Wondery. Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify,


It was 1983. Power suits and perms were all the rage, nightclubs, pulse with energy, and from bedrooms to boardrooms. Cocaine was the drug of choice. One woman was raking in cash to keep that supply chain moving. Her name was Laney Jacobs. But Lainey had her sight set higher. She dreamed of becoming a Hollywood movie producer. That's how it starts. Before it ends, someone will be shot dead. From Wondery in the team. Behind the hit series, Hollywood and Crime comes a gripping tale of ambition, betrayal, and the dark side of movie making. Follow Hollywood and Crime, the Cotton Club murder on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Listen everywhere on December 2nd, or you can binge all episodes early and ad free on Wondery. Plus, starting November 11th,


We got a call that there had been a a verdict. You just take this huge deep breath and like, oh my gosh. In February, 2024, after nine hours of deliberation, the jury came to a decision about Matthew Acker. Matthew was guilty, Guilty of second degree murder. Once we heard that, we were, we were very, we were very happy. We were sad. It was a relief because it didn't bring Alex back, but at least there was some justice served. But for Matthew ER's family, It was like a knife in the heart.


I, I couldn't even function. What did you see in your brother in that moment when the jury read the verdict? Just absolute tragedy. It was awful. Yeah. Two months later, on April 3rd, 2024, Matthew Ecker was back in court for sentencing. All rise is now in session. The owner will de is presiding. Now Paul, I understand there are people who wish to make statements today. So all this Will, Alex's friend Jillian addresses the court Countless times.


I picked up the phone to call Al, only to realize I won't ever hear her voice again of her and strive to live. Sarah echoes their loss. Alex really was a once in a lifetime kind of friend, and I remember Sarah, you were giving your statement and unfortunately that meant I was at the level of where Matt was. He was sitting and I was standing and I just kept looking over at him just so she could finally focus on trying to feel something. You know, trying to figure out what you're feeling and there was just nothing. Nothing. Alex's parents, Mary Joe and Jim implored the judge to impose a stiff sentence. Our hearts have been broken beyond repair and the future trajectory of our lives has been changed forever.


And the world lost a special soul and we lost our baby. Come On up. But Matthew Ecker family appealed for leniency. Matt is one of the kindest and most compassionate people we know. He has spent most of his adult life helping people and caring for people. I truly believe that Matt has so much more to offer to this world. In the end, It is the sentence of the law and the judgment of the court that you served 360 months with the Department of Corrections. The judge sentenced Matthew Ecker to 30 years for killing Alex.


You are remanded to the custody of the Department of Corrections In him. Sitting in prison for 30 years is just, it's just not acceptable. He's not a murderer. He didn't do this. We will fight until it's made right and we will not give up on him. Ecker and his wife are now divorced and she has full custody of their four children. His family says they have not been allowed any contact with the kids. That Has to be very hard as grandparents not having that connection.


Yeah, absolutely terrible. And I miss them so much. Is there something you, you would want them to know about their dad? They loves them and cares for them and misses them and we love them. As for Alex's family, there are questions they'd still like Ecker to answer. Why'd you do it? Why Questions with answers that may never come. What they do know is how they choose to honor Alex. One way is through her love for animals, including a serendipitous encounter Be somebody had dumped off our a little baby rooster and somehow it just migrated to our house.


So we built a chicken coop and we had now have 12 chickens. At what? At home. It's probably named Alex's coop. Yes. I have a feeling Alex maybe had a hand in bringing you that roo. I think you're right. Yeah. Oh, that's good though. And every month the Pennix get together with Sarah and Jillian. Then we just sit there and talk and cry and tell stories that, oh, Al would not want us to be telling Mary Jo, but we tell them because we're like, we have to relive some of these stories. Yes. Get to yourself Matric. When we first moved, Alex's boyfriend, Shane also struggles. It's Heartbreaking 'cause I, I love that girl and she deserves to be here.


She absolutely deserves to be here. The cemetery where Alex is buried is a short drive from where her parents live and they visit her as often as they can. Al I miss you kid. Yeah, this is tough. Love you honey. Bring me at peace. I miss you sweetheart.


Matthew Ecker is appealing his conviction.


If you like this podcast, you can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at wondery.com/survey.


Christine Herron was 15 years old in the spring of 1993 when she disappeared. And in over 30 years, there has been no trace of her. I did know before the night was over, she was dead. Though A story of murder and heartbreak and investigative error, He was 90% sure he was gonna be convicted From CBC podcasts. I'm David Ridge and this is Someone Knows something. Season nine, the Christine Herron case. Available now


From the award-winning Masters of Audio Horror. Oh, I see a face right up against the window. Bleach white, no hair, black eyes. A round hole for a mouth. It's flat. Taylor. It's completely flat. I don't know what that is. I don't know what kind of a head is flat Comes the return of dark sanctum. Mark. What is that coming under the door. It's blood. Seven original chilling tails. Inspired by the Twilight Zone and tails from the crypt. Get Back in your car, Lizzie. It's okay. I'm here Now. Josh, get in your car. Starring Bethany Joy lens. Clive Standin and Michael O'Neill. Welcome to the Dark Sanctum. Listen to Dark Sanctum season two exclusively on Wondery Plus. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify.