
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today. Fans of the 48 Hours podcast. Know that a good lead is always worth checking out. And if you're a listener who enjoys from the car, you'll wanna know that the National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an Adventure Ready RAV4 available with all Wheel drive. The new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain or wherever your story takes you. Or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander with three spacious rows of seating for up to eight passengers.


Plus both Rav fours and Highlanders are available in hybrid models. So no matter your style, you can drive efficiently and save on gas. Visit your local Toyota dealer and check out amazing National Sales Event deals on RAVs Highlanders and more. When you visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota. Let's go places. When an emergency strikes every second counts. For Doctors Without Borders, teams around the world Seconds can often mean the difference between life and death. So we don't waste a single one every second, and every dollar is a critical resource. That means more vaccines given, more wounds, bandaged, more surgeries performed, and more lifesaving research done.


We are counting on your support. Make a life-saving donation today@doctorswithoutborders.org slash cbs. Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds at Mint Mobile. We like to do the opposite of what Big Wireless does. They charge you a lot, we charge you a little. So naturally, when they announced they'd be raising their prices due to inflation, when decided to deflate our prices due to not hating you. That's right. We're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees, extra speeds, low or above 40 gigabytes C detail.


The street was blocked off and there was lots of fire trucks there. The house of fully involved in flames, I said It's at 9 51. And they said, yeah. And I said, that's my boyfriend's house. And they said, do you know how to get in touch with your boyfriend? I said, no, I haven't talked to him today. And I believe it was the police chief, I'm not sure, came up to me and said, are you the next of Ken? And I said, why? And they said, we found a body in The kitchen.


David Coffin was a 41-year-old male who was full of life, very attractive, a lot of fun. He was beautiful and outgoing and athletic. My name is Megan Lee and in 1996 I was dating David Coffin. He liked to ski hard slopes. He liked to live life to the fullest. Very Robert Redford esque. David came from the coffin family of the Northeast. It's a very prominent family. He was a good kid. He loved the outdoors. He had a big retriever and that dog, and he went absolutely everywhere.


Flames were shooting out of his roof, 20 to 30 feet in the air. When they got the fire under control, they walked through once, found nothing, walked through the second time, and actually a firefighter stepped on the body of David Coffin. People who die from the fire, they're usually found on their stomachs because they're trying to crawl out of the house. He was on his back when they discovered him. That led the firefighters to believe that he did not die from the fire, that this was a murder case. He literally was just executed in cold blood.


All that remained of David Coffin was charged remains. My name is Sheila Ross. I'm an assistant district attorney in Atlanta, Georgia. The fire to David Coffin's body and to his home was very, very devastating and destructive. We're talking no hairs, no fibers, no DNA, no fingerprints from any of the things that came from the home. At that point I had no idea who wanted to kill David Coffin. My world no longer made sense. It's the hardest case I have ever fought in my entire career.


The ghost of David Coffin, tonight's 48 hours mystery. It was the most tragic, unbelievable time of my life. It Was late at night on December 10th, 1996 when Megan Lee watched firemen struggle to gain control of the inferno at the home of her boyfriend, David Coffin, His best friend, came on scene and I had to tell him that David was dead.


You see flames shooting out of the roof of your best friend's house. The feelings are horrible. Like Megan Craig Foster was also in disbelief. You think Jesus this like a movie. You don't know what to think. Their grief and fear only deepened when fire officials revealed that David had died before the fire even started. All I remember is laying down on the pavement, hysterical, Adding to the horror. It was the second time that same night, someone close to Megan was the victim of violence.


The first incident involved her estranged husband, Scott Davis. Scott told her he had been ambushed that evening, right in front of his house, The person was wearing a ski mask, put a gun to his head, sprayed him in the face with mace and said, stay away from Megan. And my name is actually pronounced Megan. Now, hours later, Megan's soon to be ex-husband had even more bad news. He said, oh my God, I was attacked again tonight. I've got police here. In that second attack, Scott Davis said the assailant used his gun patrolman.


Michael O'Connor took the report. The suspect turned around and shot at Scott Davis. Scott then returned fire with five rounds from a shotgun. The suspect was able to hop the fence and and run off. Scott also said that before all the shooting the man set fire to the back of his house by the patio. Scott managed to put it out, but the timing was terrifying. It was just hours after David's house was set a flame. It was a fairly bizarre kind of a copycat kind of a thing going on that was very confusing to all of us. Homicide Detective Rick Chambers naturally suspected there had to be a link between the two victims.


The same person that killed David Coffin's gonna be the same person that attacked. Scott wanted to get his story while it was still fresh in his mind. Although she was connected to both victims, Mingan could not imagine who would commit the crimes, who would attack her estranged husband. And why would that same person cut down her new boyfriend? David Coffin in the prime of his life. He was just a really laid back, nice easy Hanukah character. He showed me lots of attention and lots of affection, and he was gorgeous. You know, Bob Coffin has fond memories of his older brother.


He was very much his own man. He was very independent minded and he played by his own rules and it was a great set of rules. David was a 41-year-old entrepreneur looking for business ventures in Atlanta. When a friend introduced him to Megan, They were like any couple that was six months into an early romance. Craig began to wonder if David's bachelor days were numbered. David and Megan did get serious rather quickly. She had a lot of the qualities that he desired, But there was one rather sticky issue. Megan's divorce from Scott Davis was not yet final.


I was very honest with him that I was gonna go on with my life and that included dating other people. David Coffin spent Thanksgiving week with his father and told him about his new girlfriend. See would say, he'd say, dad, you'd love her. Did you think you would be meeting her soon? Yes. Oh, I would put money on it, But David Coffin Sr. Patriarch of a wealthy and established New England clan was a cautious man. He advised his son to take his time. I said, all right, but be be very careful. Did he tell you she was married still? She told me the whole story.


Were you concerned? I was concerned. In fact, Scott Davis was not quite ready for divorce and was having a hard time letting Megan go. He kept on talking about this line, don't cross this line. And what was the Line? The line was having an intimate relationship with somebody. And Were you sleeping With David? And so I crossed that line. After Thanksgiving, David returned to Atlanta and spent the next weekend at Megan's apartment. Here was this smart, interesting, attractive man, you know, wanting to spend time with me, and that felt really, really nice.


That Sunday morning, David came home and found someone had broken in. The TV was pulled over the office and the desk was all in disarray. The drawers were open. Most of his prize possessions were there, but a few were missing, including watches, guns and his beloved Porsche. It Was a special car that was a collector type car that they didn't make many of. Two days later, David's house was torched and he was dead in the wee hours. Megan went to the police station to give a statement. She wasn't alone though. Scott Davis was there too.


He was the only person that who had actually seen an assailant or actually had a conversation with an assailant. But the more Scott Davis spoke, the more suspicious Detective Chambers grew about what he was saying, especially one critical detail. He said, I didn't shoot him, I didn't shoot David. And what struck you about that statement? I didn't know how David Kaufman had died. No one knew. And that was the first time the penny dropped. And I went, oh my God. Oh my God.


There's a lot happening in the world, especially during the holidays. It's hard to stay on top of it all. Luckily, audible's, best of 2024 picks are here so you don't miss a single standout title from this past year. From memoirs and sci-fi to mysteries and thrillers, romance and wellbeing or fiction, audible's, carefully curated list in every category is the best way to catch up on the year's top titles in audio entertainment. There's the star-studded production of George Orwell's 1984, which both honors and reinvigorates the terrifying classic or romances that hit the spotlight. Like Emily Henry's funny story, even Heartfelt memoirs and Supreme Court Justice Kaji, brown Jackson's lovely one delivers. If you're trying to look ahead to 2025 and focus on self-improvement, let hosts Williams, Sinclair Moore and Paige Gilbert take you on a spiritual journey with Sage.


The House down. Don't stop there or go to Audible dot com slash cbs pod and discover all the years best waiting for you. That's Audible dot com slash cbs pod Audible. There's more to imagine when you listen. Hi listeners. This episode is brought to you in part by Echo Kids. Echo Do Kids is a cute smart speaker with Alexa made just for kids. Echo Dot Kids can help foster your children's independence by allowing them to learn and explore. Kids can express their unique personalities by customizing their device with fun greetings, jokes and character inspired songs. Plus, with features like math help and trivia quizzes, your kid will always be learning. You can have peace of mind. Knowing Echo Kids automatically gives kid friendly answers and filters out explicit music.


Purchase of an Echo Kids comes with one year of Amazon Kids, plus a digital subscription designed for kids age three to 12 to learn, grow, and explore. Shop the device this holiday season at amazon.com/echo Kids. The whole story itself, when you started taking it apart, started falling apart like a House of Cards. Detective Rick Chambers was convinced that the man who murdered David Coffin had given himself away. He did Say that David was shot. I think yeah, he think so. I think I did.


Even before investigators knew how David died, Scott Davis was telling them it was a gunshot. He said that's what Megan, his estranged wife told him When I heard that from her, that's what you know. That's what I thought I heard. So you told, you heard that. I thought I heard her tell me that he was shot. I'm telling you what I thought I heard. You know, I mean, has guns gone off everywhere today? And I mean, this is hard for me, But Megan said she had no idea how David died. And the detective in charge now seriously doubted Scott's claim that someone had also attacked him. Whoever had done this had killed one person and burned a house.


Why did he let Scott live? You gonna set a fire on try to burn somebody's house down, you gonna set it on their concrete patio? So this was not adding up to you? No. Scott was the prime suspect, but he was hardly a typical murder suspect. It was disbelief. Scott's father, Dr. Dave Davis, is a prominent Atlanta psychiatrist. My Whole family was very upset, very broken hearted, surprise shocked, A forensic psychiatrist. None Of this surprises Dr. Dave Davis and Atlanta Psych who made media appearances profiling criminals. Well, there's not just one motivation.


Some are revenge motivated. He now found himself defending his own son. Scott has never been in trouble. He, I mean, he's never done anything like this. I've never known him to be violent. The whole thing just seemed outrageous to me. Scott was a 24-year-old graduate student when he met 19-year-old Megan Lee. He was running for county commissioner. He had just finished his MBA. I mean, he seemed very mature to me and at the time that was really attractive and he seemed grown up where I was just trying to be grown up. They dated for five years, but it was a rocky relationship.


We broke up a lot during our relationship, always initiated by me. I just kept on feeling like we weren't really connecting in the way that I wanted to connect. After every breakup, Scott would beg for another chance. Often in writing, He would always say that he had changed, that he had realized all these things about himself and that he was making big changes as in his life and And you believed Him? Absolutely. Every time I ended up believing him. You eventually, Scott and Megan married, I was very able to talk everybody into this, including myself, that we always got back together.


He loves me so much. We want the same things out of life. These are all good foundations for marriage. A European magazine featured their wedding with a photo spread calling the event the perfect American wedding Hollywood style. The wedding itself was magnificent and one of the was Scott happy. Most beautiful weddings I've ever I've ever been to. Yes. You think he was happy when they got married? Oh yes. And I think they both were happy when they got married Professionally. Scott Davis's star was rising as a technology consultant, but he is personal. Life was soon in trouble. He seemed to lose interest in the relationship very, very quickly.


So I think he liked the chase more than he liked the prize. He didn't seem interested in me or our relationship at all. The minute we got married in any area, In any area, In any area, After just two years, Megan filed for divorce and left him. When you moved out in your mind, that was it. That was it. You Never had a second thought about getting back together. Never a second thought. Scott reverted to old habits, pleading with her in multiple, often lengthy letters. I think you're the most wonderful and gorgeous woman on this earth.


I wanna give you everything in life. You want Letters that took an ominous turn when Scott got wind that Megan was hitting it off with a man he knew. Multiple dates with one person leads to expectations, which do not bode well with me. This is especially true with a person such as Dave. If things with other men are getting sexual for you, I will never be able to forgive that. Considering we are married, He was even by his accounts, you know, quite committed to pursuing her and getting her back. This was a pattern. He's a persistent guy. I taught him to be persistent so he kept thinking she was gonna come back.


But persistence seemed to turn to obsession In December 1996, during that weekend that David and Megan spent together at her apartment. Scott called Friday night, five, six times, I think in the middle of the night. Saturday night he called 30 times. When David got home Sunday morning to find his house vandalized, he called police, but he and his friend Craig Foster thought they already knew who was responsible. The only thing we could come up with was that Scott Davis had come over upset the night before because he knew that David was with Megan and had ransacked the house.


Craig advised David to back off from Megan until her divorce was final And he agreed. Now I don't know whether he ever could have done that because I think David was falling in love with Megan at this point. That Tuesday night David was found dead and within hours, Megan's estranged husband was talking to the police. The more he talks, the less believable the story is. On Wednesday, Scott left Megan. One last desperate message. I Just got back from the police station and dude really getting in my face telling me that they thought I had something to do with this and I hope you don't believe that.


Please Call me. Please call me. Please call me. And you never called him back. Never Called him back. Three days after David Coffin's body was found, Scott Davis was arrested. Police do say though that coffin and Davis knew each other. Perhaps The man who claimed to be a victim was now a murder suspect. At which time the details of the state's case against him may be revealed. And you felt the case was strong? Oh, I, I knew the case was strong. He had motive, he had opportunity and he was providing us with our case.


When I first met Scott, he was absolutely. How did you know Mr. Just unbelievably frightened that the police were focusing on him in a murder case? Attorney Bruce Morris began representing Scott Davis the day he became a murder suspect. You know, he's an interesting fellow. He grew up in a, in a wonderful family and had all of the opportunities that you would want to have growing up. Morris was hired by psychiatrist Dave Davis. Scott's father. Have you never met anyone who was acting normally all along and snapped? Yeah, but he, he, I don't, he didn't. I was talking to him through that period of time.


He wasn't snapping. But Detective Rick Chambers says Scott came unhinged when he soon to be ex-wife. Megan started showing serious interest in another man. Scott Davis had everything wanted all his life and the one thing he lost couldn't stand it. Chambers believes Scott Davis killed David Coffin, then tried to cover his tracks by inventing a fictitious assailant. Well, what he's actually trying to do was say, Hey there no way I could have done this. See 'cause I'm a victim as well.


Police used phone records and witness statements to create a timeline showing that Scott had ample opportunity to execute the crimes on Saturday night. They believe while David was with Megan Scott ransacked David's home and took a few choice treasures. One thing David Coffer loves supposedly was that Porsche On Monday night, they say Scott returned this time to confront David. Do I think Scott Davids went there with the intention of killing David Coffin at night? No, I don't think so. I think he went there in intention to scare him. Bob, small struggling suit Scott shot him.


Then on Tuesday night Chamber says Scott returned again and set the fire. A lot of physical evidence right there where that fire was at. But the timeline had a problem. David's stolen. Porsche was also set on fire. It was found Tuesday morning miles from where Scott was seen at work. Scott could not have started the Porsche fire. After 90 days in jail, Scott posted a half million dollar bond and was released. Can you definitively answer the question? Did Scott Davis kill David Coffin?


I can tell you that Scott Davis, from the first moment I ever met him has unequivocally said, I am innocent. I didn't do this. The pending case against Scott Davis had other issues. A gun taken in the burglary was found near David's body, but was too badly burned to have any prints on it. There's no physical evidence against Scott whatsoever. There's no DNA no fibers. A search of Scott's house and car also came up empty. None of the stuff that was stolen from David Kaufman was linked to Scott, nothing like that. The District attorney chose not to seek an indictment. And in June, 1998, 18 months after Scott Davis was arrested, the charges against him were dropped.


We believe the case was absolutely completely and forever over. Scott's divorce from Megan Lee was now final, but Megan wasn't taking any chances. Megan says she felt she had to get out of town first. She moved to Minneapolis, but she still didn't feel safe. Eventually she moved here halfway around the world to Sydney, Australia, which is about as far away from Atlanta and from Scott Davis as she could get. Who do you think is responsible for David Coffin's death? Scott Davis. I would love to believe that it was anyone else other than the person that I'd been married to.


But I know, I know nothing else makes sense. And I've tried. Scott also left Atlanta and moved to Palo Alto, California And he's technological wizard Where he set up shop as a computer consultant. Well, he was very successful. I had a lot of friends. He was in a hall cabin, But Scott Davis's newfound freedom was not sitting well with David Coffin Sr. I would. I was not a happy camper. Did you ever suspect it could have been someone else? No. You've always and immediately, no question. No question.


Absolutely no question. In my mind, Coffin made relentless efforts to keep the case active. Were you pressuring the da? Well, I told him I wasn't gonna go anywhere. He offered rewards, substantial rewards. The reward went from $100,000 to $200,000 to $300,000. Correct. But as the years passed, little new evidence surfaced. Megan was now happily married to an Australian man and had two children, but she was never able to shake her past. There has not been a day in 10 years that I've not thought about the events of December 96.


Not a day. Scott meanwhile was getting ambitious. In 2003, California's governor was recalled sparking a wild free for all election. San Jose Mercury news reporter, Josh Kwan got a tip to check out one of the 135 hopefuls. I was, I was shocked. I was stunned. A candidate named Scott Davis, He had sort of a sense of himself that he was, he was meant for more and that being a business consultant wasn't gonna be his legacy. When Quan asked Scott about his arrest for David Coffin's murder, Scott told him the charges had been dropped.


There was no evidence against him. And he said, you know, this wouldn't have happened to me if it wasn't for my ex-wife. And he said that Megan, his ex-wife, was the one who sort of incited the police to go after him. He has to live with the fact that he murdered David and and I was hoping that was destroying him when he ran for governor of California. That's when I realized I thought, you know what? He hasn't given this a second thought With his past outed Scott gave up his run for governor, but he was now under new scrutiny in Atlanta.


Would you describe him as a smart person? I think he's very smart, but he's impulsive. Enter prosecutor Sheila Ross. She was heading a cold case unit and taking a fresh look at the old evidence. And when I looked at everything, I was literally disgusted. I was disgusted that he had gotten away with it. The state had virtually no new evidence against Scott Davis. What There was now a very determined prosecutor. The defendant is wealthy and un, let's face it, he's, he's wealthy and comes from a very good family here in Atlanta. And that creates a whole new dynamic.


Why? It's a different dynamic because wealthy people have advantages that poor people do not have and they work the legal system. This time the DA convened a grand jury and Scott Davis was indicted. In November, 2005, Scott was arrested again and charged with murder. So when he was arrested, what was your reaction? Outrage. Just outrage. He was able to post a million dollar bond and was released. Dr. Davis, is there any, any shred of doubt in your mind of Scott's innocence?


None Whatsoever. But after nearly 10 years, Scott Davis is about to stand trial for the murder of David Coffin. You can't always see bad weather coming, so it's essential that you're able to see through it when you drive Michelin wiper blaze With advanced technology, hug your windshield like a Michelin tire. Hugs the road, channeling away water, snow, and ice so you can see clearly drive confidently and breathe Easy Michelin wiper performance clearer than ever. Upgrade to Michelin premium wipers today at your local auto parts retailer.


Hey Prime members. Have you heard? You can listen to your favorite podcast ad free Good news with Amazon Music you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcast. That's amazon.com/ad free podcast to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads. 10 long years after David Coffin's house was set on fire. Alright, Scott Davis is finally standing trial for murder.


I'm innocent and I feel very confident that I will be Acquitted. Do you believe him? Absolutely. At his side. Christine Bradley, a paralegal on his team whom he has been dating. I didn't think this would ever go to trial This spring in the jury. I wasn't going to give up David Coffin. Senior's persistence has paid off. I was in it for life. Sometimes to do the right thing, you just have to take a chance. Prosecutor Sheila Ross knows there is no physical evidence he Did not commit these Crimes. And defense attorney Bruce Morris wastes no time pointing that out. There is no DNA evidence, there is no blood evidence.


Most of that burned in the fire and virtually all the evidence that was collected more than 40 items has been lost or discarded by the state. Only photographs remain. And you believe that any one of these items had you had access to them, could have exonerated? Scott Certainly could have helped us with leads, yes, But Ross contends she can prove that Scott Davis had a motive to kill. He was a competitive man who wasn't gonna lose his wife to the likes of David Coffin. And he targeted the competition. He hunted his competition. He stalked his competition and he ultimately killed him.


Ross called Scott's former wife to the stand. Do you Recognize the person in state's exhibit Four? That's Dave c Megan Lee, the woman Scott. Once So doggedly pursued, has voluntarily flown in from Australia. I didn't feel like I could breathe when I first got up there. Is that The person that you were dating? It was, yes. How important is Megan to this case? Megan is is the motive. I think the case would have been very difficult without her. Sorry. Over the course of three grueling days, Megan testifies about her failed marriage. The Minute we got married, he wanted nothing to do with me.


I felt very alone in my marriage. Megan, please pick up the phone. I need to talk to you about this stuff. She listens to Scott's messages pleading for her to come home. Megan, please, please, you're killing me. Please for me. And tells jurors about Scott's fixation with the new man in her life. He kept on saying, I know David's there. I know David's there. And was David there? Yes. He was. Perhaps most important to the state's case. Megan contends that when she told Scott about the fire at David's house, Scott said something very incriminating. He said, oh my God, the police are here with me.


And they said they had just come from a scene in Buckhead where a guy had been shot in the head and his house had been burned down. David Coffin had been shot in the head. That comment Scott allegedly made is key to the case because at the time, police didn't even know how David had died. So the question is, did Scott slip up and say something? Only the killer could have known. Are you 100% certain that it was Scott who told you? 100% certain. Remember Scott said he was Megan Who told him about the shooting? If Megan knew first. How do you think Megan knew that information?


I Don't know is the answer. Megan admits that initially she told police she didn't know how David died and all the horrors she says she forgot, but she now remembers she told friends about the shooting. After talking with Scott, you did not tell Scott no that David Coffin had been shot in the head. No. Do you think Megan is lying? I think Megan said it. Whether she was hysterical and doesn't remember it or is lying about it, I don't know. Ross says the real liar is Scott Davis. He did himself in. He did himself in she says by spinning an elaborate tale about being a victim, Like he's being haunted by the ghost of David Coffin.


And he started realizing all the mistakes that he may have made in perpetrating the crime and then he impulsively tries to cover up what he had done. It was If he was coming by us with a flashing signs and follow Me. Police testify. They found nothing to corroborate Scott's story. No evidence that someone took a shot at him. Nothing that indicated a shell casing from a handgun. No signs that Scott had shot an assailant despite his claims that he shot at someone five times. That he small backyard getting Shot with a shotgun's fairly traumatic. So it should have left some indication if he had been hit and we didn't locate anything like that. Raw says Scott kept digging himself a deeper hole.


It's his impulsiveness that did him in. 'cause he's always trying to outthink the police. He's trying to outthink everybody. Outsmart everybody. Good morning. She says Scott even tried to enlist a friend to provide a false alibi. He Said, let's get our story straight Instead. That friend turned on Scott and called the authorities. It is the coverup that gets him in the end, But Christine Bradley insists there was nothing to cover up. I was sitting next to an innocent man. Was that difficult for you during the trial? Dating someone who's accused of murder? Stressful. Certainly never worked so hard in my life. Alright, let's bring in the jury When the defense lays out its case, you swore From the Testimony Dr. Davis takes the stand.


He tells jurors about the toll the accusations first took on his son 10 years ago. He sounded panicked and terrorized. I'd never ever heard him like that before. It was consistent with just being accused of a crime that he did not commit. When did you see Scott next? Davis also provides his son an alibi for Saturday evening. Around the same time the state believes David's house was ransacked Came over to my house. It was about six 30. I was, I remember I was watching the news That takes prosecutor Kelly Hill by surprise.


The first time you ever told anyone in law enforcement that your son was at your home on Saturday, December 7th is as you sit here today before this jury. Isn't that correct Dr. Davis? Correct. Do you think Dr. Davis was lying? I think he was. Yeah. But the state cannot dismiss the fact that David's stolen Porsche was found burning around the time Scott had a meeting at work. Scott Davis may not have lit the actual match to the Porsche. Do you today believe it's possible that somebody else helped him? I Absolutely believe that it is possible that somebody else helped him. Yes. After Nearly six weeks in court, he Killed his competition And more than 60 witnesses.


Where is the evidence The trial ends without Scott taking the stand? I watched him like a hawk. Just like a hawk. Did he ever make eye contact with you? Yeah, I could stare him down any day With the case. In the jury's hands, there is a lot at stake for Scott Davis. In your mind. It's absolutely not possible that he had anything to do with this. Absolutely not possible. There's a lot at stake for Christine Bradley too. Are you in love with Scott? Yes. Very much so. Is he in love with you? Yes. Very much so.


Gain specialized knowledge at the crossroads of real estate sustainability built environments and infrastructure with Georgetown's one year master's in global Real assets. Learn to make investment decisions across the built environment from traditional real estate to infrastructure and sustainability. Plus you'll get firsthand experience underwriting live deals in hands-on real estate clinics, and with personalized career coaching as well as access to a robust network of business school alumni and industry leaders, you'll be equipped for success. It's time to tap into the rapidly expanding career opportunities in global real assets, including real estate infrastructure, private equity, and energy resources.


Earn a master's in global real assets from Georgetown to gain in-demand skills and stand out in the real estate industry. Explore the program at msb.georgetown.edu/g-podcast From the award-winning masters of Audio Horror. Oh, I see a face right up against the window. Bree White, no hair, black eyes. A round hole for a mouth. It's flat. Taylor. It's completely flat. I don't know what that is. I don't know what kind of a head is. Flat Comes the return of dark sanctum. Fuck. What is that coming under the door.


It's blood. Seven original chilling tales inspired by the Twilight Zone and tails from the crypt. Get back in your car, Lizzie. It's okay. I'm here now. Josh, get in your car. Starring Bethany Joy lens. Clive Standin and Michael O'Neill. Welcome To the dark sanctum. Listen to dark sanctum Season two exclusively on Wondery Plus. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app Apple podcasts for Spotify.


After Testifying at Scott Davis's murder trial, Megan Lee has flown home to Australia, but she's still thinking about David Coffin. He was the most down to earth unpretentious guy you can imagine. He had a great laugh and a wickedly good sense of humor. David's father is glad he finally got to meet the woman his son was. Once so taken with, I told her, I said, I I think it was wonderful of you to come all the way to do this, to set yourself up for a difficult time.


And she said, I felt I had to do it for the coffin family. Ah, that showed a lot of guts. I obviously saw what David saw in her As the jury deliberates. Scott's girlfriend, defense team paralegal. Christine Bradley waits anxiously. How is Scott feeling going into deliberations? Helpless. Nervous Of course. Hours turn into days. Then court recesses for the weekend with no verdict.


Scott and Christine relieve some tension by watching his old high school play football. No way. The following Monday after nearly four days of deliberations. Okay, I understand we have a verdict. Scott and Christine will soon find out they'll be able to leave the courtroom together. We can bring in the jury. Defendant please rise. Prosecutor Sheila Ross warns the coffin family that there are no guarantees. I told them to expect anything.


Your Honor, on this fourth day of December, 2006, That anything is possible. State of Georgia versus Scott Winfield Davis. And just brace for impact. We, the jury finds Scott Davis guilty. It is a bittersweet victory for David's father. When you heard the word guilty, I just broke up. Was that the first time in 10 years? First time. But for Scott's parents, it is a devastating blow. When the jury walked in the room, I could tell by the look on their faces. They, they, none of them, not one jury person looked at us and my heart sank.


Couldn't believe it. Christine can't believe it either. I, I was absolutely not prepared for a guilty verdict. While Christine faces an uncertain future, I, Megan, he's finally able to come to terms with her past. I just felt like, oh my God, I'm not scared anymore.


And I don't think I was truly sort of recognizing how scared I was until they said We find Scott Davis guilty At the sentencing. David's brother Bob speaks for the coffin family. Thank you, your Honor. Ladies and gentlemen, David Coffin Jr. Was burglarized shot in the head and had his body burned at the hands of a coward. So then, was it worth all of the agony and the conversations and the pushing and the prodding At the end of the day? You bet. Justice served. The sentence is mandatory. Okay, Mr. Davis, if you'll please rise.


You've been found guilty of the crime charge and I sentenced you to life in prison. But just before he's led away, Scott Davis addresses the court for the first time. Your Honor, I have nothing but sympathy and I feel nothing but empathy for the coffin family and their loss. However, I have maintained my innocence throughout this and I still maintain my innocence. Thank you. Thank Ms. Davis. This court stands Adjourned After his conviction. Scott asked his girlfriend to read a letter he had written to 48 hours. I can't explain in words the horrible feeling of being sentenced to life in prison for a crime you didn't commit.


I with my family, friends and attorneys will fight with all my strength and courage to regain my deserved freedom. Until then, I will not rest. How long do you think you'll stay together under these conditions? I'm not going anywhere, But she may be waiting a long time. David's father is determined to keep Scott right where he is. Should he be in prison for life? Yeah. At the least. Yes. This is the last picture that was taken of David, and that was two weeks before he passed away. It was on that fateful weekend that his son told him about the new woman in his life, Megan Lee.


He said to his father about you, this might be the real deal. How do you feel about that? When he died, we never had a first fight. We never had a disagreement. This is how he died. The perfect man. If You like this podcast, you can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app.


Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at wondery.com/survey. You don't believe in ghosts? I get it. Lots of people don't. I didn't either until I came face to face with them. Ever since that moment, hauntings spirits and the unexplained have consumed my entire life. I'm Nadine Bailey. I've been a ghost tour guide for the past 20 years. I've taken people along with me into the shadows, uncovering the macabre tales that linger in the darkness and inside some of the most haunted houses, hospitals, prisons, and more.


Join me every week on my podcast Haunted Canada as we journey through terrifying and bone chilling stories of the unexplained search for haunted Canada. On Apple podcast, Spotify, Amazon Music, or wherever you find your favorite podcasts In the Pacific Ocean. Halfway between Peru and New Zealand lies a tiny volcanic island. It's a little known British territory called Pitcan, and it harbored a deep, dark scandal. There wouldn't be a girl on Pitcan once they reached the age of 10.


That would still a virgin. It just happens to all. I'm journalist Luke Jones and for almost two years I've been investigating a shocking story that has left deep scars on generations of women and girls from Pit can. When There's nobody watching, nobody going to report it. People will get away with what they can get away With. In the Pitcan trials, I'll be uncovering a story of abuse and the fight for justice that has brought a unique lonely Pacific Island to the brink of extinction. Listen to the Pitcan trials exclusively on Wondery Plus join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify, Dracula, the ancient vampire who terrorizes Victorian London blood and garlic bats and crucifixes.


Even if you haven't read the book, you think you know the story. One of the incredible things about Dracula is that not only is it this wonderful snapshot of the 19th century, but it also has so much resonance. Today, The vampire doesn't cast a reflection in the mirror. So when we look in the mirror, the only thing we see is our own monstrous abilities From the host and producer of American History Tellers and History Daily comes the new podcast, the Real History of Dracula. We'll reveal how author Bram Stoker rated ancient folklore, exploited Victorian fears around sex, science and religion, and how even today we remain enthralled to his strange creatures of the night.


You can binge all episodes of the real history of Dracula exclusively with Wondery Plus join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify.