
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


A successful investigation needs facts, creative thinking, and lots of imagination. And that's why 48 hours listeners love Audible with Audible. There's more to imagine when you listen As. an Audible member You could choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest, best sellers and new releases. I recommend the Berman Murders by Doug Carey, a true crime saga set in the Mojave Desert New. members can try Audible free for 30 days, Visit Audible dot com slash 48 hours, or text 48 hours to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash 48 hours. or text 48 hours to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash 48 hours.


In May of 19 92, 9 days after marrying her high school sweetheart, 20-year-old Jennifer Judd was killed in her apartment. She was stabbed with knives that were just given to her as a wedding gift. Police immediately suspect a friend of the couple, but they never close the case. Then a decade later, a different man confesses, but that confession is dismissed on Who killed Jennifer Judd. A podcast from ID investigator Sarah Kalin attempts to solve this 3-year-old cold case. She speaks with Jennifer's friends and family in hopes of understanding Jennifer's life and her tragic death. She also tries to uncover why the police dismiss the confession of convicted murderer. Jeremy Jones. Listen to who killed Jennifer Judd. Wherever you get your podcasts,


Tory Pines is a beautiful piece of nature in Southern California. What's beautiful about a beach is also what's dangerous about it. There's a very different vibe of what it feels like to be there in the middle of the day versus 10 at night. There is a little feeling of you don't know exactly what's out there. In 1978, Barbara Nanta and Jamal decided to go on a camping trip to the beach at Torry Pines. Stole my heart the minute I saw her. You know, it's that feeling everyone gets, you know when you, when you find that person that fits, They were really good together. They loved each other. They had so much fun together, and you could see it.


Barbara She was outspoken, very popular, funny Jim, great personality. He was the life of the party, and my sister was like that too. Barbara and Jim set up their sleeping bags on the beach itself, and it was sometime in the night after they had fallen asleep that they were attacked. Jim Alt had been beaten and was very severely injured. I was knocked unconscious. I couldn't protect her. I couldn't defend myself. My dad looked at me and said, your sister's been murdered. I didn't find out till years later how bad it really was. I'm gonna say the body was around this position here somewhere.


They found her lying here nude, and she also had some, some cut marks on one of her breasts. Who would wanna kill her? When and why? Six years later in 1984, another young woman, Claire Hoff, who was 14, was found murdered on Torry Pines at nearly the identical location. I just said, don't go down there alone. I think about her just about every day. She was my best friend. You get to this crime scene, look at the body and see what Again, there was a mutilation of the breast. My first thought was, Hey, this is very similar to the one that happened six years ago.


How much evidence was there? How many leads? Not any at all, really. I just remember going crazy in my mind. Is there something I'm not remembering? Is there something I saw? I want to put a face to this crime 'cause it's been faceless for almost 37 years. There really was no big break until 2012 when police finally got hits on the DNA evidence that they had from the crime scene. San Diego police have identified a former San Diego police criminalist as one of two suspects in the 1984 murder of 14-year-old Claire Huff. It was a big surprise that of all people in the world, you could find as a suspect that it would be somebody who had actually worked for the police department.


He had a Nickname in the crime lab, right? You know what that Was? His nickname was Kinky. He liked strip clubs. He liked taking pictures of women. My husband didn't do it. He didn't go after teenagers. I knew they were wrong. This has multiple suspects. There are a variety of motives as a murder mystery. This has everything you would want. Richard Schlesinger reports Blood in the sand every morning for the last 37 years.


Jim Al wakes up terrified, thinking that it's 1978, that he's just been brutally attacked on Tory Pines beach. When I become aware that I'm awake, I do not open my eyes. I put my hands on the bed and I feel for that sheet, or I feel for sand of a beach. You still Do that? Yes, sir. I, before my eyes are open, I wanna know where I'm at. It wasn't always this way. The beach used to be Jim's second home, A safe place, a fun place, and you were a big surfer. Absolutely. There's not a feeling on earth like surfing. It's just there's a, a big rush in inside your body.


Rick SGA has felt that rush. He was one of Jim's good friends back then. Who was the better surfer between The two of you? Probably he was. Do you remember what he was like back then? He was a big, strong, funny, happy guy. He was probably the, the guy that everybody looked up to, And this is probably one reason why Jim was featured in a wetsuit ad in Surfer Magazine. We were rock stars. Yeah. All of us in there. When that, when that magazine, that issue came out, we, we autographed quite a few And he had a lot of girls that liked him, but he didn't see anybody else but her.


Jim Alt only had eyes for 15-year-old Barbara Nantes. They were the all American couple. Jim the surfer had had been dating Barbara the cheerleader for nine months. Man, just a beautiful girl. Brown hair, brown eyes. Oh yeah. I was in love with her the minute I saw her. They were introduced by Barbara's sister, Sue She was outspoken, really stubborn and set in her ways. We had lots of arguments and fights and disagreements as sisters do. Barbara's parents, Ralph and Judy Antes knew they had their work cut out for them pretty early on. So she wasn't just another pretty face.


No, she wasn't. She was tough as nails. She was a popular, defiant, beautiful pain in the ass. Wonderful daughter, you know, God gave her to me to keep me humble and it worked. On the weekend of August 12th, 1978, Ralph and Judy Nantes left town to visit some friends. A family friend was looking after Barbara and her three siblings before leaving Ralph Nantes took Jim Alt aside. What did you tell him? Take care of my girl. Okay. And make sure that she's safe. I told her father and, and mother, you know, that we would stay put.


And again, that, that, you know, I've said it before. It's the biggest mistake or the biggest lie I've ever told in my life. Almost as soon as Barbara's parents left, she and Jim hopped into a station wagon with Rick SGA and his girlfriend, and they all drove off to the beach. I remember as they pulled off though, just saying, you guys better be careful, you know, and they're kind of like, yeah, ha ha My sister's like, see ya. The four friends eventually ended up at Tory Pines Beach. The parking lot was filled with people. It was like a big party Around 9:30 PM The friends called it a night.


Rick and his girlfriend decided to sleep in the station wagon, and Jim and Barbara went down to the beach for some privacy. I zipped the sleeping bags together and, and we, we crawl in him and, and went to sleep. She was in my arms. That's the last thing I remember. The next morning, Jim woke up cold and alone and wet. He was covered in blood. I'm freezing. I'm, I'm feeling for Barbara. Don't know where she is. I don't know anything. I can't see anything. Don't hear anything. He was blinded and disoriented. So Jim had to feel his way along a fence, up the sandy hill to the parking lot where his friends were sleeping in the car.


Jim came up here and he, he was down low like this, and he wrapped on the window And what did he look like then? His face was swollen blood all over his blonde hair, you know, and he was, his head was probably about that big. Jim had been savagely beaten with a rock and a log from a fire pit on the beach. Did he say anything to you? He goes, go find Barb. So I ran down to the beach looking for her, and She was there.


Barbara's nude lifeless body lay on the beach. I was thinking about what do I do? I, I think that I just yelled at some people to call the police. Homicide officers ate what started out as an evening with friends, turned out to be a night of death. Paul Ido was a sergeant for the San Diego Police Department. He was one of the first investigators on the scene When we uncovered the body. It was covered with sand. She had some very severe looking wounds on her head, looked like she'd probably been struck with something. Perhaps the rocks that we found nearby, Barbara's murder had been vicious.


There was sand in her mouth, and the killer left a gruesome mark. It appeared that somebody had taken a sharp instrument and cut around the areola of her breast and also around the nipple of the breast. So she'd been sort of mutilated, Mutilated. Later on, it was determined that she had been raped and, and sodomized. Soon after Barbara's parents were notified, And I just started screaming, no, no, no, I, I must just said it 50 times. It's like somebody took a sledgehammer and hit me in the head because we didn't even know that the kids were down there. We had no idea. Jim Alt had been rushed to the hospital.


He had suffered a traumatic brain injury and was in a coma for days when he awoke, he had no memory of the attack. I've got titanium in the cranium, stainless steel. I've got that, that plate that runs or I had about there. And This was a serious life-threatening. Yes, sir. Attack. Yes, sir. I almost did not make it. Jim was briefly investigated, but ruled out as a suspect. His injuries were too severe. Paul Ibero and other investigators tracked down other leads, but police could not find the killer. The bloody attack and murder haunted everyone.


For years. They were just kids. You know, that stuff didn't happen, But a few years later, Claire Huff's body was found on Tory Pines Beach. She was murdered identically to Barbara, Judy and Sue Nantes share their memories of Barbara on Facebook at 48 hours.


Finding great candidates to hire can be like trying to find a needle in a haystack. You get too many resumes and not enough qualified candidates, but not with ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter finds amazing candidates for you. Fast ZipRecruiter's technology starts showing you qualified people for your job, immediately ditch the other hiring sites and let ZipRecruiter help you find the needle in the haystack. Try it free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash zip daily. That's ZipRecruiter dot com slash Z-I-P-D-A-I-L-Y.


When I begin a new story, there are facts to be checked and experts to confer with at the outset. It sometimes feels overwhelming. Getting started on a new home project could be similar. It's hard to know where to start. That's where Angie comes in. Angie has over 200,000 pros in their network, making it easy to research, compare and hire top rated experts for any project in your home with just a few taps in the Angie app or If you clicks on angie.com. You could connect with local pros who have been rated and reviewed by real homeowners in your neighborhood. Angie is there to help homeowners get all their jobs done well. So get started on the app or go to angie.com. That's a NG i.com.


In the years after Barbara Ante's murder, her family struggled with the overwhelming loss and pain. There was situations, you know, where I'd wake up in a cold sweat crying. Just the sadness at losing this child that you loved. When you're the mom, you just carry that. I felt like I was a complete failure as a mother. Barbara's parents were both sad and angry at their daughter for lying to them, but Ralph Nase was especially furious at Jim Alt. I didn't wanna see him and I didn't want to talk to him. That's exactly what I felt.


You didn't keep my little girl safe. Yeah, I was very, very upset. It hurts. I didn't bring their daughter home. Six years later, Claire Huff's loved ones, faced the same pain that originated in the same place. She was like Barb Nantes, a year younger, just 14, smart and spirited, and she loved the beach. She just had a inner light, a joy about her. It's hard to explain unless you've met her.


Kim Jamer was Claire Hoff's best friend, Very gentle, funny, kind. Claire's parents. Sam and Penny Hoff were and are immensely proud of her. She was the class mediator. Kids who got into arguments would ask Claire to adjudicate a couple of times. She got in trouble in school because the teacher had accused someone wrongly and Claire wouldn't put up with it. She fought back. Claire learned to love the ocean early on. She grew up on the coast of Rhode Island and spent as much time as she could walking along the shore with Kim.


We grew up looking for treasures and bringing her mom pretty things home from the ocean, sea glass, and pretty shells. Claire had also spent a lot of time on San Diego's beaches. Her grandparents lived just a few blocks away from Tory Pines Beach. One of the first pictures of Claire was taken there. She was still small enough to be carried. This may be her first introduction to real Ocean Surf. The Huffs had always considered it a safe place, and in the summer of 1984, they sent Claire and her brother out to California for a visit with their grandparents.


Kim Jamer went along too. We could just be silly and nobody knew us and it didn't matter how goofy we got, and it was just really fun. The night before Kim was supposed to head home, Claire convinced her to sneak out of her grandparents' house and go to the beach after dark. But once they got there and settled near their favorite spot by the bridge, Kim almost immediately had a panic attack. It was just an awful feeling. I knew how freaked out I was, how somebody could just walk right up and by you without you even knowing they were there.


You asked Claire to make you a promise When you were back at the house. What was the promise? I just didn't want her sneaking out by herself again. Two days later, after Kim went back to Rhode Island, Claire broke that promise and on August 24th, 1984, Claire Huff's body was found by a Beachcomber near the bridge. Retired detective Paul Ido also worked on this case and was interviewed by our CBS local station Back then. We are evaluating all the evidence we recovered at the scene. Claire had been found just a few hundred yards from where Barbara Nantes had been killed.


To me, it was a lot of similarities there. Like Barbara Nantes, Claire Huff also had been beaten, strangled, and sexually assaulted. It was determined at the autopsy that this girl had a lot of sand packed in her mouth and larynx area. Our other victim had sand in her mouth, But perhaps most chilling like Barbara's Claire's breast had also been mutilated. We either have a a serial killer or a repeat performance by the person that probably did the first case. It didn't take long to find a promising suspect. As soon as they heard about their daughter's death, Sam and Penny Huff went to Torry Pine State Beach.


Before long, they were approached by a man named Wallace Wheeler. He was the beach comer who had found Claire's body. He said, I'm Wally Wheeler. I'm a psychic with his Hand out stretched. I'm sorry. So what did you make of Wally Wheeler? The psychic. He Was strange. So then we called the police to tell him, tell them that The police encouraged Claire's parents to keep communicating with Wheeler, thinking he might confess or at least give them some useful information. Wheeler wrote long and rambling letters to the Huffs. One of them saying Claire was coming to him in visions.


That was why she let me see her smiling face and her eyes were radiated. This is a guy who found a bloody mutilated body, and he's talking about smiling face and radiant eyes. The letters were odd, very odd. The police questioned Wheeler, but he never confessed to anything and the letters eventually stopped. What was the last thing you heard about Wallace Wheeler? That he had killed himself, threw himself off the top of a building 13 story building and died. Investigators would later tell the Huffs that they had ruled Wheeler out as a suspect, but the Huffs were convinced for years that Wheeler was their daughter's killer.


You thought he was involved somehow? Oh yeah. Yeah. We assumed that Wheeler, that he had done it. That that, that he had done it. Yeah, done It. For all the intrigues surrounding Wallace Wheeler, the loved ones of the first victim, Barbara Nantes had never even heard of him at the time. In fact, the families did not even know about each other. But around 2008, the San Diego Police Department posted the cases on its website and for the first time said publicly that the police believed Claire Huff and Barbara Nantes had likely been murdered by the same killer. I was mad that that it happened to Claire and that we weren't informed, But who may have been responsible would remain a mystery for four more years until advanced.


DNA testing revealed two suspects, and one of them was one of their own. For decades. After the murders of Barbara Nantes and Claire Hoff, the San Diego Police Department kept investigating sporadically, but nothing had ever materialized. Claire's friend Kim Jamer kept waiting for some news. Did you think about this case a lot? All the time. I mean, you know, nothing's gonna bring your friend back and you just hope that no one is out there hurting other people.


In 2012, there was finally a promising development. The cases were reopened. Investigators hoping advanced DNA technology would change the course of things. It was encouraging for Barbara's parents, Judy and Ralph Nase. I was cautiously optimistic. They would be disappointed. The new DNA test would find nothing useful on their daughter. But Claire Huff's friend Kim would soon get a visit from a detective. He brought several pictures. Did you see any of these people during your trip? I didn't recognize anything.


Kim was given few details, but she had a feeling that investigators were finally onto something. I was like, finally, somebody's really looking into this. 48 hours obtained the San Diego Police Department's case affidavits and search warrants, and here's what Kim Jamer didn't know. Police had found 2D NA hits on Claire Huff blood on her genes was linked to a convicted rapist named Ronald Tetro, the other DNA, a tiny microscopic amount reportedly found inside. Claire was linked to a man named Kevin Brown. Police knew Kevin Brown.


He was a former criminalist in their lab. I was getting ready for work and there was the knock, and two detectives were there. Rebecca Brown, a Catholic school teacher, had been married to 61-year-old Kevin Brown for more than 20 years. Kevin retired from the San Diego Police Department in 2002, So I thought, okay, they're talking about some case that he worked on. The Browns had led a quiet life for evolving around church travel and their pets. Before that visit by investigators in January of 2014, the detective showed Brown a picture of Ronald Tetro and asked if he knew him.


What did he say? He said, I've never seen this man. I don't know him. Journalist James Vlahos wrote about the case in October, 2015 for the Atlantic Magazine. He is a CBS news consultant. Did the police go and talk to Ronald Tetro when they found his DNA in CLA Hoff's body? They would've liked to have done that, but Ronald Tetro was already dead. Tetro had drowned in what was ruled a boating accident in Tennessee in 2011, but to this day, there is suspicion it was a suicide. His wallet had been placed on the seat, his glasses had been placed on the seat, and they said it looked as if he intended to go into the water.


Another thing that certainly raises eyebrows is that his death took place on the anniversary of Claire Huff's murder. Kevin Brown, the retired criminalist, was now the only living suspect police showed him a picture of Claire Huff. What did he say? Oh, sure, I remember her. The detectives told Brown that his DNA had been found in the evidence. They didn't tell him where or how they found it. The police maintained that. It was Kevin who first mentioned the possibility of it being found on a vaginal swab. The investigation ramped up quickly.


That same afternoon, investigators served a search warrant on his property looking for any evidence related to the murders of both Claire Huff and Barbara Nantes because they were so similar. I said, you've gotta clear this up. This is crazy. And he said, I tried telling them I don't know what they're talking about. I never killed anybody in my life. You know that, and I do know that in my deep core, I know he never kills anybody, But investigators believed Kevin Brown had a dark side at the time of Claire Huff's murder. Kevin was a bachelor in his thirties and had a Randy reputation at the crime lab. He had a nickname, kinky Kevin Brown.


And that was because we knew that he frequented strip clubs. They called him Kinky Kevin. Yeah, we call him his nickname was Kinky Retired Criminalist. Jim Stam and John Doina worked with Kevin in the lab for years. Did he brag about going to the strip clubs? I mean, did he make any secret of it Early on? I don't think he kept it a secret, but he did have friends that would go with him to either a movie or a strip club. I believe He would go to what Dirty movies. I I believe it was a porn movie. Yes, Doina and Sam never saw any inappropriate behavior by Brown in the lab, but he made some female colleagues uncomfortable.


There was a criminalist who worked with Kevin Brown and she describes how Kevin took a report of a violent rape and when She was alone in the lab with him, read it aloud to her and made a remark along the lines of, isn't that funny? After that, she never felt comfortable being alone with him in the lab again. As they dug into Brown's background, investigators learned more about his hobbies. He enjoyed photography. And in the eighties he went to lingerie and boudoir shoots advertised in a local magazine. Photographer Rocky Ferguson took photos of aspiring models with Kevin. So they pose for the photographer and in return they get a free picture.


Yes, but Rocky says that sometimes certain photographers would make arrangements for private sessions that were more racy and, and and Kevin did that. Kevin did his own thing. If he likes somebody, he'll hire his own models. In these private sessions, what would happen? Adult type stuff. Adult Stuff. Naughty Stuff. Yes. Explicit photos. Kevin Brown's pastimes as a bachelor may have raised detective's eyebrows, but his statements during the investigation made them even more suspicious. Although he initially denied having actually met Claire Hof Brown later seemed to make a startling admission.


He had done some thinking and that Nikki now did recall having met someone named Claire in the 1980s and possibly having sex with her, And then he got himself into even deeper trouble. According to the affidavit, Kevin Brown volunteered to take a lie detector test. He failed. And after the polygraph, an investigator talked to him about Cla Huff saying, I don't believe for a second that you thought She was 14. And Brown reportedly responded, I had no idea. Then police learned. Kevin Brown had called a friend And told him, allegedly, the police are looking at me as a suspect.


This girl I photographed on the beach ended up dead.


Hiring is Challenging, especially when you're a business owner with a lot on your plate. Thankfully, there's a place you can go for help. ZipRecruiter ZipRecruiter does the work for you to make hiring fast and easy immediately after you post your job. ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology starts showing you qualified people for it experience faster, easier hiring with ZipRecruiter. Try it free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash zip daily. That's ZipRecruiter dot com slash Z-I-P-D-A-I-L-Y.


Fans of the 48 Hours podcast, know that a good lead is always worth checking out. And if you're a listener who enjoys from the car, you'll wanna know that the National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4 available with all wheel drive. The new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain or wherever your story takes you. Or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander with three spacious rows of seating for up to eight passengers. Plus, both Rav fours and Highlanders are available in hybrid models. So no matter your style, you can drive efficiently and save on gas. Visit your local Toyota dealer and check out amazing National Sales Event deals on RAVs Highlanders and more. When you visit buy a toyota.com Toyota. Let's go places.


Ever since investigators got that DNA hit on Claire Huff in 2012, they had been quietly trying to build a case against Kevin Brown, but his wife, Rebecca Brown, stood by him. But I never thought he was a killer. Never, never. This is a man who didn't have a mean bone in his body. Well, you know, all those things that people are saying about he was going to strip clubs and Taking Photographs of naked women, He had shown me some and majority were just like, just cutesy poses, glamor shots. And that was back when he was single and he would've thought, wow, this is great. If everybody, whoever looked at a photo of a scantily clad woman, or if everybody, whoever went to a strip club, is likely to be a serial killer, I'm afraid we're going to have to build quite a few more prisons.


We do not convict people on their character. Hired on the police Proceed. Attorneys Jean Dale and Gretchen Vaughn Helms represent the brown. This was a violent, sadistic, choking, killing. The scope of what happened to these poor young women who were brutally sexually assaulted and murdered is quite different from going to a strip club or going into a porn shop or reading an off color story. The lawyers argue that there is almost no case against Kevin Brown. For starters, they say investigators could never say if or when or how.


Kevin Brown, the mild mannered criminalist, met Ronald Tetro, the violent convicted rapist. Zero evidence that they had ever seen each other or met at any time. Zero. They say there are perfectly innocent explanations for Kevin Brown's actions and statements like the one he made when detectives showed him a picture of Claire Huff. He said at One point, oh, I remember her. Why did he say that? It was a well-known case. And that photograph that they showed him had been one that had been in the newspaper. But Brown also said he may have met someone named Claire in the eighties and that he might have had sex with her.


Dale says, brown was just being honest. I think that he said he had met a Claire, but the Claire that he was talking about was a woman who was 30 years old. Even the investigators seemed to acknowledge in the affidavit that this woman did not sound like Claire Huff. But remember Brown had allegedly also told a friend that he photographed a girl who was found dead on the beach. The man to whom this statement is attributed says he never said such a thing. Gretchen von Helms argues investigators had tunnel vision and interpreted everything Kevin Brown said as evidence of his guilt.


She says that's what happened When Brown told the detective he had no idea Claire was 14. They immediately think the the suspicious, guilty version of that versus, oh my God, you're telling me this awful crime. A normal citizen when they're told about this awful crime and say, oh my gosh, this poor child was 14. How awful This is. The attorneys admit Kevin Brown's personality did little to help him during the investigation. He was one of the worst public speakers, let's say in the history of the San Diego Police Department lab. He was kind of like a nervous Nelly, Retired criminalist. John Doina and Jim Sta say, Kevin Brown was at best a shaky witness for the police in court cases.


Whenever he got confronted, he got very nervous and very upset. He, he wanted to agree, he wanted to please them. But Kevin Brown's shyness or awkwardness cannot explain his DNA on that swab. Several swabs were taken from inside Claire during the autopsy. The medical examiner tested one of them in 1984 and found nothing. Another swab was sent to the San Diego Police Department lab, and that's where the lawyers say the trouble began. It was not kept in a way that would ensure the integrity of the evidence. It was the early eighties before much was known about DNA and the procedures now used to prevent contamination did not exist.


How different were the procedures back then? A lot. I mean, we didn't wear masks for sure. Kevin Brown did not work on the Claire Huff case, but he worked near the criminalist who processed the evidence, including that swab where a minute amount of brown's DNA was later found. The Swab itself was put to dry in the open air without A cap On a table near where Mr. Brown worked. Everything that was able to be airborne could have gone and touched that swab. The The the problem though with this case is seems to me that the allegation is that this isn't sweat or spit, it's his semen.


How, how would his semen get on a swab? You can still have cross-contamination of semen because they had to have fresh samples of semen in the San Diego lab At the time of Claire Huff's murder. Criminalists would often bring their own seminal fluid to the lab and use it to ensure the chemicals used to detect semen were working correctly. Darina and Stan believed that all the criminalists in the lab did it. I I think Kevin was doing that same thing. The San Diego Police Department, however, insists that contamination was not possible. But the retired criminalists know what they saw.


Most likely Kevin's Siemens standard was in that lab and several analysts may have even had it. It may have been even used on that particular on, on Ms. Huff's case. We didn't switch gloves back then either. So let's say the analyst took Kevin's semen sample wearing the same gloves and then handled the deep vaginal swab. There's a, a logical explanation for the contamination Cross-contamination does happen. There have been cases of lab technicians, DNA ending up on evidence documented in several states and at least four other countries. So given the lab procedures in effect at the time and the lack of other solid evidence, Kevin Brown was assured the case against him was weak And I believed that they lacked the evidence necessary to charge Mr. Kevin Brown with these murders.


But by mid 2014, the stress of the investigation, which was dragging on, was making Kevin Brown very anxious. I said, call him and get it straightened out. And he said, they just said, you know, you killed her and you may as well confess. And he hung up the phone and he said, I didn't even say anything back to him back. 'cause I didn't know what else to say at this point. He said, I didn't do it, and they're not gonna ever believe me. Rebecca hoped their nightmare would soon end, but it would not end in a way that anyone expected.


There's nothing worse than getting home from your trip only to find out you missed a can't miss travel experience. That's why you need via tour book, guided tours, activities, excursions, and more in one place to make your trip truly unre Regrettable via tour makes it easy to explore over 300,000 travel experiences. Everything from simple tours to extreme adventures and all the niche interesting stuff in between. So you can plan something that everyone you're traveling with will enjoy real traveler reviews. Give the inside scoop from people who have already been on the experience you're considering so you can plan with Confidence Free cancellation helps you plan for the unexpected. And 24 7 customer service means you always have support around the clock. Download the Via tour app now to use code via Tour 10 for 10% off your first booking in the app. Regret less, do more with Via Tour


If. you are a new parent. A bad day means you either ran out of coffee, diapers, patients, or all of the above. Stocking up on Cold Brew and deep breaths are all you, but at least Hello Bellow's got your baby's butt covered. Hello, bellow believes all families deserve premium, affordable baby products with their ultra convenient diaper bundle subscription service that includes seven packs of diapers and four packs of plant-based wipes. You'll never run out of supplies Better yet they're delivered to your door. Set change and cancel your delivery schedule whenever you want. Named Best Diaper subscription by New York Magazine and winner of the 2022 Good Housekeeping Parenting Award. Hello Bellow will keep you well stocked on Ds and wipes. Go to hello bellow.com/ Wondery to get 30% off your first customized bundle and a full-size freebie product of your choice. That's hello bellow.com/ Wondery to start bundling with 30% off your first order. Don't forget that's hello bello.com/ Wondery.


On the morning of October 20th, 2014, Rebecca Brown came home from work and found her husband's Bible sitting on the table in it. He had underlined a psalm about being wrongfully accused. His watch was there and his cell phone was there. And so I asked My mother, where is Kevin? And she had just said he went somewhere. He went out, he was cleaned up, he'd shaved, he'd showered, looked nice and said, I have things to do. Kevin didn't come home that night. And the following day, Rebecca got the news she feared most And I was just sitting there waiting and then there was the door knock and it was the detective and he said, we've found your husband and he is gone.


A ranger at a state park near where the Browns had a vacation cabin had found Kevin hanging from a tree. Were you surprised even after everything that he'd been through? We tried to s I tried to keep his spirits up. You thought you had kept him safe. Oh my, Yeah. Rebecca Brown is adamant that her husband's suicide was not an admission of guilt. I totally understand why he did it. He knew there would be people who would think even if he went to court and was found not guilty, that would believe it.


And this was gonna tarnish his reputation that he prided himself in. He didn't escape that. Of course, after he died, the police held the news conference. Yeah. Three days after his death, the San Diego Police Department publicly named Kevin Brown as one of two suspects in Claire Huff's murder. We were able to establish a very strong case that Ronald Tatro and Kevin Brown were the suspects in the murder of Claire Huff and also an arrest for Brown would be forthcoming. You never had enough to arrest him in his lifetime and now that he's gone, you're going to just say he did a case solved.


It's done. Rebecca has answered the police charges with charges of her own. She's filed suit against two police detectives for misconduct and wrongful death. He was not a rapist and a killer. He was a quiet good man. And I'm hoping the legal system will help set things right. The San Diego Police Department refused our request for an interview, but Penny and Sam Huff, Claire's parents have the answers they need. We are confident in the San Diego Police Department and their discoveries. The Huff Family says after 30 years, the details surrounding their daughter's death are not as important to them as remembering her life.


We've learned to live with her death. We've learned to live without her physical presence in our family. To us, what's important is what Claire was and what Claire meant to us and and to the people around her. And this is sort of a still life, I guess. Yep. That's a ninth grade one. Claire left her mother and father with a lot of memories. Well, It looks like all her favorite rock groups. And at 14 she had the foresight to leave a will, telling her family and friends that she loved them and not to be sad. You've made me realize how precious and beautiful life is.


Thank you. I wish I could list all the wonderful things you've done, but everyone would fall asleep. I love you both. What did it mean to you that she had done this and she had written this? It's always a puzzle why she did it, but it is also a treasure. But the family of Barbara Nantes, the first victim in this case, still has as many questions about her murder as they did in 1978. I Love you reality. What happened to her? It's just so hard to find. I wanna know her. I want I know what she, I would've done have a life Police now say Barbara and Claire's cases are not connected.


I would like a viable suspect, but we don't have one. Ronald Tetra was in prison for rape at the time of Barbara's murder and Kevin Brown was attending college in Sacramento 500 miles away. Barbara's boyfriend Jim Alt. What has it done to you over the years, especially with the developments in Claire's case, to see this case still remain open? It's devastating. We want answers. We wanna know what they're doing to solve this. Even today, Jim Alt says he's suffering from survivor's guilt. It has stayed with him even though Barbara's father, Ralph sent him a letter long ago apologizing for having blamed him for her death.


I want you to know that I don't hold you responsible for Barbara's death. When I was grieving over her death, I needed to blame someone. And since She was with you, I lashed out at you. Jim, you were trying to be alone with Barbara is probably what every red-blooded American boy dreams of. Unfortunately, the time you spent together turned out to be a disaster, but the chance of that happening was probably one in a million. Yours truly, Ralph Nantes. It still is hard for you to read that without choking up. Yes sir. He's absolving you in a way. Does that help you? When I first read it, it did, but you can't hide what?


What happened? Because of a decision Barbara and I made, she never came home. So I, I own part of that decision and I'll take that to the grave with me. In 2020, a federal jury awarded Rebecca Brown more than $6 million in her wrongful death lawsuit.


If, you like this podcast? You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


When you're committed to raising the standard, you're bound to ruffle some feathers at Happy Egg. We like to say we farm differently, but in reality, we produce eggs the way people used to by partnering with local small family farmers who raise our happy hens on eight or more acres. Because in our opinion, farming shouldn't be complicated. It should be happy. Choose happy with Happy Egg. Visit happy egg.com and look for the yellow carton at a store near you. Happy Egg.


She struck him with her motor vehicle. She had been under the influence and that she left him there


In January, 2022. Local woman, Karen Reed, was implicated in the mysterious death of her boyfriend, Boston Police officer John O'Keefe. It was alleged that after an innocent night out for drinks with friends, Karen and John got into a lover's quarrel and route to the next location. What happens next? Depends on who you ask. Was it a crime of passion? If you believe the prosecution. It's because the evidence was so compelling and this was clearly an, you know, an intentional act and his cause of death was blunt force trauma with hypothermia Or a corrupt police coverup. If. you believe the defense theory. However, this was all a coverup to prevent one of their own from going down. Everyone had an opinion, and after the 10 week trial, the jury could not come to a unanimous decision To end in a mistrial. It's just a confirmation of just how complicated this case is. Law and crime presents the most in-depth analysis to date of the sensational case in Karen. You can listen to Karen exclusively with Wondery Plus. join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcast or Spotify.


Paramount Podcast.