
Now streaming. Everyone who comes into this clinic is a mystery. We don't know what we're looking for. Their bodies are the scene of the crime. Their symptoms and history are clues. You saved your life. We're doctors and we're detectives. I kind of love it if I'm being honest. Solve the puzzle. Save the patient. Watson. All episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus now streaming.


When people go missing, I get hired to help find him when lives are on the line. Coter, please find my daughter. He's the man for the job. I'm gonna do everything I can. Don't miss a moment. Culture's in trouble. I can feel it. Of TV's number one show. These people are dangerous in doing this alone. Not at all. Every Batman gotta have their Robin culture. Justin Hartley stars and made promise I would never stop looking in Tracker. All episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus and returning CBS Fall.


I loved the man, but I loathed the life, The Gotti. We know what they're all about. Prosecutors say, my father was the biggest crime boss in the nation. An Empire of dirty money and power built On racketeering and murders. If you really want to know what John Gotti was like, you need to talk to my family. We lived this life. I think I realized early on that my family wasn't like other families growing up. My parents tried to hide a lot of things from me, from all of us.


I think you grow up scared, anxious all the time. I Used to get up as a young boy and I used to get excited when I would go and see that my father was alive and I would hear him snore. I know he made it home. We didn't talk Back to my father. We didn't ask him, Oh, did you kill anyone? I didn't know his life. I didn't know his lifestyle. You know, they're Gonna try and keep you in jail. Honestly, I was just a kid that wanted to love his father. The public saw my father right out of central casting. He looked the part, acted the part. He's a rat. He tells lies.


He was the part, the real life Godfather. People Treat him like he was the second coming of Christ. It was very, very difficult for me to look into these crimes that he was accused of committing. I was angry at everybody for lying to me. Do I believe now that my father was this big boss? Yes, I do. Now, Should I lie and say I don't love him? We loved him. Gimme a Kiss. Say thank you, grandpa, And that's really all we should have been held accountable for. We just wanna move on.


John Jr. Gotti is again on trial. If convicted, he could face life behind bars. Come on, go home and enjoy your families. Like my father, That's his kid. John was a player in that Guns Drawn. New York City police moved in on John Gotti Jr. But John is not in that courtroom. I believe that it's the last name. Gotti. It's definitely Dad. You could be next. You could be next. Your father, your mother. We shouldn't have to pay. What he did was what he did. It does not mean that a child has to answer for the father's sins.


Now it's time to set the record straight. No one knows John Gotti better than his family does. Nobody. And we're ready to talk about it. We're ready to talk about him. Finally, Their father, The Godfather, 48 hours mystery. They are images the public had never seen before.


The private treasured photographs and home videos belonging to the children of Mob Boss John Gotti, a man who once ran the largest organized crime syndicate in the country. A man convicted of multiple counts of murder. You don't wanna believe it. And when you love that person, it makes it so much more hard. The mafia chieftain's daughters, Victoria and Angel and son Peter talked openly about the life they had always kept secret and no question was off limits.


How difficult is it to accept that your own father, either directly or indirectly killed people When you choose that life? I think you know what you're signing on for. I think he knew going in what was expected of him, what he would have to do, what it would cost him. And I don't think he cared. I think that all goes along with that life. And Why do you call it the life? Because Mostly it is called the life. No one ever says, I'm in the mob. No, it's always the life. John Gotti's, youngest daughter, Victoria, had never spoken about the life publicly. But in her recent book, this Family of Mine, which is coming out in paperback this month, she finally talked about what it was really like growing up.


Gotti. Why have you decided now to write a tele? It got personal. I woke up one day and said, and enough's enough. There were so many things that had to be addressed as far as rumors, lies, gossip. Victoria talked to her father about the possibility of the book before he died. If you ever write that book, he said, you write it as your life. And one thing I asked that you do, don't you ever look to make me out to be an altar boy? Because I wasn't. But when Victoria and her siblings were children, it's clear that John Gotti never wanted them to know that side of him. He just took everything to another extreme.


I remember getting excited about going to see the Christmas tree in Rockefeller Center. He would talk for a half an hour, 45 minutes about how he just wanted to get them chestnuts. You can't even find roasted chestnuts anymore. But he was so excited. He would talk like a little kid. He was very funny. People don't know that. He was very funny. But mixed in with the fun were the lies. What were you told that your father did for a living? He told me that he worked with a construction crew. I would ask him where he was going. He was going off to some building, some school, some office building something.


They believed him. But the truth was that all John Gotti had ever wanted to be was a mobster. He grew up one of 11 children, raised in Brooklyn by an abusive father and an overwhelmed mother. He quickly embraced a life of crime and violence, working for local gangsters and building a rap sheet. This is where he came from. These men were the men that were respected. This was something he saw early on and and made up his mind that this was what he was going to do. In 1958, the future, Don was in a local bar where he met Victoria DeGiorgio. He was instantly smitten.


Their affair, produced a daughter angel. And in 1962, they were married. Gotti didn't earn much as a low level mobster, and they struggled. They were faced with eviction. Month after month after month, Later that year, Victoria was born. Mom went into labor unexpectedly. I was early mom, she said, they basically said to your father, you can come back and pick up mother and child when you pay the bill. And at this point, they had no monies. He comes back late, late that night, literally broke into the hospital. He scoops me up. He helped my mother down the stairs. They hobbled out. They had about a good 13 block walk.


It was freezing. I mean, they didn't have money for a cab, nothing, not a bus ride. And he walked me home and he, years and years later, you know, claimed that we bonded. You know, during that walk, Two years later, the Gotti son, John was born, followed by Frankie. Despite the needs of his growing family, Gotti spent most of his time out of the house getting into trouble. There was often no money. I do remember them fighting a lot when I was growing up, when I was younger. She always was fearful of the uncertainty. In 1968, Victoria was just in grade school when her father was convicted for hijacking cargo from Kennedy Airport, and then sent to a federal penitentiary in Pennsylvania for nearly three years.


As strange as it sounds, his children had no idea their father was in prison. Even when they went to visit him, we Used to go to prisons to see him. And my uncle would be in the same prison. And we really did not know that he was in prison. Well, how Does your mother explain to you where He was? She used to tell us he was working. I remember driving to Pennsylvania and there would be the big giant wall. And we'd say, you know, why is that wall? Oh, he built that wall. I said, wow. He built that big wall. Uncle Angelo too. Yeah, uncle Angelo too. We believed it When they were home in Brooklyn, Victoria tried to be just like all the other kids.


But at the age of seven, it became painfully clear to her that she just wasn't. I went to school and we had a, an essay. You know, who our heroes were. Most kids chose their fathers. I chose my father too. And I wrote, my dad is a construction worker and he builds tall buildings. And so I took my place in the front of the room and I started to read this report. And there was a young girl, the back, and she yelled out, her father's not, you know, a construction worker, her father's a jailbird, he's in jail. I remember just standing there in the front of that room and it was like, wow, you know, what is she talking about? But it made sense to me. And I remember the class laughing at me and I got so upset, so nervous that I just peed on the floor.


And I'll never forget the teacher. She made me in front of the kids, get on my hands and knees and clean up the mess. Victoria asked her mother for the truth. I said to her something like, is Daddy really in jail? What did she say? She had said to me, sometimes people do bad things. Sometimes they need to pay for these things that they do. And I remember looking at her and saying, where is my father? Is he in jail or is he working? And she looked at me and she said, he is in jail. Those words, I remember, they just haunted me for days, nights, weeks, months. All I kept hearing was my mother's words.


He is in jail. And the charade was finally over.


Now streaming, Everyone who comes into this clinic is a mystery. We don't know what we're looking for. Their bodies are the scene of the crime. Their symptoms and history are clues. We saved her life. We're doctors and we're detectives. I kind of love it, if I'm being honest. Solve the puzzle. Save the patient. Watch all episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus now streaming. When people go missing, I get hired to help find him when lives are on the line. Coter, please find my Daughter. He's the man for the job. I'm gonna do everything I can. Don't miss a moment. Colter's in trouble. I can feel it Of TV's number one show. These people are dangerous. I'm doing this alone. Not at all. Every Batman gotta have their Rob Coter. Justin Hartley stars, and made a promise I would never stop looking in Tracker. All episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus and returning CBS fall,


Learning that her father was in jail. Was Victoria Gotti's. First indication that he lived a secret life. I would lay at wake nights and cry a lot thinking, you know, is my dad gonna come home? Is he gonna go to jail again? Is he gonna get killed? She was right to be afraid outside their home. John Gotti lived in a violent world in 1973. He was convicted of attempted murder and went to prison. By the time you reached your early teens, your father had been incarcerated for nearly half your life. Yes, I loved the man, but I loathed the life.


When he was released from prison in 1977, John Gotti was officially inducted into the life becoming a made man in the mafia. He had earned his way, he had earned his keep. And that really started his rise in that life. Living that life meant more time spent out of the house, either in his headquarters called a social club, or out on the town. Gotti's wife Victoria. Didn't like it one bit. She would do crazy things. My mother, you know, she, you know, one time she sent his to his club To say, not come home.


Yeah, here's your clothes. Take 'em. When they weren't fighting, the Gotti's were enjoying the fruits of his newfound status. They were now living at this house in Howard Beach. Queens Angel was 18 when she first got an inkling of how others really saw her father. And I was dating someone and he was from Ozone Park. And he said to me, you know, your father's really, he's feared. And I didn't understand it. And you know, I didn't, we didn't see that All the Gotti children, even Peter, the youngest, would have a moment when they discovered their father had a reputation.


'cause I was 12 years old at the time. I remember it. I had a crush, a school crush on a, on a young girl. And so I go and I ask her out, and she said, I would love to go with you. But my dad said, I'm not allowed, but your family are very bad people. And when I had gotten home, I started to cry. My mother told me, Peter, I'm telling you right now, your father loves you more than life. You forget all the nonsense and things they're saying. You remember that man would give his life for you. Okay? And don't ever forget that.


But John Gotti couldn't protect his family from tragedy. In March, 1980, 12-year-old Frankie, who Gotti affectionately called Frankie boy, was struck by a car while riding a mini bike. My sister called me and said, Frankie boy got hit by a car, so I just have to go and check on Frankie boy. And then we went there and he was, you know, laying in the, in the street in front of my friend's house.


Frankie died later that night. Dad walked in a couple hours later, and then he sat down and I remember he cradled his head and his hands and he lost it. The driver of the car was the Gotti's backyard neighbor, John Avara. Victoria. Claims avara hit Frankie because he was driving erratically. He didn't stop. He had gone to the end of the block and the neighbors were screaming and he got out of the car and he was very upset. And he started to scream What the F was he doing in the street to begin with? Who's effing kid is this? Police called it an accident.


But Victoria was furious with what she says. She heard about Favas callous behavior, and she spoke to her father about it. I looked at him and I said, you are supposed to be a tough guy. How can you let somebody kill my brother? And he just looked at me and he said, you know, honey, he said it was an accident. And I said, no, it wasn't. And dad didn't wanna believe that. He looked at me and he said, you're wrong. You're angry. You are wrong. For the first time, I was so angry at my father that if ever I could have him be this man that they said he was, it would've been that moment.


Because You wanted revenge. I wanted revenge. I was so upset. The tragedy sent their mother into a suicidal depression. It destroyed us. You said your mother was practically in her bed for a year. A year. That July, John Gotti tried to brighten her spirits by taking the family to Florida. Just three days later, John Avara was abducted as he left his job at a furniture store. Witnesses say several men hit him over the head, forced him into a van, and drove off.


Avara was never heard from again. Four months after your brother was killed, John Avara disappeared. Right? Is your father responsible? No. How can you be so sure? Did you ask him? I'm positive he wasn't responsible. I just can't imagine that this incident, this horrible, tragic accident. Do I think his do? I think he did. Devastated your family. And your father did not want to exact revenge You did. And you were a teenager. He did. Your mother was attempted suicide three times. I'm with you. I'm with you. I couldn't understand why either. And it angered me. Did it ever enter your mind that perhaps your father was behind that disappearance? Did you ever think Sometimes, I'm being honest.


Yeah. Sometimes Victoria believes her father's mob associates took it upon themselves to exact revenge. Do I believe that someone in my father's Circle did this? I do. Somebody did it. Somebody did it, and they thought they'd be celebrated. Eva's body has never been found, and police never made an arrest. In the case, in the years after Frankie's death, the Gotti's struggled to get back to a normal life. Victoria got married. I think I was just a kid in a hurry to get outta my dad's house.


Quickly, You had 1500 guests. Yes. 1500. Yeah. Yeah. That's a lot of thank you. Notes A lot. A lot of people's agreed. A lot of people's agreed. I didn't know half of the people at my wedding. More than half. I didn't know them. They weren't there for me. They were there for dad. And I remember thinking, then something's up, something's up. Little did Victoria know, but the groundwork for her father's ascension to Boss of Bosses was being laid. She danced that night, not just with her father, but what the future Godfather.


That's what he wanted for himself. He was gonna become a leader. He wasn't gonna be a follow up. He was gonna rise to the top. He was gonna make it On December 16th, 1985 at 5:25 PM in a hail of bullets, his fortunes and the fortunes of his unsuspecting family change forever. Big Paul Castellano, reputed Godfather of the Gambino family was on his way to a Manhattan steakhouse. It was widely reported that Gotti orchestrated one of the most famous mob murders in New York City history. The hit on his boss, Paul Castellano and Gambino number two, man, Thomas bti.


After Castellano's murder, Gotti showed up at one of the most important mafia hangouts in New York. And people were kissing his hand and people were going over and fawning over Him. So, and Rob has been a reporter covering the mob for more than 40 years, and is a CBS news consultant within days of the murder, says Rob. It was no secret. John Gotti was the new Godfather, but back in Howard Beach, Queens, the family had no idea what was going on. And my mother said, you're not gonna believe this. And she was laughing. And she said, they have your father now as the boss.


And I said, the boss. And she said, the boss of the Gambino Crime family. And we all started laughing. We really thought it was funny. When did you learn, Peter, that your father ran the Gambino crime family? In 1985, I had gone to school one morning. Peter was in the fifth grade, And we're sitting in class and current events came around and there were my friends kids I grew up with. They were parade up to, to the class in front of the class and, and talk about my dad as if I wasn't even sitting in the room. The kids were all talking about this newspaper story. John Gotti's, the new boss of the Gambinos.


That's what the article said. Needless to say, I went on home and I cut that article out of the newspaper without my mother knowing, without my dad knowing, without anybody knowing. And I still to that, very to this very day, have that article, Hey, Give up a big Gift. Even before John Gotti became the boss of the Gambino crime family, he had brought his oldest son, John Jr. Into the family business. It was a family secret. Not even his mother knew about John. Saw, you know, dad driving the fancy car, you know, and having these guys look up to him like he was God.


And on Christmas Eve, 1988, in a secret ceremony, John Jr. Became a made man. I have to wonder if John saw this as a way to just get our father's approval, or to somehow make him proud. The family business was doing pretty well. According to investigators. During the eighties, the Gambino crime family grossed about $500 million a year. And Gotti himself was getting a pretty big cut. The family says they didn't see it. He didn't move, he didn't go out and buy a huge house somewhere.


I'm not saying he didn't have it, but he didn't spend it. Investigators say investigated investigators. He made 10 to $12 million a year in cash. Yeah. And investigators also say that my fam, he left us 200 million buried somewhere in the backyard. I'm still trying to find that money. But one look at John Gotti told another story. He was now wearing custom made silk suits, monogram socks, only cashmere coats. He was now going to the Chic restaurants in New York, nightclubs. He loved the gamble. His way of bonding with me was to watch a ball game with me. Here I was seven, eight years old.


He's asking my opinion on who I like to win of college football game. Did you help him win? Obviously, couple times. Obviously not because he didn't win much. John Gotti made sure his family life was always separate from his work life. It sounds odd to people, they don't understand it. But we were not like the Sopranos. We didn't sit at the dinner table and, and you know, curse or say things, you know, what are you doing? Did you kill this one? We didn't do that. We didn't ask him those questions. But at the family, didn't want to ask him any questions. The government certainly did.


In the first five years of his reign, John Gotti was put on trial three times for assault, for racketeering, and for ordering the shooting of a union. Boss John Don set this up. Three trials. You Find him not guilty. Gotti beat the rap each time. Law enforcement says he bribed a juror, intimidated a witness, and had a crooked cop on the inside. Gotti's celebrity grew with each victory. God man, John, John Gotti, John Gotti, this John Gotti, that John Gotti.


They just couldn't seem to get enough of him. John Gotti became a celebrity, attracting celebrity in an Italian restaurant in Little Italy. The Gambino Godfather met the Hollywood Godfather. I'm gonna make him an awfully guy, refuse And invited him over to his social club across the street. Brando was telling jokes all night and, and doing magic tricks. Dad was doing what he does best, telling his stories, and they just enjoyed each other's Company.


John Gotti's growing fame was a double-edged sword. He had become the most notorious mobster since Al Capone and put himself squarely in the sights of the FBI. This is gonna be really bad. I was always terrified.


My name's Jack Wagner, host of other world, a podcast featuring real people who experience something paranormal, supernatural, or unexplained. I have no idea how I got there. I don't think I've ever seen anything that looked like this. It felt like electric stars on fire. I started other world to take a grounded approach to the paranormal. Help people tell their own stories and encourage more to come forward. I certainly don't have the answers, but maybe one day we will join me as we explore our world's greatest mysteries. Listen to other world now for free on the Odyssey app or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Gotti is still very much a part of the universe of organized law. John Gotti has achieved folk heroes death. John Gotti will undoubtedly continue to be a man under close scrutiny by police and federal prosecutors. I think he saw there was no happy ending. I think he knew that one day he was either gonna spend the rest of his life in jail or he was gonna end up dead. John Gotti knew the FBI was never going to let up. He suspected they had bugged his headquarters in Little Italy, the Raven Night Social Club. So he would get up and walk outside. He didn't want to sit in a place that he thought maybe someone was listening. Someone Was listening though.


Obviously You several. The FBI had place bugs everywhere in the club, in the apartment Gotti occasionally used upstairs. And even on the street, they gathered hundreds of hours of recordings of mob business. Those tapes led to Gotti's arrest. In December of 1990, he faced a litany of charges, including the murder of Paul Castellano. There's no question the government had a strong case. It was his own words. He talks about five murders, about Castellano bti.


He talks about three other people and the reasons why they were killed. But the government didn't just have tapes. They had a star witness, Gotti's right hand man, his underboss in the Gambino crime family. Sammy the Bull Gravano. Sammy Gravano, a self-confessed mafia hitman, who admitted to taking part in 19 murders, turned on his former boss and made a deal with the government, found knowledge that it, he took the stand and told the court that John Gotti planned and organized the hit on Paul Castellano and that he and John Gotti were actually there when it went down. Sammy's told a lot of lies.


Did your father orchestrate the assassination of Paul Castellano? Did he orchestrate it? Yeah, absolutely not. No one man is that powerful in this organization. Not one man In her book Victoria claims the assassination was a plan agreed upon by mafia bosses. I'm not arguing that he had no part in it, and I'm not arguing and saying that he wasn't the boss after that. He was. But you can't, nobody can stand there and tell me that he did it alone. But that's not what the jury found. On April 2nd, 1992, John Gotti was found guilty on all counts. And he was the only person ever tried and convicted for the murder of Paul Castellano in 1992.


As a local reporter in New York, I talked to Victoria just hours after her father was convicted. My father is the last of Mohegans. They don't make men like him anymore. They never will. I knew that I'd lost my father. I knew that that was it. It was as if somebody had told me my father had died. And that's how I felt that day. John Gotti was sent to Marion Federal prison in southern Illinois for life. The man was never coming home. I believed that they would never come where I would be able to hug my father again. You know, I had trained myself to believe that. That's it. I'm gonna visit my my father behind glass for the rest of my life.


Peter Gotti was 18 years old when his father was put in solitary confinement. My dad had 6,000 meals alone and never ate with another, never ate. He ate meals in his cell. And again, I'm not justifying anything he was saying. Is he paid? He paid. He paid the piper. I'm curious to know why you did not follow in your father's footsteps. You're the only Gotti man to not do so it ever Dawned on you that my dad shielded me from it and my brother enforced it even more. He did everything he can. He did everything he can to prevent me, everything he can.


He tried to screen every person I was socializing with. At the same time, he was protecting Peter. John Jr. Was rising in the ranks of the Gambino crime family, becoming the acting boss when his father went to prison. You did not know your own brother in the mafia. No, I did not. No. When did you learn that your brother was in the maa? When He got arrested? John Junior was arrested in 1998 for extortion, loan sharking and gambling. His mother was caught completely by surprise for 10 years. Her oldest son had been a mobster and then acting boss of the Gambino crime family. And she never knew it.


You know, John is her life and she was not standing for it. She had such a distaste for the fact that dad was involved and now her son, Mrs. Gotti, believed her husband had lied to her, betrayed her trust, and put John Jr. In grave danger. She wasn't speaking to my father when he was in prison for a while. And it caused a lot of problems for all of us. John Jr. Was in grave danger. He was facing 20 years in prison. He was thinking of making a deal. You understood, In this prison tape recorded in February of 1999, obtained by 48 hours, John Jr.


Is asking his father's permission to take a plea. After some discussion, The Godfather reluctantly consented. You See what I'm saying? Not saying, don't take this plea what you want as a father. I want her to be Happy. But John Jr. Wanted more from his father. According to Victoria. He also asked for permission to quit the mob. And Victoria says her mother decided to get involved. Mom goes to see dad and mom threatens dad. And she says, either you release him.


I'll never speak to you again. I won't be here anymore. You'll never see me in your life again. When John Jr went to prison, Victoria claims he left the mafia with his father's permission. Prosecutors don't believe it, but her brother wasn't the only one. Victoria says, had secretly joined the mob. Your your husband was a Gambino Member. Certainly was. It was yet another secret. She says her father had kept from her. Were, were you angry with your father? Yeah. Yeah. I was angry at my ex-husband. I was angry at my father. I was angry at everybody. I, this isn't what I wanted for my life. This isn't what I wanted for my kids. But her anger would fade with time.


As her father grew gravely ill, He just looked at me and said, I'm never gonna be around forever. I said to me, I know dad, you know, whatever. But then he looked at me again and he said, I think it's time when the funeral began, the mourners were all up and down the streets, holding signs, crying kids, old men, young women, young men everywhere.


The funeral cars, the flower cars, the ceremony, the cemetery. 10 years into his life sentence. John Joseph Gotti, The Godfather of the Gambino crime family, father of five, and grandfather of 15 died of cancer. The last days of his life were spent in a prison hospital with his son Peter, at his side. He never admitted or denied anything.


That's what was funny about his personality. You know, he, he, he, his was a, he, he, he, he mind your business type of personality. Let me pay with God. And he did. He did. In the end, he did To his family. John Gotti was a fallen hero to the public. He was the last don. But for the mob, he was a disaster. At the end of his reign, the Gambino crime family was decimated. More than half of the leadership was either dead or behind bars. I, I think about the devastation that this life has had on your family.


Yeah. On the Gotti men. Yes. Your father, your brother, three uncles Yeah. Are all incarcerated. Yep. And a husband. And the life continued to take its toll on the Gotti family. The federal government put John Gotti Jr. On trial four times in less than five years without getting a conviction. The last time in December, 2009, he was accused of participating in or authorizing three murders. Victoria said The government's case was about the past, not the present. It is my father always all over again, day in, day out.


It's about John Gotti. That's what it's about. You Really don't want me to answer that. The Gotti family claimed the government was persecuting John Jr. And that he quit the mob. Years ago, the government said John Jr. Is a killer. And that he did not quit. They don't wanna believe. John's attitude is, I paid for what I did in that life. I gave them my pounds of flesh. Hey John, how's it feel to be free? In the end, the government could not convince a jury it was deadlock. And John Gotti Jr. No longer facing any charges, was free to go home to his family. Don't stop. John. What are you doing tonight? Kiss my kids. Kiss my kids how you feel?


There was a time when he thought the life was all glamor, but not anymore. I tried to explain to My sons, I said, you have to understand that price that comes with that. I mean, people, most people don't know this, that my father died choking gun his own vomit and blood handcuffed to a bed in solitary confinement. I have to explain that to my sons. You know, this is the end result. Still, John Jr. Hopes the next generation of Gotti takes after their grandfather. In some ways, He's a good man to emulate, just not the lifestyle. If you could take all his, all the positive characteristics of my father and you could emulate those, his charact, his charismatic charm, his intelligence, his mannerisms, why not sure Happy mother as day Like John Jr.


Victoria is determined her children will not follow their father and grandfather into the mafia. If they want to really utterly break my heart, they can do that. They know that. But they know better. Believe me, gimme One man. John Gotti's grandchildren have decided it seems that they don't want to remember The Godfather, just their grandfather. I love my grandfather to death. He taught me everything I need to know. John Victoria's middle child named after his grandfather, made him a promise just before he died. So law school may be in your future. Maybe. You know what I promised my grandfather a long time ago that I would do it. You know, even when I wrote a personal letter to him on his funeral, I put it in his pocket that I would do it for him.


But you don't see Pop gone for eight, nine years. Grandpa dying in jail. Grandma's tears. Carmine Victoria's oldest son is an aspiring musician who wrote this song about his family. Grass Looks greener on the other side, always looks greener on the other side no Matter how. So now you're working on realizing your dreams. Yes. I mean, I've been recording now in the studio for the past two and a half, almost three years. I, man, it's, it's been a lot of work. Five days a week throughout the year, everything's coming together. It's bad enough. They love to throw away the key. Anyone in my fam, like they did the jg.


JG John Gotti, jg, John Gotti, the mob life, the death of a brother. The hit on Paul Castellano, the disappearance of a neighbor, the trials prison. Brothers and husbands in jail at the end. Peter Gotti says his father was refusing medical care. And I believe in my heart that it went around in full circle. 'cause I believe in the end that he was punishing himself self for the things he may have done.


And I feel, I feel for anyone, if there was pain caused by him or not, I feel, I feel Regret and sadness for that. For Victoria, the circle closed at her father's funeral. I remember sitting there as the last to get up. And I remember getting so angry and so angry and so angry and just saying to him, what was this all for? What did you do? Look at you. Look at the life that you lived. Look at us. You loved us most in the world. Look at us. What was this all for?


And I walked out of there so angry. And I'm still angry. I don't understand it. And I guess I never will.


Now streaming, Everyone who comes into this clinic is a mystery. We don't know what we're looking for. Their bodies are the scene of the crime. Their symptoms and history are clues. You saved your life. We're doctors and we're detectives. I kind of love it if I'm being honest. Solve the puzzle. Save the patient. Watson. All episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus


now streaming. When people go missing, I get hired to help find them when lives are on the line. Coter, please find my daughter. He's the man for the job. I'm gonna do everything I can. Don't miss a moment. Culture's in trouble. I can feel it. Of TV's number one show. These people are dangerous in doing this alone. Not at all. Every Batman gotta have their Robin culture. Justin Hartley stars and made promise I would never stop looking in Tracker. All episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus and returning CBS fall.