
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


Even If, you love the thrill of true crime stories as much as I do. There are times when you wanna mix it up, and that's where Audible comes in with all the genres you love and new ones to discover. Explore thousands of audio books, podcasts, and originals with more added all the time. Listening to Audible can lead to positive change in your mood, your habits, and even your overall wellbeing. And you can enjoy Audible anytime while doing household chores, exercising, commuting, you name it. There's more to imagine when you listen. Sign up for a free 30 day Audible trial and your first audio book is free. Visit Audible dot ca


In 1992. Something Eerie was going on at the VA Hospital in Columbia, Missouri. More patients than usual are dying. They're dying on the same wing, often on the night shift. Is this coincidence or something far darker? From Campsite Media and Sony Music Entertainment? Listen to witnessed night shift. Subscribe on Apple Podcasts to binge all episodes now or listen weekly, wherever you get your podcasts.


I started working on a story about a scandal in the ballet world. My name is Alice Rob and I'm a contributing writer for Vanity Fair. It was a business story about a ballet company that turned into a murder investigation. So in 2016, Ashley married a much older man together. They made a plan to start a new ballet company. Ashley's dream was to create a ballet company that would be a home for dancers who were unconventional. She Didn't want a cookie cutter company.


She wanted girls that were tall, girls that were short. You know, I am taller, so I thought that this would be a great fit for me. I don't know that Doug could spell ballet before he met Ashley, but you know, when you love somebody, what do you wanna do? You wanna make her happy. Ashley was 24 and Doug was 54. They knew each other for approximately 13 days before they got married. Ashley was sending photographs of herself to Doug constantly. She was, you know, a bikini model at some point, and she knew how to work it. She knew how to use it. His major concern is, how's he gonna introduce Ashley to Eva?


I felt like Ashley was taking my dad away from me. Ashley wants to win total affection. She wants to be number one. She would go through periods where She was just raging at Doug. She flip flops between, he's a great guy who everybody knew him as, or he is evil, good or evil, good or evil, good or evil. She goes to live with her mother and effectively cuts off all communication with Doug. He's begging her to talk about things, give him another chance. Meanwhile, she accused him of trying to poison her. She's Accused him publicly of murder. Attempted murder Was Doug Benefield dangerous. They both had a lot of guns and there was an incident where during an argument he shot a gun into the ceiling.


After the the case with the poisoning allegations, I saw a picture of the two of them, you know, arm in arm attending a gala together and looking like a happy couple. He was so hopeful and optimistic that everything would be all right. Every time she made allegations, she always came back to him and gave him hope of reconciling. At some point, Ashley said that she wanted to move to Maryland together and start over as a family. They were packing up her house in Florida. I heard somebody, somebody screaming outside and She shot him.


She walks next door, gun in hand, and tells the neighbor, I shot Doug in self-defense It right next door to me. She just came over. Her strength husband attacked her and she says she shot him. Was she genuinely afraid or just trying to get her way Since Black swan came out? I think that's a lot of people's only window into ballet, which sucks, but this certainly does. Parlay into that narrative To Doug Ashley, this innocent pure white swan, but underneath those white feathers, she's the black swan Jim Axelrod reports.


The Case of the Black Swan Part one. Do you remember your last's conversation with your dad? He tried to call me, but I didn't pick up 'cause I was at work. I said, I'll call you later. Never called him because I assumed everything would be all right. I'd get a Bible verse next morning and I'd call him and everything would be okay. Eva Benefield got a Bible verse by text every morning from her father Duck. It was their daily ritual, but on September 28th, 2020, that Bible verse never came a sign that everything was not okay.


I was freaking out and I, I spammed him with text messages. I called him At a desperation. She began Googling the names Doug and Ashley Benefield and accident with Florida man. Later that day, Eva called an uncle who had texted her And I said, what's wrong with my dad? And he said, there's been an accident. And I said, she killed him, didn't she? And he said, yeah, she shot him twice. Hang on. Those were the first words outta your mouth. Where was that coming from? I just had a gut feeling. I drove a couple blocks down the road to my friend's house and they saw that I was crying and they said, what's wrong? And I said, Ashley killed my dad.


It was a tragic end to a relationship that began at a dinner in Florida back in August of 2016. Doug met Ashley and felt like he'd been struck by a thunderbolt. He just immediately thought Ashley was the most beautiful, the most amazing person in the world. Writer Alice Rob wrote a piece about the Benefield for Vanity Fair. Doug was from Charleston, South Carolina, a consultant who worked with technology companies and defense contractors. The two had bonded over conservative values and guns. The night that she met Doug for the first time, she had guns on her person in her purse, in her bra, Stephanie Murphy.


Doug's family attorney says that when Ashley first met Doug She was working in the Sarasota Campaign office of Donald Trump, her job was to help galvanize the evangelical vote and work the rallies. You can see video of her on the internet throwing things into the crowd, getting people really excited. Aside from her work in politics, Ashley had also been a fledgling swimsuit model and a dancer with the Maryland Youth Ballet, where She was sometimes a featured performer as in this piece from the Nutcracker. I've seen videos of her dancing. She was definitely a good, well-trained dancer.


Days after they met, Doug left the country on a short business trip, and by the time his plane was landing back in the United States, the heart emojis were flying fast and furious. They were saying, I love you to each other. Within I think a week or so, Doug was deeply religious and his friends believed he wanted to marry Ashley before he was intimate with her. What did he say to you Were you marry us? Trip Cormany was one of Doug's closest friends and happened to be an ordained Episcopal pastor at the time. Just 13 days had passed since the couple had met. Trip wasn't thrilled, but agreed to perform the ceremony.


It Was being loyal to my friend. Doug invited almost no one to the wedding, not even his teenage daughter. He loves this girl, his 15-year-old daughter. He goes and gets married and doesn't even tell her. Yep. Tommy Benefield is Doug's cousin. It's bewildering. I would've talked him out of it. Eva certainly would've talked him out of it. Eva was stunned, still dealing with an unspeakable trauma. Nine months earlier, Eva's mother and Doug's wife, 56-year-old Renee Benefield had died. Eva had discovered her mother's body.


I couldn't get in through the front door and she wasn't answering the doorbell or the knock. So I crawled through these bushes and then that was Your parents' bedroom? Yeah, so I could see directly in there. The blinds were open, the lights weren't on or anything, and then I could kind of see her silhouette. So I went to the door and went to my neighbor. The neighbor kicked in the door there. Renee was dead from an undiagnosed heart ailment in the aftermath. Doug was right there for his daughter. After my mom died, he really took kind of a motherly role along with a fatherly role. He made sure, you know, I could go to him with boy problems, with school drama, with anything, and he would take care of it.


But nine months later, Eva discovered Doug had a new woman in his life. I was upstairs and he said, Eva, we need to come down and talk to me and Ashley. And I said, the only thing that you would need to tell me about y'all's relationship is if y'all If. you proposed. And as soon as those words came outta my mouth, he said, we're married. That's a Lot. It is a lot. Doug encouraged Ashley to try and mother a reluctant Eva, who was only nine years younger. He basically told her that I needed somebody. I needed a motherly role in my life, and I didn't think that I needed that.


The situation became even more complicated when Doug and Ashley allowed Eva's friend Sydney to move into the house. Two teenage girls and a new young wife were a combustible combination. And during one heated argument with Ashley, Doug cracked In a terrible moment, he discharged the gun into the ceiling of his house. His best friend trip says that Doug was filled with regret. In his words, he said, I did the dumbest thing I've ever done in my life, But that did not end the relationship just the opposite. Two days after the gun incident, Doug and Ashley threw themselves a formal wedding reception complete with guests.


This time, the newlyweds also forged ahead with Ashley's grand plan to create an inclusive ballet company. The idea of it was really great, But implementing it was something else entirely. She struck him with her motor vehicle. She had been under the influence that she left him there.


In January, 2022, local woman, Karen Reed, was implicated in the mysterious death of her boyfriend, Boston Police officer John O'Keeffe. It was alleged that after an innocent night out for drinks with friends, Karen and John got into a lover's quarrel and route to the next location. What happens next? Depends on who you ask. Was it a crime of passion? If, you believe the prosecution. It's because the evidence was so compelling, and this was clearly an, you know, an intentional act in his cause of death was blunt force trauma with hypothermia Or a corrupt police coverup. If, you believe the defense theory, however, this was all a coverup to prevent one of their own from going down. Everyone had an opinion, and after the 10 week trial, the jury could not come to a unanimous decision To end in a mistrial. It's just a confirmation of just how complicated this case is. Law and crime presents the most in-depth analysis to date of the sensational case in Karen. You can listen to Karen exclusively with Wondery Plus. join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify


Experience in person. The unsettling true stories behind the Doctor Death Podcast at Exhibit C Live presents Dr. Death a closer look. This live tour experience brings you face-to-face with accounts of doctors who caused irreparable harm, the system that failed to protect their patients, and the heroes who stopped them. You'll hear from me, Laura Beal, reporter and host of the Doctor Death podcast, along with our panel of experts and whistleblowers. It's hosted by suspects, Matthew Scher. It's an important evening with one of the most iconic true crime podcasts of all time. Don't miss your chance to be part of the conversation. Exhibit C live presents Dr. Death a Closer. Look. Tickets go on sale August 9th, so get your truest true crime fans together and get tickets before they sell out.


Once Ashley started causing trouble and stress, that's when he started to realize how I was feeling. Even though there was a growing tension at home between Ashley and Eva, He promised me that things, things were gonna be okay. Eventually, Doug went ahead with helping Ashley follow her dream, establishing a ballet company in Charleston with a unique mission. Being more inclusive, having dancers of every shade, color, body type things. Those are all things that I'm a big believer in And up. Ashley and Doug hired Ballet Master, Michael Wise, to train the dancers.


They talked a big game about big money. He says $10 million they promised they'd secured from backers and boldly named their new company, the American National Ballet or a and b. When you first met Doug, what kind of guy did he strike you as? Kind a very serious businessman and had a very methodical approach to a lot of what he did. Did he know anything about ballet? No, and he was very open about that. I was supposed to be working with Ashley to get her to understand how a company should be run. What Was your first impression of Ashley Young, ambitious. We were all hoping that she would rise to the occasion.


In the summer of 2017, Ashley and Doug were there as A and B held auditions. I definitely thought that it was something that I wanted to be a part of. Dancer Amana Hemsley hoped a and B would be her chance to prove herself. Being a black female dancer, it's so challenging to audition for other companies where you don't fit the mold. Exactly, so I thought that this would be a great fit for me. You know, if you're in the ballet community, you know there's a lot of crap that needs to change. Athena Opolis interviewed with Ashley and loved what she heard about her vision.


It sounded like She was genuinely excited to get this new company going and that they were going to try and do things a little bit differently. The majority of her dancers were individuals that were very much like her, had the drive, had the want, but hadn't necessarily been given an opportunity. Dancer, after dancer proudly posted to social media. They joined the a NB family, but that wasn't the only family Ashley had in mind. On top of starting a ballet company, Ashley also wanted to get pregnant, And in the midst of putting together the ballet company, that's exactly what happened.


How did that sit with you? It didn't sit well at all, so this kind of felt like another stab in the back. There was a lot of stress 'cause now they basically have two teenage daughters and a little girl on the way. At the end of the summer in 2017, some 40 dancers from all over the world began arriving in Charleston to work with Ashley. From the first meeting, they realized what they'd been promised at a and b wasn't what they'd be getting. We get there and we're like, where is she? And Doug announces that she is bedridden with a really difficult pregnancy, and so she wasn't gonna be there for the first however many months.


It was explained to me that they were going to be developing this state-of-the-art facility in downtown Charleston. Day one, when we're ready to start up, they were like, can we use your facility? Each day something would happen. That just made us feel even more unsettled. Hi guys. Sorry. The shoes kept dropping. The company typically pays for the dancer's point shoes. I remember one day we came in and they're like, yeah, unfortunately we have to half your allotment of shoes. This Sounds like a professional baseball team not supplying their players with bats. Yeah, That's That's exactly what it is.


On top of all this chaos and confusion, the dancers were having trouble getting paid. Their checks were often late. If they arrived at all, Doug was scrambling to meet the company's obligations. We would ask him, Hey, where's the money for our shoes or our paychecks? He would go to the bank and just pull out cash and give people cash. Paying you out of his own pocket in cash is not the kind of thing that's going to inspire confidence. No, no. Confidence had gone a long time at this point. That was very long gone, and we really thought we're like, well, when Ashley comes back like that might be what fixes all of this.


But Ashley wasn't coming back at the end of August citing her difficult pregnancy. Ashley went back to Florida to live with her mother while Doug tried to make the ballet work in Charleston. What did you make of that? I was just kind of like, okay. I mean, that means I get more alone time with my dad to hang out. We had a decent amount of sympathy for him too. We're like, geez, he got sucked into this whole thing and poor thing. He doesn't really know what he's doing. He's trying to be there for us as much as he can. The rumblings about trouble in the benefield's marriage grew louder. It seemed like it was something that was going to crash and burn Very shortly, Very shortly in September while Doug was at an event for the ballet, Ashley and her mother drove from Florida to the house in Charleston and dropped a bombshell.


The marriage was over. She came to Charleston And packed up her things and then left Doug this scathing note about all the reasons why she didn't wanna be with him anymore. In the note, Ashley called him possessive and controlling. She wrote the incident when he'd fired a gun into the ceiling, as well as other unsafe behavior had left her fearful for her life and the safety of her unborn child. I could see the look in his face when he read it. I could just tell his heart was broken, But Ashley's note was just the beginning.


He had this family that he thought was going to be perfect, happy and faithful, and it fell apart in the most spectacular way. It wasn't long before the relationship became truly toxic. She thought Doug may have poisoned her. This is a pretty long letter.


She says at the end, do not harass or try to follow me, or I will call the police. She does not seem like someone who is open to getting back together. Ashley's scathing note to Doug left little doubt about her feelings. I really think that Ashley thought that that was gonna be it. Just pack up her stuff, leave a note, and it was gonna be over. But Doug wasn't ready to give up. He sent Ashley text after text begging her to reconsider. One of them read, I am on my knees and face before God asking you to forgive me.


But Ashley was not in a forgiving mood. She decided to call the authorities on. Doug Cops showed up at my house after she left my dad and he wasn't home. I had to answer the door. She got child protective Services involved from Florida. I hadn't even seen her in months. Ashley told police that Doug had anger issues and all about the day he fired his gun inside the house. Investigators interviewed Eva. I was constantly having people come up to my door and questioning if my dad was a good dad, and it just made me so angry because he was, and I just kept having to repeat myself. My dad is a good dad.


He's never done anything to hurt anyone. He wouldn't hurt anyone. Doug was investigated by CPS and ultimately cleared. He'd been evaluated by a psychologist, a full psych evaluation, who said, there's nothing wrong with this guy. He's not dangerous. Doug was struggling on another front, overwhelmed by handling the ballet company. By mid-October, we were notified that Ashley was stepping down. Did she jump or was she pushed? Pushed.


Why? Because there needed to be leadership and Ashley was not being a leader Wise was in the room. When Doug got a call from Ashley, it was more than a little upset. The phone rang, he picks it up and you hear Ashley screaming. You took my ballet company away from me. With Ashley gone. Doug brought in new leaders who made drastic changes. On October 23rd, 2017, some of these dancers, including Amana, were called into a meeting, told to sign non-disclosure agreements and fired, and Doug was of no help here.


No, Doug was, yeah. Nowhere to be found that day Just like that. Half the company's dancers were gone. Two days later, Ashley posted on the ballet's social media pages. I am completely devastated by what has been done and the new leadership has destroyed all that. We work so hard to build. What happened hurt. It helped to know that someone was on our side there and that, you know, this was never the intention. It seemed like a beautiful idea had gone up in smoke. Within months, the American National Ballet was done.


Doug was out more than a hundred thousand dollars. His ballet nightmare was over, but his friends say a new one was just beginning. Ashley now had questions about Doug's first wife, Eva's mother, Renee, and how she died. Ashley texted Doug, wait, what did she die of again? Doug told her that Renee had a 75% artery blockage. Ashley, I thought I have heard you say something about medications or something like bad drugs. You know, I've read the autopsy report. It's clear. Died of a heart attack essentially.


It soon became clear why Ashley was so interested in how Renee died. She told Doug's cousin, Tommy, she thought Doug had poisoned Renee even though Doug was out of town at the time. What was your reaction? You must have been like, what? It's out of left field. I'm, I'm really confused by that. The local police say they closed the case in 2016 after they got the coroner's report, but Ashley talked to writer Alice. Rob shared her theory about Renee and made another shocking allegation. She said that, you know, as a dancer, she'd always known her body well and that she really felt like She was even more nauseous than she would've expected as a pregnant woman.


And she said that she had been poisoned. Ashley believed that Doug has been poisoning her while She was pregnant with their daughter. They were both big T fans and she hearkened back to the times that Doug was bringing her tea in bed because she didn't wanna get out of bed. Doug still hoping for a reconciliation and having no idea about Ashley's suspicions sent her a birthday gift At the end of November, 2017. He had purchased a lovely teapot and teacups and saucers and this specialty team that was supposed to be for pregnant women. The gift fed Ashley's growing concerns about Doug.


She takes it to the police department as hazardous materials and claims that it's how he's poisoning her. What did the police make of that? They treated as hazardous materials that day. They tested and prove out it's not any poisonous materials. Ashley also sent her hair to an independent lab for testing to determine if she'd been poisoned. The report said her hair showed higher than normal levels of aluminum, zinc, and other metals, but Doug's lawyer disputes those findings. She had gotten plenty of lab work done because She was pregnant. Her medical records in South Carolina, her labs all came back normal Three weeks before her due date without Doug knowing Ashley checked herself into the hospital.


I don't think She was poisoned, but that doesn't mean she doesn't think She was poisoned. She was at Tampa General Hospital claiming the child had been exposed to heavy metals in utero because her husband had poisoned her. Ashley also claimed without any proof that Doug was physically abusive and had held her prisoner back in Charleston. She said he had been stalking her in Florida with no way to know if what Ashley told them was true. The hospital took precautions for her safety and assigned her a new name. Christina, three days later, doctors performed a C-section.


The baby girl was healthy, but Ashley continued to worry. Her baby had been poisoned. Both Ashley and her daughter were here every single day receiving treatments. Do you think Ashley believed She was poisoned? Chat now with the 48 hours team on Facebook and X At a time, when we're debating where policing is going, we're gonna tell you where the police came from. They wanted me to write about the New York City Police Department, but without using the words violence or corruption, which is effectively impossible, A story of how the largest and most influential police department in the country became one of the most violent and corrupt organizations in the world.


Doesn't matter if you're, you know, a self emancipated law person or if you're a free or what, they're just sending people back to the south, kidnapping them. When officers with the power to fight, the danger become the danger. I was terrified. I'm not gonna talk to the police 'cause they're the ones who were perpetrating this. Who am I gonna talk to


From Wondery and Crooked Media? I'm Chin Jra Kika and this is Empire City. The untold origin story of the NYPD. Follow Empire City on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts, you can listen early and ad free on Wondery Plus. Right now. join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts.


I'm Dan Tab Bursky. In 2011, something strange began to happen at the high school in Leroy, New York. I was like at my locker and she came up to me and She was like, stuttering super bad. I'm like, stop around. She's like, I, I, I, I, I Can't. A mystery illness, bizarre symptoms and spreading fast. It's Like doubling and tripling and it's all these girls With a diagnosis. The state tried to keep on the down low. Everybody Thought I was holding something back. Well, You were holding something back intentionally. Yeah, yeah. Well, yeah. No, it's hysteria. It's all in your head. It's not physical. You. Oh my gosh, you're exaggerating. Is this the largest mass hysteria since the witches of Salem or is it something else entirely? Something's wrong here.


Something's not right. Leroy was the new dateline and everyone was trying to solve the murder.


A new limited series from Wondery and Pineapple Street Studios. Hysterical. Follow hysterical on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of hysterical early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.


The news that Ashley had given birth to a healthy baby girl in March, 2018 took more than a month to reach. Doug says his lawyer, Stephanie Murphy. The baby was born about three weeks early. Doug had no idea. Baby Emerson did not have Doug's last name, and Doug was not listed as the father on the original birth certificate. no one was. Ashley Wanted to raise her daughter with her mother alone. She didn't want to co-parent And she kept pursuing her accusation that Doug had killed Renee. Eva says that at one point Ashley and her mother Alicia even pulled Eva aside and they suggest to you that your father had a part in your mother's death, right?


What exactly did they say to you? They said, we're concerned about your safety. Your dad's a bad guy. He does bad things. I just told them to get away from me, But mother and daughter did not go away. Months later, Eva says they renewed their accusations and what did they say? That time Your dad poisoned your mom. How'd you react to that? I said, no, we didn't. I was there. I found my mom and that caused a lot of emotional trauma. My dad wouldn't do that. He loved my mom. I wanna be clear about something. Was Doug ever charged with any crime?


No, Sir. None of the allegations were true. Ashley did not respond to our request for an interview, but she appeared convinced that she and her three month old baby had been poisoned in her search for help. Ashley signed them up for 26 consecutive days of treatment in this hyperbaric chamber. It can detox the body of heavy metals and other toxins. Safety director Robert Auth says Ashley and her daughter spend 40 hours in this 12 person chamber that looks more nautical than medical. We call them dives because it's, we're almost simulating diving like when the divers go down.


Ashley's daughter was the youngest patient ever treated here. Adults wear a plastic hood while inside the chamber, but with a baby, things got a bit tricky. Ashley's daughter was really small, you know, at that time, so we ended up taking this ring and we put it around her waist. It was like She was like a little ballerina, and so her half of her body was actually inside of the hood. In the summer of 2018, the poisoning allegations came to a head when the Benefield squared off in a Bradenton Florida courtroom. Doug wanted to see his daughter and Ashley was requesting an injunction to keep him far away.


An audio recording was made of the proceeding. Here's Stephanie questions, Ashley, about the state of her pregnancy. You also told Lakewood Ranch, O-B-G-Y-N, that the pregnancy had been uncomplicated. Correct? Is there a page you would like me to reference? I'm just asking him, is that what you told them? I wouldn't say it was uncomplicated. My entire life has been complicated for about two years. Okay. The OB wrote right hand report pregnancy has been uncomplicated. Was that inaccurate? I'm not responsible for what the doctor, the nurse writes. Okay. You have accused your husband of poisoning you. Yes, it is heartbreaking that somebody you would trust would do something to you, But the judge was not persuaded by two days of testimony and the lab test results Ashley had submitted.


There is not a single illa of credible evidence that Ms. Benfield has ever been poisoned or suffered from any illness of any poison. That ruling cleared the way for Doug to finally see his daughter. Days later, he and Ashley met outside the sheriff's office to exchange the baby. To Stephanie's surprise, Ashley was suddenly very accommodating. She then immediately went right up to Doug, handed the baby over. Nice as she could be, very cordial. She even suggested that the three of them, Doug, Ashley, and the baby spend time together And Doug said, okay, sure.


Because Doug wanted to make the transition as easy for his daughter as possible because to her he was a stranger. And I talked to Doug. I said, okay, that's fine. Of course, please be careful For the better. Part of the next year, Doug, Ashley and their daughter seemed happy, at least according to Doug. Doug even moved to a nearby apartment in Florida. Doug thought they were back together, that they were doing what they were supposed to do in the beginning, which was to slowly get to know each other, be a family. I thought everything was gonna be okay. But in August, 2019, when he met Ashley to pick up his daughter, Doug was stunned to see what he thought was an engagement ring on Ashley's finger.


Doug hired a private investigator to find out what was going on. The private eye told Doug that Ashley was seeing another man, and in November, 2019, Doug filed for divorce. Soon after Ashley began lodging complaints against Doug, Ashley accused Doug of sexually abusing his daughter. She accused him of a whole litany of things. Bye-Bye bye-Bye. Doug Vehemently denied harming his daughter and authorities agreed. There was no evidence. Doug then wrote an email in March of 2020 to the sheriff's office accusing Ashley of having a split personality, but a few months later, Doug did something that seemed unthinkable in a head spinning move.


He announced that he and Ashley were going to try again to be a family and we're relocating to Maryland. Tommy, I know we keep circling back to the same question, and I'm sorry, it's just any viewer of this hour is going to also be asking, what did Doug need to see before he would say, timeout, we're done. He is still believing he can rescue and save and have a marriage, a loving marriage. After somebody says, you're sexually abusing your daughter, don't you cut and run? Don't you say, I tried right, I'm out.


Right? Yes, most people do, but not Doug. She's still presenting to him and to others that they're gonna put all this back together again. Friends held their breath but hoped for Doug's sake that a miracle reunion was about to happen. Trip says he knew better than to even try to talk. Doug out of reconciling with Ashley. Nothing I can say that could possibly turn him around on this. He's gonna do this if it kills him. Go inside the couples short but troubled relationship@fortyeighthours.com.


Imagine you're walking through the park one day and you see a suspicious backpack sitting underneath a bench. You report it to the police, and upon investigating, they discover two live pipe bombs inside you rush to clear the area before they explode, saving countless lives and preventing injury. Everyone declares you a hero for a fleeting moment until everything changes and you are declared the prime suspect. This was the story of security guard Richard Jewel. After the Centennial Park bombing killed one person and wounded more than 100 public pressure and a media witch hunt pushed a desperate FBI to find a suspect. Despite obvious holes in the case and unethical tactics used by the FBI, security guard Richard Jewel was under pressure to confess. I'm Aaron Habel. And I'm Justin Evans. Join us as we explore the aftermath of the 1996 Centennial Olympic Park bombing in the newest season of our podcast, generation Y, the Olympic Park bombing Follow Generation Y on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to Generation Y ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.


It was 1989 in Titusville, Florida. Kim Hallick said she and her ex-boyfriend Chip Flynn were kidnapped and attacked at gunpoint. Kim fled the scene, but Chip didn't make it out alive. Did you kill Chip Flynn? No ma'am. Crosley Green has lived more than half his life behind bars for a crime. He says he didn't commit. I'm Aaron Moriarty of 48 hours and of all the cases I've covered, this is the one that troubles me most. Involving an eyewitness account that doesn't quite make sense. A sister testifying against a brother, they Always say lies you can't remember lies A lack of physical evidence and questions about whether Crosley Green was accused, arrested and convicted because he's black. Just because a white female says a black man has committed a crime, we take that as gospel. Listen to murder in the Orange Grove, the trouble case against Crosley Green early and ad free on Wondery Plus in the Wondery app starting September 11th.


He said that their relationship was going really well and he was just excited for a fresh start. On September 27th, 2020, Doug Benefield was preparing to begin his new life. He was moving with Ashley, their young daughter, and Ashley's mother, Alicia, from Florida to Maryland. So it's Sunday night and Doug is over at Ashley and Alicia's house and Doug is filling up the U-Haul. Alicia decides to take the baby for a walk down to the neighborhood park. Ashley stayed behind with Doug soon after a neighbor heard screams and called 9 1 1. I heard some somebody screaming outside.


Then Ashley walked to a different neighbor's house carrying her 45 caliber handgun. She walks next door, gun in hand, tells the neighbor, I shot Doug in self-defense. The neighbor calls 9 1 1 Right next door to me. She just came over. Her strength husband attacked her and she says she shot him. Ashley can be heard sobbing in the background. When the ambulance arrived, Doug was still breathing. Police and MTS assisted Doug, who had been shot twice in his right leg and arm. Police noted that the bullet from his arm traveled into his chest cavity.


Doug lived for an hour but died at nearby doctor's hospital. Ashley was not arrested that night as detectives began investigating her claim of self-defense, but they'd have to do it without her. She didn't speak to detectives at all, But Ashley's mother, Alicia told the detective that she and her daughter were victims of domestic abuse and had been living in fear of Doug for three and a half years. She claimed that they tried to get help but nobody would help them and Ashley's lawyer, faith Brown told the detective that Ashley was creating an escape plan to get away from Doug once and for all.


Brown told the detective Ashley was in danger as a psychologist, two attorneys and a burner phone. Ashley also had a safe location and a rental car set up. Ashley was expected to implement the plan the very next day because as Ashley's lawyer told, the detective She was very concerned. Doug was getting wind of the plan, but as detectives investigated, Ashley's claim of self-defense became problematic. A detective noted that Doug had no guns or weapons on his person or near him.


She shot an unarmed man In the days and weeks after the shooting. Ashley did not reveal what happened in that moment. In November of 2020, Ashley Benefield was charged with second degree murder. The arrest warrant noted it appears that Ashley had exhausted all legal means of keeping the child away from Douglas before the shooting. She's pled not guilty. I don't know what Ashley believed Writer Alice. Rob says it's difficult to know if Ashley was a victim or a master manipulator. Was she genuinely afraid and just trying to protect her baby and save herself?


Or was she trying to get Doug out of her life just out of spite just 'cause she hated him? I feel like she, part of her wanted to believe that my dad was a good guy, but then there was also a part of her that was scared of him, and I think that that part took over. Why was she scared of him? I think all the allegations she made just, she started to believe them a little too much. Ashley's mother, Alicia Byers, was granted custody of her grandchild while awaiting trial. Ashley was free on bond and saw her daughter frequently.


Do you ever think about her, Ashley? All the time. What do you think? I just wanna know why would she take away my father, my best friend, knowing that I don't have another parent. I knew something was wrong one day when he didn't send me a good morning text and then a couple hours later I got a call that she, that she had shot and killed him. Over the past year, Eva has been exploring her feelings on TikTok, using her unique sense of humor to soothe her pain. She posts frequently under the name Eva, the freaking diva, where she jokes that her brand is the girl with the dead parents.


This Isn't the chum bucket. I use dark humor. I, I just, I don't know. I guess it's the way my brain's wired, but I'd rather not sit in sulk. I'd rather just make light of a situation These days. Eva cherishes her time with Sully, the dog who once belonged to her father, and she and Tommy still go to the beach at Sullivan's Island where her father's ashes were scattered. When we stand out here now all these months later, any peace, I don't think I'm gonna get peace until after the trial's over.


Do you ever dream about your dad? A few times. What happens in the dream? We're in this big house and he enters the room through the a door and he says, I've been in hiding and I need you to help me. And then I run with him and there's a tunnel and then I wake up. Coming up next. Guess what I know everybody's been waiting for the day next week is her first in-person hearing, which means I'm gonna see her in person for the first time since she killed my dad. A daughter comes face to face with her father's accused, killer learning, disturbing new details, wounds the body, and It's been difficult for me hearing about it over again and over again and over again.


It's just, it's a lot. They made this all about Doug. They cast Doug in the worst possible light For the first time. Ashley Benefield takes the stand claiming Doug tried to poison her with a gift. When I opened it, there was an overwhelming strong chemical smell and I got like an instant Headache. She says Doug was abusive. He come at me like he was gonna hit me. He threw a chair at me. Then in tears, Ashley's story of what she says happened that night. He said, you're fucking done. I was scared to death.


She's the kind of person who eventually believes her own lies, but just because someone believes what they're saying doesn't make it true And I start pulling the trigger they just got. That's next on 48 hours.


If, you like this podcast, you can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Paramount podcasts.