
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today. 48 hours podcast listeners love a true crime mystery. But you know what's not a mystery? The fact that Audible has the best collection of audio books and podcasts, Audible makes it easy to be entertained as part of your daily routine. As, an Audible member You could choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers, 48 hours podcast listeners recommend Empire of Pain, the secret history of this Sackler Dynasty by Patrick Radden. Keefe New members can try Audible free for 30 days, Visit Audible dot com slash 48 hours or text 48 hours to 500 500.


That's Audible dot com slash 48 hours or text 48 hours to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days, Audible dot com slash 48 hours. When I begin a new story, there are facts to be checked and experts to confer with at the outset. It sometimes feels overwhelming. Getting started on a new home project could be similar. It's hard to know where to start. That's where Angie comes in. Angie has over 200,000 pros in their network, making it easy to research, compare and hire top rated experts for any project in your home with just a few taps in the Angie app or a few clicks on angie.com.


You could connect with local pros who have been rated and reviewed by real homeowners in your neighborhood. Angie is there to help homeowners get all their jobs done well. So get started on the app or go to angie.com. That's a NG i.com. I'm Dan rather. 11 years of marriage suddenly ended by a terrible tragedy. What really happened on Slide Mountain? 48 hours right now. It was a deadly crash on Slide Mountain. Wipe it still in the vehicle.


It ended an 11 year marriage. She was my partner. She was my best friend. She meant the world to us. Peter who was driving was lucky. He escaped serious injury. I don't remember anything of it, of it at all, but was it really luck? Common Sense along tells me that this was not an accident. Two years later, he's charged with murder. He came up here with the sole purpose of murdering his wife, Susan Spencer investigates. Were you angry with her? I was upset with her and just six weeks after his wife was killed, he said, Come over and sit in the jacuzzi. Was it a tragic accident? There was no evidence or was it murder?


If I was gonna kill somebody and this would be a perfect place to do it. You feel persecuted. I feel persecuted. It's a conspiracy. The mystery of slide mount. What happened when a pickup truck went careening down a dark mountain road with deadly results? Can the police prove murder? They were husband and wife seeing each other for the first time in more than a month heading home when their vehicle plunged over a cliff. The husband he was driving is hurt, but not seriously.


His wife is killed in the crash. Almost from that very moment, there is suspicion of foul play. Still two years would pass before the husband Peter Bergna would be charged with murder. A tough charge to prove, especially given the passage of time and mostly circumstantial evidence. no one else was there when Rinette lost her life. no one but her husband, Susan Spencer investigates what happened at midnight on Slide Mountain. We were just a normal couple that just loved each other and love to be together and love to travel and do things.


I don't get it, Peter Berger's. Life is normal. No more the night this all happened. Tell me what happened You, you went to the airport to pick her up. I went to the airport to go pick her up A few hours before midnight. June 1st, 1998, 45-year-old antiques dealer, Peter Bergna drives to the airport in Reno, Nevada to pick up his wife. Rinette a trip he'd made many times before, but this night would be different. I remember talking to her at the airport saying she had a great trip. Wonderful. Rinette had been on the road a grueling 24 hours returning from six weeks in Italy.


Rinette and Peter often had traveled together to Italy. She loved it there. What A gourmet breakfast. Gourmet loved visiting her family's relatives and at age 49, she had just made a dramatic career change, giving up a six figure income as a pharmaceutical consultant to become of all things an international tour guide. Rinette was ex ecstatic and Peter says he was happy about it too. I said, gosh, go do it. You love to travel. And I was supportive of whatever she wanted to go do. The couple lived in another of the world's spectacular places, the beautiful upscale Lake Tahoe resort area in the high Sierra Mountains, married 11 years.


They seemed a very good match to Annette's, closely knit family. I can't blame or two brothers and their wive. He was fun to be around. Very outgoing, very friendly. What, What was your reaction when you found out they were gonna get married? We Were happy. I thought that's great. Yeah. She had never been married before. Yeah, and She was, She was 39 when she got married. They had no kids, but Peter was active in youth soccer groups and friends say he and Rinette seemed very happy. Hello Peter. This one was a marriage of love, of consideration, of kindness and gentleness. She was thrilled about her new job, but after being left home alone for six weeks, Peter's original enthusiasm for it had ended.


He was miserable. She was gone, the wire home with me. So that night after he picked Rinette up at the Reno airport, Peter Bergna drove the Ford pickup into the high Sierras heading for Slide Mountain. We'll go up to one of our favorite spots overlooking the valley at night. It's absolutely breathtakingly gorgeous up there. And so we went up there to talk and She was ready to go. She was talk about the marriage. She was She, was She, was no Problem right off the plane. Well, She was fine going and talking with me. We talked about her being gone so much Off the main highway. Bergna continued down a narrow winding access road at the dead end.


He stopped and for half an hour or so, he and Rinette talked about their marriage. This conversation ends on an upbeat note. Absolutely, absolutely. Bergna says, in fact, the conversation ended so well that Rinette agreed both to cut back her traveling and to go straight home to make love. Tell me what happened next. We starred down the hill, Start going down the hill, and What Bergna describes next truly is the stuff of nightmares. And then I start saying, Rinette, we're not stopping.


We're not stopping yet. I don't see anything. It's piss, piss black outside And I'm hitting the brakes. I'm hitting the brakes. You panic you. You're hitting that brake harder. And then I start screaming for Rinette. His wife is still in the vehicle. Does he think his wife's strap? Do he think she did? He think she Did. Next thing I remember on the si side of the mountain, I Don't know why Stop. My eyes fromwhere south. In my mind I was breaking. Was I breaking Susan? I don't know. I thought I was Crashing through the guardrail. The truck ended up far down the cliff killing Rinette, but Peter Bergna was found on the side of the mountain, not far from the roadway and not seriously hurt.


He is haunted to this day. He says, by not knowing exactly what happened, how he escaped or whether she suffered. She was my life. She was my partner. She was my best friend, and She was my absolute angel from heaven. You love this woman. Absolutely with all my heart, with all my mind, and with all my soul. This I believe is an incline When Lynette's family has found it hard to accept her death. She was so full of life Always up. You never saw her down. And if she, I mean if she had problems, she didn't share 'em. There was a card waiting for, for us from Italy when we got home from the house when the day she died.


But now they've come to believe that the mysterious mountaintop accident was no accident at all. There was nothing to show that somebody coming down this roadway was steering, swerving, or braking or anything to try to avoid the guardrail. You don't want to think it was a murder. That takes a lot to really come out and think right off the get-go, man, this is a murder. Was this simply a tragic accident or something much more sinister with its breathtaking drop offs and reliable updrafts slide. Mountain Road is the perfect place to go hang gliding for police. Investigating Rinette, reala Berg's death slide.


Mountain Road also begins to seem like the perfect place to commit murder. Common sense along with education that I've gotten in my classes tells me that this was not an accident, but it was a murder. Trooper John Schilling investigated the Bergna case for the Nevada Highway Patrol. He begins to travel down the roadway. Okay, so he jumps out about here, according To you, somewhere over there he jumps out and the vehicle heads towards the guard rail where eventually it penetrates and travels down. He specializes in accident reconstruction, takes this one out completely, completely, Takes it out, and then continues through the guardrail and down the hill.


This is the mangled wreckage. Trooper Shilling found some 800 feet down the side of that mountain with Rinette still in the passenger seat. As soon as he saw it, it was clear to him nobody possibly could have survived this. When I first got to the scene, I, I didn't know which was front, which was back. It was that messed up. Messed up. It was that messed up. Rinette died of massive multiple injuries, but the medical examiner couldn't say exactly when she died or even if She was still alive when the truck went over. This Is how the car would react. Trooper Shilling videotaped road tests on the mountain as part of his investigation of a possible homicide with Peter Bergna, the son of a prosecutor.


The only suspect one piece Have some microphone. It's probably right there on the side of the camera In interviews taped right after the crash. That's pretty clever. The police find his manner very odd and he seems to remember almost nothing. And you can't Tell me how you got outta the car. I don't remember how I got outta The car. I don't remember going for the guardrail. I don't Remember airbag deploying or not Deploying. I don't remember coming out of the vehicle. I don't remember hitting the ground. I don't remember anything of it, of it at all. What's the last thing you do? Remember Panicking. Going to a complete panic. It seems like the immediate instinct would be to turn the other way.


You know, grab that wheel and get away from the cliff. So should I make you a list of things like I should have done and didn't do? I can make you a long list now, now that it's over. Just can't do it without striking the guardrail. First up here. Trooper Shilling was busy making his own list. No road Mark. There was nothing to show that somebody coming down this roadway was steering, swerving, or braking or anything to try to avoid the guardrail. No skid marks. No swerving. No braking. And for a man who somehow was ejected from a deadly crash, Bergna wasn't badly hurt, suffering only a broken bone in his foot and some scrapes. Yes, I was in pain. Was I injured? Yes, I was injured.


Did I feel like I was injured enough to to, to suffice her death? No, not by the least. I've been telling you the truth from day one, But Bergna admitted to police that at one point that little talk with Rinette about their marriage had become quite heated If there was some arguing, no question about that. They had even discussed divorce. Were you angry with her? I was upset with her. I was upset with the fact that I wanted her home. I did not want her gone. And yet she really wanted to be traveling. This is a woman who had been traveling for something like what, 23 hours.


Why did you have to talk to her at right then? That's A great question. And anybody knows me, knows the kind of person I am. Trooper Shilling thinks he knows exactly the kind of person Peter Bergna is the kind who plans. What do you think happened up Here? He came up here with the sole purpose of murdering his wife. And how does he know that she is gonna die? I don't know. I just know that looking at this hillside, if I was gonna kill somebody and I wanted to send him over a mountain, this would be a perfect place to do it. You have no doubts about this. I have no doubts. T'S family agrees. I think he just went up there and knew exactly what he was doing and, and that's exactly what he did.


That it was planned ahead of time. Took me a long time to get to that point, but that I do believe it was premeditated. He planned it. He knew exactly what he was doing. The police had strong suspicions. Lynette's family had serious questions and all of Incline Village was buzzing with rumors about what had happened. There Was a certain amount of, you know, whispering and talking, going on behind the scenes Before all the facts are in or you get people taking sides. That's The last part I need for that accident was that diagram. But there was very little solid proof and as months and then years went by and the investigation continued without an arrest, Peter's longtime friends felt that he was being victimized.


Just a waste of time and money. And I, I've lost a lot of faith in our system because of this. You feel persecuted? I feel persecuted. I feel honestly it's a conspiracy. I love my wife and this man can't understand that he wants to take what he wants to do and win a case. Mr 50, Your honor, the man who has so enraged. Peter Bergna County, county prosecutor Dave Clifton, this Criminal Case who two and a half years after Rinette died, finally arrested Bergna and charged him with murder. He thinks he's smarter than he is and it's gonna trap him. Dave Clifton wants to put Peter Bergna in prison for life for murder.


He killed her. That man killed his wife. You have prefaced a lot of your answers by saying, people who know me correct is knowing who you are. The key to this whole case, I think so Prosecution might agree with you all rise. The prosecution's case is next. Fans of the 48 Hours podcast know that a good lead is always worth checking out. And if you're a listener who enjoys from the car, you'll wanna know that the National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4 available with all-wheel drive.


The new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain or wherever your story takes you. Or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander with three spacious rows of seating for up to eight passengers. Plus both Rav fours and Highlanders are available in hybrid models. So no matter your style, you can drive efficiently and save on gas. Visit your local Toyota dealer and check out amazing National Sales Event deals on RAVs Highlanders and more When you visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota. Let's go places. My dad works in B2B marketing.


He came by my school for career day and said he was a big row as man. Then he told everyone how much he loved calculating his return on ad spend. My friends still laugh at me. To this day, Not everyone gets B2B, but with LinkedIn you'll be able to reach people who do get a hundred dollars credit on your next ad campaign. Go to linkedin.com/results to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/results. Terms and conditions apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be. To me it never added up to what he was Saying. Lynette's family is making a pilgrimage of sorts to slide mountains where she died. You Can tell, here's a section here.


She was our angel among us and we didn't know it and it's really hard. It's been more than three years, but the pain is still fresh. The Car wound up way down there And the mystery of how it could happen, how Peter Bergner's truck could plunge down the mountain and kill Rinette, but somehow spare Peter is no closer to being solved. We want justice. That is whatever the truth is, that's what we want. All Rise t's family hopes that day has finally come. It Never ends. It's gonna be a tough, tough four weeks. Peter's mother and the rest of his family are at the trial too. It's been a whole year and he's kept his faith and strength and even helped us.


Antique steel. Peter Bergna has spent the past year in jail charged with murder and held without bail. I can only hope that this jury will render the truth. The evidence will show you that She was murdered by her husband, Mr. Burton, But prosecutors, Dave Clifton and Kelly Bell know this is no slam dump. You Don't have an eyewitness, you don't have a confession. So we're putting it together piece by piece. Clifton has seen enough of the pieces. You do See a little bit of a Dirt pattern here. You Know almost the evidence he'll present to think something doesn't fit. This case stinks if it's an accident, but whether we can take that evidence and prove a crime of murder that's serious of a crime beyond a reasonable doubt.


That's another question. This case has been a conclusion in search of evidence On the other side of the aisle. Lead defense lawyer Michael Schwartz. I've said from day one, this case exists in the minds of two or three people, the prosecutor, the and a couple of cops, A tough case for them, For the prosecution, the wrong case. I honestly believe they had absolutely no business bringing this case to court ever. One of the prosecution's first witnesses, a key witness is Trooper John Shilling who points the finger directly at Bergna saying he staged the crash and jumped free of the truck before it hit the guardrail.


Do you have a conclusion to make as to whether or not you believe Mr. Bergen was in the vehicle when it hit instruct this guardrail? No, I do not believe he was in the vehicle. How certain is your conclusion? I'm a hundred percent certain. Bergen is attorney immediately challenges Trooper Shillings theory. I may not know all the calculations or to be qualified as an engineer, but I do understand the basics of accident, investigation and reconstruction. Well, that's different than understanding the laws of physics, isn't it? No, because accident, reconstruction and investigation are based upon laws of physics. Trooper Shilling is a partisan. She's not objective, he's not neutral, he is not unbiased, which police really do need to be. How many degrees of freedom or degrees of motion are described by what's going on here?


I don't know. Wasn't that one of the laws of physics? Sure. Okay. Could be. I don't know. Well, wouldn't it be important to know? I think he's above his head, way above his head. I think he's in the deep end of the pool right now. Struck the guardrail and exactly what position The defense strategy becomes clear discredit trooper shillings common sense theory of what happened. Well, If, you don't know how long it would take. How can you sit there and say that you don't believe that there wasn't sufficient time and Distance and dissect the crash into very small, very complicated moments. There Are forces applied and they move through distances and periods of time. Vacuum depletion is the absence of vacuum power assist Shock to the vehicle that's required to deploy the airbag is the change in velocity to close the arming sensor, which is in the area of two miles an hour.


My Calculation showed he's gonna leave at about nine feet per second faster than the vehicle perpendicular to the vehicle. But you can get so tangled up in equations and things that people have no idea what you're talking about. I, I really think that was just a bunch of smoke. I really think that was designed to try to create reasonable doubt because the more complicated we make it, the more the juries either won't understand it or will try to find a reasonable doubt when there really isn't any, Call it science or smokescreen. This case boils down to two competing theories. The prosecution insists that Peter Bergna was driving down the center of the road.


Then he deliberately made a sharp right turn and jumped out the truck, hit the guardrail, almost head on and smashed through. The defense scenario. Could not be more different. Defense lawyers say Bergna actually was hugging the guardrail, then the truck accidentally hit it pivoted hung for a split second on the crumpled rail. Somehow tossing Bergna out the window before plunging down the mountain. Two competing theories, but as always the devil's in the details. So the jury takes an eerie trip to slide Mountain to the site of the crash to see for itself.


We are at Mount Rose on what is probably known as the slide mountain turnoff. We can't show their faces, nor can we know what Peter Bergna was thinking as he revisited the scene. There's Another cap that's supposed to be on here Back in the courtroom. Prosecutors focus on evidence that's easier to understand and harder for the defense to explain. They zero in on two gas cans that Bergna filled shortly before picking Rinette up at the airport that night. The cans were not sealed shut. If any Spark or flame were to come in contact with the interior of that camper shell, they could explode. But I was very much aware I was carrying gas and took precautions to take care of that process by putting in one, if not two safety bars in the back of the truck.


Why Weren't the lids on? They were lost years ago. Just, I've done this for years this way. Stupid idea. Yeah, doesn't Look Good. Doesn't look good. But Whether it's gas cans or guardrails, she meant the world to us. Lynette's family is getting frustrated with days of testimony that seemed to overlook their loss. Good job, They lose sight that there was a person there and that's the part that always, you know, you, you sit there and you want to inject that into it. More Prosecutors agree and still worry that the jury is confused by the technical details of the crash. So they turned their attention to something the jury will understand. He said, Come over and sit in the jacuzzi or the Hot tub.


Were there other women in Peter Bergner's life that's next on 48 hours. When the murder trial of Peter Bergna began, he'd been in jail for almost a year and it had been more than three years since the night his wife Nette was killed in a crash with her husband at the wheel. At first, the trial focused on the physical evidence and competing theories as to why their pickup truck slammed into a guardrail and went plunging down the mountain.


Also, could that crash have been planned so as to spare the defendant's life while killing his wife? As for Annette's close-knit family, they care less about the pickup truck than about the defendant's character and possible motives for the murder, including money, marital strife, a husband growing angry with a wife, spending more time away from home on her job. Susan Spencer picks up the case now amid a mountain of doubts, Defense attorney Michael Schwartz would like nothing more than to focus Peter Berger's murder trial on this crushed and mangled wreckage.


To me, one of the central issues in the case always was were these marks caused by a parallel swipe of the guard into the guardrail. As your client says, running more or less parallel to it, right, Peter Bergna fate could rest on those marks. no one disputes that his Ford F-150 pickup crashed through a guardrail and tumbled nearly 800 feet down slide mountain killing his wife, Nette. In fact, no one disputes the guardrail itself was defective, weakened by years of wear and tear. But was this proof of an accident or evidence of murder? You get into the matters that are so rooted in science and engineering.


I don't think juries can reasonably be expected, not only to understand it, but to believe one side over another when you've got different sides saying different things. The actual science of what happened here on Slide Mountain at late spring night may well be above the juror's heads. But all Berger's lawyers have to do is cast reasonable doubt on the prosecution's case. If just one juror thinks that doubt exists, Peter Bergna cannot be convicted, hoping to head that off. The prosecution now turns its focus away from Slide Mountain and on to Peter Bergner's character. He would on numerous occasions, fly off the handle letter.


Rick Ella Lynette's brother takes the stand. Peter Was upset with my sister because she did not get the financial matters in in order. In his words, he said if she did not straighten her finances out, he wanted a divorce. How did you respond to that at all? I thought to myself, she's never gonna give him one. What we talked about was, hey, look at us. We're we're, we're, we're having this, that the people who get divorced do these kind of things. Isn't this stupid? What caused the spats? Lynette's brother testifies. It was money. Peter Didn't have a problem with my sister traveling as long as She was making a lot of money. But when She was traveling as a tour guide and not making as much money, the complaints got extremely more frequent.


Reala says money was a problem between Peter Bergna and Lynette's family. Even after her death, they fought over her $220,000 share of the family inheritance. My Brother and I had two years to buy Peter out. He didn't want that. He wanted the money now and he wanted it right away. When Lynette's brothers reluctantly agreed to pay, reala says Bergna actually demanded even more money. And He says, I want $400,000. And he told me, I've lost your sister's earning potential for the next 13 to 15 years. I need to get all the money I can from you In all between the inheritance and life insurance benefits. Peter Bergna got nearly three quarters of a million dollars as a result of Annette's death.


Would I kill my wife for that amount of money? And the answer is no. There's no amount of money I would ever, ever even think in those terms. Ever. People Have killed their wives for less. Not this man, not this man. But then on day 10 of the trial, a broadside, please Take the witness stand and be Seated. Prosecutors produce evidence that Peter Bergna was pursuing other women while Rinette was still in Italy And he was sitting on a bench and I just walked up to him and he said, would you go out for dinner with me? In my mind, I was going out for the purpose of business.


Some of These women apparently didn't understand it that Way. They did not. They completely did not understand that. He Asked me if I would be interested in going to the movies with him. I asked her to go to the movies As a business engagement. You bet. I have no problem with that whatsoever. Are you gonna talk in the movies or what? Prior to during, after He said he wanted to show me the art collection and come over and sit in the jacuzzi or the hot tub. And just six weeks after Lynette's death, Bura began pursuing this woman. And What did he do after he did That? Well then he started to touch me. And where did he touch you at? Right here. Right here. When he touched your breast, what did you do? I started to panic. I said, I gotta go.


I felt we got a very good reception from the jury today. I noticed that they picked the pens up and started riding on the points that I wanted them to get. All the while the one man, the only man who could shed light of the subject, will not take the stand. Peter spoke to the police for about eight hours within the first day and a half after the death of his wife. I know I did something wrong. That dude on purpose, there's no way in hell It's either on audio tape or videotape. It's all been given to the jury, But you've been so dismissive of the District attorney and so complimentary of Peter. Surely he could have stood up and you know, met that challenge. Whatever I've said about Mr. Clifton, that's dismissive goes to his ethics and his role as a district attorney.


He is as capable as any lawyer I've ever seen. It's screaming at people and badgering them and berating them. Stop. Can we stop talking about things I didn't say. That's True, your honor. Gentlemen In the courtroom, tempers fly Now, now be still. And listen to me. I've had enough. The lawyers in this trial interrupting each other, making comments about each other. Peter Bergman's family directs its anger at prosecutor Dave Clifton. A Prosecutor is supposed to be for the people. He was for the one side. They didn't wanna hear the truth ever. They wanted to hear that I killed my wife and it's not what happened. You don't believe that he honestly believes you did this?


I don't know what he believes Susan. I think he wants to put a notch in his belt. In my honest opinion, Bergner's lawyers put up a number of witnesses to paint a more positive portrait of Peter. I believe that he was generally devastated by Lynette's death and I continued to work for Peter Long after Rinette passed away, and I never would've done that unless I believed he was not guilty. Peter flirts with everybody. Life is great, whether it's man, woman, child, he has a ball talking to people. He missed her and was looking forward to her return back and all I heard was love ISN Peter's nature to put up a strong front.


I would say So, yes. His mother Pat takes the stand in her son's defense. Did Peter seem obsessed, interested, focused on obtaining money? No. Did did. He was good at making money because he would buy things and sell 'em at a better price and he was very good at that. Did he seem focused on acquiring money or wanting to go out and spend a lot of money? Not that I ever noticed, no. Please be seated. Then finally, after six long weeks, the jury gets the case. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, thank you again for your time, patience, and attention. Your work begins now. I'll direct the clerk to Jury. Will the jury by the prosecution's charge that Peter Bergna is a greedy and clever killer?


You Can never read a jury. They're only given so much information and they have to go with that. So we have to go with what they decide Or will they see Peter Bergna as a victim who lost his wife and now may lose his freedom? Is it accurate to say that you guys feel confident? I do. Do you? I think if the jury looks at it reasonably, I don't think there's any way that they could come away saying that the state proved that beyond a reasonable doubt. Please be seated. Peter Bergna is clearly worried he could spend the rest of his life in prison. The jury Has my life in their hands. That's pretty scary. Up next, The bailiff will please return the jurors to the courtroom.


Peter Bergna discovers his fate. Are you looking to maximize your online shopping experience? Try Rakuten. Your favorite stores like Sephora, Nike and Neiman Marcus. Pay Rakuten a commission for sending them shoppers and Rakuten shares the commission with its members. That's you. Cash back is then deposited directly into your PayPal account, or Rakuten can send you a check. The choice is yours. You can even maximize your savings by stacking cash back on top of other deals like store sales and coupons. Look, you're already shopping at your favorite stores. Why not save while you're doing it? It's a no-brainer. Get the Rakuten app now and join the 17 million members who are already saving cashback rates change daily.


See rakuten.com for details. That's R-A-K-U-T-E-N. Your cashback really adds up as you make new memories this summer. Are you also protecting your old ones? Chances are the precious home movies from your past are breaking down and could be lost forever. Great news Legacy Box can help. They make it easy to stop worrying about losing your memories to old media. With Legacy Box, you can easily access those memories and protect them. Just load legacy box with your old tapes, film and pictures and send them in. You'll get them back on a thumb drive or stored in the cloud so they're ready to watch and easy to share. It's so simple, it's like magic. Don't let this summer's heat age your videotapes, film reels and fade your photos. Visit legacy box.com/cbs to shop their $9 tape sale.


That's legacy box.com/cbs to unlock this incredible offer. Counsel on behalf of the state, Mr. Clifton, you may proceed. Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Bergna murdered his wife Premeditatedly and deliberately constituting first degree murder. Thank you for your time and attention. Do you have any gut feeling about this at all? Well, I have a gut feeling number one, we did as well as we could possibly do. My second gut feeling is I Think, think we've proved it. This trial has been recess until the jury returns. As the jury goes out to consider Peter Bergner's fate. The prosecution's confidence leaves the defense seething and insisting to the end that this was a traffic accident, not a murder.


Persuasive, passionate prosecutors can win cases that they shouldn't, that were even at this moment where a jury is deliberating Peter Bergen's fate. I just find it outrageous, deplorable, whatever term you want to use, Even as they wait for a verdict. Lynette's family already feels some satisfaction. You know, a year and a half ago we never thought we'd be here so we're, you know, to be honest, thankful for every day that he's had to pay some price For a man whose future is at stake. Peter Bergna seems remarkably calm. You're at peace either Way. Absolutely, absolutely at peace. I know I'm an innocent man.


I know I've done nothing wrong. No verdict by the end of the first day, no verdict on the second day. By day three, everyone is very nervous. And then a note from the jury. And it's not good news for the defense. Nine of the 12 jurors seem ready to convict Bergna. There is a majority on the jury panel that is voting for conviction at this point. But in order to reach a verdict, all the jurors must agree. They're saying they won't budge. Day four comes and goes. And day five, All On day six, facing an apparent deadlock, the judge steps in.


I think there was an indication of what four jurors who believe that additional deliberations do not be fruitful. Could you raise your hands again please? All right. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. I will ask you to return tomorrow morning. He tells them to make one more effort to reach an agreement All vice the jury. But on the seventh day, judge Brent Adams pulls the plug. The court declares a mistrial in this case And declares a mistrial. This has been the longest and perhaps most difficult trial of my 27 year career as a lawyer and a judge. I've never seen a better jury.


The French philosopher Jean Paul Sarra said not to decide is to decide, and this may be a case of just that nature. Jury is deadlocked nine three to convict mistrial ordered, and Peter was granted bail Burg, the judge will release Bergna if he comes up with $750,000 bail. A fine or jail term could be imposed upon you if your son fails to appear or abide by other conditions. Do you understand that? Yes. Peter's mother literally bails him out. Is that a responsibility you're willing to take in this case? Yes.


That leads to a moment of pure joy. God is so wonderful. God bless you. So When you know deep inside that you are honest and you are truthful and you've done everything possible to bring that part out and you know you're not guilty, you have to hold your head up and keep walking forward. The jury's decision or lack of one saddens Lynette's family From the very beginning of this case, pretty much was led to believe that it was gonna be tough to get a conviction. You know, you don't have a witness.


You peter's the witness and he didn't get up and talk. So you gotta prepare yourself for both, both outcomes. We didn't quite think it was gonna end like this, so, you know, So I, I wasn't surprised, disappointed, but not surprised. I actually prayed that we would make the right decision because I would hate to send someone to, to prison if it wasn't exactly right. But geo Jean Westman would've had no problem sending Bergna to prison. She was one of the nine who voted for conviction. The the car was supposed to have come down the guardrail and then hit something and then immediately turned and then somehow Goes through the, the break in the guardrail like water in a hose.


But if it had, there would've been skid marks of some sort. The videos of him We're, we're not stopping. We're not stopping. And I'm hitting the brakes, I'm hitting the brakes, I'm hitting the brakes. We're not stopping. We're not stopping. How fake can you get? And then the 9 1 1 called Run Run And not a cheer ever, any place. Another thing, his wife's been on the plane for 27 hours. She wants to go see the lights, give me a bath and let me go to bed. You know, not gonna happen.


Not gonna happen. Westman was just as sure about one other thing. I thought, we're gonna go in there, we'll be outta here in 10 minutes With a verdict of, Of guilty. Of course. Yeah. You had no doubt in Your mind. I had no doubt in my mind, But neither did juror Eric s one of the three jurors who voted for a acquittal When we all made our original vote. And I heard all these people saying guilty. I I couldn't believe it. And no amount of deliberation was going to change his mind. I don't think the prosecution had very much evidence and I think had the prosecution had evidence, they would have prosecuted him when it first happened instead of waiting so long.


You're not saying that you feel like there just wasn't enough evidence to go beyond a reasonable doubt. You have no doubt about this whatsoever that Peter Bergna is Innocent. I have, I have my, my, I personally, I have no doubt at all that he is innocent, Free for the moment on bail, but still charged with murder. Peter Bergner's future will depend on one more judgment. It doesn't automatically get retried. The prosecutor has a week to decide whether to try him again. That's next. Hiring is challenging, especially when you're a business owner with a lot on your plate.


Thankfully, there's a place you can go for help. ZipRecruiter ZipRecruiter does the work for you to make hiring fast and easy immediately after you post your job. ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology starts showing you qualified people for it experience faster, easier hiring with ZipRecruiter. Try it free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash zip daily. That's ZipRecruiter dot com slash Z-I-P-D-A-I-L-Y. Since 2013, Bombas has donated over 100 million socks, underwear, and T-shirts to those facing homelessness. If we counted those on air, this ad would last over 1,157 days. But if we counted the time it takes to make a donation possible, it would take just a few clicks because every time you make a purchase, Bombas donates an item to someone who needs it.


Go to bombas.com/ Wondery and use code Wondery for 20% off your first purchase. That's bombas.com/ Wondery code Wondery. Thanks. It took District Attorney Richard Gamma seven days to reach a decision. We will Go back to trial on Peter Bergna for the charge of murder. There is no reason to change venue. If we Could find and prosecutor Dave Clifton again will lead the charge. We still believe we should have and could have gotten a unanimous verdict of guilty. And we are hopeful we will the next time, but, but the tone of the case will be the same. And I'm very disappointed as to this process going on. Whoever thinks that you get an accident and the rest of your life, you're trying to fight to survive and to swim and to keep head above water.


And that's what I'm having to do here. Eight months after his mistrial, he is back in Reno facing murder charges for the second time by Physics, by logic, by common sense, and by everything reasonable. There is only one thing that happened in this case, and that is that Peter Bergna, the defendant murdered his wife. The case from the defense point of view and from the evidentiary point of view, is about bad breaks, blue paint and bad faith. This Guardrail Guardrails that Part in there is Missing gas cans. That Piece of evidence must be accounted For. And paint smears still are the key evidence.


But this time the prosecution zeroes in on Peter Bergna, the man. You got to know the real Peter Matthew Bergna in his courtroom. He is a man who is driven entirely and completely by money and by image. He is what he has In the testimony that we were listening to about who likes who and who doesn't like who and who's mean to whom. How could that have anything to do with a murder trial? Four years since Rinette Reala Bergna died after two long trials, we the jury, this jury finds her husband guilty of first degree murder.


The mandatory sentence is 20 years. The question, will the jury allow for the possibility of parole after that? We're very, very Close. Lynette's brother Jack speaks for the Reala family. He did it. He hurt my family, he's hurt his family, and there was no reason for either family to go through this crap. I'll tell you that right now. Peter's mother Pat pleads for compassion. I would like to ask the jury if they have any mercy in their hearts that they could show some in the penalty phrase.


And though Peter Bergna never took the stand, he stands now to speak to the jury. Not one day will ever go by or has ever gone by. I'll not think about Rinette wife cement to me, to my family, and to the reals Life imprisonment with the possibility of parole. Bergna will spend 20 years in prison before he's even eligible for parole. I think we can go home in peace now and my sister can rest in peace and I'm glad it's open.


Paramount Podcasts. If. you like this podcast, you can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey. Hi, I'm Lindsey Graham, the host of Wondery podcast, American History Tellers, which dives into the events and people who shaped our country. With 70 remarkable seasons of in-depth storytelling history, buffs and novices alike will appreciate the unrivaled storytelling of well-known events like the Civil War and the Great Chicago Fire. But this podcast also offers entire seasons covering less known historical touchstones like the season titled Bleeding Kansas, about radical abolitionists, John Brown's crusade of terror against pro-slavery forces that brought us to the brink of Civil War or our latest season where we shine a light on First Ladies of the United States who've contributed to American history in their own unique way.


Follow American history tellers on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts, you can binge the latest season. American History Tellers First Ladies Early and ad free right now on Wondery Plus. And after listening to American History Tellers go deeper and get more to the story with Wondery other Top history podcasts, including American, Scandal, legacy, and even the Royals. I'm Dan, tab Bursky. In 2011, something strange began to happen at the high school in Leroy, New York. I was like at my locker and she came up to me and She was like, stuttering super bad. I'm like, stop around. She's like, I, I, I, I, I can't. A mystery illness, bizarre symptoms and spreading fast. It's like doubling and tripling and it's all these girls With a diagnosis. The state tried to keep on the down low.


Everybody thought I was holding something back. Well, You were holding something back intentionally. Yeah, yeah. Well, yeah. No, it's hysteria. It's all in your head. It's not physical. You. Oh my gosh, you're exaggerating. Is this the largest mass hysteria since the witches of Salem or is it something else entirely? Something's wrong here. Something's not right. Leroy Was the new dateline and everyone was trying to solve the murder. A new limited series from Wondery and Pineapple Street Studios. Hysterical. Follow hysterical on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of hysterical early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.