
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


48 hours podcast listeners love a true crime mystery. But you know what's not a mystery? The fact that Audible has the best collection of audio books and podcasts, Audible makes it easy to be entertained as part of your daily routine. As, an Audible member You could choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers, 48 hours podcast listeners recommend Empire of Pain, the secret history of this Sackler Dynasty by Patrick Radden. Keefe New members can try Audible free for 30 days, Visit Audible dot com slash 48 hours, or text 48 hours to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash 48 hours. or text 48 hours to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash 48 hours.


Fans of the 48 Hours podcast, know that a good lead is always worth checking out. And if you're a listener who enjoys from the car, you'll wanna know that the National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4 available with all wheel drive. The new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain or wherever your story takes you, or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander with three spacious rows of seating for up to eight passengers. Plus, both Rav fours and Highlanders are available in hybrid models, so no matter your style, you can drive efficiently and save on gas. Visit your local Toyota dealer and check out amazing National Sales Event deals on RAVs Highlanders and more. When you visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota. Let's go places.


This story has always been one that has fascinated people because it's so bizarre that this could even happen 17 and a half years. We have always talked about Mike Williams being missing, not ever finding his body, not ever having resolution was very difficult. He was gonna wake up early and go duck hunting. He was a big duck hunter, and so he went off to the lake and then he never came back.


Mike Williams was a straight shooter. He loved his family, he loved his wife. He put her on a pedestal. Mike did everything That she wanted done. Denise said, jump. Mike want to know how high They were gonna be celebrating their winning anniversary. And so when he did not come home about noon when he was supposed to, Denise started getting worried and started calling around. This search was the most intens I've ever seen. Law enforcement and friends and family combing the lake looking for, they found the boat, his truck, the trailer that was all there. I got up in the helicopter, flew around and looked for his body, and one of the things that I noticed, there were no less than 15 to 20 very large alligators swimming all around this area.


Lake Seminole is known for having a lot of alligators. We're in north Florida. There are a lot of alligators. When we went back out there, you know, there was more evidence that there was, there had been alligator activity around there. That's what you believed happened to Mike. Yes, I, I firmly believe that. I guess you're sort of hoping you find something and sort of hoping you don't. What was hoping if he was here, we would find him and get closure. But no, it didn't happen. People are attacked by alligators. Little dogs are eaten by alligators, but you never hear of someone who's just banished, eaten by an whole, by an alligator.


It is totally impossible for 185 pound man to be consumed by an alligator without a trace. I think that's when we started going, oh my gosh, this is not what we thought it was. Many people felt like there was foul play involved. Cheryl Williams, Mike's mom comes along and I pray every day that Michael comes home. Cheryl begins her crusade, If you will, trying to get answered. She'd make picket signs and stand in front of the church. There were billboards, you know, have you seen my son? She wrote the governor a letter every day for nine years Until God tells me in my heart that that child is dead.


I cannot give up looking, suffering. She wasn't gonna quit until she had a body alive or dead. He didn't just fall out of the boat. This wasn't just a hunting accident. This man was murdered and they blamed it on alligators for 17 years. You've got a really love duck hunting to love Lake Seminole. It's shallow, it's swampy, and it's popular with the local alligators.


Mike Williams really did love duck hunting, and people say that's why he came here. Well before dawn, on December 16th, 2000 alone, his wife said the plan was that Mike would be back home in time to celebrate his wedding anniversary. But 12 hours later, after his wife reported him missing, lake Seminole would be swarming with rescuers, searching for Mike Williams on the land, on the water and in the air. Can you show me the area that you guys searched in? Basically this area from here to there about five acres.


Alton Renu and David Arnett were among the first law enforcement officers to get a call about a missing duck hunter. What we thought had happened is that he possibly fell outta the boat or capsized. Is it unusual for people to fall outta boats while they're hunting for ducks? It's not unusual that it happens quite often out here as far as they might hit a stump and throw 'em out Early the next morning. There was a break. Mike's boat was found on board where some decoys and his shotgun, but no sign of Mike himself. We'd done a grid search, very slow, meticulous grid search back and forth over the search area.


And what began as a search and rescue soon turned into a search for a body. We stayed with that grid until we covered this whole area. Cadaver dogs were brought in while teams scoured the murky bottom of Lake Seminole in a gruesome search for Mike's body that was high intensity and low tech. This is the tool of your trade, right? That was, that was actually one of the poles. And, And all you do is put it in the water and see If. you feel anything. If it's a log, it's kind of a a, a thump, kind of a hard thump. If it would've been a body, you hit it.


It's kind of like a pillow. Did you feel something ever on the bottom that felt like a Body? Never. Never. Williams vanished. One day before his sixth wedding anniversary, he met his wife Denise at North Florida. Christian High School. He was a football player. She was a cheerleader. He was president of the student council. She was the secretary. How'd they seem together? Great couple. Scott Dungy met Mike in high school. He and his wife Vanessa were among Mike's best friends. If. you knew Mike.


He's the kind of person that is gonna do anything and everything for you. So Denise, you know, found a gem. They both graduated from Florida State University. Denise became an accountant for the state. Mike became a real estate appraiser working for Clay Ketchum. This kid was straight as an error. He really, truly was. Clay and his wife Patty got to know Mike well. He Was an unbelievable worker. It was not uncommon for him to do 15 hour days. I mean, he would be in there early, work until one or two in the morning and then be right back. He had incredible energy Before long Mike's career took off.


And that's when he married Denise. He loved his wife. He even would leave the office and go pump her gas. I'm Sorry, go pump her gas. Yes, she would call him and say, Mike, I need gas. And Mike would run over there, pump her gas and run back. We all said we wanted to be married to Mike Just before Mother's Day in 1999, Denise gave birth to the couple's daughter, and by chance a local Tallahassee TV station was at the hospital. We're just totally overwhelmed. She was due Tuesday and she would've made me wait a whole nother year for Mother's Day. She tipped The scale set.


It was unbelievable. I have a whole new respect for my wife and women in general and what they go through to bring a, a new child, new life into the world. 19 months after he became a father, Mike was missing. And the longer the search lasted on Lake Seminole, the harder it was on the searchers, afraid of what they might find. One of Mike's oldest friends, Brian Winchester was out there looking for him from the start. And it was Brian who discovered Mike's empty boat. Brian decided that we didn't want to be there when Mike's body was pulled up.


Brett Ketchum was with Brian during the search. So we would get in a car and drive to a gas station and go get a Coke. And it was very emotional trips. I mean, it was, you know, crying and it was tough. The search was called off. After 44 days, rescuers could find no trace of Mike Williams. He was listed officially as still missing. And some people wondered if he had just run off. We knew Mike had not run off. I mean, he loved his family and he adored his daughter, adored her. So Mike did not run off.


This was not some elaborate ruse. Soon there was another explanation offered for why Mike's body could not be found. That he had been snatched by an alligator Alligators. They don't eat you right then this is morbid to talk about, but they go stuff you somewhere for six months and, and then come back later. One of the rescue teams agreed writing the alligators have dismembered and have stored the remains in a location that we would not be able to find. But there was at least one person who had serious doubts about that theory.


Mike's mother, Cheryl, She pretty early on believed that there was more to this and that he was not in Lake Semi at all. I think she just thought something, something's not right here.


Hiring is challenging, especially when you're a business owner with a lot on your plate. Thankfully, there's a place you can go for help. ZipRecruiter ZipRecruiter does the work for you to make hiring fast and easy immediately after you post your job. ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology starts showing you qualified people for it experience faster, easier hiring with ZipRecruiter. Try it free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash zip daily. That's ZipRecruiter dot com slash Z-I-P-D-A-I-Y.


I'm Catherine Schwartzenegger, host of BDA baby. And let me tell you, as a parent, the worrying never stops. That's why I'm excited to tell you about the world's first three in one Child Shield by Energizer. It's the only coin, lithium battery with three lines of defense for kids. It comes in secure packaging has a bitter taste to help prevent swallowing. And an exclusive color alert technology that turns the mouth blue when it comes into contact with saliva as an instant alert to caregivers. To learn more, visit energizer.com.


Six months after Mike Williams disappeared, investigators had no new leads, no real hope of finding him. And then what could be a break bubbled up from the muck of Lake Seminole. That pole is marking a spot where the waiters had popped up. A local fisherman found a pair of waiters like these, which were believed to have belonged to Williams. Did it make sense to you that they popped up here? I mean, you had, you had searched that area, right? We had searched it many times. Well, very well. Then two days after that, Mike's fishing jacket and his hunting license were found at the same spot along with a flashlight.


But Williams was still missing his wife. Denise was raising their 2-year-old daughter alone. Denise was a dotting mother, the pride and joy of her life. But Scott Dungy says now that Denise was a single mom, money was getting tight. I was helping her with some of the items that needed to be sold and to generate some cash until the insurance money came And there was a lot of insurance money involved. Williams had three policies worth more than $1.75 million. Mike wanted to make sure his family was taken care of because Mike Hunt and fished and did some pretty high risk activity, and Clay really encouraged him to load up With her expenses.


Reportedly mounting, Denise went after the insurance money quickly, While the search itself is still going on. While he is still actively missing, they're still actively searching for her. He, she is going and filing a claim against his life insurance. Jennifer Portman covered this case for the Tallahassee Democrat. She was a consultant for 48 hours. She was really ready to accept the fact that he was missing and presumed dead very early on. But the state of Florida was not according to Florida law. Since there was no proof Williams had died, he would not be declared dead for five years.


Denise did not wanna wait that long to collect on Mike's life insurance. How much time did it take in this case? It Took six months. It was very fast, abnormally fast. That's because Denise's attorney argued to a judge that the waiters, the vest, and the hunting license were proof enough that Williams was dead. The judge agreed and issued a death certificate cause of death, accidental drowning while duck hunting on Lake Seminole body has not yet been recovered Based on that. And that alone was what got him declared dead Pair of waiters and a fishing license and some Other stuff.


Yeah, exactly. The case of the missing hunters seemed closed and was soon forgotten by almost everyone, but not by Mike's mother. Cheryl, did she believe that her son drowned in Lake Seminole? She never ever believed that her son was in the lake, and She was absolutely committed to finding out what happened to him. It's never out of my head, where is this child? Cheryl caught the attention of the local news. He may be dead, but he's not in that lake. And if somebody did hurt my child, I want 'em found and I want 'em Punished.


Cheryl started keeping notes of everything, copious notes of all of the, you know, strange things that were going on. She eventually filled 27 single spaced pages with lots of unanswered questions like what made the waiters float? After six and a half months underwater, her notes ended with a plea to anyone who would listen, please help me find my son. She was trying to basically compile all of these evidence that she could find and trying to get it in front of someone who would listen to her. Well, did Denise help her? Oh no. Denise completely cut her off.


Denise was adamant no investigation. She Threatened to withhold Cheryl's granddaughter from Her. Correct? She said, If, you continue to press for this investigation. You will never see your granddaughter again. So what did she do? She took the energy, she would've spent love it on that child and tried to find her daddy. Cheryl pressed on and started poking holes in the official version of what happened to her son four years after Mike Williams disappeared. There was a theory that the reason his body was never found was that he had been eaten by alligators.


Turns out there's a problem with that theory. Cheryl contacted Matthew Esco, an alligator expert. Florida has a few of them. In his response, he explained that alligators do not feed in the cold winter months. Cold Weather causes a water temperature to drop. So alligators don't feed winter Time. What's more Esco said that when alligators kill, there is always forensic evidence left behind. And he said, attributing Mike's disappearance to an alligator attack may be a convenient explanation for the authorities, but was virtually impossible.


We're in north Florida. There are a lot of alligators, I will give you that, but it is winter alligators do not eat human beings without leaving a trace in the middle of December when it's cold. It just doesn't happen. If not for Cheryl Williams, there's no way that we would know where Mike Williams was or anything that ever happened to him. She was the driving force. Cheryl Williams knew because an expert told her that her son was not eaten by an alligator, but she did not know much else about how he vanished.


One of the things that has been so difficult about this case is that there was an absolute lack of physical evidence. You didn't have a body, you didn't have any of these things that maybe could point you towards something. But Cheryl had something, those 27 pages of detailed notes in 2004, four years after Mike disappeared, Cheryl's campaign finally caught the attention of the Florida Department of Law Enforcement investigators met with her and then launched a multi-agency investigation. When did you first begin thinking this was a crime? The first night we talked to Ms. Cheryl. At the time Derek Wester was with the Jackson County Sheriff's Office.


He was part of the investigation. She had it all broke down. And then as she's relaying this story, all these inconsistencies start adding up. Do you remember what some of those inconsistencies were? The Insurance, It was Mike's three life insurance policies that caught their attention, particularly the last one he bought not long before he disappeared, worth $1 million. How did Mike Williams end up with that million dollar life insurance policy? Who sold it To him? Brian Winchester sold him the million dollar life insurance policy about six months before he went missing. Brian Winchester was an insurance agent.


He'd been Mike's best friend since high school where like Mike, he met his future wife, Kathy Aldrich. And from then on the two couples were inseparable. You know, they did literally everything together. They went out to dinner together, they bought houses at the same time they, he Got married at the same time, had babies at the same time. You know, they were, they were very close. Brian Winchester was in the insurance business. He was. So, it's not that odd that he would sell his friend an insurance policy. No, it's not. I mean, just the timing of it in retrospect looks a little weird. That wasn't the only thing that started to look weird.


Those waiters that popped up in Lake Seminole surfaced just as Denise Williams needed proof that her husband was dead in order to get the insurance money. How many days before the court hearing these waiters popped up? Less than a month. I mean, it was really close. They had supposedly been submerged in the lake for six months. These Waiters was in very good shape. They were also not slimy. And what did that mean? They had not been in the water very long. So you looked at that stuff and you thought to yourself what Planted It was planted? Yeah. no one could say for sure who planted it, but as time passed, Denise Williams and Brian Winchester started attracting attention and some suspicion because years after Mike disappeared, Winchester divorced his wife Kathy.


He began dating Denise, and then he married her. We went to the wedding. Was she a suspect in your mind at that point? I think in mine I was, yes. The minister at some point said, I've counseled with this couple and they have no secrets. I don't know. And Clay and I both went, We kind of nudged each other like, well, there might be this one little secret. You don't know. All these things start becoming like clear that we, now we've got the insurance, it's now we've got the waiters, got the alligator theory being busted by the experts. So as they're building their case, you know, they talk to people, they start getting somewhere.


One of the first people investigators talked to was Denise Williams. There's no emotion, there's no softening up, there's, there's, there's nothing. I mean, she's just matter of fact in cold. But Brian Winchester had much more to say. He offered detectives an alibi for the morning. Mike Williams went missing. He said he was 60 miles away from the lake in bed. Brian tells us that he was going hunting with his father-in-law and overslept, You know, for a fact that Brian was not telling you the truth then Winchester could not have known it, but detectives already had a witness who said he saw Winchester that morning at Lake Seminole.


I know the, the man personally. I mean, I've, I've known it all my life and I composed a lineup and I took it to him. Joel says, well, he wasn't smiling like that, but that's him. And he pointed to Brian Winchester and He had seen that same man. He said when That morning, There was one more thing Winchester didn't know. Police were talking to his ex-wife, and she told them, Denise and Brian might have been having an affair for years before Mike disappeared. There was definitely a suspicion that him and her were having an affair well before that December, while Denise was still married to Mike. Yes, the plot was sure thickening, but investigators still weren't sure what the full story was.


After two years, the FDLE hit a wall, but Cheryl Williams, who had been fighting since the day her son disappeared, was not giving up. And it's horrible not knowing what happened to him. She was very, very, very frustrated with FDLE and felt that they were not doing their job. They weren't trying. So she picketed, you know, she would have signs made and, and walk up and down in front of the church. Every year she would have billboards put up around town, Showed a picture of Mike and missing and If, you have any information? Who's to contact? And she went after the Governor. She wrote the governor a letter every day for nine years.


In fact, the governor received 1,472 letters that we know of. Her suspicion was always with Brian and Denise. More so with Denise. The two people who were considered most likely suspects were together. And unless one of them turned on the other, you were never gonna find out what happened here. Did you think this case would get broken? Not until I found out that they were having marital problems. They turned on each other like rats in a sack.


Finding great candidates to hire can be like trying to find a needle in a haystack. You get too many resumes and not enough qualified candidates, but not with ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter finds amazing candidates for you. Fast ZipRecruiter's technology starts showing you qualified people for your job immediately ditch the other hiring sites and let ZipRecruiter help you find the needle in the haystack. Try it free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash zip daily that ZipRecruiter dot com slash Z-I-P-D-I-Y.


The robots have gotten pretty good at what they do, but they can't pour passion into what they make or give them a human touch. On Etsy, you can find something handmade, handpicked, or designed by independent sellers who pull from their unique experiences and bring their whole hearts to their small shops. Shops that prove that when you do what you love, you can help others find things that bring more joy to their lives. Discover hand-blown glassware, reclaimed furniture, personalized jewelry, handpicked vintage pieces, custom designed artwork and so much more. The fingerprints, Etsy sellers leaf behind reveal who they are. Human beings determined to make human connections. So the next time you're shopping for yourself or someone special, choose extraordinary items, handmade, handpicked, or designed by small businesses. Keep commerce human. Discover small businesses on Etsy


Until God trusts me in my heart that that child is dead. I cannot give up looking for him. As the years dragged on, it looked like the mystery of what happened to Mike Williams might never be solved. If Brian and Denise knew anything about Mike's disappearance. They weren't talking and no one could make them by Florida law as long as they stayed married, neither could be forced to testify against the other. With Brian and Denise being married, you were, how were you ever gonna get the truth? Because one is not gonna turn on the other.


But behind the scenes, Denise and Brian's marriage was disintegrating and after seven years in 2012, they decided to separate. He is, you know, self describes as being a sex addict. He's trying to please her by going to therapy, by getting counseling. Like he's jumping through all these hoops, trying to do all these things to get her back, and she's not kind of accepting them. After four more years of trying to patch things up, Brian snapped. One morning Denise gets in her car, she's driving to work and she senses something in the back and Brian Winchester has hidden in the back of her car and is coming over the seat and has got a gun.


He's got a gun, he's got a gun. He had a gun, he had a tarp. The idea was that he was gonna kill her. He's screaming and I'm just like shaking. And he's telling me to stop crying that people are gonna notice because He, Denise reported her kidnapping to the Leon County Sheriff's Office. I was like, are you planning on, you know, ending both of our lives today? Well, mine, I'm planning on mine. And then he would say, I wanna kill my, he must have said a million times, I wanna kill myself. Brian Winchester was soon arrested and charged with the kidnapping and aggravated assault of his wife. I was just kind of agreeing with whatever he was saying, and I was like, I knew that you loved me.


And Police quickly realized that the rift in Denise and Brian's marriage presented an opportunity, a tag team of detectives arrived to see what they could get out of Denise to see if she would now flip on her estranged husband and talk about his involvement in Mike Williams's disappearance. I know Denise, he did it and you knew exactly what I'm talking about and he was gonna do it again. Tallahassee, detective David McCraney tried. He Wasn't gonna kill himself, Denise. He was gonna kill you so that you couldn't talk about him later. That is the truth.


McCraney turned up the heat 15 years ago. He walked in and told you he had done something, didn't he? No. Denise. No. You have Jack. He, this is not going away. Okay. He's going to kill you. He's gonna kill himself. You just kind know what they're happening. But Denise did not budge His Mike Devaney, I, Florida Department of Armed enforce. So special agent Mike Devaney came in, he'd been working the Williams case for years. Do you think he is responsible for Mike's disappearance? I do not. And I never have. I would've never married him if I thought that.


I mean, in my mind and in my heart, no, She wasn't giving up anything. She was giving up absolutely nothing. Where Do you think Mike's experience? Oh, I, I have no idea. Any speculation on That? On where he's buried? Buried. I mean, I believe You don't really believe he he died at on the lake. I do. Why? I just, I just always have. That's what I believe. That was her story and sticking to it. That left Brian as the only possible source of information in the Williams case. He was facing a long stretch in prison for the kidnapping, but there was no word about what, if anything, he would say about Mike's disappearance We're here in the state of Florida versus Brian Winchester.


2016 Months later, Brian pled guilty to kidnapping and assaulting Denise and appeared in court for his sentencing. We had a a plea and we weren't sure what the government was gonna ask for. He was crying at times. He apologized. Tim Jansen is Brian Winchester's lawyer. We had indicated we want 15. The state gets up and ask for 45. My client Wouldn't like to address the court. Your Honor, Never ever did I have any intentions of harming Denise, nor would I.


Nonetheless, I do know that She was hurt by my actions. And again, I am truly sorry. Start by stating your name please. Denise Williams. Denise showed up at the sentencing. What was she like there? What did she want? She wanted him to go to prison for the rest of his life. I start each day with the memory of him jumping out of the back and I end each day feeling the gun shoved in my ribs when I turn on my right side trying to sleep. She was scared. She was compelling. He will finish what he has started no matter what age he is when he's released.


Most people in the courtroom were pretty stunned by it. It was pretty powerful. I'm asking you to sentence him to life in prison for the crimes he has committed. It comes down to my life or his And I'm asking you, please choose mine. Thank you. Come on up with your client, Mr. Janssen For kidnapping. Denise. Brian was sentenced to 20 years behind bars Now he was shackled at the waist and the ankles and when they shuffled him off to prison, we felt so defeated because we said there'll never be an answer to our friend Mike.


Never an answer. We won't know. Well, you were wrong. We were wrong. They had found Mike's body. Okay.


Most Americans think they spend about $62 per month on subscriptions. But get this, the real number is closer to $300. That is literally thousands of dollars a year, half of which you've probably forgotten about. Thankfully. Rocket. Money can find a bunch of subscriptions you've forgotten all about and then help you cancel the ones you don't want anymore. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so that you can grow your savings. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to Rocket Money dot com slash Wondery. That's Rocket Money dot com slash Wondery. Rocket Money dot com slash Wondery.


Hi, I'm Angie Hicks, co-founder of Angie. When you use Angie for your home projects, you know all your jobs will be done. Well. Roof repair done well. Kitchen sink install done well. Deck upgrades done well. Electrical upgrade done well. Angie's been connecting homeowners with skilled pros for nearly 30 years, so we know the difference between done and done. Well hire high quality certified pros@angie.com.


This was so huge. It still is really pretty stunning. Just one day after Brian Winchester was sentenced for kidnapping, Denise Williams, the Florida Department of Law Enforcement, held a news conference and the news really was huge Standing here. Now I can tell you that we know what happened to Mike Williams. He was murdered. They know that because sometime before he was sentenced for kidnapping, Brian Winchester cracked and confessed in these audio recordings. I went and met Mike at a gas station. I followed him to the lake.


We launched the boat. It was just like a hunting trip was supposed to be. Winchester had cut a deal with prosecutors in exchange for his confession, he would not be charged with murder even though he admitted killing his best friend. I got him to stand up and I pushed him into the water and he was in a panic, obviously. I was in a panic. I didn't know what to do and I ended up shooting him. The agreement that we drafted up said that anything he said that day could not be used against him. Winchester gave prosecutors what they wanted most.


The location of Mike Williams's body. I backed my suburban down to the edge of the lake and put his body in the back and pushed his boat back out into the water. Brian says he left Mike's truck and trailer at Lake Seminole to make Mike's disappearance look like an accident. But actually, Mike's body was nowhere near Lake Seminole. He was 60 miles away at Carl Lake, a remote marshy area. Just 10 minutes from Winchester's home. Brian led investigators here to the spot.


He buried Mike back in 2000 And they commenced what FDLE told me is the most extensive search they have ever undertaken in the history of the agency. The search uncovered Mike's skeletal remains and his wedding ring among other things. And there was horrifying evidence of what happened to him. And what they were able to show very clearly was that he had been shot basically at point blank range in the face with a shotgun. This was up close. Personal deadly. Yeah. And gruesome. Yeah.


And Winchester provided one final piece of the puzzle. He said it was all Denise's idea She would not get divorced. And so she basically said there's only one solution As he tells it, She was not willing to endure the public shame of a divorce. So she thought murder was a better answer. I guess it was better to be known as a widow than a divorcee. Wow. That is incredibly cold. And wouldn't it be great if we also, oh by the way, collected, you know, almost $2 million in insurance. We would end up together. We would live happily ever after owe. And as a side note, we've got all this money to enjoy a wonderful life together.


The happily ever after part didn't work out so well. In May, 2018, five months after the discovery of Mike's body was announced, Denise Williams was arrested and charged with first degree murder conspiracy to commit murder and accessory after the fact. It was a very bizarre moment and she said nothing and she didn't look at anybody. She just looked straight ahead. It's a bittersweet feeling. You are so thankful that she has been outed for the true person She is, but it doesn't, you're still left with the same result.


Even though you saw her lit away in shackles In an ugly dress and hair that needed a dye job. I gotta tell you, that felt pretty good to me. 'cause I know how important her appearances are to her. She didn't do it. She had nothing to do with it. She's completely innocent. Defense attorney Ethan, we is representing Denise. Did she know about it? No, not before. Not during, not after. You Are very confident. I have an innocent client. It's the best kind. On December 11th, 2018, prosecutor John Fuchs gave his opening argument at Denise Williams's murder trial.


Denise likes the sound of being a widow much more than a du divorcee. Obviously can't be caught with a murder, so they had to make it look like an accident. Raise your hand please. Early on the state called Brian Winchester, We had an agreement that she would never say anything about me and I would never say anything about her because we felt like that as long as neither one of us talked that nobody would ever find out what happened. Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Ethan Way was in an enviable position for a defense attorney representing an accused murderer. The prosecution star witness admits he is the killer.


When you shot Mike Williams with a 12 gauge shotgun, was Denise Williams standing there with you? No, she wasn't. She was in my head behind me. Denise Williams had no idea that you shot her husband in the face with a shotgun. Did you Correct Mr. Winchester, you're a murderer. Isn't it true? Yes sir. Mr. Winchester, you're a liar. Isn't it true? Yes, Sir. Of course, Cheryl Williams always suspected her one-time daughter-in-law was involved and Cheryl was now a witness for the prosecution. The initial theory was that he was missing and possibly eaten by alligators. Right. He never believed that, did you? No sir. How long did it take before Denise called you and said, I'm sorry I was wrong all these years?


She never did. Finally, Winchester's ex-wife Kathy, testified Denise kept quiet as part of a conspiracy of silence between Brian and Denise. Were you aware that Brian Winchester kidnapped Denise Williams? Yes. About a week after that to Denise asked you to do something. Denise asked me to get a message to Brian that I'm not talking. After three days of testimony, both sides rested Ethan Way was so confident the state had no hard evidence that he didn't want the jury to consider any charges less than murder.


One. This is a strategy decision as you understand it's a little bit out of the ordinary. Yes. I guess for want of a better word, it's a a little bit of a gamble. Yes. The jury was now facing an all or nothing decision and the attorneys presented their closing arguments. This is not a case about trying to get justice for Mike. This is a murder case. There's no evidence that supports any of the allegations against my client. We are counting on you to return a verdict that speaks the truth and that verdict is not guilty. Think back three days ago. Brian Winchester is on the stand describing how he shot his best friend.


Everybody in this entire room was moved by the sheer horror of that situation. One person, that one person sat here, absolute stone face, didn't bat an eye, didn't shed a tear. That lady right there, Denise Williams, The jury took eight hours to reach a verdict. The defendant is guilty of conspiracy to commit first degree murder. Denise Williams was found guilty. As to count two, we the jury find the defendant is guilty of first degree murder On all counts.


The defendant is guilty of accessory after the fact of first degree murder. Mike's family and friends waited 18 years for this day. Sometimes the wheels of justice turn slowly, but they do still turn. For Cheryl Williams, it has been a long, heartbreaking fight, but now she can finally lay her son to rest. It hit her really hard and and I think she's still coming to terms with it. I mean, the brutality of it, the, the finality of it, how anyone could do this to Mike. It kind of destroys your your faith in in man To do this to him and the way it was done.


And it's just unimaginable. You still miss him? Oh Yeah. He was such a good guy. He loved to work. He loved his family. He put him on a pedestal and he got killed for it. That's the irony of this is the kid did nothing wrong.


If, you like this podcast? You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


We all know attention span have never been shorter and it's harder to reach the right audience. But with Paramount Ads Manager, you can advertise your business on Paramount's top shows, sports, movies, tv, and of course news. Even 48 hours. Your ads will get 32nd Unskipable views on premium brand safe content on Paramount Plus the fastest growing streaming service and over 15 major networks. You can use the ads you already have or make new ones with Paramount help at no additional cost. Sign up today, be on TV tomorrow. Put your business in show business with Paramount Ads Manager. Go to ads manager.paramount.com. That's ad s manager.paramount.com. To learn more


From Wondery, I'm Indra Varma and this is The Spy Who this season we open the file on Oleg Pensky, the Spy who diffused the missile. It's 1960 and the world's on the brink of nuclear war. However, one man in Moscow is about to emerge from the shadows with an offer for the CIA. His name is Oleg Penkovsky. As a Cold War double agent, Penkovsky wants to supply the US with the Soviet Union's greatest nuclear secrets. But is this man putting his life on the line to save the world? Or is he part of an elaborate trap? Follow the Spy who on the Wondery app or wherever you listen to podcasts, or you can binge the full season of the Spy Who diffused the missile crisis early and a free with Wondery Plus.