
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


A successful investigation needs facts, creative thinking, and lots of imagination. And that's why 48 hours listeners love Audible with Audible. There's more to imagine when you listen As. an Audible member You could choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest, best sellers and new releases. I recommend the Berman Murders by Doug Carey, a true crime saga set in the Mojave Desert New. members can try Audible free for 30 days, Visit Audible dot com slash 48 hours, or text 48 hours to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash 48 hours. or text 48 hours to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash 48 hours


In May of 19 92, 9 days after marrying her high school sweetheart, 20-year-old Jennifer Judd was killed in her apartment. She was stabbed with knives that were just given to her as a wedding gift. Police immediately suspect a friend of the couple, but they never close the case. Then a decade later, a different man confesses, but that confession is dismissed on Who killed Jennifer Judd. A podcast from ID investigator Sarah Kalin attempts to solve this 3-year-old cold case. She speaks with Jennifer's friends and family in hopes of understanding Jennifer's life and her tragic death. She also tries to uncover why the police dismiss the confession of convicted murderer. Jeremy Jones. Listen to who killed Jennifer Judd, wherever you get your podcasts.


My name's Adam Dexter. I am a local news reporter, and in the summer of 2021, I was working as a multimedia journalist for WIC News three. News three. Now in Madison, Wisconsin, Madison is not New York City. It's not LA where there's news happening all the time. A missing person, especially a husband and wife. That would be news. The Dean County Sheriff's Office shared this photo of Bart and Krista Heldon instead. Spending today interviewing neighbors are too many unanswered questions. You know, cars go off the road, things happen. You know, there's a storm or there's a crash or X, Y, z, you just don't know.


My boss was calling her or emailing her or texting her. I was doing the same. I was texting Bart and there was just never any response. I met Krista through work at Berg Body Shop, and then I met her husband through her, obviously, and then, you know, they just did anything for anybody, like even people they didn't know. So I'm on the Krista side. We are related through my dad's side of the family, and we mostly saw each other in Wisconsin at our family cottage cabin during summers and family reunions. They both gave 100% to raising their boys. Mitchell was a little more outgoing, very easygoing.


Chandler was a little more sensitive, a little quieter. Her whole goal for her being a mom was, and I'm quoting her, she said, I want my children to be the best men they can be. The biggest concern for me is just figuring out where they are. Police say the couple had planned to go to their cabin in Langley County. Our investigation began on July 7th when Chandler reported his parents missing. We knew exactly what Chandler had told us. We knew that his two parents were gone. They had left for the 4th of July weekend supposedly to go to their cabin in northern Wisconsin.


I've never been assigned to a case where a, a couple is gone. We ask even more questions to try to get a story and get a timeline of when did the halons go missing? And everything was just happening so fast in those first couple of days. When we first got the email saying that Bart and Krista were missing, it didn't compute. Like, what do you mean they're missing? Like they went up to the cabin and then it didn't come back. And I went, huh? Did you think possibly they had been in a car accident? It just hadn't been found? I thought about that, or I did think about the boat. Did something happen out on the lake? And all these stories are swirling around and not making any sense, and it's, you know, taking weird and weird turns.


And we needed to search this area because of how remote it is and what it is, and the access to water to see if we could find any evidence. No way I would've ever, ever guessed what was about to be revealed. Never nobody saw this coming. Erin Moriarty reports the Snapchat clue Bard and Krista Halon had everything A couple could want. A beautiful home in Windsor, Wisconsin, and two sons. They adored 24-year-old Mitchell who worked in tech, and 23-year-old Chandler, a college student living at home.


Chandler had big ambitions. He talked of getting his IT degree of his promising internship at an insurance company and was especially excited about a new job. He landed at SpaceX, founded by one of the richest people in the world, Elon Musk. Everything seemed to be going well for the Halons. So on Friday morning, July 2nd, when Krista just didn't show up at the office, Dan Croninger remembers becoming concerned. How unusual was it for number one, for Krista not to show up for work? Not to call, yeah, and just not show up. How unusual.


Extremely unusual. Dan and Chris had not only worked together, they were close friends. So when she hadn't said anything to me, I was like, well, that's kind of weird. It wasn't something that she would ever do. Dan says he texted and called her several times, but got no response. Late later that afternoon, he and his girlfriend drove over to the Halon home, a neighbor's security camera shows them arriving, You know, knocked on the door, didn't hear anything, appeared through the window. The only thing that seemed weird was there was a coffee table on its side. You looked through the door, it was kind of off to the right over by. They had a fireplace over there. Then Dan says he walked over to the garage window.


I looked in, both cars were there, and I was like, why are both cars here? And I was starting to go around the back of the house, and then Chandler came out the side door and he came out in a towel saying, oh, I just got outta the shower. You know, Hey, what's going on? I was like, oh, we're just looking for Bart and Krista. And he said, oh yeah, they went. Had to go up north this morning for emergency up at the cabin. Dan says he was relieved to know that Bart and Krista were at the family cabin over the holiday weekend. He kept in touch with Chandler to see if he had heard from his mom and dad, But he said, yeah, they don't have very good service up there. So you kind of have to wait till the cloud's clear before they get a message. On Sunday, July 4th, Dan says, Chandler called him and said he was bored and needed something to do.


So Dan invited him over to watch the fireworks and asked Chandler about his parents. He mentioned that he talked to them, and they're gonna be back Monday. All right. When he said that he had talked to them, did he say he talked to both his parents or just his mom? What did he say? Do you remember? I don't Think he was specific. I mean, I was asking about his mom because I knew she had a doctor's appointment coming up that She was really wanted to be at. I think it had been rescheduled before, But Krista didn't show up for work on Monday and again on Tuesday. By Wednesday, July 7th, when there was still no word, Dan knew something was wrong, And now she's missed her appointment.


So now it's all out concern. Right. You know, something's happened to her Now. Right, right. Dan pushed Chandler to file a missing persons report that morning. Chandler Halderson walked into one of our precincts to report his parents missing Detectives. Sabrina Sims and Brian Schunk with the Dane County Sheriff's Office would lead the team to t track down the missing couple. We had a lot of detectives assisting us with the, with The caseload, Their first stop, the Halon home on Oak Spring Circle Drive.


So when you first got there, who was home? It was just Chandler. We're inside the house with him, and detectives are getting information outside. And so we're either getting, you know, phone calls or text messages of, you know, Hey, maybe ask about this. We're walking around the house with him. He's pointing out things at the house, things that were missing that his parents took when they traveled to the cabin. While Deputies began interviewing neighbors and friends. Barbie Townsend, Chris's first cousin who lives in southern California, knew only what she had seen on the news that the halons 23-year-old son Chandler had gone to the police telling them his parents were missing.


What does that mean? What does missing mean? And that they had gone up to our Cabin family cottage and didn't return Bar and Krista had not mentioned to coworkers or their older son Mitchell, that they had been planning to go to the cabin that weekend. But according to Chandler, another couple who he didn't know picked up his parents and drove them there. The cabin was a remote, rustic lakeside retreat and a treasured family. Heirloom Barbie and Chris's grandparents built it in the 1940s. You know, you start to think of crazy things 'cause our cabins up in the woods, and so that's, we were worried that are they being held hostage somewhere?


Are they tied up somewhere? The day after Chandler reported them missing, his brother, Mitchell and his fiance drove three hours up north to see if he could find any sign of his parents. Why would they not call? Why wouldn't there be a text or something? You know, your mind just starts to go down really murky trails because you're trying to figure out what's going on. Hi there. Hi there. Are you guys the Halon? You okay? You are affiliated with them? Yes. The police met Mitchell and his fiance at the cabin. But maybe we could just take a walk around and see. You would know the property probably better than we would Prepared for the worst Sheriff's office.


Anybody inside now it's President.


Hiring is challenging, especially when you're a business owner with a lot on your plate. Thankfully, there's a place you can go for help. ZipRecruiter ZipRecruiter does the work for you to make hiring fast and easy immediately after you post your job. ZipRecruiter's Powerful matching technology starts showing you qualified people for it experience faster, easier hiring with ZipRecruiter. Try it free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash zip daily. That's ZipRecruiter dot com slash Z-I-P-D-A-I-L-Y.


When I begin a new story, there are facts to be checked and experts to confer with at the outset. It sometimes feels overwhelming. Getting started on a new home project could be similar. It's hard to know where to start. That's where Angie comes in. Angie has over 200,000 pros in their network, making it easy to research, compare and hire top rated experts for any project in your home with just a few taps in the Angie app or a few clicks on angie.com. You could connect with local pros who have been rated and reviewed by real homeowners in your neighborhood. Angie is there to help homeowners get all their jobs done well. So get started on the app or go to angie.com. That's a NG i.com.


When the halons disappeared, it stunned everyone who knew them. Barbie Townsend said neither her cousin Krista nor her husband. Bart would just leave on a whim. He was more structured. She was the more nurturing, you know, indulging mom. It was a wonderful combination. She worked as a customer service representative for an autobody shop and loved art projects. He was a managing director for an international accounting firm and enjoyed woodworking. They were 100% about the family. He was very involved in the scouting and all the things they did. The Halons worked together on Father's Day in June, 2021.


Less than a month before Bart disappeared, Mitchell is smiling and Chandler, who had a mild concussion from a fall is wearing a neck brace. Investigators anxious to find out what had happened to Bard and Krista Halon asked deputies from the Langly County Sheriff's Office to help Mitchell who brought along his fiance. Beyonce searched the family's cabin, a three hour drive north of the family home. When they got inside, it was dark. There were no signs of Krista and Bart. They also checked the shed.


The canoe was there. It was obvious no one had been to the cabin in a very long time. They're Believed to be with another couple, Someone else at least. Okay. Yeah. When Mitchell was with the police searching the family's cabin, Chandler was on his own hunt throughout the neighborhood. Here he is seen on video doorbell cameras going door to door asking homeowners if they had seen or heard from his parents. It's kind of difficult to track him down. Adam Dexter now with the CBS station, WCCO in Minneapolis, worked in Madison, Wisconsin at the time.


He immediately started calling his sources, So waiting to hear back from the sheriff's office. And my boss at the time, he was like, well, you can't just sit around, you know, you gotta gotta go start shooting something. And so packed my gear in my car and drove out there to their street in Windsor. He knocked on the Halons front door, the missing couple's son. Chandler answered. And so I'm like, if you'd be willing, I'd love to do a quick interview. And he was like, yeah, I'll do that, but I don't want you to film me. I don't wanna be shown, but you can record my voice. So my last message I got from them, they were going to White Lake for the 4th of July.


Other than that, their plan, or from to my knowledge, they were going to a Langland County to a cabin, their cabin At the time. I got this sense like he was in shock. This is someone who's roughly my age, and so I'm thinking like, yeah, if my parents just went missing, he probably hasn't slept. He's probably really nervous. Alex Grava knew Chandler well. I was roommates with Chandler for a little while. I call him Chaz. The two friends shared an apartment from 2019 to 2020. We grew up together and we played soccer together, did Cub scouts together and just hung out together.


He was a great swimmer. So I know that the swim team really got along with him. Alex says his friend Chandler, who went by the name Chaz, could be a playful guy. He was a, a goon, a hooligan in a lot of senses. What do You mean by that? Yeah, I mean, he would, so he would play pranks and he would make lots of jokes or poke fun at people. Alex described Chaz as popular with women college student. Katherine Mallender, known as Cat, was his longtime girlfriend. He was a relatively attractive guy. I mean, he, he looked good, he had great hair. He kept up on appearances. According To Alex, when they were roommates, Chaz often bragged to friends about hooking up with different women behind Kat's.


Back when she found out about it, She grilled him. She was like, are you seeing other people? And he just kept denying it. But Kat remained suspicious and began tracking her boyfriend on social media. Alex says, Chaz became more secretive and moved back home with his parents, and now those parents were missing. Detective Sha and Sims began follow up interviews, But at that point, you know, what do we really have? We don't know what we have. Then they got a tip they desperately needed from the owner of a farm outside town. We received information from someone that, yes, Chandler had been out to my property over 4th of July weekend.


The owner was a friend of Chandler's girlfriend Kat, the owner said She was with a couple at her farm on July 4th. She told deputies, She was surprised to see Chandler again the very next day. And this time She was alone And I saw him coming from the wood line. His car was parked, backed up to the field. So of course, right from that interview, well, we wanna go search that property. As deputies began searching, detectives wanted to know why. Chandler had never mentioned, he had gone back to the farm by himself. Police picked up Chandler and took him to the station.


What's going On? Detective Brian Chunk asked him to, once again describe the last time he had seen his parents. It's Thursday morning, I wake up. What time did I six? Chandler said his dad Bart was at home working, and that later he had dinner with both parents. That's where they told me while we were eating it, they, they were gonna go with their friends. And I was like, oh, cool. Well, and they said they were going to the cabin? Yeah. Oh, okay. We were going up north While detectives questioned Chandler deputies were out searching the farm and made a discovery.


That quickly changed the tone of the interview. Listen to me, this is the only chance you're gonna have to tell us the truth, okay? Okay. What we, listen, listen, I'm, I can't tell you what we know, but we know you're not telling us the truth. You need to tell the truth. There's listen, listen. You need to tell the truth about what happened and just tell us why it happened. I'm not BSing you. Okay. So can we do that? Okay. They're okay. I'm lawyer. Chandler's request for a lawyer ended that interview. Detective Sims remembers the moment she learned what deputies told her they had found near that field.


You know, Brian and I were in the command post together and, but I said, what did you say? You know, I just couldn't believe what I was hearing. They had discovered human remains. On Thursday, July 8th, 2021 in the village of Windsor, Wisconsin. The community struggled to make sense of the disturbing news.


The remains of an adult male have been found on a farm 20 miles from Barden Krista Halons home. At this point, it's very early in our investigation, Dane County Sheriff Calvin Barrett warned residents not to jump to conclusions. I don't wanna make any un corroborated speculations at this time. The gruesome discovery was made the day after Bard and Krista had been reported missing by their son. And it was something detectives Brian Chunk and Sabrina Sims had never encountered. The grass had been matted down and they followed it to a trail which led to the discovery of a male torso that was concealed with sticks and twigs.


That was really the moment, right? It was huge. I think of other death investigations or homicide cases we've worked in. I don't remember a time that I've worked a dismemberment case And what other evidence was found out there. We found some cutting instruments, some that were hidden in a, an old oil drum, some scissors pruning shears, a broken bow saw, And it was all in the same wooded area where the Halon son Chandler had been seen earlier in the week. Detective Sims had a pretty good idea who the victim was, But knowing in my gut that that was most likely Bart Halon and his son was seen in that area, Police turned their full attention to Chandler Halderson.


He was now a person of interest and the prime suspect. While tests were being done to confirm the victim's identity, detectives arrested Chandler and charged him with lying to them. The arrest was based on him providing false information in regards to a missing person. Krista Holden's, cousin Barbie Townsend. What did you think they arrested him for giving false information about a missing person. That Was the first day that I started to suspect foul play from their own son. I checked my phone and I saw that, and it was that he had been arrested and it was pretty wild.


Alex Cravat, his childhood friend, learned about it on social media. My eyes got wide. I I kind of just sat there for a second reading it. My first thought was, if he's being arrested for giving misinformation to the police, I didn't think that there was really much of a chance that he wasn't involved somehow. But there's someone who had a hard time imagining Chandler was involved. His girlfriend Kat, she spoke to police just before his arrest. You don't think he had anything to do with his mom and dad being unheard from? No, I just, no, that'd be crazy, but I just don't see him killing Mr.


And Mrs. Halon. Like he had SpaceX, like why would he jeopardize something he like would dream of, you know? Yeah, like there's parents for Christmas, they got him and his brother matching tool sets, like, come on. Okay. He cooks dinner for them. They have ruber floats together. They played Mario Kart whenever his parents want to. But on Saturday, July 10th, 2021, the victim found in the woods was identified as Bart Halon.


It just changed everything. Like that moment changed everything. Preliminary autopsy results would reveal Bart had been shot at least two times in the back and there was still the troubling question, where was Krista? Krista Halon remains a missing person and we continue to ask for citizen involvement. Krista's coworker, Dan Croney, or ran through all the different possibilities. Did you at that moment wonder like maybe Kris was involved in this too? It had definitely crossed my mind. Start to wonder, well why is Chandler lying? Is he covering for himself or is he covering for perhaps his mother?


Is she involved? But the more investigators looked, it seemed the only person Chandler Halderson was covering for was himself. You know, he just lied to everybody. And in his lies, police started to believe they found a motive for murder. For months he had been telling everyone, including his childhood friend, Alex Grava, that he was enrolled at Madison College during the 2021 spring semester. Did you have any idea he had flunked out? He didn't tell you? No, It was surprising. Detectives believe his parents had no idea he wasn't in school.


They say when his parents questioned him about his transcripts, the computer savvy Chandler Halderson crafted a chain of emails that seemed to come from the college. Chandler creates people that work for Madison College and communicates via email with them. You know, Bart's on some of those as well, talking to who he believes is employees of the school. And do any of those people actually exist? No. In June, 2021, Bart Halon called Madison College pretending to be Chandler and got an answer he wasn't expecting. Sir, I don't see that you were admitted in any program. You said they were.


You know it, the IT degree is in there, right? No, those, those are just classes you might have just took the classes but not be in the program. Bart learned that not only had his son been lying about that IT degree, but there was no internship with an insurance company either. And remember that big job was SpaceX. Turns out that was just another elaborate lie. The delusional reality that he concocted that is shocking to me. According to detectives, Bart was planning to meet at the college with his son on Thursday, July 1st, around 2:00 PM Bart was working from home, sent his son this text.


I'm ready whenever you are. That text is believed to be the last message Bart sent. Seven days later, Bart's remains were found. Investigators got a search warrant for the Halon home. No weapon was found there, but a shell casing was discovered in the basement and several areas inside the house tested positive for blood. Chandler Middle initial M, last name Halon, age 23 of Windsor is now being charged with first degree homicide hiding a corpse and mutilating a corpse.


On July 15th, 2021, Chandler Halderson was formally charged with his father's murder. Chandler is currently being held in the Dane County Jail. I mean, I, I don't know what else to say, like how, how could you do that to your father? But where was his mother? Krista Chandler Halderson had lawyered up and wasn't talking, but someone very close to him was, She had communicated with him that whole weekend, That loyal girlfriend, Catherine Mallender had a potentially damning piece of evidence about her boyfriend on the social media app Snapchat.


She actually consented to a download of her phone, So that was a breakthrough. How do you feel about allowing people to track you on social media apps? Join the conversation now on social media.


Finding great candidates to hire can be like trying to find a needle in a haystack. You get too many resumes and not enough qualified candidates, but not with ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter finds amazing candidates for you. Fast ZipRecruiter's technology starts showing you qualified people for your job immediately ditch the other hiring sites and let ZipRecruiter help you find the needle in the haystack. Try it free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash zip daily. That's ZipRecruiter dot com slash Z-I-P-D-A-I-L-Y.


Fans of the 48 Hours podcast. Know that a good lead is always worth checking out. And if you're a listener who enjoys from the car, you'll wanna know that the National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4 available with all-wheel drive. The new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain or wherever your story takes you. Or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander with three spacious rows of seating for up to eight passengers. Plus both Rav fours and Highlanders are available in hybrid models. So no matter your style, you can drive efficiently and save on gas. Visit your local Toyota dealer and check out amazing National Sales Event deals on RABs Highlanders and more. When you visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota. Let's go places.


Chandler Halderson was charged with his father's murder, but his mother's whereabouts were still unknown. Lead Detective Sabrina Sims and Brian Chunk knew if Krista was alive, they needed to find her fast. At that point, we were hoping for the best. It was one of those things where we just needed to to push on. Detectives turned to Halons girlfriend for help. She had given them permission to download information from her phone. Chandler had lied to her before and had cheated on her before, and so she, you know, would track his location. Kat had convinced Halon to let her track his movements using Snapchat, the popular social media app, which allows users to send messages and share their location in real time.


And that was an agreement that yes, you have your locations on so I can see where you're going. Detectives were most intrigued by messages posted early on the morning of July. First, the day Chandler Halderson and his father were supposed to meet with Madison College officials, Halon, whose online name was Chael Dazzle. Message Kat at 7:30 AM I hardly slept. I'm sorry. B, why? I don't know. Stuff hasn't really been going well for me lately, so I'm trying to plan for the next thing to expletive me over. B, it's gonna be okay. Yeah, I just had a great future planned and it's falling apart according to detectives.


The tone of those messages worried Kat. So two days later when Kat checked Snapchat and noticed her boyfriend's avatar, that's hubby on her screen, indicated that he was nearly 25 miles from home. Kat saved the image to her phone. It was a Snapchat screenshot of Chandler, almost nine in the morning out by the Wisconsin River. Detective Sims and Chunk took us to that location on the river where they had hoped to find Krista. So where are we? Exactly? What would you call this area? It's the Wisconsin State Lower Riverway, And it's a familiar place to the former high school swimmer.


Chandler Halderson close to his favorite swimming hole. This is him at the same place in a photo taken a year earlier holding a large knife. Law enforcement throughout Dane County searched the wooded area. And how long was he here? 45 minutes, I believe. Yep. Just keep in mind in July, but it's definitely far thicker than what you're seeing here now. Still no sign of Krista Halder said, but search teams refused to give up. Let's go hit one more area. And that was where they ended up discovering the remains.


And what exactly did they find there? They Ended up finding two legs cut into different sections. DNA test confirmed. It was Krista Halon, the concerned son who had reported his mom and dad missing, was now charged with both of their murders. Krista's cousins were horrified. You couldn't write this. It just, wasn't it? Anything that you could possibly come up with in your head? How do you make sense of it? We don't, and that's the hard part. We don't have a why.


In January of 2022 at the Dane County Courthouse, Chandler Halderson went on trial for the murder of his parents. Alright? For the jury, He was also facing charges for lying to the police and for mutilating and hiding their bodies. Our job is to, over the course of the next couple of weeks, present evidence to show you the path of what we believe happened. Assistant District Attorney William Brown, That Chandler Halderson killed his parents, dismembered their bodies and hid them around Southern Wisconsin. Prosecutors laid out a motive.


They say Chandler murdered his parents when his lies were about to be exposed and that for months he had been trying to hide the truth from them. Among the evidence, those fake email accounts he created, No one uses a Gmail account as their official Madison College email no. And is fictitious internship with an insurance company. I found no record of that person working for American Family Investigators believe the murder weapon was a semi-automatic rifle that had been hidden in a barn at that farm where Bart's remains were discovered. Good afternoon, sir.


Could you please state your name and then spell it out? Andrew Smith. And how do you spell it? Alpha November Delta Romeo Echo Whiskey. The rifle came from this man, Andrew Smith, who testified that he was in the military when he met Halon Online. How did you meet Chandler Halderson playing video games? While I was stationed in Germany, sir Halon had wanted a gun. Smith testified he had no idea what Halon wanted to do with the weapon, and in June, 2021, he gave him that semi-automatic rifle as a gift. I'm gonna give it to someone who might actually appreciate this weapon and take care of it And nearly 480 rounds of ammunition.


How Did Chandler react when you gave him the gun? Oh, he was happy. What do you mean by How do you know he was happy? How do you, how do you know that? Because he had a big smile on his face when I had given it to him as a gift. But the most anticipated witness in this trial, Good morning, Would be Halder son's girlfriend. Did you verbally answer yes to the oath? Yes. Who gave police that Snapchat screenshot? What Is that screenshot of Chandler by the Wisconsin River? What do you make of the prosecution's case against Chandler Halderson? See more evidence@fortyeighthours.com.


There's nothing worse than getting home from your trip only to find out you missed a can't miss travel experience. That's why you need via tour book, guided tours, activities, excursions, and more in one place to make your trip truly unre regrettable via tour makes it easy to explore over 300,000 travel experiences. Everything from simple tours to extreme adventures and all the niche interesting stuff in between. So you can plan something that everyone you're traveling with will enjoy real traveler reviews. Give the inside scoop from people who have already been on the experience you're considering so you can plan with Confidence Free cancellation helps you plan for the unexpected. And 24 7 customer service means you always have support around the clock. Download the Via tour app now to use code via Tour 10 for 10% off your first booking in the app. Regret less, do more with Via Tour


If, you are a new parent. A bad day means you either ran out of coffee, diapers, patience, or all of the above. Stocking up on Cold Brew and deep breaths are all you, but at least Hello Bellow's got your baby's butt covered. Hello, bellow believes all families deserve premium, affordable baby products with their ultra convenient diaper bundle subscription service that includes seven packs of diapers and four packs of plant-based wipes you'll never run out of supplies Better yet they're delivered to your door. Set change and cancel your delivery schedule whenever you want. Named Best Diaper subscription by New York Magazine and winner of the 2022 Good Housekeeping Parenting Award. Hello Bellow will keep you well stocked on Ds and wipes. Go to hello bello.com/ Wondery to get 30% off your first customized bundle and a full-size freebie product of your choice. That's hello bello.com/ Wondery. To start bundling with 30% off your first order. Don't forget that's hello bello.com/ Wondery.


Could you please state and spell your name for us? Catherine Meer. C for three hours. Ka me sat on the stand telling the jury about the young man she thought she knew. Chandler Halderson. Did you go on a lot of dates together? Yeah, we would grab dinners, have movie dates, just sit at home and watch movies go on walks quite often. Kat told the jury that She was working on July 1st when authorities believed the murders happened and didn't see her boyfriend in person that day. But you weren't with him. I was not with him. Did you know that Bart and Crystal Halon had died?


No. According to investigators, Alderson asked Kat to bring a few cleaning supplies to his home the following day. He told her he had stepped on some broken glass from the fireplace. She brought him a Swiffer mop and a bottle of hydrogen peroxide. Kat, did you have absolutely anything to do with cleaning anything up or their disappearance? Investigators say there's no evidence that Kad had any involvement in the murders. They believe Chandler Halderson acted alone. Prosecutors showed the jury police video from inside the Halon home.


These walkthrough videos will document the home as is. At first glance, it seemed need and clean, but test results revealed what appeared to be blood. Is that all blood that it's reacting to? This could be blood that it's reacting to? Yes. And that appears that there's been some wiping or cleanup For Barbie Townsend. The most disturbing part was when the jury was shown a view of the halon home from a neighbor's security camera. I was talking to one of my cousins. We said one of the images that is gonna be seared in our minds is when they showed that video of the window Flickering window from July 2nd And it was the flickering glow from the fireplace for like hours.


That is haunting. Knowing what was happening, A forensic expert testified that more than 200 bone fragments were discovered in the fireplace. There's a white area in the middle of that burn. Based on my training experience that appeared to be bone Halons Defense attorney Catherine Dole did not address the bone and blood evidence found in the home, but insisted that did not mean her client was the killer. Chandler Halderson did not murder his parents. He is not guilty of those crimes.


She reminded the jury there were too many unanswered questions. What happened to the Halons? What happened in that Halons home? You just aren't gonna know what happened. Chandler Halderson himself didn't testify and his defense didn't call any witnesses. You have to go back and look at everything Instead, attorney Crystal Vera close the case, discuss and urge jury to find reasonable doubt. She admits Halon told a lot of lies, but she argues there isn't enough direct evidence to tie him to the murders.


I guarantee you that the 12 of you that are going to go back and deliberate are all gonna have 12 different theories on what happened. And that's a problem. I'm asking you to find him not guilty of first degree intentional homicide. Prosecutors had the final word. This is a first degree intentional homicide. You cannot shoot someone in the back. You cannot chop them up. You cannot scatter their remains and come to any other conclusion. And there is only one person who did those things here, and that is Chandler Halderson. And we're asking you to find him guilty.


Thank you. It didn't take long for the jury to decide Breaking news. In just about a little over two hours, a jury has reached a verdict in the Chandler Halderson case All court. We the jury, find the defendant Chandler Halon guilty of first degree intentional homicide as to Barde Halon guilty of providing false information about guilty of mutilating, a corpse guilty of first degree intentional homicide, guilty of mutilating, a courte guilty of hiding a corpse Guilty on all eight charges.


I think it was just overwhelming from all the work that we put in on it In March, 2022 at his sentencing hearing. Good afternoon, Halon who had been silent during his trial surprised everyone by indicating he finally had something to say. Mr. Halderman wishes to make a statement. Your Honor, I want to take this opportunity to state my intent to appeal my convictions. If there are any lawyers listening and willing to take on my appeal, take a moment to please reach out to me. It's not that I do not have feelings, it's that I was warned to not show them due to the scrutiny of this case.


Thank you. What was your reaction when he had the chance to speak and all he did was ask for a lawyer to take an appeal? What was Your reaction? I was actually disgusted. I just couldn't believe it. Like you can't even say, I'm sorry. We are adjourned. Thank You. Halon was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. When do you miss 'em? Oh, I think about 'em just about every day. Really? Yeah. We're building a pond in our backyard. You know they would love to see that and love to be a part of it.


Mitchell Halon Bart and Krista's oldest son is now living with an unimaginable loss. Barbie shared a text and this photo that Krista sent to the family just three months before she died. Happy Easter. Yes, the boys and their women. Mitchell is still at Epic Systems and will turn 25 this year. Yikes. Chandler is currently interning with American Family Insurance as an IT administrator, but his other degree sustainability management has given him an edge. You see in her text how proud She was of her boys and how 100% completely believing Chandler, She can't help but wonder what would've happened if Halon had just been honest with everyone.


If he had just gone and thrown himself at the mercy of his parents, what do you think Chris and Bart would've done? They would've helped him. They definitely would have confronted him on it, but after the confrontation and the truth telling would've come the grace. How do we go forward? How do we help you? How do we get your life back on track? They would've helped him In April, 2023. Halons convictions for his parents remains were vacated. His other convictions and his sentence If.


you like this podcast? You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


When you're committed to raising the standard, you're bound to ruffle some feathers at Happy Egg. We like to say we farm differently, but in reality we produce eggs the way people used to by partnering with local small family farmers who raise our happy hens on eight or more acres. Because in our opinion, farming shouldn't be complicated. It should be happy. Choose happy with Happy Egg. Visit happy egg.com and look for the yellow carton at a store near you. Happy Egg


Experience in person. The unsettling true stories behind the Doctor Death Podcast at Exhibit C Live presents Dr. Death a closer look. This live tour experience brings you face to face with accounts of doctors who caused irreparable harm, the system that failed to protect their patients and the heroes who stopped them. You'll hear from me Laura Beal, reporter and host of the Dr. Death Podcast, along with our panel of experts and whistleblowers. It's hosted by suspects Matthew Cher. It's an important evening with one of the most iconic true crime podcasts of all time. Don't miss your chance to be part of the conversation. Exhibit C Live presents Dr.


Death a closer Look. Tickets go on sale August 9th. So get your truest True Crime fans together and get tickets before they sell out Paramount podcasts.