
Thanks for listening to Train to Kill From 48 Hours. Listen on Amazon music or just ask Alexa, play the podcast. Train to Kill the dog trainer, the Hess and the Bodyguard on Amazon Music. 9 1 1. What is your emergency? Can I help you? Pardon me? I'm at my house and I've been raped. Okay, what's your address? Mom is dead. Pardon? My mom. She's dead.


This was not a normal crime scene. This was not a normal case. Oh God, this is supposed to happen to me. My name's William Pierce. I'm a lieutenant in charge of criminal investigations at the Georgetown County Sheriff's Office. How old are you? 50. The mother. She was savagely beaten. She was bound. I tried to put up the fight. I tried. I really did. The daughter was raped and throat was cut twice. She was left for dead. There was blood spatter. There's blood everywhere. Did he hit you or something? Oh God, yes.


It was the most brutal crime scene that I've been to in my 15 years. Did Did you see who did it? Yeah, because my mom's boyfriend, what's his name? Even Stanko. I know that I'm not a person to hurt Anybody. I never would've hurt anybody on purpose. Never. Steven Stanko is highly intelligent. He has an IQ recently tested at 143. He Looks like the guy next door. You know, he could be your next door neighbor. He could be your college professor. He could be anything he wanted to be. He's smart, he's manipulative, he's beguile and he's dangerous.


Steven Stanko s brain function was highly unusual. He had areas of the brain that were not as active compared to other parts of the brain. Based On his brain structure. He operates right on the edge of insanity all of the time. We can see particularly right here, he's less functional as compared to a normal brain. It's science. That's the one thing that I have on my side, Just because your ability to control your impulses is less than mine. That's no defense. He's a smooth talker. He's a smart man. I mean, basically Steven Stanko is a con artist. You are mentally ill.


Yes, sir. Are you in sync? Oh, godly. Hurry, help me. Help me. Help me. Murder on his mind. 48 hours. Mystery. I now call the case of the state of South Carolina versus Steven C Stanko.


Count one, murder, count two, assault and battery with intent. Count three, criminal sexual conduct for first kidnapping. Count five, kidnapping. Count six, armed robbery. It is the summer of 2006 and what is known as low country South Carolina, just north of Charleston. Stories. This Tuesday, August 8th in Georgetown County. The trial of Steven Stanko started yesterday morning with a For a change. It's not the heat everyone is talking about. There Are 120 witnesses in this case that's expected to continue for the next two weeks. It's the havoc one man wreaked on this small coastal community. I believe even crazed, rabid animals have to be put down. I don't see there where there's any difference.


In this case, A person who is convicted of or pleads guilty to murder must be punished by death or by imprisonment for life. This is the county's first death penalty case in nearly a decade on trial is Steven Stanko who stands accused of committing some of the most heinous and brutal crimes in Georgetown in recent memory. I never in the world meant to hurt anybody. I mean, it is like there's two of me. I never would've hurt anybody on purpose. Never. I can say this. Steven Stanko is a remarkable liar. Question Mr. Solicitor. You may proceed. Thank you, your Honor. May it please the court Welcome county prosecutor Greg Hembry. He is a cold-blooded killer.


He has no remorse. He doesn't care about anybody but Steven Stanko. It's hard to believe that Hembry is talking about the same highly intelligent, seemingly polite. 38-year-old you excelled in school. Yes, sir. In The yearbook, you were described as the All American boy. Yes sir. You were The golden boy. Something like that. Yes sir. There wasn't too much I couldn't do. Friends say it was that quiet confidence and intelligence that first attracted 43-year-old Laura Ling to Steven Stanko when they met in the fall of 2004. I, I hadn't seen her that happy in years and it felt good to see her.


Happy. Victoria Loy is Laura Ling's sister, And he seemed just so pleasant and solicitous and just attentive to her and just so normal They knew each other. Just two months before Stanko moved in with Laura and her teenage daughter, and from all accounts everyone got along. My life with Laura was unconditional. I loved her. She loved me. We never judged each other. But then came the early morning hours of April 8th, 2005. There's blood everywhere. I think he cut. He cut my neck. When Steven Stanko simply snapped.


Did you ever think he would do something like that? No. Oh no. This is just not something that decent people do. As the lead investigator on the scene, Lieutenant Bill Pierce arrived at the Ling home and learned the grizzly details. Sometime after midnight, there was an altercation between Laura Ling, her live-in boyfriend Steven Stanko. She slapped at me. I had a cigarette and the cigarette lodged in between my glasses and burned me, and that was the last thing I remember. Steven Stanko at some point bound Laura Ling's hands behind her back and beat her. And I'm assuming after Stanko incapacitated, Laura Ling, he turned his focus on the daughter.


She was asleep in her bed. Laura's daughter was the prosecution's key witness. We have agreed not to name her or show what she looks like today. I was so confused. I didn't know what he was doing. If this was like a drill or what, what, what is he doing in my room? Although the teenager kept her composure, no one was quite prepared for her testimony, especially her father, Chris Sling. She's an incredible young lady. I mean, she's my hero. He told me, scream and I'll kill you both. I wanted to get my mom tell her that we need to get out of here. When I first looked into my mom's room, I saw her lying on the floor and I heard her moaning and kicking.


She was incoherent. It was like she was trying to say something or do something, but she couldn't. And the next thing I know, I think I was hit over the head with something and I blacked out. When she regained consciousness, Stanko was on top of her And I fought him. I kicked. I kicked. He was so strong. He was so strong. He then proceeded to rape me and this entire time my mom was still alive. I mean, I could tell because she was moaning and there was nothing I could do.


At some point he turns her over on her stomach, puts his left knee on her back, reaches over and chokes Laura link to death. The next thing I remember is he was behind me and he held my head up while he slipped my throat twice ice. After the attacks, Stanko took a shower where he claims he regained his memory. I was in the shower and blood on my head. And when you looked in the bedroom, what did you see? When I came to, I put a, I put a towel on and I walked in our bedroom and felt prop a pulse on both of them, and there was no post.


What did you do? I ended up packing and leaving. I really wanted her to kill myself. That's Stanko story now. But at the time, he stole Laura's car, went to the ATM machine and emptied her bank account. He then drove to nearby Conway, South Carolina where his friend and business associate, 74-year-old Henry Turner lived. He wakes Henry Turner up and tells him that his father's died. You know, he just wants to come in and just wants to talk. Turner consoles, Stanko and gave him something to eat and, and what happened after they ate breakfast? It's our belief that Stanko came up behind him and fired one shot into the back of Henry Turner.


Turner then spun around and Stanko fired another shot into the chest of Henry Turner. By this time, a nationwide manhunt was underway. We wanted Steven Stanko captured in the worst Way. They were talking about canceling school. People were scared. We were asking people to just kind of hide in their threat level and be aware that this individual is out there. He's on the loose. Keep your doors locked. Stanko was now armed with a gun and more money, both of which he stole from Henry Turner to further elude authorities. He ditched Laura's car and took Henry's truck.


Most fugitives at this point would hide out go underground, but Steven Stanko was not your average fugitive. He heads to Columbia, South Carolina, where he has happy hour, happy hour, happy hour. He's stating that he was the vice president of some company. He had loads money. Ryan Coleman is a bartender at the Blue Marlin Restaurant in Columbia. We knew that, you know, there was something not right about this guy's story. For 20 years now, I've been, I've been running these, this, this race to try and be something I'm not and lying to people and everything else. The next day he ends up in Augusta, Georgia, and it happened to be the weekend of the Masters.


That Saturday night, Stanko once again hit the bars. This time he was mixing and celebrating with the crowds that had gathered for the golf tournament And meets a girl. My name is Danna, Lori Putnam. I had noticed him and we had made eye contact. He asked me to dance Charmed Dana Putnam would testify that she spent the entire evening with Stanko even bringing him home. Then he went to sleep on my couch. That Sunday morning, the two of them went to church together, seen here on the Church's weekly broadcast. And over the next couple of days, an unsuspecting Dana Putnam found herself being courted by a cold-blooded killer.


He would mumble, I could fall for you. I could fall in love with you. Putnam was at work when she got a call from a friend. She said that, I think the person that you've been seeing is in the newspaper and you need to turn to page five B. And What'd you see A picture of? Steven Putnam immediately went to the Sheriff's department where authorities tacked her cell phone and monitored Stanko calls. Hey, gorgeous. I need to know something. How in the world do I get you off my mind? Just five days after killing Henry Turner, Laura Ling and raping her teenage daughter. Unbelievably, Steven Stanko had romance on his mind.


I miss you. It's almost a physical missing year to where my stomach is in knot. Within hours of this phone call, it was finally over for Steven Stanko. As US Marshals, SWAT teams and local authorities surrounded him in a parking lot in Augusta, Georgia. Suddenly being Lovesick was the least of his problems. Thanks for listening To Train to Kill From 48 Hours. Listen on Amazon music or just ask Alexa, play the podcast, train to Kill the dog trainer, the Hess and the Bodyguard on Amazon Music.


Why would this happen? How could another person do this to someone that they loved, someone that they needed, someone they depended on? These are the questions on everyone's mind. As Steven Stanko is on trial for his life, How does someone in their right mind do those things? But the man asking them is Stan's own defense attorney. My heavens, look at the facts of this case.


Laura Ling was one of maybe two people in the world who were willing to help him. At this point, it makes absolutely no sense that he would just kill her for no reason. What's the motivation here? William Diggs has to try and defend his client against damning evidence. I think About Lord every day. I wish I could remember the things that happened. I don't. He writes, I have never felt as strong and as close to you as I do now. You have weathered with me through the hard times because of you. I have started on a new trail. I love you Steven. As it turns out, Laura Ling was not the first woman to suffer at the hands of Steven Stanko.


He can be very pleasant when he wants to be. He can be very charming when he wants to be. Elizabeth McClendon first met Stanko 14 years ago And he can be very manipulative when it suits him. Soon after moving in together, McClendon realized Stanko was not the man she thought he was. My entire world changed after I met Steven Stanko. The state calls Elizabeth Stan. Now prosecutors want the jury to hear her story. I was becoming very upset with Steven because I felt like I wasn't getting the whole truth. That some things were beginning to take place that I did not like.


The problem was I was screwing up a little bit. That's when I was running confidence schemes. And What were some of the things that he was doing behind your Back? Pawning things from around the house. He would just cheat people. He would take people's money on false pretenses. Did he steal checks from you? Yes, he did. Did he sell some of your personal effects? Yes, He did. Paintings, jewelry. By February, 1996, Elizabeth McClendon finally had enough of the lies and cons and told Stanko it was time for him to move out. And the next morning is when everything came crashing down.


He stood at the foot of my bed and he had a horrible look on his face. And he said, I'm getting ready to leave. And I said, what is that that I smell? Are you cleaning the house? And at that moment he jumped over me with the cloth that was drenched in Clorox and 4 0 9 mixture. And he proceeded to try to suffocate me and he flipped me on my stomach and he put the pillow over my head and was holding me down. And he did say, I don't know why this isn't working. It worked in the movie.


And I thought, well, he's gonna kill me. I am going to die. McClendon did everything she could to fight him off. He was trying to tie me up And I was fighting For him to stay away from me. And I was praying for him to leave me alone. And if he just Left, I would never say Anything. Found and gagged Stanko dragged her into the bathroom. He made me sit on the toilet while he was in the shower, just humming. He was just humming, Humming like nothing. The Beginning of a, of another day, of A normal day, everything was normal While you're sitting there tied up, Stanko says he has little memory of the events from that morning, just like the blackout he claims to have experienced during the ling attacks.


You don't remember doing that? No sir. You, you restrained her though? I did. You didn't try to kill her that day? No, Sir. He took my life away. I was trusting person until I met Steven. Not the same person. Steven Stanko was arrested three days after the attack on Elizabeth McClendon. He pled guilty to charges of kidnapping and aggravated assault and was sentenced to a tenure prison term, but was released after just eight and a half years. Two months later he met Laura Ling, a librarian and a divorce mother of three. You were pretty forthright though whenever you met someone new, right?


You would tell people that you had served time in prison? Yes sir. You were a little fuzzy with the details. Laura Ling was never given the full story from Stanko about the McClendon attack when she asked him to move in with her and her teenage daughter. Tell me about that conversation when your mother came to you and and told you that Steven had served time in this. I made fun of her. You made fun of her. Was like, I kind of said, well G Mom, thanks for bringing home an ex-convict. But she really liked helping people and Steven seemed like this great guy that didn't have a great past and wanted to start over and start a new beginning. And I think she looked at that as an opportunity, you know, she wanted to help him do that.


From all accounts, Laura was happy, seemingly unaware that Stanko was back to running. Cons. You've been described as a habitual liar. Yes, sir. He would tell me. Checks in the mail, FedEx coming, be here soon. Nothing ever happened. You've told people that you held a degree in engineering? Yes, sir. He informed me that he was a corporate attorney. You told people you were a paralegal? Yes. Said he had a Jaguar. But every time I see him, he was, he was driving Lars car. You owned several successful restaurants. Lies lies on top of lies. Were you practicing law without a license?


Yeah, I was doing things that I should not have been doing without a license. I finally figured out he was a pathological liar. Greg Hembry speculates. Laura Ling may have learned what was going on and confronted Stanko and that's what led to his rampage. It may have been that he was just closing up shop and he's not going back to prison and he's not gonna leave any witnesses around. So here's what I've gotta do. I've gotta get money in the car. I've gotta take, I gotta take care of these people that are gonna be, you know, coming after me. The physical evidence against Steven Stanko is overwhelming, but the defense believes it has uncovered new evidence, medical evidence that just might sway a jury.


We're seeing that the brain's not working right and we're seeing physically what is the matter with the brain? It's the first time in South Carolina history where a defense team says they can show a jury an actual picture of what insanity looks like. We don't kill people Who have birth defects. I enjoyed school, I enjoyed sports.


I really didn't have too many problems. Steven Stanko once a gifted teenager, brimming with promise I was a top athlete, top student, loved by everyone Is now 20 years later a man facing the death penalty. What happens to you? That's a good question. Growing up in Goose Creek, South Carolina, Steven Stanko, along with his four siblings, was raised under his parents close supervision. Your father was a strict disciplinarian. My father was a master chief in the Navy. He was very straight.


He had high expectations for you? Yes, he did. Stanko had high expectations as well. His dream was to attend the United States Air Force Academy. I had wanted to be a aeronautical engineer or, and wanted to design jets, But during his senior year in high school, everything changed And that's when a lot of things happened. That's when I went from honor student 11th in the class and athlete and everything else. I, I turned down some scholarships because I thought I had the Air Force Academy in the back and then I didn't get that. It was a setback that Stanko says he never recovered from.


My dreams had kind of went by the wayside at that point. I was just trying to figure out what I was gonna do After finishing high school. Stanko spent a short time in community college, but he lost interest and turned to a life of petty crime. Small hustles, small lies and small cons. You know, that'd be considered a genius, but do such stupid things. There were times when I would look at it and say, you know, what the heck were you doing? But small time cons pale in comparison to the violent crimes. Stanko is on trial for now. Look at the facts of this case. Would a normal person do that?


A healthy person, Steve looks normal. He looks healthy, but he's not healthy. Although Stanko has been treated in the past for personality disorders, attorney William Diggs believes his client is suffering from a far more serious condition. I wanted to really look into his brain and try to find out some explanation for what had happened To do that. Diggs hired a team of medical experts from around the country using cutting edge PET scan imaging technology. They put Stanko under the microscope analyzing the structure of his brain and more importantly how it functions.


What they found surprised them all. Steven didn't have the function in the brain that a a healthy brain would have. Mr. Stanko s brain showed decreased function in the medial orbital frontal lobes of his brain. Dr. Thomas Saachi Neuropsychiatrist and founder of Georgia Pain and Behavioral Medicine evaluated Stanko test results for the defense. Areas of red on these images are indicative of high levels of brain function, but we can see particularly right here that Mr. Stanko in this area of the brain, he's very cold or cool or less functional as compared to a normal brain.


So Why is that significant? Well, it's very significant because it is this area of the brain that essentially makes us human. People with damage to that area of the brain become antisocial. They're more likely to be impulsive, they're more likely to be aggressive and violent. What Was your reaction when you saw the PET scan images of your brain? It was like it was good news and bad news. And the bad news is you got a brain defect. The good news is you got a brain defect, Explained a lot of things to you, An immense number of things. The defendant would call Dr. Bernard Albinia.


For almost three days, the court heard from a team of medical experts. The PET scan shows abnormal function of the cells in the orbital frontal lobe. His left frontal lobe was in the smallest two or 3% of the population. There's this decrease in the base of the right frontal lobe here. This mountain of complicated scientific theory eventually boils down to one very simple idea. I've come to the conclusion that he was insane at the time. Is Someone with this kind of brain defect a psychopath? Yes. Can we say that he chooses to be that way? No. Mr.


Stanko nor the other psychopaths that we know of have not made a conscious decision to be psychopathic. They have a brain abnormality that has been forced upon them by bad luck or God or genes or what have you. How does Steven Stanko suffer this brain defect? Steven Stanko medical records were crystal clear. There was no question that he was born with some form of neurological dysfunction. According to the expert defense witnesses, Stanko suffered medical complications shortly after birth, including jaundice and a blockage in his airway that may have deprived his brain of oxygen. I suspect that at that time the damage was done and his brain though he appeared to develop normally, this particular area of the brain did not.


You're looking as close as we can come to showing you what insanity can look like. Diggs is convinced the evidence presented amounts to a persuasive insanity defense. I believe in theory and I believe in the experts who tell me that we're right. They've showed what's wrong in my frontal lobes. I mean, you can't deny it. He was insane. And that is the only verdict that's justified by the evidence in this case. But there are some in the courtroom who don't see it quite the same way. He's a coward.


That's the bottom line. And we can put all the kinda psychosis into the mix, but that's essentially what he is a coward in a murderer.


Hey, I'm Tank Sinatra here with my co-host Investigators later, And we would like to tell you a little bit about our podcast, cyclopedia. It's true crime infused with comedy, making It a crime. And that is our word. Thank you. We made it up. I do extensive investigative research and go deep into the darkest corners of the human psyche. And I'm just here to lighten things up a little bit with you or baby, you know, never at the expense of the victims though obviously come Join our family of little psychos over on Cyclopedia, available on the Odyssey app or wherever you listen to your podcasts.


Please bring in the jury. Now we know that defendant Stanko, she does bad stuff and he doesn't feel too bad about it. There was no bizarre behavior. There was no madness going on here. Prosecutor Greg Henry dismisses Steven KO's defense with just two words. It's junk signs. Junk signs, junk signs. Would you say this could be a birth defect then? Definitely What he's saying is that I was born this way. He's saying that I cannot control my violent impulses and you can't hold it against me. So we send him home and I, I just disagree. I don't, I don't buy it. Upon getting these images of his brain, my diagnosis is that Mr.


Stanko is a psychopath and, and I'm 100% certain of that and I, I believe we've proved it. I've seen the images and I'm not persuaded, but I'm not persuaded not because of what I can see, but because of what other experts look at and tell me. His brain scan is perfectly normal and by all objective criteria, that's a perfectly normal functioning brain. Did you find in this defendant any mental disease? No. Did you find any mental defect? No. Henry now tries to score points by cross-examining defense witnesses. You're testifying that this defendant has a birth defect To prove that his complications at birth had nothing to do with his crime free all these years later.


Neurological. Okay. Okay, neurological. Okay. Yes. Isn't that good news? That's great. That's great news. Yes. And the baby was released from the hospital two days later, wasn't he? Yes. Can you solemnly swear off on For two days? Prosecution witnesses testified that all, although Steven Stanko had some serious problems, insanity wasn't one of them. My opinion is that he has a personality disorder with narcissistic and antisocial features. He has the grandiose self sense of self-importance. He exaggerates achievements and his talents. He requires excessive admiration and he lacks empathy. This defendant has no mental illness in your opinion?


In my opinion he does not. He has a personality disorder. I think he's of sound mind and he knows, you know, right from wrong. Roger Turner is the son of Henry Turner Stanko last murder victim. He believes the insanity defense is simply Stanko final con. He has planned this. Okay. I think it's so outlandish. Is so preposterous. That is fabricated. Henry Turner and Stanko spent a lot of time together. Henry Became kind of a friend and quasi father for me for a while. So he was good people. Which leaves Roger with even more questions about his father's murder following the attacks at the Ling house.


Why dad? You know, I mean, dad gum. He's 74 years old. Eight days for 75th birthday. I mean, come on. I mean, he befriended him. Stanko refused to discuss the details surrounding the Henry Turner shooting. Since he has yet to be tried for that murder, he went to Henry's. Right. And that's where I'm gonna stop talking. So what does it take for you to go into one of these episodes where you act out violently? Usually it's when I'm confronted with violence. I mean, the only times that it's ever happened is when I was confronted with violence. Stanko maintains that both Elizabeth McClendon and Laura Ling provoked him before there are attacks.


The flick of a cigarette or someone tossing keys at you Or a slap or a slap that that causes a cigarette to go into my eye. And that's what Laura Ling did. Yes, sir. But Laura's ex-husband, Chris Ling, has his own theory that Stanko is simply just a bully. Steven Stanko iss insane when he knows that he's dealing with young women, women and old men. And to back that up, Chris Ling points to KO's prison record. During his incarceration, he was considered somewhat of a, a model prisoner, never got in many fights. And the reason for this is because he is a coward. The people that you've attacked are either young or weak.


The neck tie is wrapped tightly around each wrist. These are the people who you seem to, to prey on, Prey on. I dunno, what words do you want me to use? You can use whatever word you want. I mean, I have thought about this. I have thought about why I didn't kill somebody in prison. The one thing I never did in prison was fight somebody when nobody else was around. Ko told us he had 39 fights during his time in prison, but when we checked, there was no record of any such violent behavior. He knows he did it. I know he did it there. I know there was no mental deficiency there.


He knows that. And he started choking her. And I immediately thought, oh God, he's gonna kill her. Let's just get it done. This trial has never been about who committed these heinous crimes, but rather should Steven Stanko be held responsible for them and as they make their final arguments, It's always somebody else's fault, always somebody else's fault. The state and the defense have very different opinions of who this man is. His brain made him do it. It's on its own. He just goes and does things. And while I'm over here, my brain's out running around murdering and raving people. That's where the brain defect the mental defect is.


That's where the ability to distinguish between right and wrong. That's where that function lies in the brain. And he doesn't have it. Now. 12 jurors will decide if Stanko was of sound mind when he killed Laura Ling and raped her teenage daughter. And if he was, should he die for it? As we accompany Steven Stanko on one of his final rides to the courthouse, he seems almost resigned to his fate.


You know, no matter what happens today, if there's one thing, I do believe that somehow, some way my brain and the things that have gone on with it have got to be useful to science. Which picture of Steven Stanko will the jury believe the killer who knew exactly what he was doing, or the insane man who was a victim of his own anatomy? Please bring in the jury Just two hours later, the jury has an answer. State of South Carolina versus Steven Christopher Stanko As to count one murder, we the jury, by unanimous consent find the defendant guilty.


They hold him responsible for the death of Laura Lang and the rape of her teenage daughter. He never apologized to you in court? Not to me. Do you need to hear an apology? No. No, No. I'm, I'm beyond an apology. Just one week after finding Stanko guilty, Ready for it to be open, Overcast. It'll be a good then the same jury must now rule on whether he lives or dies. That justice is the last thing defendant Stanko wants. Because justice in this case is the sentence of death.


The ultimate punishment should be reserved for people who have a healthy brain. Should you choose to recommend life imprisonment without the possibility of parole, your decision must be a unanimous one. What's the best that you can hope for? You know, I don't know. I wanna live. I didn't at first. I really didn't. When the jury comes back, what do you expect to hear? Well, we've already won. I mean, Steven Stanko is never gonna be a free man. He'll never be. You know, he may victimize someone in the prison system, but he'll never victimize another, another free citizen walking, walking about Once again, the jury just takes two hours to make their decision.


If the defendant would stand for the publication of jury's verdict, State of South Carolina, Georgetown County versus Steven Christopher Stanko. Recommendation of sentence, death penalty Process works. We'll be putting down someone, victimizes, young children, old men, and little girls. I've got the most greatest daughter in the world. And a Leo. Thank you. Thank you. Although the defense failed to prove their theory, their lead expert, Dr.


Sachi still believes in the science. Mr. Stanko had a defense that was at the cutting edge of science and far beyond where the laws of this country are right now. You see long-term value in this science. This Will be the standard of forensic investigation in this field in the future. Were all of you at peace with the decision you reached? You all were say yes. Yes. Steven Stanko should die Absolutely. For these question. That's Great. Absolutely, yes. No doubt about it. We brought some of the jurors together to see what they thought of the scientific defense. Well, I'll be honest with you. When we went into deliberation with that PET scan and, and, and all that computerized stuff, they didn't.


I said, I've felt like I've been dazzled with brilliance and baffled with bs. Could a sane person, someone who possesses all of their mental faculties, carry out these heinous crimes? I think it is possible to commit this sort of crime and not be insane. He's a monster. He's Worse than a monstery. He had everybody kind. The defense argued that Steven Stanko was born with a brain defect. Couldn't that explain his behavior? I don't believe in any, I don't believe. I never believe that. Believe he Had one. I think what a lot of us felt is that he was temporarily in insane when he wanted to be temporarily insane.


In the end, what the jury found most compelling was the evidence from two of ST's victims. If you're gonna die, do it. Saving your mom. And I tried, I fought harder then than I ever had the entire night. Laura's daughter's testimony herself was just something that I'll never forget. Talking and crying about what happened to her and how brutal and, and, and vile and disgusting it was. Mommy. Oh yeah, mommy. Oh god. I know. I cried when I listened to that tape. Had tears. I couldn't hold back. And while she was not there herself, the jurors felt like they had her.


For Laura Ling, The forensic doctor who performed the autopsy had outlined every single injury that she had to her body. Also, once you look in her mouth, you see some more trauma. And I thought Laura Ling's not here to speak for herself, but she has spoken. She was beautiful These days. Laura Ling's daughter clings to the good memories of her mother. She was smart and she she was funny. She was the kind of girl you wanted to be friends with. You know, she was just warm and inviting While trying to erase from her own mind.


The damage left there by Steven Stanko. I don't know if I'll ever forgive him for what he did to my mom, but I can honestly say that I do forgive him for what he did to me. And I refuse to, to sit here and, and hate him and, and never be able to move on and never be able to move past this. I'm not gonna do that. Steven Stanko received two death sentences for the murders of Laura Ling and Henry Turner.


Thanks for listening To Train to Kill From 48 Hours. Listen on Amazon music or just ask Alexa, play the podcast, train to Kill the dog trainer, the heiress and the bodyguard on Amazon Music.