
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


48 hours podcast listeners love a true crime mystery. But you know what's not a mystery? The fact that Audible has the best collection of audio books and podcasts, Audible makes it easy to be entertained as part of your daily routine. As, an Audible member You could choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers, 48 hours podcast listeners recommend Empire of Pain, the secret history of this Sackler Dynasty by Patrick Radden. Keefe New members can try Audible free for 30 days, Visit Audible dot com slash 48 hours, or text 48 hours to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash 48 hours. or text 48 hours to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash 48 hours.


When I begin a new story, there are facts to be checked and experts to confer with at the outset. It sometimes feels overwhelming. Getting started on a new home project could be similar. It's hard to know where to start. That's where Angie comes in. Angie has over 200,000 pros in their network, making it easy to research, compare and hire top rated experts for any project in your home with just a few taps in the Angie app or a few clicks on angie.com. You could connect with local pros who have been rated and reviewed by real homeowners in your neighborhood. Angie is there to help homeowners get all their jobs done well. So get started on the app or go to angie.com. That's a NG i.com.


It was a savage murder. That was probably one of the most brutal that I've seen. The brutality of this was what stunned us all, but to cut a woman's throat, it's revenge, it's anger. Somebody hated her. Take a look at this. Gorgeous. Isn't she full of life? Just a little sweetheart. And once you knew her, you loved her forever. Can you give me her whole name, Her maiden name? Eva k Smith.


Eva Kay Judd. Eva k Wilson. Eva k Gilbert. Eva, k Weell. Each time did she think, okay, this guy, this is gonna be the one. I guess She was the wife of Hal Weell, and Hal was a real estate developer. He was very wealthy, successful businessman. He was a jet setter. He ran in a fast crowd of big money. He liked very pretty women, and he liked the glitter of life. I'm Ned Timmons, and my team was hired by Pal Wendell to investigate the death of his wife.


How would you all describe this case? Puzzling, frustrating. You wanna right the wrong, somebody is out there that took this lady's life, and it's our job to try and find them. This incident happened on May 1st, 2008. K one oh was at home. She hadn't been feeling well. I think it was right over in this area is where the first encounter happened. The attack at the front door was brutal. And then I think he just like hits her like this.


Somebody hit her with a prizefighter type punch and just smashed her face in. I think she recovered and ran for the kitchen. She was running for her life, And I think this is where the, the perpetrator, the assailant got Her, caught her from behind, forced her to the ground, And then, and then cut her neck. I believe Hal came home around six 30 or seven o'clock at night and found, Kay. What's the hardest part about losing your sister this way?


She's my best friend. How could somebody do that to somebody like her? We have found people have free lives. They have a public life, a private life, and a secret life. Do you believe Kay Weell had a secret life? I, I believe she did. Yes. And that's where I believe the answer lies. Erin Moriarty Reports solve this case. Who killed Kay Weell?


And why are you talking to me? I'm talking to you because I wanna find out who murdered my sister At the time of her murder. Kay was married to real estate developer, Hal Weell, her fourth husband. He was smitten from the moment he first set eyes on Kay in a Reno airport. She said she bent over to get luggage off the rack. And that's when Hal noticed her. How could you not? Pam Sleeper says her sister was striking and vivacious. Hal Was proud of her.


He used to love to walk in a restaurants. She was arm candy. Oh, look at that woman. Wow. And at the age of 60, Kay was still turning heads and everyone seemed to love her, which made her murder in May, 2008, all the more shocking and difficult to solve. What's more there is little physical evidence. Crime scene investigators took this video, which reveals no fingerprints, footprints, defensive wounds, hairs, or fibers, and all the blood tested was Kay's.


So three weeks after his wife's death, Hal Weell offered a reward that would grow to a quarter of a million dollars. He wanted to try to find out who murdered Kay and he was willing to pay dearly to do it. But when months went by without a real leave, the frustrated multimillionaire hired his own team of private investigators led by Ned Timmons. We want this guy. We want this solved. Timmons. A retired FBI agent recruited former colleagues, his own ex-wife, Kathleen, and John and Sonya. You know when you get involved in this kind of work, you want to have closure.


You wanna bring 'em to a an end. We brought them together with retired Gwinnett County Police, Lieutenant Charlie Bishop, who also worked on this case to reexamine a murder that continues to haunt them all. So can this be solved? Oh, I think it can. We need that lucky break. Normally we follow a murder case after an arrest has been made, but not tonight. Tonight's report is a true Who done it? So listen closely. Maybe you know something that can solve this case. May 1st, 2008 wasn't a typical day for Kay Weell.


She woke up that morning with all the intentions of going to work. Usually She was out finding tenants to fill her husband's shopping centers. Then She changed her mind saying, I don't feel well. So whoever did this knew that She was home. There are no signs of forced entry. This is where you believe the assailant came in. Is that correct? Yes, that's correct. So John and Sonya believes Kay let her kill her inside and was immediately assaulted. The proof says, Ned Timmons is all that blood. And you can see by the way, the blood droplets hit her back, had to be there, and he had to hit her with a very, very powerful blow there.


That stunned her And sent her glasses. Flying across the room, She realized I'm in trouble. And then tried to escape. She flees to the kitchen perhaps to get the phone there. He gets her, and that's where he takes control of her and kills her By slashing her throat. What happened next? Shocked. Even these veteran investigators. Then he decided to do what we call an insurance cut a second cut To make sure that She was gonna die. I mean, that's a cold-blooded Attack. Exactly right? Yeah, it really is. And Kay's killer appeared to have carefully planned his attack. Nobody saw him coming in.


Nobody saw him leave, which Makes what the killer left behind So puzzling. There's the bloody towel up in the upstairs bedroom, A towel with smudges of Kay's blood was found in her closet off the master bathroom. Why is he in There? It's her closet. Maybe he takes one final trophy. What are you looking for in that room? It's a big question. This is what investigators do know. The weapon. I think it might have been a scalpel or something like that. Could have been a hunting or fishing knife, whatever it was.


It was extremely sharp. It did not cause any jagged lacerations. It was like The assailant you all use. He you believe a man did this 'cause of the strength that it took. I don't see a woman cutting another woman's throat like that. You know? Are there women that could do this? I should. I don't think it's likely. I think this was a man, A man that John and Sonya believes is right-handed, Because I think he hit her with his right. And I think the way they, the, the cuts were on her neck, it started from here to here. If he was left-handed, I think he would start here and go this way.


And he was probably wearing gloves. Pieces of a latex glove were found inside the house and on the back deck that didn't match ones used by first responders. That also is confirmation that whoever did this came prepared. I mean, who walks around with rubber gloves in their pocket? The motive? Everyone agrees this was not a robbery. She had plenty of rings on Kay's wallet and credit cards were out in the open jewelry worth hundreds of thousands of dollars was locked in a safe upstairs. If this was some guy that came to rob her, wouldn't he take the rings?


Wouldn't he take something? The impressions that I got were that someone was very comfortable in that home, knew their way around that home, and this person has no concern that anyone is going to walk in and catch him and then walks out the back door and departs. Investigators believe the killer made his escape through the woods behind the Weell home. He clearly knew where he was going to when he left, and that takes an awful lot of prior planning. But Did he make a mistake? Who is this? Don't know, but I sure wished I did.


I'm thinking, is this the guy that murdered my sister?


It's summer, which means you're probably spending more time outdoors and maybe even on the beach listening to the latest episode of 48 hours. The last thing you want is worrying about your home while you're away. That peace of mind can come from SimpliSafe, home security, fast protect, monitoring, and live guard protection. Being SimpliSafe Agents act in the first five seconds of an alarm. US News and World Report named them the best home security systems. And according to Newsweek, SimpliSafe offers the best customer service in home security. You can install the system yourself or get a pro to do it for you. There's no long-term contract, no hidden fees. You can cancel any time and it's under a dollar a day. Protect your home this summer with 20% off any new SimpliSafe system. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash 48 hours. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash 48 hours. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


when you are in the market for a new SUV, you want a vehicle that can handle your daily commute, navigate the elements and adventure with ease. You need the reliability of a Toyota and the confidence that your investment will last. And that's where Toyota leads the pack as the number one resale value brand for 2024, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. So check out the legendary redesign, land Cruiser or spacious Grand Highlander. Or test drive a RAV4 available in gas, hybrid and plugin hybrid models. Visit buy a toyota.com. The official website for deals. For more vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2024 model year. For more information, visit Kelly Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Six days after Kayano was murdered, her family and friends gathered to say goodbye. It was packed. Lots of people, there was a lot of policemen there. Gwinnett County Police took this surveillance footage. They were searching the faces for suspects. Pam Sleeper was searching for answers. Did Diday have enemies? I didn't think she did, but apparently she did. Did she ever talk about having any fears? No. No. Anybody threatening her? No. No. You had to wonder about Hal, didn't you? No, it just never crossed my mind ever.


But it certainly occurred to police to look at Kay's husband. Hal was a suspect from day one. Hal, however, appeared eager to cooperate, agreeing to this police interview in 2008 without his lawyer present. To the best of my knowledge, I will tell you everything I know. And as investigators discovered, Hal had an iron clad alibi. We knew Hal physically wasn't there. We have video of him leaving his office. We have video of him going to a fast food restaurant. All within the time we believe the murder took place.


There was also no evidence how had hired anyone. What's more? He seemed grief stricken by Kay's death. There are nights I wake up crying my heart out, middle of the night like a child. It's horrible. It's, it's, it's really horrible. And especially If, you don't know why. If She was hit by a car, How wasn't a part of this, in my opinion. So you don't believe he was involved? No, but I think Hal was protecting the memory of Kay. The secret stuff. The secret stuff. And he didn't wanna divulge that because it would reflect poorly on Kay Secrets.


Kay didn't even share with her sister Pam. There was a whole lot apparently she didn't talk to me About. And you think somewhere in there is a clue to her killer? I sure do. Kay had a colorful past as investigators discovered, she not only married a lot, she also had affairs. She needed to be loved and she needed to feel that she could attract any man. She She was obsessed with this. In fact, Ned Timmons theorizes, she may have been seeing someone at the time of her death. Hal knew her secret life. Hal was involved in the secret life, in my opinion.


Do you think he put up with her then having affairs just to keep her on his arm? Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. In a murder investigation, nothing is private. So the Wendell house was searched, and according to John and Sonya, more possible evidence of Kay's secret life was uncovered Material we found in the house. Right. Which would, would not be normal. In what way? What do you mean? It was unusual? Almost perverted, kinky, kinky. Yes. Kinky is a good word. Outfits detectives described as fetish wear. And when we talked to Hal about it first he said, no, I don't know anything about that stuff.


Oh, then the next time, oh yeah, we went to a, a masquerade party and she dressed like a French maid. But this Halloween costume is tame compared to what else was found in Kay's closet. The list in police reports is X rated. These outfits were not something a French maid would wear. And if she's not wearing them for Hal, then who she wearing 'em for? Kay is a beautiful woman. If, you came out and I'd line up 30 guys. I know they'd all tell you the same thing. Anybody, any guy would fall in love with Kay in a minute. Do you believe she knew her killer? I think she probably did.


And cops do have one possible clue to his identity. A stranger seen in this neighborhood, the very afternoon Kay was killed. This sketch was made with help from one of the Eno's neighbors who told police. He actually saw the same man twice on the day of the murder and the day before. And he had a, a flyer for a house that was for sale in the subdivision. And the neighbor said, oh, it's way on the other side. And he just turned around and he walked away out of sight. The first encounter stood out to the neighbor because the stranger didn't seem to have a car.


Now this is an area you just don't walk around in a neighborhood. You, you have to drive nobody, nobody walks. Police later discovered that the House for Sale flyer was only given to people who had been inside that house and there had been no showings. On the day the stranger first appeared the following day, the same neighbor was looking out his bathroom window And he sees the same guy walking toward Wendell's house right about the time they believed that the homicide occurred. I mean, do you think this person could be the killer? I think it's a strong possibility. Obviously we can't say for a hundred percent until we identify that person he saw.


And for more than eight years, that's exactly what Gwinnett County Police have been trying to do. Sergeant John Richter took over the investigation in 2011. Lieutenant Steven Shaw is his supervisor. It's a standard, you know, white male with wire in glasses that's aging and starting to bald. And there are probably hundreds and hundreds of males walking around that look something like this. And, and we've, you know, obviously explored Case Inner Circle and, and Hal's circle and, and all of their friends and acquaintances, They checked out everyone from Kay's doctor to a restaurant manager, even a clerk at the local Hobby Lobby store who had a crush on Kay.


She said, that's the strangest thing. He calls me and wants me to go for a drink with him. Investigators have cleared and eliminated all three men, but they're still trying to find this man pictured with Kay. In a photo taken years earlier in Las Vegas who seemed to resemble the sketch, do you think that person is this person? Well, I think it's a possibility that that person is seated next to Kay and with another female. It, it, it for sure could be him. You don't know whether he's a suspect or not. You just, I I never could identify him. Nobody seemed to know who he was As investigators were searching for the man in the sketch, Hal suggested they should also look at a man in Kay's past.


I have something back of my mind. I don't even want to say it yet. That that was years and years ago. Yeah. That the weirdest thing was, and I I really don't even like saying it. Is her ex-husband, Her third husband, Jeff Gilbert, Was she still married to him when you, when you two met? When we met, absolutely. Yes. She was, He was running Bally's Casino where Kay was modeling when Howes swept in and stole her away. He threatened her when She was trying to leave. I know that, but that's what she told me. So You don't think that would make Jeff angry enough to wanna kill it?


No, no, no. Never. But just a few months before Kay was killed, Jeff called, he was traveling to Atlanta and wanted to see her. And Hal, I said, well, what are you gonna do hun? She said, I told him we're not going. She said he's livid about it. We looked at him because an ex-husband is, is of course on our suspect list, but no indication that he was involved. We don't have any evidence through airlines or phone records. And we looked into it to indicate that he was in the Atlanta area. Then nearly three months after Kay was killed, out of the blue, the most tantalizing and perplexing clue of all, I was in shock.


I, I didn't know what to think. I stand on that bridge on, on the second floor. I look down at that front door, I say, Kay, what happened here? What, what really happened? Whoever did this in this because one of two reasons. They're very angry with her or they're very angry with you.


I've been in this game for 40 years. Who the hell kills your wife? Not even the mafia does that. Despite what Hal Weell believed, cold case investigators, Lieutenant Steven Shaw and Sergeant John Richter, wonder if the killer could be connected in some way to Wendell's business. We have to look at every option and every possibility until we figure out who did it Back in 2008. How was the picture of wealth and success at the time of Kay's death? What kind of shape was his business in? It's hard to tell in the face. It looks like they had a lot of money. However, after digging into the case, it appears that it was maybe smoke and mirrors as we find out that maybe there was some fraud or some stuff that wasn't always on the up and ups.


How Eno made his fortune buying land, building shopping centers, and then selling the malls fully leased for a profit. But according to Marie Lundquist, Hal would sometimes cook the books. He wasn't the most honest person in the world. Marie began working for Hal in 2007 as his administrative assistant. We Sold a shopping center in Lawrenceville and the whole deal was bad. He was paying tenants rent. So when the new owners bought it, the books looked like they were paying rent every month.


When in fact Hal was paying their rent. Some of them, yeah, I can say to you it without reservation, I can't even think of anybody. We have tenants occasions who fall out, but they don't blame me Yet. We found six lawsuits filed against Hal and his various companies, some of them from people who did blame him claiming fraud. But Hal brushed it off. If, you don't make any money. You never get sued for anything. The minute you make a buck, people come after you. Do you think there's any possibility that the Kay's death might have something to do with someone angry with Hal? Yeah, because apparently he owed a lot of people, many and he didn't make a lot of friends.


Could be a revenge thing. Kay's sister, Pam wonders if an investor was angry enough to hire a professional killer, which could explain the lack of evidence at the crime scene. There was a lot of blood there and how this guy got away without a footprint, a hand mark on the wall or anything. I, it's just amazing. But the idea of a professional hit doesn't make sense to the investigators who've examined the case over the years. I think if it was hi hired killer, it would've been a Yeah.


Gun with a gun. Yeah. No physical contact. 20 something to the back of head. Yeah. Boom, boom. Bye. Out the door. See you later. That's it. I'm done. And what makes a hit man even more unlikely they say is what happened nearly three months after Kay was murdered. A peculiar letter arrived at the Gwinnett County offices of the Atlanta Journal constitution. The letter wasn't published back then, but it was given to the police. The police department wanted to meet with us. They showed us this letter cut out in little bitty individual, different letters outta different magazine, all glued in to this page.


And it was shocking. The envelope postmark, July 21st, 2008 had been mailed from Augusta, Georgia, someone 140 miles away from where Kay was murdered. Wow. It it, I mean it was bizarre, odd. The letter and envelope were taken apart and carefully examined by the crime lab, but no DNA or other useful forensics were found. Whoever did this did it with, with gloves on. I mean they cut each individual letters out and then glued them. So it was very time consuming to do that.


Do You know how hard that would be to stick these things all there with Plastic? Oh, it's incredible. I mean this is really a long, I mean, just to go through the magazine, The letter is shocking. Philo with expletives. I bet Kay Weell never told anyone what she really was. It turns out She was just a money Gru whore. I loved her and she said we could be together. She told me she hated her house in that fat, miserable lying mother M Fing husband. She said she left me. But that was a lie too. I told her this would happen if she didn't keep, didn't keep Her damn promises to me.


Ing family screwed everything up. Those white trash as his many was more important than our love. We could have been so happy together, but they everything up On its face. It sounds like the words of a jolted lover, If. you look at the letter. Yeah. If we're gonna go with the the jilted lover theory that this person, she finally told him, no, I'm staying with Hal. In other words, did did the family talk her into staying with Hal that irritated the actual perpetrator? But Pam Sleeper says, Kay never mentioned any plans to leave Hal.


Although she admits parts of the letter have a ring of truth, especially about the house they were renting. I know that she didn't like her house. I mean, that was the first thing that stood out to me was, wow. I know She was kinda unhappy with Hal about that. So it was someone who knew her. Oh yeah, apparently. Who would go to such trouble? Is the letter really what it appears to be? How many of you believe this was actually written by a Sper lover? Do you, Based on the reading of it, yes, Kathleen, I Don't. I do because of the reference to the family, the house and things, things that wouldn't be known to everybody.


But those are exactly why it wouldn't be a s spurned lover. A s spurned lover doesn't give a care about her house. A s spurned lover doesn't give a care about her family. I believe at this point it's not a jilted lover. That's a red herring. Review the clues help solve this case. Join us now on Facebook at 48 hours.


There's nothing worse than getting home from your trip only to find out you missed a can't miss travel experience. That's why you need via tour book, guided tours, activities, excursions, and more in one place to make your trip truly unre regrettable via tour makes it easy to explore over 300,000 travel experiences. Everything from simple tours to extreme adventures and all the niche interesting stuff in between. So you can plan something that everyone you're traveling with will enjoy real traveler reviews. Give the inside scoop from people who have already been on the experience you're considering so you can plan with confidence. Free cancellation helps you plan for the unexpected. And 24 7 customer service means you always have support around the clock. Download the Via tour app now to use code via Tour 10 for 10% off your first booking in the app. Regret less, do more with Via tour.


Summer is supposed to be an opportunity to slow down, but when you look at your kids, you can't help but notice that your kids are growing up fast. Help them build independence as they grow with Greenlight. Greenlight is a debit card and money app for families where parents can keep an eye on kids' money habits while kids learn how to save, invest and spend wisely. It's the easy, convenient way to raise financially smart kids. Get your first month free when you sign up at greenlight.com/ Wondery. That's greenlight.com/ Wondery.


The investigation into Kay Weill's Death got New Life. When this letter arrived in July of 2008, it felt like something dreamed up by a Hollywood screenwriter. It's what the author thinks threat letters should look like. This is almost scripted, so you have to say, what's the purpose? Former FBI profiler Mary Ellen O'Toole agreed to examine the letter for us. She now heads the forensic science program at George Mason University. This is someone I think that's pretending to be the killer to create this boogeyman suspect and to push the police away from the actual motive in the case.


The writer may not be a jolted lover at all From working cases like this. If this was a spurned lover, then this would not be the first note. A spurned lover is going to have notes preceding this one where Kay is the most wonderful thing in the world. I love you. We're perfect together. Even if it's a delusional stalker initially, they love their victims. They're beautiful, they're gonna spend their life together. It's only after a few letters that you see that transition to you are now this horrible human being. I hate You. What's more? The investigation hasn't revealed any other men in Kay's life.


Exactly what Hal told detectives back in 2008 As God is my judge, I don't think Kay was having an affair as she had to be the best damn actress in the world. It turns out that while Kay was sexy and flirtatious, investigators may have been looking in the wrong direction. They didn't find any evidence of an affair at the time of her murder. And Kathleen Timon says, neither did the medical examiner And this letter that implies that she's got yet a very active current lovers. And yet when they they did the autopsy examination, she had no indication that that there had been recent sexual activity.


It's no indication that she's involved with anybody, including your husband. Do You believe that the person who sent this letter is actually the person who went into the home and killed Her? Not necessarily. Oh, Toole suspects the killer may have had help. I think it's possible that there are two people that could be involved. You could have somebody that wrote the letter and then someone that came into the home. Mary Ellen O'Toole says, writers of cut and paste notes tend to have one thing in common. They are women. I can tell you that that's my experience. I've seen them written by teenage girls. I've seen them written by middle aged women. But the behavior at the scene, just that kind of violence certainly suggests to me a male offender.


If the profiler is right, that means a man and a woman could be involved in Kay's death with a woman creating the note to throw police off the trail. Someone may have been interviewed and they felt like they could have been considered a suspect. Didn't want that and produced this note. Isn't this a very risky thing? A terribly risky thing to do. O'Toole suggests taking another look at the people interviewed by police back in 2008. One of those people was this woman, a friend of Kay's and Hal's, Karen Scott. Karen worked for Hal and she promoted herself as Hal's right hand man.


And Karen was an obvious suspect of ours because She was close with Hal and Kay. In any investigation, you're gonna start with who's closest to them. So close that. When Karen remarried, it was Kay who gave the wedding shower and was matron of honor. Marie Lundquist was there. Oh my gosh. It was a gorgeous wedding. Hal walked her down the aisle And the day Kay was killed, investigators discovered Hal and a colleague had brought breakfast to Karen who was home recovering from surgery. And later when he discovered Kay's body, Karen was his first call. She was destroyed because she and Kay were like very, very, I mean extremely close.


That's Karen Scott on police surveillance tape at Kay's funeral. You know, things change. Back then we thought She was a good source. She would Email me wanting to be kept up on what was going on. All seemingly innocent that may not be Documents show Karen had ongoing financial problems. But Hal was a generous boss. The money was great. I don't think she could have made that kind of money elsewhere. And She was ambitious. We looked into Karen, we looked into every other person at work who was closest to Kay Hal what they would gain if Kay was out of the picture. According to this police report, Karen admitted to detectives that with Kay's death she possibly gained the opportunity to operate the company.


But she also denied that she would've had any motivation to bring harm to Kay over those facts. And she described herself as Kay's best friend. And when I heard that, I was like really? I mean that surprised me. Kay's sister and best friend Pam Sleeper, You know, I know a best friend and their relationship was not like my best friends. Some work colleagues also question how close they really were. They were not best friends maybe to her face, but that's not what She was saying. Behind Kay's back We reached out to Karen Scott and she sent us this letter stating I lost my best friend to a brutal attack.


But she declined our request for an interview. Karen has been questioned by investigators about Kay Wendell's death. And according to police reports, she adamantly denied any and all involvement. What's more police say? Cell phone records back. Karen's alibi that She was home around the time of the murder and Richter says he's unable to connect her to the letter. We investigated that thoroughly and and, and quite frankly we're still investigating it, but we can't find anything to suggest that Karen was responsible for the letter or that anybody in particular is responsible for that letter With an unknown assailant still on the loose.


Pam Sleeper says her determination to find her sister's killer comes with wrist. I do walk around kind of scared sometimes I wonder if he's gonna be after me next 'cause I don't give it up. You think because you keep her name alive and you keep this case alive that somebody might come after you. Yeah.


Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds. Recently I asked Mint Mobile's legal team if big wireless companies are allowed to raise prices due to inflation. They said yes. And then when I asked if raising prices technically violates those onerous to your contracts, they said, what the fuck are you talking about? You Insane Hollywood. So to recap, we're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 front for three months. Plus taxes and fees promoting for new customers for limited time. Unlimited more than 40 gigabytes per month slows full turns. At mint mobile.com


We get support from Dove. Hey y'all, it's your girl, Kiki Palmer, host of the Wondery Podcast baby. This is Kiki Palmer. Let me cut to the chase. Did you know that in many states across the US it's still not illegal to discriminate against people based on the way their hair grows out of their head. To deny black folks from jobs and opportunities because they have braids, LuxS twists, or Bantu knots that's messed up. And today's sponsor Dove agrees. That's why Dove co-founded the Crown Coalition in 2019 to advocate for the passage of the Crown Act. Crown stands for creating a respectful and open world for natural hair. And the Crown Act is legislation which prohibits race-based hair discrimination in workplaces and schools in the us. Dove is driving awareness by advocating for petition signatures and supporting the Crown movement to create a society where black hair is not only accepted but respected and celebrated in all of its beauty. Join dove in taking action to help end race-based hair discrimination by signing the Crown Act petition at dove.com/crown. That's dove.com/crown.


That was the last picture taken. A kay on her 60th birthday. Pam's Sleeper says that after Kay's murder, how Eno was never the same. He called me every day. He was just lost. He missed her so much. He would say, who? Why? I was like, I I don't know how. It's what we're trying to find out. I Tried to stay busy morning, noon, night. I hate the mornings going to work 'cause I know I'm coming home to that house at night. Weekends I despise Hal may have hated being in the house, but he refused to leave it. If Your wife or significant other was murdered in that house, wouldn't you want to get out of that house?


Private investigator Ned Timmons. You wanna walk in the kitchen every day and have this vision of all this blood and her lying there with her throat cut. You know, it just didn't make sense. Still more perplexing to investigators. How kept the house exactly as it was the day Kay was killed. Her sneakers next to the living room couch. Her book opened to the page. She was reading drops of her blood on the staircase. It was never cleaned up even when our team showed up months and months later. Yeah, the house was exactly, which was strange. Very strange. They exactly the way it was. You'd think you'd have a cleaning crew come in and cleanse it all up that place.


But there was still the blood splatters. I want nothing more on God's earth than to find the guy who did this. And I give everything I have to get case killer. Even if it meant spending his fortune to do it, The Gwinnett County Police Department was having their financial difficulties. So it was really a bad time for law enforcement. Is That part of the problem here? That there, It's a problem everywhere. There was just no money there. Again, another reason Hal contacted these folks 'cause they had so much more resources available to him than we did. Ned Timmon says it was Hal who paid for much needed lab work to be done.


I was dealing with private laboratory weekly and we sent a lot of fibers. We sent a lot of fluids for DNA sampling. And Hal would've to approve every, yeah, every time samplings are five, 6,000 a hit. And we had people in Las Vegas, we had leads in California, we had leads all over the country. It was costing him a lot of money. Yeah. House Quest came to an abrupt end in 2010 after he died of a heart attack. His estate cut off the $250,000 reward money and fired his private investigators. You know, there was things that we wanted to do, other leads that we wanted to follow up on. And then all of a sudden, you know, the, the executor says, you guys are all finished.


We weren't happy about it. I'll tell you That as FBI agents, we don't ever want to quit and we never wanted to just stop, but we couldn't afford to finance it ourselves. The current cold case detectives seem to have made no headway and their investigation up here stalled this case on the face of it looks like it would be solvable. Why is it still open From the amount of time put into it and different investigators involved? I, I really don't have an answer for that. And that's the most frustrating part. And I think that's probably why we're here today, is that we'll get someone's attention and someone who knows something, we'll call us. I know there's somebody out there that knows and I think they just need to come forward and let us know. You know, it would just help so much.


We'd be so grateful As they've done so many times. Pam Sleeper, her mother and their husbands made an emotional visit to Kay's grave. If it was me, Kay would not give up and I'm not going to give up Tonight. Investigators are asking for your help to solve Kay Wendell's murder. Once again, here is what we know. She was at home in Lawrenceville, Georgia. On May first 2008 when She was viciously attacked. Investigators believe her assailant was a right-handed man wearing gloves who used a very sharp weapon.


This unidentified man seen near the Weell home the day of the murder may have been involved. And then there's the cut and paste letter sent Nearly three months later, People who think they get away with murder sigh a big sigh of relief when years go by. But this program is going to make them very nervous. Anyone with information is asked to contact Gwinnet County Criminal investigation Division Anonymous tip lie at 7 7 0 5 1 3 5 3 9 0 Crime Stoppers Atlanta 4 0 4 5 7 7 tips 1 4 0 4 5 7 7 8 4 7 7.


If. you like this podcast? You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


I'm Dan tab Bursky. In 2011, something strange began to happen at the high school in Leroy, New York. I was like at my locker and she came up to me and She was like, stuttering super bad. I'm like, stuff around, she's like, I, I, I, I Can't. A mystery illness, bizarre symptoms and spreading fast. It's like Doubling and tripling and it's all these Girls with a diagnosis. The state tried to keep on the down low. Everybody Thought I was holding something back. Well, You were holding something back intentionally. Yeah, yeah. Well, yeah. No, it's Hysteria. It's all in your head. It's not physical. You. Oh my gosh, you're exaggerating. Is this the largest mass hysteria since the witches of Salem or is it something else entirely? Something's wrong here. Something's not right. Leroy was the new dateline and everyone was trying to solve the murder. A new limited series from Wondery and Pineapple Street Studios. Hysterical. Follow hysterical on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of hysterical early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.


Hi, I'm Lindsey Graham, the host of Wondery podcast, American Scandal. We bring to life some of the biggest controversies in US history events that have shaped who we are as a country and continue to define the American experience. We go behind the scenes looking at devastating financial crimes like the fraud committed at Enron and Bernie Madoff's Ponzi scheme. American Scandal also tells marquee stories about American politics. In our latest season, we retrace the greatest corruption scheme in US history as we bring to life the bribes and backroom deals that spawn the Teapot dome scandal resulting in the first presidential cabinet member going to prison. Follow American Scandal on the Wonder App or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge this season American Scandal Teapot Dome Early and Ad Free right now on Wondery Plus. And after you listen to American Scandal, go deeper and get more to the story with Wonder's other Top history podcasts including American History, tellers Legacy, and even the Royals Paramount Podcasts.