
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


48 hours podcast listeners love a true crime mystery. But you know what's not a mystery? The fact that Audible has the best collection of audio books and podcasts, Audible makes it easy to be entertained as part of your daily routine. As, an Audible member You could choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers, 48 hours Podcast listeners recommend Empire of Pain, the secret history of this Sackler Dynasty by Patrick Radden. Keefe New members can try Audible free for 30 days, Visit Audible dot com slash 48 hours or text 48 hours to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash 48 hours or text 48 hours to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days Audible dot com slash 48 hours


when you're in the market for a new SUV, you want a vehicle that can handle your daily commute, navigate the elements and adventure with ease. You need the reliability of a Toyota and the confidence that your investment will last, and that's where Toyota leads the pack as the number one resale value brand for 2024 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. So check out the legendary designed Land Cruiser or spacious Grand Highlander or test drive a RAV4 available in gas hybrid and plug in hybrid models. Visit buy a toyota.com. The official website for deals. For more vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2024 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Company, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


This has been a Hampton County story. This has been a Hampton County scandal. A jury found the disgrace South Carolina attorney guilty of murdering his wife and his youngest son. This has been the downfall of a family dynasty. Today is not the end. It's the next step in a long road to justice for every person who has been victimized by Alex Murdoch. Justice for Steven Smith. Alex Steven Smith was another body in this orbit of the Murdoch family. Stephen was a gay young man in the low country of South Carolina that is courageous in and of itself. I can't imagine the Tara he was in that night.


In the early morning hours of July 8th, 2015, 19-year-old Steven Smith was found dead in the middle of a rural road. There was an autopsy that basically said it's a hit and run. There was no vehicle debris, no broken headlight paint scrapes or or anything. You never believed it? No, not at all. He never would've been walking in that road. Not voluntarily. Do You believe Steven was murdered? I do. An investigation of some sort took place that led nowhere and then it went cold.


I wanted a second opinion. Sandy Smith is unique in this whole story. She doesn't know who killed her son. She doesn't know why. People in town really believed that it was connected to the Murdochs in some way. The name Buster Murdoch kept coming up. I never had anything to do with his murder and I never had anything to do with him on a physical level of of any regard. The rumors also suggest a coverup. We are aware of no evidence today that would suggest that any murall played any role in Steven Smith's death or played any role in trying to cover up the investigation into his death. All I want is peace and no one what happened to my son.


He's my world. I'm gonna fight to the end. This is a woman that has fought this battle alone since 2015, screaming as loud as she could with not a lot of people listening. CBS news confirming that the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division is now investigating Steven Smith's death as a homicide, The Murdoch case for all Steven's Cold case to life. Somehow some way in the Murdoch murder investigation, a new thread was opened up into Steven Smith. Our primary function right now is to had that body exhumed have a true independent set of eyes. Look at it and tell us once and for all what really happened to Steven Smith.


The gash was from part of this eyebrow across here. The injuries can tell us so much about what happened And in this case they did. They did Set the scene for me on July 8th, 2015. Here Steven was somewhat right here in the road. How confident are you that you know what happened to Steven Smith that night? I'm as close to a degree of scientific certainty as I've ever felt. Nikki Battiste reports Stephen Smith, a death in Murdoch country Like his mother Sandy.


Stephen Smith was born a fighter. He was a preemie. He weighed two pounds, 12 ounces. A Twin, Yeah, twin. Born at 27 weeks with his sister Stephanie. Sandy says Steven couldn't breathe on his own After several months, She was told he might not make it and She was finally allowed to hold her baby for the first time. How was that moment? Oh my gosh. It was amazing. It was supposed to be my goodbye, but he started breathing on his own because He felt you. Yeah, That's why he was my heart. Sandy never dreamed she'd one day be fighting for answers in her son's death.


How would you describe the journey that you've been on for justice? It's been a hard journey just living day by day and fighting day by day. On July 8th, 2015, Steven was found dead on a country road in Hampton County, the same county where three generations of Medaugh men had held the top prosecutor job for nearly a century. The Medaugh still loomed large over small town life. Alec Medaugh coached Steven's baseball team at one point When they were little. I think Steven was like seven or eight. Steven and Stephanie were also classmates of Murtaugh's older son Buster before Steven went to nursing school with dreams of one day becoming a doctor, He wanted to be a doctor, but it was more expensive, so he just started with nursing school.


He loved dealing with medicine and I mean he just loved it. You must've been so proud. Oh, I was. But instead Sandy says those dreams were buried with her son. You decided to bury him in his scrubs. Scrubs. Dr. Steven Smith. He had everything he needed in his pockets. He had a stethoscope and everything he needed. Steven had just completed a semester of school and was taking summer classes shuttling back and forth between his parents who lived apart. He had visited Sandy a week before he was killed. A storm started brewing. I told him that he needed to hurry up and get back to his dad's house, so when he made it, he texts me and says, I made it safe Mom, mama, I love you.


Sandy says, those were Steven's last words to her. Days later she would hear the news that would alter the course of her life. July 8th, I was on my way to work and I was listening to a local radio station and I heard that they had found a body. Sandy called her daughter Stephanie. Right away She said, mama, did Steven stay with you last night? 'cause he didn't come home last night. Then my stomach dropped and I knew it was him. Sandy says Steven's father. Joel went to the sheriff's office for confirmation that it was Steven. That's when she says they received a call. Well, I was on the phone with Joel the whole time while we were waiting for the sheriff to come out and that's when Joel asked me to hold on because Randy Murdoch was calling.


Randy Murtaugh is Alec Murtaugh's older brother and had been representing Joel Smith in a workers' comp case, but now he was calling about Steven. When Joel got back on the phone, he said Randy had asked if that was our Steven and that he wanted to help pro bono. Did You think it was strange that Randy offered to help pro bono? Well, I did, but Joel thought it was a nice gesture. Later that morning, Sandy says She was surprised again as she drove past the scene where Steven's body had reportedly been found. There was Alex and Randy standing on the opposite side of the road, Murdoch.


Murdoch. A few minutes later Sandy says Randy Murtaugh called again And asked if that was me that passed by. He said, I wish you'd have stopped so I could have met you. Randy Murall declined our request for an interview, but through his attorney he provided a written statement to 48 hours in which he said, quote, I was not aware of Steven's death until Joel told me they wanted my involvement and I contacted law enforcement on their behalf. Murtaugh said he went to the scene with a private investigator after meeting with Joel and Stephanie, adding quote claims that I visited the scene of Steven's death with my brother Alec are false.


Joel Smith passed away three months after Steven, but Stephanie and Sandy told us they never asked the murs for help and there were other things about Steven's case that didn't sit well with Sandy. From the moment the sheriff confirmed the body was Steven's, at first he told them Steven had been shot. What were you thinking Who would shoot him? It made no sense. I lost it. Then I left my job and just drove back to Hampton and we just mourned together. We just couldn't understand why or who. It was just a biggest shock of our life. Within hours, Steven's cause of death was suddenly changed to a hit and Towards the evening time we were contacted by the sheriff's office and after his autopsy there was not any type of bullet or bullet fragment found in his head because his body was in the roadway.


It was being ruled a hit and run. Retired South Carolina Highway patrol. Lieutenant Thomas Moore was the on scene supervisor. I was told that the medical examiner made that ruling and I reached out to her. It became a little bit heated. Give me an answer medically that would lead you to believe he was hit by a car. There was no medical reason. Did you see any signs of a hit and run? No ma'am. None. Any type of debris, any kind of glass, car parts, piece of plastic, anything that looks like it may be related to a vehicle. Also unusual for hit and run. Steven's clothing was intact and his shoes, which were loosely tied, were still on Generally clothed or torn or unraveled and shoes have come off And Steven's car keys and cell phone were in his front pocket unharmed and more says Steven's body appeared staged.


His body was laying like it had been placed in a certain position, not what you would typically see and it looked like somebody had hit him in the head with some kind of object. Meanwhile, Steven's wallet was still in his car, which investigators found three miles away with the doors locked and the gas cap hanging open. In all the years I've worked a car sitting on the side of the road with a gas cap off is not normal. I thought it was staged like his body was staged in the roadway. Sandy says she wondered if Steven might have been the victim of a hate crime. Did you think that it was possibly because of his sexuality? I did think that. I know he was teased a lot at school, but he still held his head high.


But Sandy says in the days leading up to his death, Steven was worried about his safety. He'd called his sister Stephanie for help. The day before he was killed, Stephanie said the battery cable was loosened on his car, so she had met him and then she tightened the battery cable and she asked him to get out the car and help her and he said, no, I'm not getting out Like he was scared, right? But he never said why. Despite what Lieutenant Moore felt, worse suspicious circumstances. He says, once Steven's death was ruled a hit and run, it became the highway patrol's job to solve the case. Instead of the Hampton County Sheriff's Office or sled, the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division, I felt like the case, for lack of a better word, was being pawned off on us.


Didn't matter what we said, we were going to be the ones investigating that case. As we were getting started, certain names started coming up, which names Murtaugh.


It's summer, which means you're probably spending more time outdoors and maybe even on the beach listening to the latest episode of 48 hours. The last thing you want is worrying about your home while you're away. That peace of mind can come from SimpliSafe, home security, fast protect, monitoring, and live guard protection. Being SimpliSafe agents act in the first five seconds of an alarm US News and World Report named them the best home security systems and according to Newsweek, SimpliSafe offers the best customer service in home security. You can install the system yourself or get a pro to do it for you. There's no long-term contract, no hidden fees. You can cancel any time and it's under a dollar a day. Protect your home this summer with 20% off any new SimpliSafe system. When you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash 48 hours. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash 48 hours. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


There's nothing worse than getting home from your trip only to find out you missed a can't miss travel experience. That's why you need via tour book, guided tours, activities, excursions and more in one place to make your trip truly unre Regrettable via tour makes it easy to explore over 300,000 travel experiences. Everything from simple tours to extreme adventures and all the niche interesting stuff in between so you can plan something that everyone you're traveling with will enjoy Real traveler reviews give the inside scoop from people who have already been on the experience you're considering so you can plan with confidence. Free cancellation helps you plan for the unexpected and 24 7 customer service means you always have support around the clock. Download the Via tour app now to use code via tour 10 for 10% off your first booking in the app. Regret less, do more with via tour.


Soon after Stephen Smith was killed, Hampton County guardian managing editor Michael Dewitt says he began hearing persistent rumors all over town. What are the rumors That at least one Murdoch child was in a vehicle with other boys and allegedly somebody in the vehicle struck the young man with the baseball bat and killed him. Sandy says those same rumors hit her doorstep as soon as Steven's body was taken for an autopsy. It made no sense to me. At any point did you think that someone in the Murdoch family was involved? Well, the longer it went on, the more I was asking myself questions, but I just couldn't find the connection, the powerful family.


And then you got Steven who was just Steven Sandy couldn't help but think back to her last conversation with Steven a week before he was killed. Somebody was messaging him a lot. He told me that he was going deep sea fishing and he said Key West. And I said, well who are you going with? He said, well, I can't tell you. Did that make you pause? Yeah, he said You'd be surprised. It's kind of like a prominent person. And then all I could say was, well, I hope you have fun. Sandy says Steven had become more secretive the last couple weeks, but it never crossed her mind. He might be talking about a murder. The original rumor was that Steven was planning to go away with Buster Murdoch and his family, that they were together romantically.


Liz Ferrell is the writer and co-host of the Murd Murders podcast. There's no evidence of that that we know of And 48 hours found no evidence to support the rumors. Retired highway patrol Lieutenant Thomas Moore says, the mere mention of the Murd alls made it difficult to get help from local agencies. We tried to hand that case file over to the sheriff's office and they physically would not take it from our hand. The Murdoch name was still very powerful, very well connected in law enforcement and the rumors suggested, well the local cops aren't gonna dig into it. Instead the case was handled solely by the highway patrol's, multidisciplinary accident investigation team called Mate, which specializes in complex vehicle crashes.


Here the mate team was from out of town and we wanted outside eyes involved in this. The Medaugh name appears dozens of times in Mate's 2015 case file, which we obtained through a freedom of information request. In his audio notes, corporal Michael Duncan makes it clear he doesn't think Steven's death is a hit and run. There is no body trauma other than to the head area. Does not appear to be, in my opinion, struck by a vehicle. Another investigator, Todd Proctor goes further. Typically you don't see the highway patrol working a murder and that's what this is. He hints at a conflict of interest for the local sheriff's department.


There's a reason why Hampton County Sheriff's Department is not handling this and I'll leave it at that. In this interview with Proctor local teen Taylor Dobson shares a detailed version of that story about several young men in a truck. I heard that these two, maybe three young men were in a vehicle. They were riding down 6 0 1, saw the car on the side of the road, I guess saw the boy walking, they turned back around then stuck something out the window. He offers a name reluctantly. He goes by Buster Murdoch Dobson says he grew up with Buster Kind kinda outta character to who I knew. It was just strictly hearsay.


From all I know Proctor reassures him. The Murtaugh's are already aware. Authorities want to speak with Buster. They know that he's on our radar. Matter of fact, I talked to one of their guys yesterday and and told 'em, you know I'm, I'm gonna talk to Buster here soon, you know, and they said, okay, that's fine. But according to the case file a call to Buster Myrdal in October, 2015 was never returned and in December following a front page story in the Hampton County, guardian MA received a tip called in at the direction of Randy Myrtle Buster's uncle, a man named Darrell Williams called a Hampton police officer to report the tip which involved two teens, Sean Connolly and Patrick Wilson in a recorded phone call the officer relays to Corporal Duncan.


What Williams told him, Darrell called me and he said, Patrick, come over here to the house. He said he that Sean Connolly was drunk and hit something. He went back the next day to see what it was he had hit and he seen a lot of police out there. Patrick was crying telling him and after he got finished telling the story, he walked outside his house and threw up. Did he go into any detail about how it happened? Supposedly he had fixed his mirror wanted the mirrors up up on the Truck. The side mirror story matched Steven's original death certificate. For reasons that are unclear, there is no record of Duncan or Proctor ever speaking to Connolly or Wilson.


Wilson had no comment to 48 hours messages to the Hampton County Sheriff's Office. Williams and Connolly have not been answered. Sandy Smith says she asked Sean Connolly point blank if he killed Steven and he said, He said, no ma'am, I did not. I give you my word. I promise you I never killed your son. Do you believe him? Yeah. If he lied to you, if that turns out to be the case, It won't be the first time I'm lied to, but you know If, you did it. You need to pay. In September, 2016, fed up with what she calls the lack of an investigation. Sandy began a letter writing campaign that included the FBI.


What did your letter say? I was just letting 'em know that my son was murdered and there's no progress being done and I think it had something to do with the Murdoch family and please help. Just please help me. Sandy also told the FBI. She believed someone was deliberately trying to derail the investigation. Did you ever get a response from the FBI? I did and I had two agents come to my house. She asked them to unlock Steven's phone and they did. Do you know if anyone actually was able to read Steven's text messages or see or he might have been based on cell phone evidence. What I heard from the FBI agent, there was a a lot of interesting information in the phone that needed to be looked at, But she says that didn't prompt a local or state authorities to pursue the case.


Further, There's something in that phone that nobody wants out there. By late 2016 the investigation into Steven Smith's death went cold. What do you think it took for Steven's case to finally get the attention it deserves that you wanted Somebody else had to die? What information do you think was found on Steven's phone chat now on Facebook and X? The murders of Paul and Maggie Murtaugh in June of 2021 caused a seismic shift in small town Hampton and gave Sandy Smith a lifeline she desperately needed.


Now it took this to get Steven's name back out there so somebody would start paying attention In a strange twist of fate while investigating the murders of Paula and Maggie Myrdal sled announced it had stumbled on a new lead in Steven's death and would be taking over the case. They did not say what that evidence was. It seems like all roads lead to the Murdoch family around here. Yes. Is that coincidence or is there a reason for that Around here? It's natural. It would be another two years while authorities focused on getting a conviction against Alec Murdoch, but Sandy now has a high octane legal team in her corner.


After eight years of waiting for your turn, Sandy Smith finally just had enough. Ronnie And I are like arsonists. We started the fire. Ronnie Richter and Eric Bland are representing Sandy pro bono. Our so goal was to re kindle the interest in Steven's death And they turned up the heat on sled in March of 2023. Sled publicly acknowledged it was treating Steven's case as a homicide. The same week Buster Medaugh released a statement through his father's attorney saying quote, these baseless rumors of my involvement with Steven and his death are false. I unequivocally deny any involvement in his death and my heart goes out to the Smith family.


Those words are now in cement. I take them in his word that he had nothing at all to do with Steven's death Rather than old rumors, bland and Richter say they're focusing on a new investigation made possible by $130,000 in GoFundMe donations from Sandy supporters, The resources were made available for us to do some private investigative work that's gonna start with hiring a pathology team. They were also able to have Steven's body exhumed something Sandy had wanted for years. Our primary function right now is to have a true independent set of eyes. Look at it and tell us once and for all what really happened to Steven Smith In April of 2023.


Dr. Michelle Dupree, a former investigator and forensic pathologist whose performs more than 3000 autopsies oversaw the examination of Steven's body. The Injuries can tell us so much about what happened And in this case they did. They did. Dupree says the autopsy confirmed Steven died from a single blow to his forehead, severely fracturing his skull. That's a Big Gash. That's seven and a half inches almost. There would be another gash in this posterior area from hitting the pavement so hard. He literally split his skull And split his skull.


They were also able to put to rest some rumors including the one that Steven had been beaten with a baseball bat. It wasn't a baseball bat, No. Those type of injuries would cause something that we call pattern injuries and we don't see that here. This is a linear fracture as well as this is here. Just as important as what they found Dupree says is what they didn't find. We didn't find fractures of any part of the body except for the head. There was a little road rash which you would expect. Any signs of a struggle? No. Any signs of a beating? No. Any injuries below his head other than the road rash? None whatsoever.


She says that eliminates the possibility Steven was hit by a car head on. Dupree says the findings also refute early theories that Steven's body might have been staged. Were you able to determine whether Steven was struck and fell or he might have been struck and then placed there? We don't Believe that he was placed there. We believe that whatever happened happened right there. Dr. Kenny Kinsey agrees to think he was killed. Right here. Right there. A crime scene expert and star prosecution witness in the MUR murder trial. Kinsey worked with Dupree to analyze Steven's case. He says the evidence at the scene is clear. That's a massive amount of blood and if he had that kind of injury somewhere else, it wouldn't be that uniform Due to their sensitive nature.


We created versions of the crime scene photos in which the blood and body are shown as graphics, The quantity of blood, the direction of the flow in the road, and then the direction of all the the blood on his person led me to the only conclusion. Kinzie's convinced an object attached to a vehicle traveling at high speed caused the single fatal blow to Steven's head, But whatever hit him was fast and it was large. So a hit and run, but an atypical hit and Run. Yeah, very atypical. A Hit and run with no vehicle debris at the scene. It's a conclusion no one was expecting. How confident are you that you know what happened to Steven Smith that night?


I'm as close to a degree of scientific certainty as I've ever felt. What no one can say with certainty is whether Steven's death was accidental or not, but still, Richter points out he was left there to die. Someone Left him in that condition in the roadway and that is a very serious felony. Steven's body was found about three miles from his car. Kinsey tried to retrace his steps. I wanted to walk every possible path that Mr. Smith may have taken. Steven's family has always insisted if Steven had car trouble, he would've felt safer walking through the woods.


So where was Steven's car? Steven's car was located If. you look at this gate here, it was not grown up then you could access that gate, but in this area really close to the woods. But to cut through the woods, Steven would've had to scale a fence that was eight feet tall. And from what I understand from interviewing neighbors, it's been there for well over a decade. Kinsey theorizes, Steven was walking along the road trying to flag someone down for help. He is walking this direction in the in the lane facing traffic, whatever was attached to the vehicle or hanging off of the vehicle. Whenever it struck Steven, he went down in, in this area somewhat on this line here.


The vehicle that struck Steven was coming toward him just like that vehicle in the photograph like this? Yes. Going that direction. Kinzie says, the evidence suggests the driver saw something in the road and changed lanes And sometime before it struck Steven. I believe it changed into the oncoming lane. That's when he says an object from the passenger side struck. Steven. What kind of object could It be? It could be anything. It could be a ladder hanging off the back of a work truck. It could be a extended side mirror, the metal type that you see on some farm vehicles or some larger vehicles.


That scenario matches up with the tip from 2015 involving Patrick Wilson and Sean Connolly, which Kinsey calls plausible. That certainly would be possible. That would be one of the places I would start. Sled has kept its investigation close to the vest, but Bland and Richter say a grand jury was imp paneled and is issuing subpoenas. They're honing in on specific individuals and I think there's about five or less that Sled believes has information regarding Steven's death. We don't know who those individuals are. In an interview on Fox Nation in August of 2023, Buster Murle again denied the rumors of his involvement.


I never Had anything to do with his murder and I never had anything to do with him on a physical level of of any regard. He also provided an alibi The night Steven was killed. I was at our Edisto beach house With your Family, with my mom and my brother. Sandy's team says it's turned over all of its findings to Sled. McKinzie says it's still going to take someone coming forward. Somebody knows. Oh, they know. Yes ma'am. Do you think Steven's death was an accident or intentional? See a timeline of theCase@fortyeighthours.com.


Hey, I'm Ryan Reynolds. Recently I asked Mint Mobile's legal team if big wireless companies are allowed to raise prices due to inflation. They said yes. And then when I asked if raising prices technically violates those onerous to your contracts, they said, what the fuck are you talking about? You Insane Hollywood? So to recap, we're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 front for three months plus taxes and fees promoting for new customers for limited time, unlimited more than 40 gigabytes per month slows full turns@mintmobile.com.


My dad works in B2B marketing. He came by my school for career day and said he was a big row as man. Then he told everyone how much he loved calculating his return on ad spend. My friends still laugh at me. To this day, Not everyone gets B2B, but with LinkedIn you'll be able to reach people who do get a hundred dollars credit on your next ad campaign. Go to linkedin.com/results to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/results. Terms and conditions apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be


As a grand jury zeroes in on potential suspects. In Steven Smith's death. The legal wrangling hasn't slowed down for Alec Murtaugh. You've got local charges, you've got state charges. The legal civil cases are gonna go on for years. On November 17th, 2023, I Am guilty and yes sir, Medaugh agreed to a plea deal encompassing all of the state financial charges he faced for defrauding and stealing millions from clients and law partners. He had previously pleaded guilty to 22 federal conspiracy wire fraud and money laundering charges. Alex prayed on the vulnerable whom he also thought would never figure out his schemes Correct.


It's people that are at the worst times of their lives where you need a lawyer to be the best for you, not the worst for you, Perhaps none more so than Elena and Hannah Plyler, who are now represented by Bland and Richter. They were the plyers. They were two young girls from Columbia. They were just 12 and eight when they survived a deadly crash due to a faulty tire. They killed their mother and 14-year-old brother in 2005 and became the youngest of the financial victims to whom Myrtle admitted he lied and stole from. When questioned at his murder trial, what Loss did they suffer?


Who died? Their mother. Their mother. Did. He only mentioned your mom. Yeah, that bothered me because you don't remember that a 14-year-old was killed in that wreck. Alec. He got a very good paycheck off of my brother's death. Both women are now mothers and Elena is a detective with the Lexington County Sheriff's Office. Since all of this has come out, there's a lot of pain that's still there. Elena was old enough to remember the details of the last road trip she and her sister would ever take with their mom and brother. My brother and I had gotten into an argument I wanted to start sitting in the front seat and we fought about it and fought about it, and finally mom was like, you know what, Justin's gonna ride on the way to Columbia.


And on the way back home, Elena gets to ride up front and I was so happy. Elena and Hannah, who were still sitting in the back seat, survive the crash. So you must think about that all the time. I do. I actually had a lot of guilt for several years. That guilt is something she says she's learned to let go as she recounts her and her little sister's harrowing, survival. We hadn't been on the road too long. Hannah was sleeping and I was listening to Usher and I remember mom saying, Laney, you awake? And so I remember pulling my headphones down and said, yeah, mom. Within seconds I heard this loud pop. And then I immediately heard my mom scream.


I looked out the window and my usher CD was spinning on a tree limb. Their mother, Angela and brother Justin died Instantly. Elena realized She was trapped and couldn't move and had to send Hannah for help. I said, I need you to get out of the car and I need you to go to the top of the hill to the interstate and you're Only 12. I'm 12. Right? So many things could have went worse. 8-year-old Hannah climbed up to the interstate. There was an 18 wheeler and I was able to flag him down and I think by that point an ambulance had came in and they had taken me to the hospital.


Elena waited alone until the fire rescue team arrived and cut her out of the wreckage. She watched as they removed her mother and brother, And so I watched them, put them in a black body bag. She was then airlifted to a hospital and would need numerous surgeries. What was the moment like when you were able to see each other again after that? I remember it. I remember hugging her and thanking her for not dying, for not leaving me. And then from there I was just in the hospital bed with you. You, you couldn't keep us apart. The sisters say they were passed around to live with family members. We didn't have a bedroom.


You just had each other. Just each other. Yeah. We lived at a little plastic bin. When a family friend referred the plyers to Alec Murle, he promised to change all of that. Do you remember the first time you met Alec Murle? Yeah. I remember when he walked in, he seemed really arrogant like a bulldog, just tall, almost intimidating in a sense. He told us they took your family from you and we're gonna make this right. They're gonna pay To two young girls who had lost everything. Medaugh seemed larger than life. I always felt at peace when I got to talk to Alec, people listened to him. You could tell there was a lot of control there.


How did he earn your trust? Really with his words. He was a smooth talker and he made you feel special. But once the case settled, the special treatment stopped And he pretty much checked out. He had explained that the case had settled. We won big money. LAN's case settled for $4.7 million. You know Hannah's for right at $3 million. That money was then entrusted to Russell Lafe. Lafitte was the CEO of Palmetto State Bank in Hampton and a close friend of Myrtle who'd handpicked Lafitte to manage the funds as conservator until the girls turned 18.


So these two very wealthy, prominent men basically helped themselves to these kids piggy bank. Any money they needed had to be approved by Lafitte and a judge. Even if it was a dollar, we had to have a receipt for it. When you and Eric took on their case, what did you discover? Russell was making loans to Alex. Alex would be overdrawn 50,000, a hundred thousand, $300,000 in his personal account and he needed money to cover those shorts. Richter says that at Murtaugh's direction, Lafitte transferred nearly $1.5 million from the Plyler money to Alec Murtaugh and himself.


When it came time for these young ladies to turn 18, the money was supposed to be there. So Alex had to go out and steal new money from different clients and put that money back. Murda was never charged for Hannah and Alina's case, but Lafitte was convicted on federal charges for his role. But still there's that toll of how do you trust going forward? People were put in a position of trust on their be behalfs when they were just children, and then to learn as an adult that the entire time they saw you as nothing more than a checkbook. While the Plyers can begin to heal, Sandy Smith still waits for her Day of reckoning.


All this sweeping drama. There's answers and there's closure for everybody else, but not for Sandy Smith. Time to put the spotlight on Steven Smith.


The less your business spends, the more margin you keep But. today everything costs more So. smart businesses are graduating to NetSuite by Oracle. NetSuite is the number one cloud financial system. bringing accounting, financial management inventory HR into one proven platform, helping you reduce it costs, maintenance costs, and manual errors. Over 37,000 companies have already made the move to NetSuite backed by popular demand. NetSuite has extended Its one of a kind flexible financing program for a few weeks. More. Head to NetSuite dot com slash cbs net NetSuite dot com slash cbs net.


Okay. Most Americans think they spend about $62 per month on subscriptions. But get this, the real number is closer to $300. That is literally thousands of dollars a year, half of which you've probably forgotten about Thankfully. Rocket. Money could find a bunch of subscriptions you've forgotten all about and then help you cancel the ones you don't want anymore. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so that you can grow your savings. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to Rocket Money dot com slash Wondery. That's Rocket Money dot com slash Wondery. Rocket Money dot com slash Wondery.


Months after his blockbuster trial, Alec Murdoch Verdict, guilty Convicted double murderer. Alec Murdoch and the crime of the century are still Hampton's biggest attractions. Almost every day somebody's coming by taking a picture of the law firm or riding out the mole, taking pictures. They just can't get enough. The Murtaugh craze was on full display at an auction for the family's personal items from their Moel property. The infamous leather couch set where Alec testified he took a cat nap while his wife and son were murdered, sold for $30,000. And Maggie's dog Bubba, who helped prosecutors prove Alec was actually at the crime scene, has become a local folk hero At that rambunctious yellow Lab.


Hadn't have been doing what labs like to do Chase birds. We might not have solved this case and we might not have gotten a conviction. A voice calling Bubba was caught in the background of phone video. Paul took minutes before he was killed. Bubba and the other dogs at the kennels, they were witnesses to a very horrific event. Bubba now lives a quiet life with the Murtaugh's housekeeper. Meanwhile, Alec Medaugh is serving two life terms in a maximum security prison. Do you think Alec Medaugh still thinks he can try to play the system? A hundred percent.


Now, Murr's attorneys are hoping their latest motion will be a get out of jail free card. We're focused on getting him a new trial. In September, 2023, Dick Harlean and Jim Griffin announced their motion for a new trial based on allegations of jury tampering by the Colleton County Clerk of Court, Becky Hill. What we had filed today supported by sworn testimony of jurors, is that the clerk of court had improper private communications with the jurors, the State versus Richard Alexander Murdoch defendant. They argued that Hill violated Murdoch's right to a fair trial when she allegedly told jurors not to be fooled by his testimony and to watch his body language as Alec was about to take the stand.


I'm Alec Murdoch. In a signed affidavit, he'll denies all of the defense allegations and voluntary statements from a majority of the jury support Hill's account. Rick Duran Bland say even a new trial can save Alec Murdoch. If the motor conviction's overturned, then you have the financial crimes. So yes, there's a theoretical universe in in which Alex Murdoch could see the sun again. But it's theoretical only 'cause it's like rearranging the the deck chairs on the Titanic. Feal If. you were to write a made for TV Southern legal drama.


You, you couldn't have done a better job than this. Dewitt writes about it in his book, the Fall of the House of Murtaugh, which he ends with Steven Smith. It's kind of interesting and tragic that the oldest story remains unsolved solving his murder. I think this will be the end of this sweeping saga. As Sled continues its investigation of the Smith case behind closed doors, what investigators found after the Mur murders remains the subject of intense speculation. Do you have any idea what the new evidence that may be presented to the grand jury is?


No. I do know that Sled has Steven's phone. I know that they have Steven's tablet. Could Steven's phone reveal the identity of the prominent person with whom he told Sandy he'd planned to go deep sea fishing? That'll be interesting. What Sled has found out and what the grand jury is gonna determine whether the person that he was gonna go away with deep sea fishing had anything to do with his death or his knowledge of his death. How has this fight for justice been? Oh, It has been a long road, but it's worth it. Sandy is keeping the faith and keeping Steven's memory alive.


She recently established a college scholarship in his name. We are starting this scholarship fund so other children won't have it as hard as Steven did, And she's offering a $30,000 reward for information leading to an arrest And now it's your turn. That If, you know something that you say something. What do you miss most about Steven? Oh, Just I miss everything about him. Know. What do you think Steven would think of your fight where we are today? In his case, He said, oh mama, you would do that for me?


Yep. Yep, I would. Over and over If. you have information about the Stephen Smith case, please email tips at sc gov. Alex Murtaugh's request for a new trial for the murder of his wife and son was denied earlier this year in July, he asked the South Carolina Supreme Court to review that decision. If, you like this podcast? You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


I'm Dan tab Bursky. In 2011, something strange began to happen at the high school in Leroy, New York. I was like at my locker and she came up to me and She was like, stuttering super bad. I'm like, stop around. She's like, I, I, I, I, I Can't. A mystery illness, bizarre symptoms and spreading fast. It's Like doubling and tripling and it's all these girls With a diagnosis. The state tried to keep on the down low. Everybody Thought I was holding something back. Well, You were holding something back intentionally. Yeah, yeah. Well, yeah. No, it's hysteria. It's all in your head. It's not physical. You. Oh my gosh, you're exaggerating. Is this the largest mass hysteria since the witches of Salem or is it something else entirely? Something's wrong here. Something's not right. Leroy was the new dateline and everyone was trying to solve the murder. A new limited series from Wondery and Pineapple Street Studios. Hysterical. Follow hysterical on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of hysterical early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.


Was there a crime committed? As far as I'm concerned, there wasn't Guilty by design dives into the wild story of Alexander and Frank Interior designers, who in the eighties landed the jackpot of all clients. We went to bed one night and the next morning we woke up as one of the most wanted people in the United States. What are they guilty of? You can listen to Guilty by Design exclusively and ad free on Wondery Plus. join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify, Paramount Podcasts.