
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


Even If. you love the thrill of true crime stories as much as I do. There are times when you wanna mix it up, and that's where Audible comes in with all the genres you love and new ones to discover. Explore thousands of audio books, podcasts, and originals with more added all the time. Listening to Audible can lead to positive change in your mood, your habits, and even your overall wellbeing. And, you can enjoy Audible anytime while doing household chores, exercising, commuting, You. name it. There's more to imagine when you listen. Sign up for a free 30 day Audible trial and your first audio book is free. Visit Audible dot ca.


In the upcoming episode of Killer Psyche, we will be diving deep into the unfolding case of accused Gilgo Beach Serial killer Rex Erman. Follow killer psyche. Wherever you get your podcast, you can listen to Killer Psyche and more Exhibit C. True crime shows early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.


I hate seeing people get away with stuff and I like figuring stuff out. My name is Ian ilo and I was the lead detective in the Sarah Harris case. Sarah Harris She was incredibly bright. One should always pursue knowledge no matter the topic. Very energetic, very fun. Did Sarah have any idea how beautiful She was? Honestly, I don't think she did. Sarah Jane Harris. Sarah hopes to become an anesthesiologist. She was shocked that she wanted to miss Marilyn Petite pageant.


She had thought from a very young age that she would wanna be a doctor. She wanted to help people In 2020. Sarah needed wisdom teeth pulled. She initially met James Ryan as a patient at his oral surgery practice. I'm James Ryan. I mean, it's not just that we say that we care, but we really do. We take Pride. Dr. James Ryan was a well-respected oral surgeon. A lot of people knew him and thought very highly of him, So she gets the teeth done. She starts getting all these text messages and they're from Dr. Ryan and then he says, by the way, I'm looking to hire someone as a surgical assistant.


Do You know anyone? She says something like, well, what about me mom? And he offered her the job. She then became an employee, and then his girlfriend and his living girlfriend. Sarah's life appeared glamorous on the outside, but behind closed doors. I mean, that wasn't necessarily the case. I would've never, ever thought that her life would end the way it did. Montgomery County 9 1 1. My girlfriend, I think overdosed. I'm trying to resuscitate her right now. And what is your first and last name? James Ryan. I'm doing no compression. And is she?


She's responsive. Is she breathing? She is not breathing. When the two responding officers got to the house, they saw Sarah. She's laying on the floor. What did authorities think had happened to Sarah that day? She overdosed And we don't know if it's an accident, if it's suicide or if it's a homicide. The decision was made to charge him with depraved heart murder. I think most of our audience will have never heard of depraved heart murder. I have never seen it before. You have to show an extreme indifference to human life. James Ryan provided those drugs that caused her death.


That doesn't mean he's guilty of murder. Another way of presenting this case would be he never intended to hurt her. I knew this was not just some simple accidental overdose. This was much more Nikki. Battiste reports. The, Depraved, Heart Murder. Was she sleeping on the couch last night? Yeah, She was. Do that. Sometimes It's the morning of January 26th, 2022.


Sarah Harris lies unresponsive on the floor of the room in disarray. Her boyfriend, Dr. James Ryan Tearfully talks with police at the scene. The conversation is recorded on a body camera as they ask him about the night before We're watching TV and that she said, you should probably go to bed because you're tired and you have to work tomorrow. So I did. What time did you go to bed? Probably about 10 or 11. Ryan has already told authorities he's a doctor and that he thinks it's an overdose and he says It's happened before, And I did CPR and brought her back. This time Sarah doesn't survive.


Dr. Ryan has suggested where she got at least one of her drugs of choice, a powerful anesthetic. She used to take propofol too. She used to steal that from my office. How they got into her body. I've caught her before with like injecting herself with things And why She was bipolar also so she could be really angry or could be really happy. Ryan had called Sarah's family with the awful news that morning, but her mother, Tina just didn't believe anything he said. She immediately suspected James Ryan was responsible for Sarah's death.


She arrived at the scene about 20 minutes later, I started kicking and hitting him and screaming at Garrett. Let's, let's sit down. Let's sit down. What's sit down? What did he say happened? He said he went to bed and left her alone and came down and She was unresponsive in the morning. Authorities say they found wrappers from syringes, tourniquets, and saline bags next to the kitchen sink and drug vials in Sarah's purse.


Tina thinks Ryan arranged it that way. He wanted to look like it was a suicide. Tina had long held suspicions about Dr. Ryan. He had encountered Sarah Harris more than a year earlier, not as a girlfriend, but as a patient to get her wisdom teeth out. Dr. Ryan is somebody who's practiced for over 20 years. He has incredible credentials. Mary EDI is a former prosecutor and defense attorney and a CBS news consultant. We asked her to use her decades of courtroom experience to help analyze this case. He's esteemed and regarded in his community as one of the best at at what he does. Tina Harris says the first time her daughter met Dr. Ryan for her teeth in the summer of 2020.


The doctor was professional, but she does remember at the time feeling it was curious when his interest in Sarah seemed to change. She starts getting all these text messages. He asks her, how are you doing? And she says, I'm fine. And he starts sending little emojis. What are you thinking as her mom? I thought it was a little bizarre that he added a little happy face, and I thought, well, maybe he just likes using emojis. She says, that's when Ryan had mentioned he was looking to hire someone as a surgical assistant. I thought, well, You know maybe he just thinks that she'd really be a good addition. Dr. Ryan hardly seemed like a threat. He was divorced with three grown children and was involved with a woman with whom he already had a baby.


At 47. He was more than twice Sarah's age. He says, no, I don't need your resume. Just come on in for a working interview. I said, well, I'm proud of you, honey. That's pretty incredible. He's gonna teach you all this stuff. At the beginning, Sarah seemed to love the job, but Tina says, as the holidays approached, an extravagant gift re-triggered her suspicion that Dr. Ryan's interest in Sarah was more than professional. What was It? A diamond necklace. That's quite a gift. I said, okay, he's after you. I said, you gotta put your foot down Instead. In early 2021 she says, Sarah announced she had agreed to go out for a meal with Ryan who was ending his other relationship.


He seemed to win over Sarah and Tina admits in their early days as a couple even she found him impressive as a mother was a part of you excited. She was dating a doctor. Well, I was excited. I was excited because he had a wonderful reputation And she says Ryan was generous. He would lease Sarah a new car and take her and her family on trips, all expenses paid. Tina says in a way he spent time courting her too. You know. He would say, I would love to have you as my mom. Sarah's so blessed to have you. Tina says She and Sarah always had a special bond. We were very, very close.


She says Sarah was close to her three siblings too, especially older sister Rachel. Rachel took it upon herself that She was gonna be the protector, But there had been a rough period during Sarah's youth in suburban Maryland. Like many young people, she experimented with drugs and had problems moderating her mood. She suffered from anxiety. When did she first struggle with depression? I noticed depression coming about when She was about 14, 15 years old. She would start feeling down, But Tina says Sarah still excelled in high school craving knowledge and the skills that came with it.


It's currently hanging in the Louvre in Paris. She learned German, Spanish, Russian and sign language. Happy Birthday to you. She put a lot of pressure on herself, especially with her grades. Before long, Sarah got her social bearings. She fell into a great group of kids. They would sit out in the living room and play the guitar, play the piano sing. She was at a music festival in 2018 when 21-year-old Sarah caught the eye of Henry Peterson. Seven years older. I feel like it was like stars colliding and meeting someone like you're supposed to meet.


They lived seven hours apart, but he says they quickly became emotionally inseparable. We talked about everything you could think of in terms of future marriage and children and family. He says the distance eventually made them drift. Peterson broke it off though. He says he still imagined they would end up together. She and I never stopped talking. The love was always there. By her mid twenties, Sarah had gotten into modeling and competing in beauty pageants, and in 2020 she'd won that Miss Marilyn Petite pageant. The next year is when she started quietly seeing Dr. Ryan and by that summer they had decided to live together And that's when everything goes downhill


In the Pacific Ocean. Halfway between Peru and New Zealand lies a tiny volcanic island. It's a little known British territory called Pitcan, and it harbored a deep, dark scandal. The wouldn't be a girl on Pitcan once they reached the age of 10, that would still a virgin. It just happens to all. I'm journalist Luke Jones and for almost two years I've been investigating a shocking story that has left deep scars on generations of women and girls from Pitcan. When There's nobody watching, nobody going to report it, people will get away with what they can get away With. In the Pitcan Trials, I'll be uncovering a story of abuse and the fight for justice that has brought a unique lonely Pacific Island to the brink of extinction. Listen to the Pitcan Trials exclusively on Wondery Plus. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify.


Are you in trouble with the law? Need a lawyer who will fight like hell to keep you outta jail. We Defend and we fight just like you'd want your own children. D defended, whether you're facing a drug charge, caught up on a murder wrap, accused of committing war crimes, look no further than Paul Berggren. All the big guys go to Bergen 'cause he gets everybody off. You name it Paul can do it. Need to launder some money. Broker a deal with a drug cartel. Take out a witness from wondering the makers of Doctor death. And over my dead body comes a new series about a lawyer who broke all the rules. Isn't it funny how witnesses disappear or how evidence doesn't show up or somebody doesn't testify Correctly in order to win at all costs? If Paul asked you to do something, it wasn't a request, it was an order. I'm your host, Brandon Jens Jenkins. Follow Criminal Attorney on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to Criminal Attorney early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts


By the end of the summer of 2021, Tina Harris says James Ryan was dominating Sarah's life boss boyfriend even letting her live rent free in his house. But instead of flourishing, Sarah seemed anxious and depressed. She saw a psychiatrist who gave her that bipolar diagnosis. Her complexion starts to change. She starts to lose weight On a family trip to Key West that September, Tina says Sarah had been asleep when a drunk Dr. Ryan revealed something unsettling. He had first noticed Sarah in the park when She was just 14.


I used to see Sarah walking the neighborhood and playing at the park with her friends, and he says, then I found out she worked in the toy store, so I would take my kids there so I could see her. And I remember when she dressed up as Elsa from Frozen as she looked just like Elsa. And then he said, yeah, and then I found out she worked at one of these restaurants, and so I would go in there for dinner so I could get her as my server. It sounds like Dr. Ryan was obsessed with Sarah. He was. He was very much so. By their next trip to Florida, a month later, she says Sarah was acting strangely.


She wore a bulky long sleeve sweatshirt despite the heat, and it seemed like she and Ryan were always fighting And she goes, I hate him. I don't wanna be here. I wanna go home. And when they returned to Maryland, Tina saw the full horrifying picture of what Sarah's life had become. She says she called Sarah on October 28th, 2021 Phone rang, rang, rang. She finally picked up. She could barely talk. Her words were extremely slurred. So I said, Sarah, what's going on? What's wrong with you? She goes, oh, I'm just really tired, mom. You knew something was Wrong. Yeah, well, I knew She was slurring.


Tina says, she and Rachel left for Sarah's house minutes later And we walked into hell. What did you see? Well, Sarah answers the door. She smells, it looks like she hadn't bathed in a week or more. She looked horrible. She'd weighed 120 when she'd had oral surgery with Ryan. Tina says, but Sarah was skin and bones now. And Tina says There was more The ivy bags, needles laying all over the floor, syringes, tourniquets, bloody footprints, bloody paper towels, And there were drugs, bottles and vials everywhere.


Rachel gathered them up and photographed them. I never looked at the drugs and I wish I had I. Do think some people watching would think, how did you not look at what the drugs were? Of course, I just wanted to get her out. She says, Sarah had offered an innocent if unconvincing explanation. She goes, I've just been dehydrated, mom. He's just hydrating me. I said, I'm turning him in. And Sarah starts crying. Mom, you can't do that. Please don't do that. She's begging me. I grabbed her arms and I pulled her sleeves up and she had needle marks from here to here all over her arms, bruises. I became hysterical Against her. Better judgment. Tina agreed to hold off on calling authorities, but she says she insisted.


Sarah move back home just days later. Tina says, Ryan convinced Sarah to come back to him in the following weeks. Tina says, Sarah seemed to be getting better. She started cooking, eating, even going to church. But on December 3rd, 2021, Tina says her daughter answered the phone slurring again. Rachel Harris jumped into action. Rachel said, I'm gonna go and check on her. When Rachel got there, It was worse than the first time Poking around the ground floor.


Rachel once again pulled out her camera finding drug bottles and vials as well as a saline bag, an IV pole, IV needles, and bloody footprints on a kitchen mat She was so distraught she left without talking to her sister. A few days later, Tina confronted Dr. James Ryan She was in no mood for another explanation. I Just reached across and smacked the living crap out of him. You hit him? Yeah. Oh, I hit him and I said, what are you doing? Are you trying to kill my daughter? Tina says, Ryan still insisted he'd only been hydrating her and he still believed it.


I believed he was giving her something. I didn't know what it was. I did not look at the vase. All I could see was my daughter and what kind of trouble She was in. But the next day she says, Ryan admitted he'd been doing more than hydrating her. He'd been giving Sarah drugs though only to keep her from getting them someplace else. So I told him, I said, look, you can break it off with my daughter Or I'm calling the police. And he said, well, I'll break it off with her. But days turned into weeks and Dr. Ryan never did. After months of tension, Tina says she couldn't keep arguing with her daughter anymore. What was I gonna do?


Lock her up. You probably wanted To. I threatened it and she said, If, you do that, mom. When I get out, you'll never hear from me again. and that scared me to death. Within weeks, there was a new tragedy for the Harris family. Sarah's brother Christopher, just 38, died after a heart attack in Montana. I had to sign the papers to take 'em off. Life support, which no mother should have to tell.


His death was devastating to the whole family. Sarah posted this tribute message to her brother, never. Goodbye. I'll see you soon, big bro. And only 18 days after Christopher's death At about 8:30 AM on January 26th, 2022, Tina says she and Rachel were together. When Rachel got James Ryan's call, Rachel started screaming. She's holding the phone and James has sit on FaceTime and he's got the camera pointed at my baby.


Had Sarah on the ground saying she's gone. She's gone on. At the time of her death, Sarah Harris weighed just 83 pounds. Authorities would list her manner of death as undetermined. Dr. Ryan was not arrested. They seemed to accept his story that Sarah struggling with mental health issues had overdosed, but there would be help from a most unlikely investigator. Rachel started trying to get into Sarah's iCloud.


Yeah, I just hope that you're happy that I'm with someone who truly, truly loves me. Three months before she died, Sarah left a voicemail for her ex-boyfriend, Henry Peterson. I've never trusted anybody as much as I trusted the man that I'm with right now, professionally, emotionally, to never let me in that way They'd stayed in touch after breaking up. So when she didn't answer her phone after January of 2022, Peterson says he had a strange feeling and decided to go online.


I Googled her name and there's an obituary There. Yeah, He says, when Tina gave him details, he joined her in the belief that James Ryan, the man Sarah, said she had trusted more than anybody else, was responsible for her death upstairs, but first responders didn't think so. They didn't shut it down as a crime scene. Police seized some drug vials but left the house unguarded. Tina says that's because they believed what Dr. Ryan had told them about where she'd gotten the drugs and how she'd taken them. It was an overdose, But she says she knew there was more to it than that, though she didn't know how to prove it.


Turns out there was someone very close to her who did? Rachel told me she would find the evidence. Rachel Harris decided to examine Sarah's laptop to see if it might contain clues. Authorities hadn't seen. She didn't know the password, but she knew her sister. Well, It took her about a couple of days to figure out Sarah's password. Combing through Sarah's computer and iCloud, Rachel hit pay dirt, a trove of texts between her sister and James Ryan. The messages were full of references to drugs including a tranquilizer named diazepam and two fast acting surgical anesthetics, the type Rachel had seen in the home.


Dr. Ryan and Sarah shared propofol and ketamine, which is sometimes also used for depression. Rachel created a binder adding the photos she'd taken there. Rachel compiled 200 pages of evidence. The medical examiner would release Sarah's autopsy report, which showed those same three drugs in Sarah's system. Research suggests they can all be habit forming and they can suppress breathing. Taking them in combination can be lethal. All the while Rachel's building Yes, a case. Yes. Yes. In February, 2022, Rachel gave her binder to Montgomery County Police.


It eventually landed on the desk of Detective Ian Avelo, an expert in pharmaceutical investigations. After more than 33 years as a cop, Akeo was nearing retirement. He decided to come in alone on a Sunday. It was my birthday and nothing was going on. You don't get parties when you're this age. I'm like, I'm just gonna go in the office and look through this binder and just see What Iqo saw in Rachel's binder. Suggested cops at the scene had been wrong about Sarah's death. He says, reading the text between Sarah and James Ryan was like watching a murder in slow motion. You could see Sarah die.


Sarah is suffering. Within the first month of their relationship. She had anxiety. She was having trouble sleeping. Ryan offers a quick fix. I can give you an injection. The anxiety will be completely gone in six seconds. He writes, it will work. Let's try it. He had already made the decision. I Cabello says the text suggests that over the months, Sarah developed a drug habit and a habit of asking her boyfriend the doctor to feed it in October, 2021. Do we have ketamine here in November? We need syringes. I feel like in December I just really need sleep.


She writes, can you bring propofol? She's actively asking for drugs. At no point does he say No. I Coveo says the tech suggests Dr. Ryan often brought Sarah the dangerous drugs and that he actually administered at least one about a month before her death. It was December 20th, 2021. If, you wake up. I just went to change after I gave you Ketamine just now. He writes, He's injecting her while she's asleep. No monitoring, no anything. And I covelo points to this exchange from the day before Sarah died. Is it possible to bring home Ketamine when you come?


She asks, yes, I will bring some home. I love you baby. Ryan replies, the texts tell a story. They do. So do Rachel's photos from Sarah's house says Ilo. Though his colleagues lacking experience in pharmaceutical investigations might not have understood that They had no idea what they were really looking at. He says Patrol cops and paramedics often deal with overdoses of street drugs like heroin and fentanyl. But the deadly drugs in Sarah Harris's house were masquerading as something else. There's a difference between drugs and medication.


Velo says to the untrained eye, the drugs at Sarah's looked like medication. The paraphernalia around the house might have been confusing too. Usually what we see is burnt spoons, tinfoil, some hypodermic needles, maybe a shoelace or some other string, that kind of drug paraphernalia. But to I caveo the syringes and the saline. The professional tourniquets and the plastic wrappers at Sarah's made it resemble an operating room. That's what a lot of it looked like. Whatever questions responding authorities may have had. He says, Dr. Ryan offered answers. And you've got James saying she did all of this without any other information.


Okay, well, we're just kinda gonna go with what he says. He's a doctor. He's a doctor. But Avelo says, after reading through the family's binder, any credibility Dr. Ryan May have had that day vanished. And on March 22nd, 2022, nearly two months after Sarah's death, James Ryan was arrested for the murder of Sarah Harris. But prosecutors would have to make the case to a jury. Sometimes It's hard to convince them, maybe especially so in this case because James Ryan's defense is suggesting he was only trying to save Sarah's life and that she had other ideas.


What do you make of those text messages between Sarah and Dr. Ryan? Chat now with the 48 hours team on Facebook and X


At a time when we're debating where policing is going, we're gonna tell you where the police came from. They wanted me to write about the New York City Police Department, but without using the words violence or corruption, which is effectively impossible, A story of how the largest and most influential police department in the country became one of the most violent and corrupt organizations in the world. Doesn't matter if you're You know a self emancipated law person or if you're a free or they're just sending people back to the cell, kidnapping them. When officers with the power to fight, the danger become the danger. I was terrified. I'm not gonna talk to the police 'cause they're the ones who were perpetrating this. Who am I gonna talk to From Wondery and Crooked Media? I'm Chen Jra Kika, and this is Empire City, the untold origin story of the NYPD. Follow Empire City on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen early and ad free on Wondery Plus. Right now, join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts.


As a kid growing up in Chicago, there was one horror movie I was too scared to watch. It was called Candyman. The Scary Cult Classic was set in the Chicago Housing Project. It was about this supernatural killer who would attack his victims if they said his name five times into a bathroom mirror. Candyman Candyman Candy. Now we all know chanting the name wont make a killer magically appear. But did You know that the movie Candyman was partly inspired by an actual murder? I was struck by both how spooky it was, but also how outrageous it was. We're gonna talk to the people who were there and we're also going to uncover the larger story. My architect was shocked when he saw how this was created. Literally Shocked and will look at what the story tells us about injustice in America. If, You really believed in tough on crime, then you wouldn't make it easy to crawl into medicine cabinets and kill our women. Listen to Candyman, the true story behind the bathroom Mirror murder early and ad free on Wondery Plus in the Wondery app.


I knew The case was solid. Detective Ian Velo was sure. Dr. James Ryan was responsible for Sarah Harris's death and he had no problem convincing prosecutors on Montgomery County's overdose task force. Jennifer Harrison. It's his fault James Dietrich. He was the one who was providing those drugs And Kimberly Sissel, he knew How dangerous these drugs were. Ryan was a doctor after all, but as certain as prosecutors were that he knew he was risking Sarah's life, they had no conclusive evidence he intended to kill her. We never suggested that you can accept that James Ryan loved Sarah Harris, but it does not excuse all the other actions that he took that led to Sarah's Sarah's death.


So they charged Ryan with a subcategory of second degree murder. Unfamiliar to many people, it's known as depraved heart murder. Prosecutors say the charge doesn't require proving the killer actually wanted anyone dead. Only that they knew their actions would likely kill someone and didn't care. We have to prove that he did it with reckless disregard for the value of her life. Dietrich gave us an example. For Instance, if I take a gun and just randomly shoot it into a crowd, I may not necessarily want or care that anybody dies, but that is such a grossly reckless act that someone's likely to die. Prosecutors also charge Ryan with a slightly lesser charge, involuntary manslaughter, plus two counts of drug distribution and one count of possession with intent to distribute.


Ladies and gentlemen, meet Dr. James Bryan. Opening statements begin on August 16th, 2023. There are no cameras in court, but there is an audio recording. But behind closed doors, he was conducting a deadly medical experiment. On his 25-year-old patient turned, employee turned living girlfriend. The prosecution portrays Ryan as a controlling older man who got his glamorous young girlfriend hooked on drugs. He was stealing dangerous sedation drugs from his business and administering them to his girlfriend Sarah Harris.


Prosecutors say the proof of Ryan's guilt is largely in those text messages. Ryan offering to get rid of Sarah's anxiety in six seconds. Telling her he gave her Ketamine while She was sleeping and on the night before her body was found apparently agreeing to bring Ketamine home to her. Can You tell us about Sarah? I don't know where to start. I was the first to testify. She was my baby. Tina Harris is emotional as she relives Sarah's downward spiral just months before dying.


I asked to see her arms and she said, no mama. But I grabbed her arm and I pulled up the sleeves and her little arms were covered in needle marks and bruises, And the medical examiner tells the jury about the dangerous drug cocktail that brought her life to a tragic end. When people use all three together, those just cause profound, strong sedation. The drugs can be so dangerous. In fact, the prosecution tells jurors that doctors who use these drugs have equipment and protocols in place to revive patients if needed.


Even though Dr. Ryan would follow all of those safety protocols in his own office, he would never follow those at home. She was chemically dependent. She Was chemically dependent on him. Prosecutors also call social worker Janice Miller, who says that kind of power imbalance is a hallmark of abusive relationships. The drugs were the way that he controlled her and really ensured that she wouldn't leave the relationship. He's created an addict. Dr. Ryan and his attorneys did not agree to be interviewed by 48 hours, but at trial, they argue Sarah Harris may have played an important role in her own demise, suggesting that after wrestling with mental illness, She was now losing her battle with anxiety, depression, and drugs.


Their focus on Sarah Harris is obviously her mental illness. The defense suggests Sarah May have begun stealing the drugs herself. They want the jury to know about her Facebook post about seeing her deceased brother soon, but the judge won't allow it. But they are allowed to tell jurors about a text Sarah sent Ryan months before her death. She says, I've lost my will to live. I've lost my will to live. Do you think there's any chance Sarah was suicidal? Absolutely not. Absolutely not. Where's the indication of a suicide on the scene?


There is none. Detective Icao says The drug bottles found in Sarah's purse were too far from her body for her to have given them to herself. These drugs are fast acting. She's gonna be out in seconds. How she put all the medication in her purse then went and laid down. Not possible. She wouldn't have cleaned up if somebody else had to have done it. But according to CBS news consultant Mary Ful, the defense argues that detectives mishandled the scene that there's no way to know exactly what happened, including who administered the fatal dose.


They didn't test to see if his DNA or fingerprints were on those syringes. Dr. Ryan chooses not to testify. The defense argues he was a loving partner who was just trying to help Sarah. This is a case about caring for somebody and and possibly loving them to death. His lawyers call a friend who saw Sarah using drugs before she began dating Ryan and a relative who saw them as a happy couple. In closings, prosecutors remind the jury that to convict Ryan of depraved heart murder, it doesn't matter whether or not he actually put the drugs in Sarah's body or even whether or not he wanted her to die. The act of giving her the drugs is him handing her a loaded gun.


But would the jury agree? If, you were a juror in this case. What would be your verdict and why? Learn more about theCase@fortyeighthours.com.


Hotshot Australian attorney Nicola Gaba was born into legal royalty, her specialty, representing some of the city's most infamous gangland criminals. However, while Nicola held the Underworlds Darkest Secrets, the most dangerous secret was her own. She's going to all the major groups within Melbourne's underworld and she's informing on them all. I'm Marsha Clark, host of the new podcast, informants Lawyer X. In my long career in criminal justice as a prosecutor and defense attorney, I've seen some crazy cases and this one belongs right at the top of the list. She was Addicted to the game she had created. She just didn't know how to stop. Now, through dramatic interviews and access, I'll reveal the truth behind one of the world's most shocking legal scandals. Listen to informants lawyer X exclusively on Wondery Plus. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify and listen to more exhibit C. True crime shows early and ad free.


Right now In a quiet suburb, a community is shattered by the death of a beloved wife and mother. But this tragic loss of life quickly turns into something even darker. Her husband had tried to hire a hitman on the dark web to kill her, and she wasn't the only target because buried in the depths of the internet is the kill list. A cache of chilling documents containing names, photos, addresses, and specific instructions for people's murders. He turns to a journalist for help. That's me. Carmela Kill List is a true story of how one writer uncovers a global conspiracy. Taking matters into his own hands to warn those whose lives are in danger. And it turns out convincing a total stranger someone wants them dead is not easy. Follow kill list on the Wander app or wherever you get your podcasts, you can binge all episodes of Kill List early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.


I try to believe the best in people and For as long as Kyle Stevens can remember his friend Dr. James Ryan has done right by people. He was pretty straight laced, clean cut guy. When he talked about Sarah, how did he sound In the beginning? He seemed enthusiastic and excited, But Steven says at a certain point, Ryan did reach out with a concern. He had asked about how to best be helpful and supportive to someone in that place of depression and possibly addiction. Did it make you wonder if he was actually asking about Sarah? Yeah, but I didn't press So.


Steven says he had no idea what was really going on between the two. Then he discovered his friend was arrested and headed to trial. When you heard the verdict, what did you think? I was taken back After a nearly two week trial. It takes jurors less than three hours to reach their decision Up to count one murder in second degree guilty. On August 25th, 2023, they find James Ryan guilty of the second degree depraved heart murder of Sarah Harris Police.


Yeah, relief. They also convict Ryan on the manslaughter and drug charges. My heart Just felt satisfied. Sarah's voice was heard through this. Tina and Rachel speak at a press conference after the verdict. She was this beautiful beauty queen and she wasted away at the hands of Dr. James Ryan And again at sentencing months later. He's a friend. He is a wolf and she's floating please behind bars until his life is.


But James Ryan's lawyers had submitted supportive letters from his friends and illegal filing, which detailed that James Ryan had his own struggles with drugs and mental health. Ryan addresses the court and insists he didn't administer the lethal dose, but takes responsibility for not preventing Sarah's access to the drugs that killed her. The words do not exist to convey and express the level of remorse. I feel Though the guidelines suggest a sentence of 15 to 25 years for this case of depraved heart murder. The judge has something else in mind. It is the sentence of this court that you be committed to the Maryland Division of Corrections for a period of 40 years With more time for the other counts.


It's a total of 45 years in prison. A 45 year sentence puts James Ryan in a category with some violent murderers. You know, 45 years for James Ryan Is basically life patients rely on doctors and their expertise and their advice, and I think she's sending a very loud message to the medical community And state's. Attorney John McCarthy wants to send a message to lawmakers. The Depraved Heart Murder Charge may have worked in this trial, but it's a difficult crime to prove. In other overdose cases, We need tougher laws. As early as 2015, McCarthy began pushing to streamline Maryland law so state prosecutors can more easily convict dealers and distributors who supply the drugs that lead to overdose deaths.


But it hasn't been easy. We're not at a place in Maryland right now that the legislature seems very interested in creating new crimes and new penalties. Ian ilo who read Murder Between the lines of this case and retired after the trial says he still thinks of Sarah often. I did everything I could For Her. So does her ex-boyfriend, Henry Peterson, who looks back at their breakup with regret. I guess I always thought She was gonna be there A regret. Sarah seemed to share. He showed us a letter.


She wrote him years earlier when their relationship ended. You made me feel alive. Now that you're gone, I feel so many pieces and parts have died with you, As if to preserve his connection to Sarah Peterson still practices a concerto he played at her grave, where today a mother who faced great loss with even greater courage struggles to face the future without Sarah and her brother so close in life and death that she actually buried their ashes in the same casket.


I hear Sarah, tell me, mama. It's okay. What do you want your daughter's legacy to be? I want people to remember my Sarah as a light, a brilliant young woman who cared about others and loved life, Loved it. James Ryan will likely be eligible for parole in 20 years. He's appealing his conviction


As a kid. Growing up in Chicago, there was one horror movie I was too scared to watch. It was called Candyman. But did You know that the movie Candyman was partly inspired by an actual murder? Listen to Candyman, the true story behind the Bathroom Mirror murder, wherever you get your podcasts, I'm Erin Moriarty of 48 Hours. And of all the cases I've covered, this is the one that troubles me most. Listen to Murder In, the Orange Grove The Trouble Case against Crosley Green. Wherever you get your S If, you like this podcast. You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


True terrors of horror, bizarre happenings. Unexplainable events on our podcast, disturbed Terror takes center stage. Each episode is a journey into the darkest corners of human existence, delving into bone chilling, tales of kidnappings, serial killers, maniacs, and the very essence of your worst nightmares. Coming to life on this weekly True horror show, disturbed is not for the faint of heart. It's an exploration of real unadulterated horror sourced from everyday people. Each episode is a descent into the macabre where we narrate stories that will leave you on the edge of your seat and crawling in your skin. We navigate the disturbing narratives that lurk in the shadows, offering a raw and unfiltered listen into the most terrifying aspects of the human experience. Enter at your own risk and let the unsettling tales unfold in the haunting realm of Disturbed. And remember, listeners, stay safe out there.