
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today. True crime fans know the feeling when a story pulls you in. You can feel like part of the investigation. And with Audible, there's a lot to uncover. Listeners might like After you've gone by Margot Hunt. This Audible Original is a gripping thriller that follows one woman as she tries to solve her best friend's murder In the French Quarter of New Orleans As. an Audible member You could choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases.


New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash eight hours or text 48 hours to 500 500 Audible dot com slash 48 hours. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an event Ready RAV4 designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality, and go anywhere attitude or test.


Drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with a style space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV4 and Corolla Cross are available with all-wheel drive, giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places. Nine one one's your emergency.


My daughter, she been married. We absolutely were obsessed with this case. January 13th, 1995 was the last known contact with Catherine. She's handcuffed. She's been charged. It was always a big case within the department because it was the biggest case unsolved. Nobody felt safe anywhere. Nobody knew if it was a neighbor. Nobody knew if it was a police officer because of the handcuffs being used. My name is Tina Lewellen. Aaron Lewellen. I'm a Detective. I'm a detective at Beaumont Police Department.


My Sister's dead. My parents are over there and I have a, who's your sister? Catherine Edwards. I had no idea who Catherine Edwards was, but after I read decades of her journals, 19 86, 19 89, 91, 94. I feel like I know her. Things are looking up in my life. I'm going to teach second grade next year. I know I'm meant to do this. There were so many of her students that came forward to share the impact she had on their lives 25 years later. They were always close to me in my heart, I'm Diana Coe and I was friends with Catherine and her twin sister Allison since middle school.


They were so sweet and so funny. They had a cute laugh and everybody just loved him. This was not an easy case to crack. Every free moment I would try to work this case while still maintaining my caseload, Staying up till midnight Every night. It just was not gonna happen without the DNA. If there was no DNA in this case, if that evidence had not been properly maintained, nope. We done never got there. My name is Brandon Bes, Sergeant Texas Rangers Company, a coal case team. The technology has changed so much since 1995.


By the time we got to Catherine Edwards, there were a lot more of these resources that were available. We felt that genetic genealogy was gonna be the answer to this case. So you would do the police work? Yes. You would do the genealogy work? Yes. Along with another genealogist. My name is she, Bruce Ard LaPointe. Tina had started a tree and we really think alike and work together to build this tree with 7,409 people in it. Oh my gosh. I would call her no less than five times a day. We were on the phone constantly. Tell her what I found. Just back and forth. I blew her phone up trying to get to the bottom. We had to narrow down the different family members to find the direct lineage of our suspect.


Is this someone that knew her? Is this someone that was a stranger? She had some You know ex-boyfriends. There was always the worry that it was a police officer. Some criminal is not gonna have a pair of Smith and Wesson handcuffs. There was no sign of forced entry at the time. Right, right. Did we believe it was someone she knew? Yeah. Natalie Morales reports Tracking the Killer of Mary. Catherine Edwards.


The thing that really got me about the case was you don't expect to have this beautiful young single school teacher be murdered in her own home. She was such a great person, came from such a great family For Texas Ranger, Brandon Bess. Almost everything about the Mary Katherine Edwards case was different. It was an unusual crime scene. She's over the bathtub and she's obviously been sexually assaulted and handcuffed behind her back. Were they police grade? Yeah, handcuffs. Handcuffs have always been a key piece of this.


January 14th, 1995. It was a Saturday. Catherine, as most people called her, didn't show up for a family lunch and she wasn't answering her phone. When her mother and father went to check on her, they had to see what no parent ever should. What happened, ma'am? We came over here and found her please. That's someone else. Okay. We're sending someone, ma'am. Is she what she shot or what? We can't tell. Catherine was 31. My mom is the one that told me Diana co remembers hearing the news And so she said, have you not heard about Catherine? And I go, my Catherine, She had been friends with Catherine and her twin sister Allison since middle school.


I was new to the area, so I knew no one and they just started talking to me, asked me my name and we were friends From that point forward, The sisters, both school teachers looked so much alike. Everyone had trouble telling them apart, especially their young students. Ms. Edwards was my second grade teacher. Helen Adams remembers being in her classroom. Most of us grew up in a pretty tough environment and being around Ms. Edwards was a joy. Originally they believed that she might have been drowned, but there wasn't enough fluid in her lungs. So then it kind of became a suffocation by compression.


I just remember being told that our teacher wouldn't make it to class that day. Everyone just crying Early investigators could not piece together what happened, but those police grade handcuffs were a big clue. It was almost talked about like a ghost story around a campfire. Detective Aaron Lou Allen. Maybe it was somebody in law enforcement or somebody in security. Could it have been somebody that we knew In the weeks after the murder, police focused on tracing the serial numbers of the handcuffs but came up empty. They also zeroed in on an old boyfriend, David Perry.


They focused on him early on because there was no forced entry. But Perry was out of town that night. He gave a DNA sample and it was not a match. I wasn't there. It's Not me. The crime scene, DNA, stayed well preserved and the years dragged on and on until forensic science changed. Genetic genealogy technology. Genetic genealogy. By 2018 there was a way to take the DNA left at a crime scene and searched for biological relatives. A program GEDMatch scarfs up all the DNA from people who agree to share it with law enforcement and upload it when they use sites like ancestry.com in 23.


And me, Ranger best approached me and he asked if I thought we had a case that would fit the bill for that type of investigation. I said, absolutely. I know the perfect case for this. and that was a Katherine Edwards case. So in April, 2020, the DNA from Katherine Edwards crime scene went to Ham, a lab outside of Houston for testing There. They would give us familial matches and from there we would start trying to build a family tree to get us closer to our suspect. Yeah, But the number of names to pursue was overwhelming. When the family tree began to grow beyond my computer screen, I started to get a little bit confused and that's when Tina jumped on board. Aaron's wife, Tina, an auto crimes detective began using her off hours to help sort through it.


The matches were all Cajun Cajun ancestry. Yes. Coming from the Louisiana area. Yes, Particularly Kaplan, Louisiana. So Tina went back to Catherine's journals looking for clues To see if I could see a Cajun name that jumped out to me. I did find a few French names and they were quickly eliminated and nowhere in our tree. And as She was building out the branches, one of the names on the family tree kept coming up La Pointe. As I'm researching the matches and building my trees and you're researching other people's trees, I kept noticing she LaPointe had built that tree. And then I'm working some more I, do some more research.


Well, Sheila LaPointe built this tree and I'm like, is she related to our suspect? I had no idea who She was. This is actually my great-grandmother, Claudia. And when they called her, they found out Sherra had been building her family tree. It was my family's DNA kits that I had uploaded to GEDMatch. And then they found out something that changed the course of the investigation. Sherra was known professionally as the gene hunter and already skilled at working these cases. She'd identified one of the women buried along Interstate Highway 45 in the Texas Killing Fields case.


And she agreed to lend expertise. I told him that I was willing to help Even If. It meant taking a hard look at her own relatives. It was kind of scary because I'm putting my own second cousins in this tree and I'm thinking, oh my gosh, You know could one of my grandfather's sister's grandchildren have have done this. They lived here in Texas. It was a complicated multi-layered process using publicly available DNA birth and death records, finding parents, siblings, and cousins. As you build those trees, you look for information that is pertinent to the case that you're working on.


We had a tag for people who were in Beaumont She was a teacher. As you build tree, you look at people who are in education. Every one of these lines are built out. The tree grew up and down and sideways. There were almost 7,500 names. That's a lot of hours, a lot of work and a lot of people in the family tree. All the while Tina hardly slept working through most nights knowing there was a killer still out there Every day, counted every day mattered. I needed to get it solved.


Un on scorned love kills the podcast from Id find out what happens when lust and obsession turn deadly. In each episode, hear direct audio from the Hit TV show and uncover true unexpected stories about love gone wrong. Reporters, law enforcement and psychologists close to each crime. Investigate the dark side of love. Listen to scorned Love kills wherever you get your podcasts. The holidays are a time for family, friends, and of course shipping gifts. But you don't need to stress about it. Turn to the United States Postal Service to handle all of your holiday shipping needs with an enhanced network.


USPS serves over 160 million addresses, six and seven days a week. And if you're looking for an affordable option, USPS ground advantage has you covered reliable shipping with upfront pricing and no hidden costs. So why not take your packages on a true holiday ride this season? Visit usps.com/holiday ride to start shipping Hunkered down at their computers day after day. Constantly back and forth on the phone. Tina Luellen and genealogist, Cheryl la LaPointe are quickly becoming great partners. She was a team player from Jump, never had met me.


We talked so often that we became friends. Best buds. Best buds. I don't know what else to say. And when they needed DNA, they turned to Tina's husband, Aaron and Texas Ranger, Brandon Bess. So from that point me, Brandon Bess would drive around Texas and go talk to These people. Convincing someone to give their DNA up to give a piece of themselves up to you in a homicide investigation can be very difficult. When we would sense anxiety in someone, Aaron would immediately tell them, Hey, who do you wanna play you in the movie? And they would look at Aaron like he was crazy and say, what are you talking about? This guy's a Texas ranger.


Everything they do turns into a movie. Who do you want to play your role in this movie? That calmed him down every time. And I of course do out there, Hey, I've already got Brad Pitt so You know you can't, you can't be Brad 'cause Brad's playing me. Was there ever a time though that somebody actually thought my uncle may actually be a killer? Who Knows? In every one of these cases that I've worked using DNA and genetic genealogy, you have at least one person, usually two or three that says You know what? I had that weird Uncle Joe. Once the uploads were compared to the killer's DNA, if the amount of shared genetic material was low, they knew it was a dead end. There were times when we would come across a name and all like you'd get that the, the butterflies in your stomach like, Hey, maybe this is our guy.


And then it turns out it's not our guy. After almost three months of ups and downs and nearly nonstop work, Shera hit pay dirt. It was about 10 30 at night. She was working a family line very distantly related to her own. It was a very common Cajun name. Thibodaux. I got to a couple who were in Beaumont. I was able to see from records that they had two sons. This was a major lead, a family in Catherine's town with two sons who went to Forest Park High, the same school Catherine did. At around the same time, I put the names in the tree and I messaged Tina and I said, there's a couple in Beaumont, I'm tired, I'm going to bed.


And I turned my cell phone off and I fell asleep on the sofa. And when I woke up the next morning, my phone had just blown up. And it was you on the other end? Yes. What were you saying? This is them. We Found them. Just didn't know which one. Okay. It's either Michael Foreman or Clayton Foreman. What did you do to to figure that out? The first name I ran was Clayton. And then when I came across his prior conviction for the sexual assault, the hair on the back of my neck stood up. I'm like, this is our guy. In 1981, a 19-year-old woman told police that Clayton Foreman bound her hands and raped her. She had also gone to Forest Park High School where Clayton was the manager of the football team.


Foreman was convicted but was given probation and paid a fine. But he did not have to give a DNA sample at that Time. Yeah, this was back in the early eighties. We didn't have sex offender registry. No DNA database. And then they found another connection. It went all the way back to Diana Coe. Catherine's friend from middle school in high school. Diana fell madly in love. Her boyfriend had graduated three years ahead of her and they got engaged. He was so kind. He had the most wonderful personality In which she started planning her wedding. She immediately turned to her old friends, Catherine and Allison, And they were one of the first ones I thought of as a bridesmaid.


And and I asked them and they said yes. And the groom, the man Diana Coe married back in 1982. Now he was their number one suspect, Clayton Foreman. She in fact did know him. Yes. In hindsight, there were signs when Diana found out about Clayton's legal troubles. The wedding was less than three months away And the wedding invitations had already been mailed out. And I said, rape. I said, oh, there's no way. But she never got any details.


And her fiance explained it away. He kept telling me it, it was a big misunderstanding. And so in my mind I thought, well, he must be telling the truth because if he got arrested, he's not in jail. But you didn't really believe it was rape. Right. Diana's sister Ann and her brother Scooter were not so sure and neither were their parents who wanted her to call it off. And I said, well Diana, why don't you just wait? And she didn't wanna wait. She wanted to marry Clay. She was in love with him. She's believing him and she's wanting to get married then, then we have to support as a family.


And he was like, I'm so, so sorry and I love you. I want us to be married. I want us to have a family. And so I was like, okay. You know. So I went, I went through with it. Diana and Clayton stayed married for a little more than 11 years. They had a son. The relationship began to fray over form and lying about their finances. And it ended after he had an affair. And looking back, Diana can see that he had an unhealthy fascination with police officers and the tools of their trade, like handcuffs. I remember that he had ordered those handcuffs while he had 'em hung over the rear view mirror.


And I, I didn't think anything of it When Catherine was killed, they were divorced. But Diana remembers calling her ex-husband to talk about it. I think I was You know crying. And I said, oh my God. I said, somebody has murdered Catherine. And, and he goes, oh, really? Just like no emotion. When we hung the phone up, I can remember 'cause I was like kind of squinting and kind of like going, God, that's kind of odd. With all the mounting evidence Foreman needed to be found. He was 60 and no longer living in Beaumont.


They quickly tracked him to Reynoldsburg Ohio. What was he doing there? He was an Uber driver at the time, sir. I was able to send a lead to a field office up there and basically did what we call a trash run. You need to collect a piece of DNA so that you can ensure that it's the the right guy. Correct. So that's what they did. They surveilled his house and then went and snatched a bag of trash and sent it to me. So I brought that stuff to Houston to the DPS crime lab and from there they tested it. The likelihood that the DNA belonged to Clayton Foreman was a big number 461 septillion.


It doesn't get better than that, says Cheryl LA point. I mean, you can't fight those odds. You cannot fight those odds. And that was all they needed. I got a text from A-A-D-P-S lab technician and she said, go get his ass. Aaron Luellen and Brandon Bess were about to hop a plane to Ohio ready to face the man they felt sure had killed Catherine. Mr. Foreman. Right? Yes sir. And while they're doing that, Tina pays a visit to Diana Coe. Did they tell you We had they had DNA though. Tina told You that? Oh yeah. Yeah. And I just went, oh, oh my God, please don't tell me it was Clay.


I almost fell to the ground. I was just like, oh my God. I oh God, I can't believe he's done this. What do you think of sharing your DNA with law enforcement to help solve a murder chat Now with the 48 hours team on Facebook and X, When Texas Ranger Brandon Bess and Detective Aaron Luellen arrive at the Franklin County Sheriff's Office to confront Clayton Foreman, they have a cover story.


It's about a lost item from one of foreman's Uber rides That door, we go in under the, under the ruse of someone had left a purse in his car. So he came in voluntarily to talk about a purse that was in the car. It was April 29th, 2020, 26 years after Katherine Edwards was murdered. And they are sure they are sitting in front of the man who murdered her And we're asking you to visit with us about a crime that we're investigating. Okay. Did he immediately go uhoh? No, he didn't. So the crime that we're looking at is the murder of Mary Catherine Edwards and She was murdered in 1995.


I guess he pretty quickly realized he wasn't there to give up a purse. He did. And we found a picture of a wedding picture that she and her sister Allison were actually in your wedding. Right? And 1982. 82, right? Right. Do you ever remember anyone ever coming to you or about that crime? No. Were you aware of the crime even? No. You didn't know the crime occurred? No, sir. Okay. We backed him into a bunch of hard corners. He claimed that he didn't even know that She was dead. You didn't know that Catherine Edwards was murdered? No, sir. Did not. Do you remember them from school? Do you remember the girls from school? Not really.


Because they were freshmen when you were a senior? Yes, sir. Okay. So on Mary Edwards, Mary Craft, Catherine Edwards didn't know her well. Did you ever visit with her at all? No. Did you ever go in her house at all? Any house that she ever lived in? No. Okay. You know. Did You know where she lived? No. Had no idea. So, and he's denying, denying He is denying You know in these DNA cases, when you, whether you're gonna get a confession or not, you wanna build up that background of, Hey, did You know them? Number one, Did y'all have much acquaintance with them or was it just like a high school friend thing? How did You know El?


I think there were bridesmaids for my, my ex-wife. That's right. Did you ever go on a date? Never dated All the way up to Did you ever have sex with this person? Never obviously had sex with her? No. Never. Never. Did you go to college together? Did you do all, everything was a no. And we had those denials several times. And then so towards the end of the interview, we asked him, well, if all those things are true, can you explain how your DNA ended up on her and on her her bed? Do you understand DNA? And do you understand how DNA works? You understand you're made of DNA, right? He's made of DNAI made of DA And that I think that foreman knew enough about DNA that he thought he would've been caught already.


He knew that he had never submitted his DNA, he had no clue that he was going to be arrested that day. I'm level with you right here and now I want you to hear me real close. Alright, sir, that crime scene was processed really well and your DNA was on Catherine's bed and was inside Catherine. Okay? I mean, I don't know how I got there, but per se it was there. There's only one way for it to get there. Okay? And that's by you putting it there. Okay? Do you understand that I, do you understand the implications of that? The day that you died, the night that she died, your DNA is in her and your DNA is on her bedspread.


Now, I don't want you to say anything right this second. I want you to think about the next words that come outta your mouth. I want you to think very hard about that. Okay? There's two people that know that story. You're one of them and she's the other and she can't talk. What I ask you is now to be honest with us completely and tell us, yeah. How did that happen? I'm not gonna say anything. I probably need an attorney Now. I, can you probably need one or you do need one? If you're saying I did that, then I probably need an attorney to talk to.


Well, all we got then we're gonna let you walk out of the door, just like we told you. It's a grainy video, but you can probably see us grinning at each other. You have all your stuff That he thinks he's walking out of here. He thinks he's fixing to leave here. So as he got out down the hallway, headed towards the elevator, we stopped him and arrested him for the murder of Catherine Edwards. And after all those years and all that work, Aaron Lewellen and Brandon Bess had one thing left they needed to do If. you remember back when we were talking about the crime scene, She was handcuffed. So we had talked to the DA's office beforehand and got permission to use those handcuffs, The very handcuffs that bound Catherine the night she died.


How did it feel to put those handcuffs On her? Very good. There's a moment I'll never forget. You feel like you got to do something for Catherine You know, like physically got to do for her is take those cuffs that bound her when She was murdered and put 'em back on the guy that murdered her. It's You know, it may seem small to some, but it was a really big deal to us. And it felt good Even though they'd had their suspicions about him. The news that Clayton Foreman was arrested for the murder of Katherine Edwards was still a shock for his ex-wife, Diana Co. And her siblings Ann and Scooter. And she calls me and she says, clay murdered Catherine.


And I said, do what Your brain doesn't, because it, it knows him as a person, as a as, as somebody that you You know your brother-in-Law or your brother. I Know that was, that was, that was hard. Yeah. I thought of Allison and I just, I I just couldn't believe it. My, my thought immediately went to Allison and I just said, Allison. Oh my God, she's gonna hate me.


Hi listeners. This episode is brought to you in part by Echo Kids. Echo Do Kids is a cute, smart speaker with Alexa made just for kids. Echo Do. Kids can help foster your children's independence by allowing them to learn and explore. Kids can express their unique personalities by customizing their device with fun, greetings, jokes and character inspired songs. Plus, with features like math help and trivia quizzes, your kid will always be learning. You can have peace of mind. Knowing Echo Kids automatically gives kid friendly answers and filters out explicit music. Purchase of an Echo Kids comes with one year of Amazon Kids plus a digital subscription designed for kids age three to 12 to learn, grow, and explore. Shop the device this holiday season at amazon.com/echo.


Kids Americans agree that everyone should be able to make their own healthcare decisions. You and only you should control your healthcare decisions. But the truth is, attacks on reproductive healthcare, including abortion, are only intensifying. That's why your gift to Planned Parenthood is so important right now. No matter the battle, no matter the stakes, no matter what Planned Parenthood is there, protect our rights, protect our healthcare. Make your gift to Planned parenthood@plannedparenthood.org slash protect. Opening arguments began this morning. Foreman Is charged with capital murder. Guilty or not guilty. Not guilty.


March 12th, 2024. This is not going to be easy for a lot of people because it's been a long time coming Nearly 30 years after Catherine Edwards was found dead in her townhouse. You gotta remember this happened in 1995. Beaumont prosecutor Patrick Canal and his colleagues Mike Laird and Sonny Eckhart are ready for trial. You're gonna get To learn a lot about DNA, you Gotta hear about, and they're extremely confident about their case against Clayton Foreman. Mr. Burbank, you wanna make an opening statement at this time? No, your Honor. Tom Burbank is defending foreman. He didn't really have anything and he knew it. Next witness The prosecution calls Catherine's twin sister Allison.


We wanted to remind everyone, this is about Catherine and her family. And that's the way we wanted to start off with Here at 60. Sitting before them was the spitting image of what could have been. That is a picture of my sister Catherine Reliving the day she lost Catherine. And then the next thing we know, You know. My mom and dad drove up and told us what I mean. They, there were no words. She was dead. That was all that mattered. I didn't know how, what or anything. I didn't know what happened to her. It was just that She was gone, was all I knew. The pain and the loss still so palpable.


Four years later, I had a daughter and her name is Catherine. Catherine aunt after my sister. And she never got to know her. and that the hardest part, It was a lot. Helena Adams, Katherine Edwards student when She was seven and now 37 sat in the courtroom nearly every day. It was times when they would show photos or when they showed the videos of her on the floor, it was as if your heart was breaking all over again. You measure the proximity of matching DNA, Detective Tina Lule and genealogist, Cheryl LaPointe, along with other crime lab technicians, walk the jury through the process of the genealogy and the DNA match.


Texas Ranger Bess and Detective Aaron Luellen go through the final stages of the investigation, all carefully coordinated to make the chain of evidence airtight. And on the last day, the prosecution calls all the women who had been scarred by foreman and were alive to say so He was your supervisor? That's correct. An old coworker. Whenever I opened up the drawer, there was a pair of handcuffs, A former fiance who found pictures of young girls. He said to me that he had them so that he could fantasize about taking their virginity. His ex-wife, Diana Coe, who agreed to testify.


Did you think at the time you were in love with the defendant? Yes. When you saw him at trial, how hard was that for you? That was very hard. And it was very embarrassing to me. And and I do feel ashamed. And it was during the trial that Diana learned about what really happened to that 19-year-old woman in the months before she and Foreman married. It was the most horrific thing that I could have ever heard. I couldn't imagine what she went through and was so brave to get up and say what she said. She was the final witness returning to the night.


Her car got stuck and foreman falsely claiming he was a policeman, offered to help First he, he tied my hands back. He tied your hands behind your back. Yes. Did he threaten to cut your throat? If? you didn't? Yes. This whole thing took a while, didn't it? Yes, sir. I'm sorry. What happened then? He, he took me home. Did he say something that, that you felt was odd? Yes. He said three things. He said, stop crying.


I'm sorry. I hope I didn't hurt you. And there was another woman who did not testify, but went on the record, an alleged victim of foreman's violence. Also a high school friend of Diana who did not press charges. She told investigators, foreman attacked her from behind and put a gun to her head. She had indicated back in 85 or 86 that he had come to her apartment and knocked on the door and told her that he was having financial and marital problems with Diana. And he needed somebody to talk to. And so she let him in. Prosecutors suspect foreman used a similar ruse the night he appeared at Catherine Edwards door.


That's the way we thought he got to Catherine. 'cause Catherine was very, very Christian, very given, very naive. And that's a wonderful thing to be. Except when you're faced with Clayton Foreman, I've always wondered, did he say something about me? Hey, it's Clay and You know I need to talk to you about something about Diana. It's always, I've always wondered, but I thought I'll never know. After seven days of prosecution testimony, the defense calls no witnesses. And attorney Burbank closes. You heard different things in reference to sex things and stuff like that. Okay?


It still doesn't make him a murder. You may not like him 'cause of what people say, but I submit to you they have not proven murder beyond a reasonable doubt. The prosecution wraps up its case. And it's so easy to believe that evil doesn't exist. It is here in this courtroom here today. These are things I wish I didn't know existed. I'm sorry, I've had to talk to you about it, but I didn't bring this here he did. Now it would be up to a jury to decide Clayton Foreman's future. Patrick Canal wants them to remember Katherine Edwards didn't have one.


And I do pray that Mike and I Sonya done a good job for Gavin and you. I hope we've done our job. Etsy knows these aren't the sounds of holiday gifting. Oh or oh. Okay. Thank you.


Well, they're not the sounds you are hoping for. You want squeals of delight like this? Ooh and spontaneously written songs of joy. I am so happy. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. To get those, make everyone on your list feel heard with gifts like personalized jewelry, custom artwork, vintage pieces, and home decor for original gifts that say, I get you. Etsy has it. Holiday magic is in the air. And Ds W's got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow.


Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands. Everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock and more. And deals to make your budget bright. Find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you or dsw.com. Is this verdict a unanimous one? Yes, sir. It takes less than an hour for the jury to come back with a verdict. We and the jury find the defendant guilty. Clayton Foreman, guilty and sentenced to life for the murder of Catherine Edwards. It didn't take long 'cause all the evidence was there.


Once it got into the DNA more or less sealed it for him. Larry Delcom, juror number two says, he and his fellow jurors had very little to talk about. He had no defense that it wasn't him. There's no denial there. It felt like, Hey, this thing does work For Helen. I Adams finally some justice for a favorite teacher. After all, I wanted to close that door finally. She meant so much to me. And when you heard those words guilty, what was that like for you? We did it Was it, was it emotional?


We did it. This whole case was emotional For detectives Tina and Erin Lewellen, genealogist, Cheryl La Point and Ranger, Brandon Bess. It was the ending they had all worked for, but it left lots of room for reflection. And I think the justice system has worked and he's where he needs to be. But to say that that's honestly justice for Mary Catherine. It's frustrating to know that he lived a life and she should have been able to, to live a life and have children and go on. That is frustrating. I never used the word closure. I never used the word justice. There's no justice.


He got to live 26 years, he got to get married, he got to have kids. She did not. There's no justice. I don't believe there is such a thing as closure. Not on this earth. Bess always wanted a confession. They all wanted to know why. 70% of the time you're not gonna get that. And, and a hundred percent of the time you're not gonna get the whole story. Anyway, We all wanted those answers. And because he was spineless and didn't talk to us or give us any information, we'll never know the details behind it. And everyone was still reeling asking themselves how it was that Clayton Foreman walked among them.


And no one saw his monstrous core all those years hiding in plain sight. So when we identified him, I actually have mutual friends with him that were in shock. They could not believe it was him because they knew he was such a nice guy. He had fooled so many people for so long. I personally believe that there are more victims out there. We just hadn't found him yet. I find it hard to believe that he has not assaulted other people. I, I really feel with all my I with I believe this too, with of my being. I feel that there are others.


Others. And how Do you think he was able to conceal this darker side? That's the part I cannot, I can't I can, I can't understand it that I don't how he could, like I always say it's like Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. I have my own speculations. I think somebody, I think some people are demon possessed or, or demon influence. 'cause that's pure evil. There's nothing else you can explain that's just evil. I was married to a monster is what I was married to and didn't know it and didn't know it. I think if it, if he wouldn't have married me, she'd still be alive.


But in the wake of the trial, it was time to turn away from foreman and remember Katherine Edwards as She was and in her own words. Wow. I didn't realize the timing on this one. December the 11th, 1994, She was murdered. A month later, I have given my life to God and I will follow his path For me, that gives me a feeling of great relief and peace. The human spirit is stronger than anything that can happen to it. The vibrant, beloved school teacher in her prime gone far too soon. If, you could talk directly with Mary Katherine Edwards.


What would you wish to tell her? Oh my gosh. I think I would say I love her and I'm sorry. I'm so sorry this happened to her. And I was honored to be given the privilege to help give answers. Very honored, very honored. She was a very special person. She really was. Unfortunately, it introduced me to real loss, to trauma, to fear, to grief, to heartbreak, to all the feelings.


A podcast I watched, they act. They would always ask aspiring lawyers, when did you fall in love with law? And I think that's when I fell in love with law in the second grade when Clayton Foreman took my life from me. Helen is a student once again. She's studying for her master's in criminal justice and plans to apply to law school. A tribute to her teacher Clayton Foreman, is eligible for parole in 2061. By then, he'll be 101 years old.


If, you like this podcast? You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey. This holiday wrap affection with a gift that everyone loves, gift cards. Gift cards.com makes it easy to make the thought and the gift count with over 350 brands to choose from, gift from top brands like Sephora, Nordstrom, DoorDash, and more new this year is the gift cards.com gift card, which gifts your gift fee access to choose from almost anything@giftcards.com with no purchase fees, no expiration, and instant delivery. It's the gift of so many possibilities. Visit gift cards.com today. See gift cards.com for terms and conditions.


Did You know that after World War ii, the US government quietly brought former Nazi scientists to America in a covert operation to advance military technology? Or that in the 1950s, the US Army conducted a secret experiment by releasing bacteria over San Francisco to test how a biological attack might spread without alerting the public. These might sound like conspiracy theories, but they're not. They're well-documented government operations that have been hidden away in classified files for decades. I'm Luke Lamana, a Marine Corps recon vent. And I've always had a thing for digging into the unknown. It's what led me to start my new podcast, redacted Declassified Mysteries. In it, I explore hidden truths and reveal some eye-opening events like covert experiments and secret operations that those in power tried to keep bearing.


Follow redacted, declassified mysteries with me. Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app.