
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


Get ready for Las Vegas style action at bed. Mgm, the king of online casinos. Enjoy casino games at your fingertips with the same Vegas strip excitement. M GM is famous for when you play classics like MGM Grand, millions, or popular games like Blackjack, BCCA rat, and Roulette with our ever-growing library of digital slot games, a large selection of online table games and signature bet MGM service. There's no better way to bring the excitement and ambiance of Las Vegas home to you than with BET MGM Casino. Download the Bet m GM Casino app today, bet MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly bet mgm.com for terms and conditions, 19 plus to Wager Ontario only. Please play responsibly. If you have any questions or concerns about your gambling or someone close to you, please contact Connect Ontario at 1 8 6 6 5 3 1 2600 to speak to an advisor free of charge be MGM operates pursuant to an operating agreement with iGaming Ontario.


It was about 6 35 in the morning, A quiet street in Richmond, Virginia. As I was getting dressed, my husband and I heard three loud bangs, Not a street where you'd expect a murder. When I arrived on the scene, I could see at the top of the driveway my friend and neighbor, Fred Javelin. I mean, he put both hands on my shoulders and he said, Megan, Fred Javelin is lying in his driveway. He's dead. And Fred Javelin wasn't your average murder victim. You've got a university professor killed in a neighborhood that that's really not the norm.


Fred Jalin was a totally involved father, a super, super single parent. So who killed Fred Jalin? People Said, I have no idea who would wanna do this to Fred, but have you talked to his ex-wife? I was married to Fred Jalin. We have three children, Had a pretty nasty divorce and certainly she was a suspect, But a suspect with a seemingly rock solid alibi. Bartender called to me and said, do you remember her? And I said, yeah, I remember seeing her petite and pixie haircut.


I know she didn't kill Fred Jablin. She was devastated because of his death. They're definitely two peas outta the same pod. Tina and Piper Police also suspected Tina. It's not, what did I think about Fred Javelin? It's, did I Kill Fred Javelin? Yes. And now police are about to unravel the clues that will lead to an arrest. We've got cell phone records, latex gloves and makeup, two wigs, a lot of twists and turns in this one. Now, it's definitely not your normal standard murder, Two wigs, a gun and a murder.


I was looking for this guy, Jerry Walters, whose name this card was in. We hadn't spoken to him at this point, and so one of our goals was to try to locate him. A couple of days after Fred Javelin's murder, detective Kobe Kelly learned more about the round Tripp airline ticket booked under the name Tina Roundtree. The person who paid for the ticket was a guy named Jerry Walters. We knew that a bank card in his name was used and was instrumental in making this homicide happen, but we really didn't know what his role was in it, if any. And so we're trying to figure out who's Jerry Walters. It didn't take them long to learn that Jerry Walters knew Piper Piper.


Roundtree and I at one time we're girlfriend, boyfriend Piper started dating Jerry Walters in 2003. Shortly after moving to Houston, We exchanged phone numbers and started talking on telephone, went out to supper time or two and, and it just went from there. She was very sweet, great off the wall sense of humor, which I appreciated. Cute, obviously pretty much normal person, Even though Walters was living four hours from Houston in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. They made it work. I was in Houston quite often on business, so it was, it was not difficult.


I mean, I was there probably two days, minimum a week. Their long distance relationship lasted for about a year. Then that evolved into a continuing close relationship, close friendship, So close that Walters was one of the first people. Piper called the night of Fred Javelin's murder. I came home from an LSU football game about 10 30 ish, 11 ish, and my cell phone rang and it was Piper, and she said she was asking me to come to Houston, and she said, it's important, Fred's dead. And I said, what happened? She says, well, I'm, I'm not certain Fred's dead.


And she was not screaming, but she was not far from hysteria, I would think, and she was crying. Walters wasn't able to go to Houston, but he did his best to comfort Piper by phone. She was very concerned with the kids, but, and my whole relationship with Piper, she was very concerned, but more so obviously this was to the extreme. Four days after the murder, detective Kelly tracked down Jerry Walters to find out why his bank card seemed to be connected to a murder. I think he asked me, how well did I know Fred and I didn't know Fred at all. I I never had any conversation with him in my life.


Walters told Detective Kelly, he had no idea who could have used his bank card during the weekend of the murder because he says it had been stolen before then. I don't think anyone on the face of the earth was more shocked than myself to find out my card was in Richmond, Virginia. I did not have a clue. Walters says he first found out something was wrong with his card when he tried to withdraw cash from the account. They said, well, Mr. Walters, the account's overdrawn. And I said, why? And they said, well, you've got pending ATM charges in Richmond, Virginia. And I said, really? And I said, I said, okay, get back to you.


That's when I started getting a little concerned that Jerry Walters card was floating around the murder scene in Richmond, Virginia. Jeremy Walters called Piper immediately because if anyone was going to know about his card, it was her. You see, the card wasn't really his, although he had access to the bank account. Walters had opened it at Piper's request under his name so that she could hide assets from her ex-husband. I asked her, what's the deal on the card? How come my card was in Richmond and not with you? And that's when she said, well, the last time I saw the card was when I went to the tennis club, and apparently someone stole it there.


And I said, well, why didn't you tell me? And she says, well, I just hadn't missed it. She said, if you don't go to use it, you don't know it's gone. That kind of made sense. What didn't make sense to both Walters and Detective Kelly were some of the other charges found on the card. We also were able to determine that wigs were purchased during this time with that card from wigs.com. I personally don't wear wigs. Before the murder, someone had purchased two wigs, one blonde, one Auburn. We knew that they were sent to a location in Kingwood, Texas, and we had an address. There was a box there rented in the name of Piper Roundtree, which also had Jerry Walter's name on that box, and that's where the wigs had been delivered to.


He asked me, did I think she did it? And I said, I just can't fathom that, that she did this. It would, it's not something that I Ever recognized in her, no, but it was all starting to add up for Detective Kelly. He was convinced that Piper Roundtree had flown to Richmond, Virginia using her sister's name to kill her husband. As things came to light, it was apparent she did have a plan and, and attempted to disguise who she was and, and thought she could get away with it. Do you think there's any connection between the murder and this very difficult divorce that she and her husband Fred Javelin went through? No. I think she was crushed when she didn't get custody of her children.


We knew that several weeks before this murder, she had come up and, and taken the children camping. I, I think that they probably had a really good time and I think that that caused her to just think, this is what I'm missing. I'm missing the great time watching my children grow up, experiencing them as they become, you know, teenagers, adults, and so forth. I think it's probably around that time she started hatching a plan in her mind of how she could change custody and the way to do that. She had been through the court system that had not worked in her favor, and, and I think she was looking for alternate plans, which ultimately left to her decision to kill Fred With Fred Javelin dead.


Piper Roundtree wanted to win back her three kids who were staying with Fred's brother Michael and his family. She asked for a custody hearing in Virginia Family Court. She had asked whether I would go up there and testify at her custody hearing. And I said, you know, I wasn't sure if I was gonna be up there at that time, but I told her, I said, I will be happy to. And what she was working on is trying to establish that I had eliminated her as a suspect, and I certainly had not. At that point, Detective Kelly was all for Piper, attending the hearing scheduled nine days after Fred Javelin's murder, but not for reasons. Piper thought, she's thinking about trying to go to Richmond and have this custody here.


In the back of your mind, you're saying, well, if she's in Richmond, it would be easier for you guys to make an arrest. Right? Definitely. It, it was not a, a deal breaker that she was not in Richmond, but it saves extradition that sort of thing. Nine days after the murder in a Richmond, Virginia courtroom, a judge made her decision knowing that Piper was under suspicion for murder. The judge granted custody of Piper's three children, Callie age 10, Paxton age 12, and Jocelyn age 15 to Michael Javelin. My client has a constitutional right to have her children, and she's been denied that. Right. Piper left the custody hearing shaken, and little did she know that just minutes later she would be arrested for murder.


They could have taken this from a scene, from a gangster movie that the police just jumped out with. It seemed like machine guns and dragged me off to tell me that they had, they were arresting me for the murder of my, my ex-husband.


Harvard is the oldest and richest university in America, but when a social media fueled fight over Harvard and its new president broke out last fall, that was no protection. Claudine Gay is now gone. We've exposed the DEI regime and there's much more to come. This is the Harvard Plan, a special series from the Boston Globe and WNYC's on the media to listen, subscribe to on the media, wherever you get your podcasts.


UFO lands in Suffolk, and that's official said the news of the world. But what really happened across two nights in December, 1980 when US servicemen saw mysterious lights in the forest near RAF Woodbridge and claimed to have had a close encounter with an actual craft Encounters, a new podcast available exclusively on Wondery Plus takes a deep dive into one of the most famous and still unresolved UFO encounters to ever take place in the uk, featuring shocking testimony from firsthand witnesses, hosts, journalists, podcaster and UFO researcher and mcri. That's me and producer l Scott. Take us back to the nights in question and examine all of the evidence and conflicting theories about what was encountered in the middle of a snowy Suffolk Forest 40 years ago. Are we alone encounters as a podcast, which is going to find out, listen to encounters exclusively in ad free on Wondery plus join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or in Apple podcasts


After her arrest for murder four months ago. Former prosecutor, Piper Roundtree is having a tough time adjusting to life behind bars. It's my mom, my sisters, But she's anxious for her day in court and ready to stand trial for the murder of her ex-husband, Fred Javelin. I don't think I, I would be intelligent if I weren't worried or concerned, but I have an incredible amount of faith. All rise And I I trust God. God's put me here for a reason. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, good afternoon In opening arguments, prosecutor Wade Kaiser launches right in with what he says is Piper's chilling motive.


It all came down to money. You'll hear evidence, ladies and gentlemen, that Piper Roundtree had been ordered to pay child support to the victim. Fred Javelin who had custody of the children. Kaiser says Piper Roundtree was tired of struggling to pay child support to her ex-husband, so she killed him. She was over $9,700 in arrearages in making that child support. She blamed Fred and held him accountable for everything that had happened to her. But listen to all the evidence over the next several days When Piper's defense attorney Murray Janis has his turn, he tells jurors the state's explanation of a motive just doesn't add up.


But you'll hear evidence that she'd made a support payment in October of 2004. Hardly something's somebody's gonna do to send money if they in fact had planned to kill that person. And more importantly, Janice says, there isn't anyone who can put Piper at the crime scene And see if one single person says, we saw that defendant Piper Round Tree take a gun out and shoot Fred Javelin, or we saw running away. Although Janis does admit there is a lot of evidence showing someone committed this murder, You're gonna find that somebody was in Virginia, somebody flew on the Southwest Airlines, He insists the wrong Roundtree sister is on trial.


There's one name you're gonna hear over and over and over again. And that's the name of Tina Roundtree. And Janice says all the evidence will point to her. I think you'll hear evidence that Tina had certainly at one time a gun herself, a 38 caliber. You won't hear any evidence that Piper Roundtree owned a gun. Piper is obviously aware of her attorney's defense strategy, but when she spoke with us before trial, she wouldn't flat out accuse her sister of murder. Did your sister Tina, did she do this? I couldn't say. I don't know. Is she capable of something like this?


I'm not gonna answer that. All Rise The matter now before the court shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing the truth help you God. I do. Have a seat, Please, Mr. With the trial underway, prosecutors called Jerry Walters to the stand to help show that Piper hatched an elaborate plan to get away with murder using the bank account Walters had opened for her. Was Piper Re's name on the car? No, it was not. Piper purchased that blonde wig and prosecutors say Piper wore it the weekend of the murder, so it would look like her sister Tina committed the crime.


Did you at any time order any wigs? No sir. Okay, Judge, our next witness is Kathy Moley. Prosecutors say Piper also used Walter's card to buy that airline ticket booked in her sister's name to fly to and from the murder. How is this ticket paid for by credit card? Right here. Kathy Molly, the agent remembers selling a ticket to a woman using the name Roundtree and for the first time in court, Ms. Molly, would you look around the courtroom and see if you can identify the person to whom you sold that ticket on October 28th?


That lady right there looks familiar. A witness is able to identify Piper. In fact, Molly says the brunette checked in as a blonde, But the hair's not like that at all. It's much shorter and the color's a lot darker. That's not all Molly's biggest surprise. She says Piper was carrying a gun. What do you recall unusual about checking her bags if anything? Nothing. She just told me right away that she needed to check a firearm. She just commented that it was her father's gun and she was taking it to him, But that gun wasn't the state's smoking gun. They say Piper not only got on that plane to Richmond, they can prove she spent the weekend there within miles of the crime scene.


It was Piper's own cell phone that would do her in. We started looking through the cell phone records and recognized the number to Papa John's Pizza. Henrico County Detective Chuck Hanna was given the job of tracking the cell phone calls to see if anyone could place Piper in Richmond. So we called Papa John's Pizza and asked if individual with a last name a Roundtree had ordered a pizza. They stated that a person with the name Roundtree did and that person had it delivered to room 1 71 in the Homestead Suites That led Detective Hannah to the manager of this hotel.


Who remembers the guest in room 1 71? She said she had a reservation named, her name was Tina Roundtree. And it's that witness Teko James who was able to place Piper Roundtree in Richmond at a hotel located just miles from the crime scene. Would you point to and identify that individual? Believe The defendant here And then a second eye witness takes the stand. Raymond Seward says he saw Piper on Saturday morning just a few hours after Fred Javelin's murder, Medium bill, medium height, and blonde hair. Where is she? That lady right there.


Seward remembers Piper returning a car to his rental agency near the airport. The same airport where that flight carrying a passenger named Tina Roundtree would later take off. She was just in a hurry to get to the airport. And if eyewitness testimony wasn't enough to put Piper in Richmond, prosecutors say they have Piper caught on tape. They say the woman seen walking into a Richmond Virginia gas station is the defendant, Piper Roundtree in disguise The tape will will show a white female entered the door. It's a mountain of evidence that they hope will knock down any suggestion that it was Tina Roundtree in Richmond the weekend of the murder.


You, you have to Concede it doesn't Look good, right? No, it doesn't look good. I certainly can see that. You know, my mouth fell open when I saw these things like, oh my God. Now prosecutors take their case one step further. They set out to show how Piper made sure that when she shot Fred Javelin she wouldn't miss, he saw She Mac. McClanahan knows both sisters. He dated Tina and he worked with Piper. When you went with Piper to work early in the week of October 25th to Galveston, did you ride together there? We did. And back? Yes. Okay.


On one of their rides home together, Mac told Piper he was going to stop at a shooting range. Tell the members of the jury what Piper said when you brought that up. She said she wanted to go with me. Okay. Had you taken Piper to the gun range prior to that day? No. Piper shot a few rounds, then decided she wanted to rent another type of gun, so she went to the front desk and made an exchange. She returned with a a 38 caliber revolver. It was the same type of weapon. Used a gun down Fred Javelin days later. Did she fire the 38? She Did Saturday morning around six 30 And Michael.


And when Matt ran into Piper a few days after the murder, he found out just how nervous Piper was about their trip to the gun range. I told her I was sorry to hear what had happened and she hugged me and said, I love you. And then she said, please don't say anything about the gun range. It'll just complicate things With one of their last witnesses. Prosecutors' deal a final blow to Piper. It turns out the alibi Piper thought she had for the night before the murder had fallen through. After you had a chance to think about it, have checked all of your records. Kevin O'Keefe, who thought he'd seen Piper at the Volcano Bar on Friday night now tells jurors he was mistaken.


Were you in the volcano at all on that Friday, October 29th? No. You sure about that? Positive. Thank you. After being battered by dozens of witnesses against her, Piper Roundtree, a former prosecutor, knows she's in real trouble and now she has to make one of the most important decisions of her life. Should she take the stand? All Rise After listening to the 49 witnesses testifying against her?


The matter Shall the truth. Truth, nothing. Truth. That lady right there looks familiar. Yes sir. She's right There with the State's case finished. That lady Right there, Piper Roundtree is looking like a garner. If you could look those jurors in the eyes, how would you do it? What would you say? I would tell them I didn't do it because of all the things that I stand for. I believe in truth. I believe in God. Piper realizes she has only one option. Alright, next witness, Take the stand Call Piper Roundtree. Come On around Ms. Roundtree, if you would, But you know it's a, it's risky to do that, to take the stand and testify, you know that, right?


Yeah. Do you swear or affirm that the Evidence, so on the fourth day of trial, the Whole truth and nothing but the truth help you? God? I do. Only four months after Fred Jalin was shot dead in his driveway. You are Piper and Roundtree, is that correct? I am. Fred Jain's, ex-wife, Piper Roundtree tries to answer to a jury. Her defense lawyer, Murray Janis, cuts straight to the chase Is Roundtree. Did you shoot and kill Fred Javelin on Saturday morning, October 30th, 2004? I did not. When did you first learn that Fred Javelin had been shot and killed That that evening?


What was your emotional condition at that time? Well, I don't remember a whole lot of the rest of the evening. Did you, Did you ever learn that evening where your children were? No. In a soft, shaky voice, Piper Roundtree testifies, it was impossible for her to shoot Fred Jalin in Virginia because at the time of the murder she was in Texas. But it isn't just Piper's whereabouts she and her defense team will use as an alibi. Their strategy is based on showing the jury what kind of person Piper Roundtree really is. And do you love your children? Yes, very much.


And where are they as far as priorities in your life? Second, only to God. Piper tells jurors the last thing she'd do is hurt her kids. Yes, it was not an easy divorce, but I had no right to take away the children's father. The children need both parents. How were you getting along with Fred Javelin compared to during the divorce itself? It was an answer to my prayers. We were doing very good. And when it comes to her alibi about being at the Volcano Bar, she insists she was there that Friday before the murder, even though Kevin O'Keefe had told prosecutors he wasn't even there that Friday night.


Do you know when it was that you saw the defendant in the volcano Saturday, October 30th? Right, But Piper stands by her story and says she even remembers floating and drinking with a stranger. What was the gentleman's name that you met up with if you know? He said Steve initially and then he said call him Jerry. Have you ever seen him again since then? No. Alright, Ms. Guys, Ms. Roundtree, I believe you testified The prosecutors go on the attack. Piper's motive for murder is simple. A vengeful woman who had lost her children, you Had lost custody of your three children Completely.


Not completely. It doesn't. The order state that you lost physical and legal custody of your children Yes. To your husband? Yes. Wasn't that devastating to you? Yes. Wouldn't you do anything for your children? I wouldn't kill for them. No. Piper, however, is unable to explain away the physical evidence at the heart of the case, starting with her Jeep parked at the Houston airport the very weekend Fred Javelin was murdered. Can you explain why the records from the Houston Hobby Airport show that your vehicle was in their parking lot on Thursday and Friday and Saturday?


No, I have no explanation. Then prosecutors questioned Piper about her visit to the gun range where she practiced shooting just days before the murder with the same type of weapon used to kill Fred Jalin. You shot two different pistols that day, didn't you? Yes. One was a 22 caliber revolver and the other was a 38 caliber revolver. That's what they say. Well, you had it in your possession for time. I honestly, I don't know what it was. It was a gun. And what about that blonde wig? Prosecutors say Piper needed it desperately for the weekend of the murder to disguise herself as Tina.


You wanted the blonde wig so bad that when you got the box with the paprika wig in it with the note saying that they didn't have it in stock and that you would have to pay an additional charge, you said send it anyway. I want it correct. Tina had wanted. No, I'm not asking you what Tina said. I'm asking you. You told them Yes I did. I'll pay the extra money. Isn't that right? Yes, sir. And you had the blonde wig? Yes Sir. Where is it at Last time I saw Tina had it. If Tina had the wig and Tina was on the plane, then You want this jury to think that Tina committed the murder, don't she? I have no idea what happened.


You have not. I don't. The evidence pinpoints Piper in Richmond near the scene of Fred Javelin's murder hotel records and receipts show. Piper used the bank card she said was stolen. I didn't know what had happened to the card. There's one more staggering piece of evidence. Those damning cell phone records calls made from Piper's cell phone from Richmond to Texas just after the murder. What happened to the cell phone? I don't know. While the crime's being committed, you don't know where it is. That's what you're telling these people? I'm telling them that I didn't have the phone from probably that I remember last time.


I remember it was Tuesday before that You lost the telephone on Tuesday. Where did you find it? On Saturday. It was at Tina's house. Because you want to, you want this jury to think that Tina committed the murder. You're willing to put it on her, aren't you? No sir. Thank You, ma'am. You can have a seat next to you. Counsel Piper steps down. She has done all she can. Now it's up to this man, Marty McVey, the lone witness who can physically put her a thousand miles away from the murder. And where is your office at the present time in Houston, Texas. Now, sir, tell us if you will, jumping up to Saturday, October 30th, 2004.


Did you ever see Piper Roundtree on that date? I did. And where was that, sir? In my office. And could you tell the ladies and gentlemen of the jury what time you saw her? Approximately four 30 that afternoon. Give or take five minutes. Are you sure of that time, sir? Yes sir. McVey is Piper's very best witness because it's impossible for Piper to have been in two places at once. McVey says she was in his Houston office at the exact same time. Police say she was on an airplane returning from murdering Fred Javelin. How many people have you talked to about the time Piper Roundtree was in your office on Saturday, October 30th?


Since then? Yes sir. Oh gosh. Now I've talked to the prosecutors here. I talked to the detectives again in Houston from the Houston Police Department. I've talked to Paige Akins from the Times Dispatch, Local newspaper reporter Paige Aiken ends up becoming part of the very story she was covering. Come On up, Ms. Aiken, if You would. She takes the stand to testify about what Marty McVey told her. And how are you employed, Ms. Aiken? I'm a reporter at the Richmond Times Dispatch. Have you been assigned any, have you in fact been covering the case involving Ms. Piper Roundtree? I have Paige Aiken swears that McVey had told her that Piper had stopped by his office the day after the murder, not the afternoon of the murder.


Did you ask him when? Prior to Sunday, October 31st, he had last seen Piper Roundtree. Yes. He said it had been quite a while. About a year. I believe Marty McVey is put back on the stand and sticks to his story and dates. Had you seen Piper Roundtree before Sunday? October 31st? Yes. And when was that? On October 30th. Alright, we'll be at recess, Dr. Tomorrow. All rise When it's all over.


Piper Roundtree seems dazed and exhausted. Do you think you conveyed to the jury what you wanna Get? I don't know. I hope so. That's all I can say is I hope so. Are you afraid? Yeah. Yes. Yes. I'm afraid


He was hip hop's biggest mogul. The man who redefined fame, fortune and the music industry, The first male rapper to be honored on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Sean Diddy Comb. Diddy built an empire and lived a life. Most people only dream about everybody Know ain't no party like a Diddy party. So yeah, that's his up. But just as quickly as his empire rose, it came crashing down. Today I'm announcing the unsealing of a three count indictment, charging Sean Combs with racketeering, conspiracy, sex trafficking, interstate transportation for prostitution. I was Up. I hit rock bottom. But I made no excuses. I'm disgusted. I'm so sorry Until you're wearing an orange jumpsuit. It's not real. Now it's real. From his meteoric rise to his shocking fall from grace from law and crime, this is the rise and fall of Diddy. Listen to the rise and fall of Diddy exclusively with Wondery. Plus,


You don't believe in ghosts? I get it. Lots of people don't. I didn't either until I came face to face with them. Ever since that moment, hauntings spirits and unexplained have consumed my entire life. I'm Nadine Bailey. I've been a ghost tour guide for the past 20 years. I've taken people along with me into the shadows, uncovering the macabre tales that linger in the darkness and inside some of the most haunted houses, hospitals, prisons, and more. Join me every week on my podcast Haunted Canada, as we journey through terrifying and bone chilling stories of the unexplained search for haunted Canada. On Apple Podcast, Spotify, Amazon Music, or wherever you find your favorite podcasts,


I was amazed about the evidence the police collected the documentation they did. The witnesses Throughout Piper Roundtree murder trial, the brother of the victim, Michael Javelin, has watched closely focused on the woman who was once part of his family. Any doubt in your mind that Piper Roundtree is guilty? There's no doubt. And I was very sad about the whole thing, hearing it, how somebody with such a high level of education could have plotted such an event. Piper's mother Betty Roundtree sat in the courtroom every day. She can't believe her youngest daughter is a killer.


Do I think she's guilty? No, I do not. She's had so much love in her life and she's such a gentle kind person. I honestly cannot believe that she did this. The jury deliberates for less than an hour. Ladies And gentlemen, have you been able to reach a verdict in these matters? Yes. Ahead. Would you hand it to the sheriff? Please? Will the jury find the defendant guilty of first degree murder of Frederick Javelin is charged in the indictment. Joanne Lawson, is this your verdict? Yes. Beverly Owens. Is this your verdict? Yes. Holly Pace. Is this your verdict?


Yes. No one seems surprised. Not even Piper. All rise. Within an hour, the jury hears more testimony and then will recommend her sentence. Anywhere from 20 years to life. They were extremely, extremely close. Betty Roundtree pleads for leniency. So the children who'd already lost their father won't lose their mother too. Her whole life was just with those children, taking them different places, reading to them The truth, the whole truth, and I the truth after God. Please Have a seat, please.


Ms. Jablin. Michael Javelin is not vindictive, just sad and searching for answers. How do I explain to young children that their mother killed their father? They've lost both parents, basically. Now, how do I explain that to these children? How does anybody explain something like that? In less than an hour, the jury decides to recommend the harshest penalty. We, the jury, having found the defendant guilty of first degree murder, Frederick Javelin fixer punishment at life imprisonment. The five day trial included nearly 60 witnesses and 80 pieces of evidence has now been sentenced to life in prison.


It is over. How do you feel right now? I think we feel good. You got the result that we anticipated having in the long run, but it's nice to see the jury validate our investigation and bring a little bit of justice as close as we're gonna get here anyway, Within minutes of the verdict, we talked with Piper in a holding cell. Piper, a jury has spoken guilty life in prison. Yeah. What's your reaction to that sentence? I think I'm still in shock. It hasn't hit you yet, has it? It somewhat, I don't know.


In spite of all the evidence and the jury's swift verdict, Piper Roundtree still insists she's innocent. For the record, you still are saying that you did not kill your ex-husband. I didn't. I didn't. I mean, obviously it looked like I didn't. You didn't do it? No, I didn't. Will you get an opportunity at all while you're serving your time to see your children? Would you, do you know anything about that? I hope so. I'd be happy to talk to them. Anything you wanna say to 'em? I just love them and miss them and would want to talk to him.


What kind of mother would do this? I think that's a very good question. I don't know what kind of mother would, would, would leave him without a father and without a mother. I don't know. It's very hard to understand that. It's very sad when you have to think about that. I really think she is so sick that she thought she could do this and then just walk into the sunset with her three kids. I think that's how she thought this was gonna play out. Megan McCreary, Fred's neighbor and friend has no sympathy for Piper Roundtree. And what was she thinking? Did she not understand the impact this was gonna have on her children's lives? I mean, she extinguished four lives that day.


She murdered her ex-husband and basically destroys the childhood of her three children. I just, I don't understand what she was thinking The verdict may be in, but what was the jury thinking as they watched the halting testimony of Piper Roundtree? Wouldn't you do anything for your children? I wouldn't kill for them, no. I think that was one of the most serious moments of the trial for me, because it was the nail in the coffin. It was a nail in the coffin when she took the stand. Yeah. For me, that was going from 90% to a hundred percent guilty. Ru led Joel Howell and Timothy James spoke to us about the impression Piper made.


The four or five words that we got out of her weren't a whole lot, and they were not convincing When she took the stand. I mean, you know, it almost seemed like a, you know, she could kind of, you know, turn her tears on and off. And Do you love your children? Yes, very much. And of all the evidence against her, what was it that sealed Piper's fate. The cell phone records. You could very easily track exactly where she was and what she did. Cell Phone tracked her all away? Yes, It did. Yeah, the whole time. And what if Tina Roundtree, the sister Piper, pretended to be the sister, many people say was Piper's best friend. It, it's impossible to know whether or not Tina knew that Piper was going on a trip to murder her ex-husband.


But based on how close they were, it's hard to imagine that Tina was not knowledgeable in some sense that something very serious was gonna take place. She would stick up for her sister, and I think she would do anything short of murder for her sister. Your name came up a lot during the trial. It was almost as if the defense was to blame Tina Roundtree for the murder. What's your reaction to that? They're just trying to set a possibility of doubt in the juror's mind. But you didn't mind. Oh, I don't, the name being used, I don't care in that fashion. Doesn't matter. I will, you know, don't care. It doesn't make, I mean it's, I think it's a stupid defense, But the jury is certain the right Roundtree was convicted.


However, months after the trial, Tina Roundtree herself would be convicted of tampering with evidence. After the murder of Fred Javelin, she would be sentenced to nine months probation. But this jury would sentence Piper to a term, we The jury, fix her punishment at life Imprisonment Far more severe. Why life imprison? We didn't ever want her to come back into her children's lives because it would've been reliving the murder. Piper Roundtree became eligible for parole in 2020.


Her first parole petition was denied. Tina Roundtree died in 2020. If you like this podcast, you can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at wondery.com/survey.