
Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plug in hybrid RAV four, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue Book kbb.com, and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


This season. Let your shoes do the talking designer shoe warehouses packed with fresh styles that speak to your whole vibe without saying a word from cool sneakers that look good with everything, the easy sandals you'll wanna wear on repeat. The ssw has you covered. Find a shoe forever you from the brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, new Balance, and more. Head to your DSW store or visit dsw.com today.


Gee, gee, It was Labor Day weekend 2002 in a nice neighborhood near Hollywood where an SUV was found burning on the side street. Firefighters and cops descend on this normally sleepy neighborhood, and when the firefighters extinguished ablaze and they got a closer look what they saw shocked them inside two young men, their bodies riddled with bullets. When the detectives roll up to this, I mean, the first thing that pops into their minds is this is some kind of a gang killing, or it's related to drugs.


Somehow It appeared that they had been executed. The victims were 30 5-year-old. Michael Tar a doorman in a Hollywood nightclub, and he's doing modeling on the side. I'm 31-year-old, Chris Monson. He was a loyal friend, and for that loyalty, he got repaid with a shower of bullets. As it turns out, these guys were out ping over a million dollars worth of jewelry that I had given my girlfriend, and that's effectively what got them killed. These jewels are, are definitely cursed. Call it a curse. I call it really playing with fire.


Neither of the victims had anything in their background that would suggest that they would fall prey to such a crime. Little did we know all the twists and turns that were gonna happen in this case. Over time, our investigation took us from the pages of Playboy Magazine to an international prostitution ring and ultimately to a multimillion dollar scam on Wall Street. It's got all the elements that you would want in a Hollywood script. It has jewels, greed, sex, and ultimately murder.


You could say it haunts me. It does. I think about it quite a bit more than I should. What haunts retired Los Angeles homicide Detective Bill Cox is the unsolved murders of those two handsome young men who had come to Hollywood to chase their dreams. In all my 20 years of working homicide, I have never run across a case like this one. It's a case that has frustrated police in Hollywood since 2002, which is why we're doing a different 48 hours. Look, I gotta tell you, there's no trial. There's not even an arrest. But Bill Cox in a number of detectives here are convinced this double homicide can be solved.


Perhaps with your help. We begin by telling you what we've learned about this crime. And its two victims. Both young men came from successful families. There was a search warrant. Andrew Blankstein with the Los Angeles Times is one of the country's top crime reporters. Michael Tar, he's out in la, he's kind of living the fast life. Yeah, just a clean cut looking guy. He was, he was well liked and maybe he just hadn't found his way yet. Chris Monson was, comes from a pretty tight-knit family. They had some storage facilities that they owned.


Chris Monson is running the family's business here by all accounts, tar Monson were close friends and hadn't been in trouble with the law, Which made the events on the morning of September 2nd, 2002, so shocking. The bodies of Michael Tardy and Christopher Monson were found in this luxury SUV. They had been shot at close range. The killer or killers tried to burn the vehicle. Were there fingerprints other than Tar and Mansons in that SUV? No, there was no identifiable fingerprints found in there.


There was no really usable evidence. The vehicle was parked probably right about in this area right here. Detective Cox took us back to the upscale North Hollywood neighborhood where the SUV was discovered. None of the people that lived in that neighborhood had heard any shots at all. It, it's not the kind of place that normally that you're gonna find two people murdered on the street. And so the theory is that, that the two men were shot somewhere else and then brought to that street where the car was later lit on fire.


As investigators dug into the victim's backgrounds, they discovered that Michael Tar had a girlfriend that most men could only dream of. Someone millions of men had seen Naked Sandy Bentley, Playboy, covergirl, and former live-in lover of the world's most famous bachelor, Hugh Hefner. She's one of the kind of the first wave of, you know, post-divorce. Hugh Hefner, women who are living at the mansion while he's single and and sowing his outs. Sandy and her identical twin sister Mandy had their 15 minutes of fame back in 2000 as the Bentley twins.


They lived with Hef at the Playboy Mansion, sharing his famous circular bed and sharing some airtime as well. Appearing on some of television's most popular shows like Sex and the City. Oh, Drinking With Three Blondes. I guess that's just a regular day for you. A slow one. Yes. The Daily Show with John Stewart. Can, can I tell you something? Oh, you topped yourself. Yeah. Yeah. That's what life's all about. And Two and a Half Men, where they played Party Girls. Oh, for God's sake Twins. Alan, I got 'em for you, but you can share if you want.


I've had a Think for Twins. I think Hef loved Sandy. I definitely think that he was genuine about his feelings. Isabella St. James is another former live-in Hef girlfriend who wrote about life at the Playboy Mansion in her book Bunny Tails, she has nothing good to say about Sandy Bentley. From what I was told by the Mansion staff, the twins, Sandy and Mandy had caused have a lot of heartache and grief. Heartache. She says like when Hef learned Sandy was cheating on him while still sharing his bed, You're not supposed to date other guys.


You know, Hef is very possessive when you're his girl. You're his girl. But in the late summer of 1999, while still living at the Playboy mansion, long before Sandy began dating Michael Tardo, she quietly became involved with this man multimillionaire Mark Yal, a self-described Wall Street whiz kid. I was looking for the ultimate trophy. Yal had big dreams and Sandy quickly became a part of them. When he was introduced to her by another Playboy model, I stole her from Hugh Hefner, the ultimate heterosexual icon. And was was Hef happy with that?


No, he was not. I am persona grata at the Playboy Mansion, Head over heels. Yella began buying his Playboy bunny spectacular world-class jewelry, like an exact copy of the Ruby and Diamond necklace and earrings that Richard Gear gave Julia Roberts in the movie Pretty Woman. Oh, it was her favorite movie. And how much did that cost you? A quarter of a million. A quarter of a million dollars. Adding insult to betrayal. We, We've had major fundraisers here Have to know during this interview that Sandy was wearing Al's Diamonds a $150,000 necklace and earring set.


But this was just the tip of the diamond iceberg. When Sandy wanted bling, mark couldn't say no. Two Rolexes diamond rings. There's about a million dollars right there. You bought a watch worth half a million dollars. Yes. Are you nuts? I just wanted to make her happy And material things made her happy. Very, very happy. Ya even spent about $3 million buying and redecorating this house for Sandy in Las Vegas. You were in love.


Yes I was. Or crazy. I think both Mark Yal has showered Sandy Bentley with millions of dollars worth of gifts, fur car jewelry, and it's that jewelry that becomes key to this case. Why? Because after Yal and Sandy broke up, she took that jewelry into her relationship with her new boyfriend, Michael Tardo, one of the two men murdered in that SUV. Every day I feel like a full, you know, my greed.


And then you know her greed, you know, resulted in the murders of two innocent people.


This message comes from Greenlight Ready to start talking to your kids about, about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save, spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/spotify.


Your gut affects everything, even your mood. So Ollie created two brand new products to take care of your insides. Ollie, big 10 Probiotics has 10 strains of probiotics, their most ever to support a healthy gut microbiome immune system and stress response. And Ollie's super good superfoods delivers 15 superfoods in tasty gummy form. Find them@ollie.com and exclusively at Walmart. Ollie, these statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


Two dead young men. An unsolved double homicide linked to jewelry and a Playboy model. And at the beginning of the investigative trail, a self-indulgent Wall Street millionaire Playmates porn stars. The, the, the list was endless. I just became a sex craze maniac 11 years ago. Marc Ya Gala was living most every man's fantasy.


Having sex was some of the most beautiful women in the world. It was exhilarating. It was a drug. It was my high, No small feet, especially for this 33-year-old man who stands slightly over five feet tall. And who considered himself a nerd? Growing up in rural Pennsylvania, I was ranked number one in my class. The kids resented me because of that. Do you Have any girlfriends in high school? No. You ever Go on a date in high school? No. But he did take a keen interest in the stock market.


I started spending a lot of time in the library, ordered the Wall Street Journal, ordering annual reports, digging into stocks At age 13. Correct. So what was the attraction? I Had developed sort of this fairy tale from movies that if you get money, you become successful. You get the girl Like in the movie Wall Street. Greed, for lack of a better word, is good. I want it to be Gordon Gecko. Al says he made a hundred thousand dollars trading stocks. While in high school My cousin backed me and I started trading s and p futures, some tech stocks, And he made millions more just a few years later with a hedge fund he'd set up.


It was intoxicating. I was having a great time. Mark was living his dream As I was making money. It started with prostitutes By his own reckoning, he paid for thousands of them, Sometimes three, four different girls a day. In fact, mark Yal says he became totally addicted to sex. I was just out of control in a strip club, in a bathroom, whatever I had to do to get sex, It was a compulsion. Brian Bieber is AL'S lawyer. Mark Gal's conduct makes what Tiger Woods did now look like a junior high school student going through puberty.


Mark had a huge appetite for women. I mean, he would have a girl every day of the week if he could. Al's insatiable appetite led him to this striking woman, Michelle Braun, who's known as the sex queen of la. And I was arguably the most successful madam in the history of the world. She was the first person to really use the internet to offer prostitutes. Ron ran this website, nikki's girls.com. I only worked with famous women, penthouse pets, Playboy Playmates, porn stars, actresses, models. And she claimed she offered these most desirable women to some of the world's wealthiest men, most notably Tiger Woods.


I never discussed sex with the girls or their clients. What I was being paid for was an introduction. Try telling that to Mark Ugal, who was one of bro's earliest clients. And what would a girl like that cost you? Typically Anywhere from 5,000 a night to 50,000 a night. So The the geek in high school who couldn't get a date was now buying some of the most exotic women on planet earth. Any woman I wanted. Yes. Were you also lavishing them with gifts? Yes. Yal says he couldn't help himself. He bought many of his escorts expensive cars, furs, jewelry, even houses costing him millions.


But it was only when another woman introduced Mark to Sandy Bentley, who he began dating, that his spending really went into orbit. All the other girls were gold diggers. But I'd say Sandy was an educated gold digger. They were together for 13 months. Was Mark in love with Sandy Madly in love? Was Sandy in love with him? Madly in love with this money. Yes. The most expensive girl I've ever met in my life. How much did you spend on her? About six to $7 million. Six to 7 million bucks? Yes.


So how did Mark Yal manage to pay for all of this? I was taking client money and there was no boundaries. You were scamming your clients. Yes. Instead of investing their money in stocks, he used it to pay for his incredibly expensive sex Capades. I Was running a one big Ponzi scheme. He just Was the definition of greed. Mike Nan is a special agent with the FBI. He just took whatever he could get and used it for his own personal use without any remorse for the people he was stealing it from. But Mark Ella's world began to crumble, Yo, a brokerage firm over $7 million and they were asking for their money.


I dug such a deep hole, 40, $50 million that I could not get myself out Of. When Sandy got wind of it all. Yaul says she dumped him Pretty much. Did not want to have anything to do with me. She was moving on. Moving on, he says, but keeping most of his extravagant gifts, including a fortune in Jewels. Police believe It was that jewelry that got Michael Tar and Chris Munson murdered. Michael Tardy didn't have street smarts.


Bill Cox and other investigators believe Sandy hatched a plan with Michael Tar to sell some of AL'S gifts under the table to raise some fast cash. Oh, I'm a sucker. Sandy was a total manipulator. Mark Yal is bitter and angry, but is he capable of murder? Did you have anything to do with the murder of Michael Tar and Chris Monson?


Just like in the good book, all roads in this case seem to lead to the Garden of Eden nightclub. Almost all the players in our mystery met and partied here. Mark Yal half and the Bentley twins. It catered to celebrities and big money people in Los Angeles. It's where Michael tardy working. The door became involved with Sandy Bentley, Michael Tar and Sandy Bentley's relationship. What was that? Was this an affair? Were they lovers? It looked like that Sandy was the smitten one here, much more so than Michael.


Happy New Year. Sandy may have played the gold digger in her past affairs, but this relationship seemed different. She did care a lot about Michael Tarial. Sandy definitely did. And Michael and Sandy became a hot item in the hottest club in Hollywood. You're really rubbing elbows with the creme and creme and, and you're in the fast lane Right across the street. That big black blob right now used to be one of the hottest places in the city. Yeah. No. Used to be the Garden of Eden.


And along with all the glamor and celebrity, a seedier element was also drawn to the garden. Detectives started focusing on that as they investigated deeper into Michael Tardy's life. You believe this is the club where Michael Tar met the people ultimately responsible for his murder? Yes. We just don't know who that person is. On the detective's shortlist of suspects. Sandy Bentley's former lover, mark Yal. But there was one problem, had an ironclad alibi.


He was in prison. After pleading guilty to charges related to his massive Ponzi scheme, Mark took in money. He handed out false statements and then he spent the money on leggy blondes. Attorney Eugene Liquor was responsible for finding out where Yal squandered his victims' millions so they could get some money back. A major target. The gifts, yal lavished on Sandy, The, the judge ordered Sandy Bentley to hand over to us all the assets that Mark Gala gave her, which included the house, the jewelry, the cars Faced with losing everything.


Police say a desperate Sandy Bentley went to her new boyfriend, Michael Tar for help. So Sandy literally had nothing. Now they were kicking her out of her house. So at this point, Michael says to her, well why don't you just take a little bit of the jewelry could sell it. And that's just what happened. Watch this grainy surveillance video, a private eye shot at Sandy's Las Vegas mansion the week those two allegedly took the jewels. Sandy lets Aman and says, here's the stuff. And then Michael looks at it and says, no, no, no, that's not enough. Need to take more.


It's estimated that Michael and Sandy Madoff with nearly $1 million in jewels and furs. Now Sandy Bentley claims this was Tars idea, correct? Yes. But tardy of course is dead. Do we really know the ultimate truth? No, we don't know the ultimate truth. But Michael wasn't a criminal. Michael was trying to do something for Sandy to help jumpstart her new life. After Mark Marky gala. This video shows Eugene Liquor inventorying the jewels that were left behind after Sandy was evicted.


You were gonna buy this. How much would it cost? Quarter Of a million. The pretty woman necklace wasn't there. It was definitely worth hundreds of thousands of dollars. The canary diamond ring wasn't there, which I know was at least invoiced at. At at a half a million dollars Empty. All cleaned out. Yeah. You see there's only three bracelets there. I bought her a a lot of bracelets that was empty, Fearful that she would be prosecuted for the missing jewels. Sandy told Eugene Liquor, they were lost or stolen by someone else.


Sandy Bentley not only lied to us about what had happened to the so-called missing jewelry, but she took it. She She stole it. Stole it, and then tried to fence it through her boyfriend, Michael Tar back at the Garden of Eden. Their price for the treasure. $1 million cash. Who had that kind of money? This is where a strange story gets even more bizarre. Meet wealthy jewelry collector. Linda. Kim. Linda, you are wearing very beautiful jewelry. This is a 14 karat diamond. Yes. You know quality jewelry.


I Know quality jewelry. Yeah. Linda Kim also knows Scandal. You are very famous in South Korea. Is that right? I got the one picture with this Korean government. You know, Big trouble is putting it lightly. An international weapons broker. In 2000, Kim was the central figure in a sex and bribery scandal that nearly toppled the South Korean government. Two years after that scandal, Michael tardy came to her at the hotel she owned in LA with what seemed like the deal of a lifetime.


I was so surprised. Very special. Special jewelry, High quality jewelry, Very high quality jewelry. But the deal seemed fishy and she sent him on his way. Something wrong. Something wrong. You know, By this time, too many people knew about the jewelry, including a lot of the wrong people leaving a lot of questions about who murdered Michael Tar and Christopher Monson. Here comes here she comes. Here we go guys. We ready guys. Sandy Bentley. I'm Peter Van Cent with 48 Hours


Running a business. Comes with a lot of what ifs, but luckily there's a simple answer to them. Shopify. It's the commerce platform behind millions of businesses, including Thrive Cosmetics and Momofuku. And it'll help you with everything you need. From website design and marketing to boosting sales and expanding operations. Shopify can get the job done and make your dream a reality. Turn those what ifs into sign up for your $1 per month trial at shopify.com/special offer.


Now streaming. Hi Again. TV's quirky crime solver. I'm ELLs Beth Tassian. I work with the police. It's on the case. I Like my outlandish theories with a heavy dose of evidence And ready to go toe to toe with a cavalcade of guest stars. Are you saying that this is now a murder investigation? It's starting to look that way. Don't miss a moment of the critically acclaimed hit sbe. All episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus and returned CBS fall. That Sounds like fun. Obviously murder's not fun.


This episode is brought to you by select quote, life insurance can have a huge impact on our family's future. With select quote, getting covered with the right policy for you is simple and affordable. Select quotes, licensed insurance agents will tailor your experience to find a life insurance policy for your needs in as little as 15 minutes. And select quote partners with carriers that provide policies for many conditions. Select quote, they shop you save. Go to select quote.com/spotify pod today to get started.


I miss my brother, I miss Chris. And they were good guys With Few leads, no arrests and the investigation going nowhere. The families of Michael Tar and Christopher Monson made a public plea for help And the guy who did it's out there said, please try and help us find them. I spent four years on this case. I put thousands of hours into it. I know that there's witnesses out there. From the very beginning, detective Bill Cox, now retired, had little to go on from the burned Mercedes at the crime scene.


When the investigators looked through the vehicle, there was no DNA. There were no fingerprints. And the million in Jewels gone. But they did find Michael Tardy's. Cell phone and records show. Tardy's girlfriend Sandy Bentley had talked with him just moments before he was murdered. And after questioning regulars at the Garden of Eden nightclub, investigators learned about those high-end jewels. They found out that Michael and Chris were selling this, this jewelry. But Sandy Bentley, the woman who buried it all on the pages of Playboy, suddenly had something to hide When The investigators brought her in a day or so after the murder.


She denied the fact that they were out selling jewelry. Sandy wasn't real cooperative. Sandy was out to protect herself. We're heading north of Los Angeles right now, trying to find Sandy Bentley. We'd requested an interview with her. She turned us down. But we feel as though there's some questions that have to be asked and need to be answered. Sandy Bentley, I'm Peter Van sent with 48 hours. We're doing a story about Michael Tar and I wanted to ask you, what responsibility do you think you bear for Michael Tardy's death and Christopher Manson's death? Can you answer that question?


Did you love Michael Tar? Why won't you talk to us? Why didn't you help the police investigate this case? Sandy finally did open up to the cops when months after the murders, they turned up the heat. I just told her that you may end up going to jail and I don't know if you want to go to the 77th jail. It doesn't look like you'd fit in down there. Sandy eventually agreed to cooperate in the murder investigation. In exchange, she would not be prosecuted for making off with the jewelry. So she decided it was gonna just tell us the truth. I have to believe that she told me the truth.


Sandy now admitted they were trying to sell those jewels and that Michael had finally found a buyer at the Garden of Eden. Michael Tar had been talking to a guy to nightclub and this person knew someone that was interested in this jewelry. So Michael Tardy asked him if he could set up a meet. It was with a mysterious man known as Mr. Big. He's got a lot of money. He drives fancy cars. Michael found out that this deal was set up for the Labor Day weekend, September 1st, 2002.


It would be Michael Tardy's. Last day alive. Michael just started preparing to set this deal up, rented the car, Looking to play the part for his meeting with Mr. Big Tar Rents a black Mercedes. He also tried to find one of these cash counters in anticipation of his million dollar deal. Like The guy you're gonna sell this stuff to is gonna sit in the car while you feed money through the cash machine to count it. But I think Michael just was a victim of too much television or too much reading.


But was Michael getting nervous about the deal? Linda? Kim says that he visited her a second time this time, just hours before the murder, hoping she would reconsider buying the jewels. Did Michael Tar seem desperate to You at that time? Desperate. Yes, exactly. Yeah. So I feel very uncomfortable. Linda said No, Some jewelries bring, bring me the bad luck, bad energy. Linda wasn't the only one who sensed bad energy. Mark action. Michael asked a Hollywood stunt man like these guys to serve as muscle for the deal.


The stunt man declined Once this guy said no, then Michael had to rely on his best friend At the time, Chris Monson And Chris Monson did what best friends do. Christopher Monson is really the tragedy in this case, in the sense that he wanted to be there to, to make sure nothing happened to his friend. Finally, at around nine 30, Michael and Christopher set out on their fatal rendezvous. All the jewelry had been cleaned, all ready to go. Their first stop was this restaurant on Sunset Boulevard where cops, they met Mr.


Big. Do you have a sense of who this Mr. Big is based on your own investigation? No, you don't. Not a clue. After meeting the prospective buyer, Mr. Big, they head up into the Hollywood Hills Not knowing who you're meeting, following them to a location where you don't know where you're going. At 1130, Sandy made that last call to Michael And he says they were driving through the Mount Olympus area and that was the end of the conversation.


And that was the last conversation she had with them. Less than two hours later, It was a surprise attack. These guys were caught completely off guard. Police believe Michael and Chris were shot somewhere in these hills. And then the car was driven down to the North Hollywood area where it set a fire. Let there be no mistake. This is a, a really brutal crime and and somebody knows what happened. And it was Sandy Bentley who would provide police with the most significant clue a phone number Michael gave her.


Right before he left for the meeting, Michael Told Sandy, if anything happens called this number And that phone number links to the man who may hold the key to solving these murders.


This episode is brought to you by Factor. Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor's. Fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes? Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code. Listen, 50 Ts and Cs apply


Now streaming when everything's on the line. Real heroes rise to the occasion. TV's hottest show is Fire Country. We're firefighters. We're gonna find a way to get you outta here. We take the hits together. Ah, we're on the same team. I'm right here with you no matter what. I would never leave you hanging in the deep end. This place is a way of giving you new family fire country. All episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus.


Back in 2002, the strongest lead cops had was that telephone number Michael Tar had left with his girlfriend Sandy Bentley. It linked to a person who would play a central role in the investigation. This person of interest has been interviewed a number of times. He's been surveilled a number of times. There's been a lot of pressure put on this person of interest. 48 hours has learned. He's talking about Michael Jacobs, a convicted felon seen here in a 1999 mugshot after resisting arrest. People from the Garden of Eden Nightclub told us he and Michael Tar discussed selling the jewels.


Police believe Jacobs brought Tar and Mr. Big together for the million dollar deal. Michael Jacobs has to know who the guy is that he set Michael Tar up with. 'cause he's the middleman. Police say evidence shows that in the hours before the killings, there were multiple calls between the cell phones of Tar and Michael Jacobs during the day and into the night. In fact, Jacob's cell phone showed activity in the area where Tar and Monson went to meet. According to cops, Mr. Big before heading up here into the Hollywood Hills, Jacob's cell phone also showed activity.


And this is important in the area where the bodies were found. There's no doubt in our mind Michael Jacobs is the key to the case. Hey Mike, it's Chris O'Connell from 48 hours After a two month search. Investigative producer Chris O'Connell finally got Michael Jacobs on the phone from our office in New York. You knew Michael Tar, you knew Christopher Munson. You know you're one of the last people seen talking to them By law. We're prohibited from recording Jacob's voice. Thanks Mike. All right, bye. Is it your sense that Michael Jacobs knows much more about this case than he told you in this conversation?


He knows that this is about Jules, but he won't say that O'Connell flies to Los Angeles. He said he wanted to meet tonight. Let's see if he's for real. He doesn't have an address for Jacobs. Just a phone number. I, I don't think you wanna me, I think you wanna talk and sort of find out what I know. But when they finally connect, Jacobs gets cold Feet. Don, you've confirmed a lot of things that I've heard and I'm gonna use that, Including the fact that Sandy Bentley did call him that night looking for Tar. Jacobs refused an on camera interview. He also refused to answer any questions about the jewelry deal except to say that he had nothing to do with the murders.


And that he quote sleeps well at night. He is the one who could actually blow this case open, but he just doesn't want to be cooperative Code. At the time of the murders, Jacobs was questioned extensively by police, but they never had evidence to charge him. For now, this investigation has hit a wall. Is this case solvable? Yes. I've always felt that it was solvable. The woman at the center of it all, who once wore those millions in jewels, Playboy, Covergirl, Sandy Bentley is a little less glamorous today.


She is married and a mother, her former sugar daddy who bought all those jewels, mark Al is broke and still owes millions to the people he scammed. You know, I go from living every man's fantasy to having nothing. No women. No women. In my case, people lost money. Two people now have lost their lives. And the other mystery is, where did all those jewels go? Nobody find out jewelry. No. All disappear.


It's all disappeared. They may cut up the jewels, get rid of them. It's long gone. I mean it's, you can't even trace it. Very lucky I didn't buy that jewelry. I didn't get involved with that deer. You know, if I buy that one and what? What's gonna happen? They're gonna kill me. And so for now, we end this story the way it began on the streets of Hollywood. A crime unsolved and two promising young men dead. But authorities believe that with your help, they can solve this mystery and find the killer or killers of Michael Tar and Christopher Monson as we sit here talking today, there's a killer out there.


Yep. A killer in your town. Yep. Who's a free man? I would love more than anything to just have one little lead. It's amazing what we can do with one little lead.


Get ready to laugh until it hurts. You're gonna love this. Novocaine is now streaming on Paramount Plus I Got this condition. I don't feel pain. You're A superhero. Yeah, it's an adrenaline rush of fun. Whoa. This is the Best and a bloody good time. Almost. We got the best part. It's the first great action comedy of the Year. Let the magic happen. That's good. Looking forward to it. Novocaine rated R now streaming on Paramount Plus


Now streaming. When everything's on the line, real heroes rise to the occasion. TV's hottest show is fire country. We're firefighters. We're gonna find a way to get you outta here. We take the hits together. We're on the same team. I'm right here with you no matter what. I would never leave you hanging in the deep end. This place is a way of giving you new family fire country. All episodes now streaming on Paramount Plus.