
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today. Even If, you love the thrill of true crime stories as much as I do. There are times when you wanna mix it up and that's where Audible comes in with all the genres you love and new ones to discover. Explore thousands of audio books, podcasts, and originals with more added all the time. Listening to Audible can lead to positive change in your mood, your habits, and even your overall wellbeing. And you can enjoy Audible anytime while doing household chores, exercising, commuting, you name it. There's more to imagine when you listen.


Sign up for a free 30 day Audible trial and your first audio book is free. Visit Audible dot ca. I have found such a beautiful community in California. I have fallen in love with the people and the nature and the culture, and I just can't wait to get back there in the fall. But this time as I'm planning my next trip to LA, I don't wanna just leave my place unused when I could easily be making extra money and just Airbnb my home while I'm away. I am an avid user of Airbnb and I'm excited to try out the hosting side of it. So for the next trip, you plan, just remember that while you're away, your home could be an Airbnb and it might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at airbnb.ca/host.


My name is Damien Lins. For the past 18 and a half years, I've been in prison in Arkansas on death row for a crime I didn't commit. My name is Jason Baldwin and I'm innocent for the crime I was convicted of. I think I always knew this day would come. I think I always knew that we would be free. I just didn't know how or when The Little boys were found in a drainage ditch. Eight year olds mutilated and beaten to death, sickening killings that might have been part of a satanic ritual.


The crime was horrific because of the victims and how innocent they were. They loved the woods. They were wonderful children. Christopher was a shy one. Michael Moore. He was gonna be a police officer. Stevie, I'm so proud of him. He was an achiever. I'm the mother of Steve Branch. Three teenagers were taken into custody. They are each charged with three counts of capital murder. There's not a shred of evidence against Damien, Jason, or Jesse. This is from the Diary of Damien.


Johnny Depp has been extraordinarily helpful and he knows this case inside and out. Swift Justice at the time, Get him outta the way in a van To placate the understandably angry and and frightened community. You Don, we go get you. Y'all go into prison. We, the jury, after careful deliberations have determined that Damien Eccles shall be sentenced to death by lethal injection Was very much like the Salem Witch trials. They were easy targets.


Your freedom comes at a very high price. I don't think it's perfect, but I think it was the best thing we could do. For now. This is not what I thought justice would look like. The West Memphis three free tonight's 48 hours mystery.


For 12 years, Lori Davis had been married to a man she couldn't live with. Even worse, they could rarely touch until now. Is there a way to describe what you are feeling right now? I Too many things. You know it just about any emotion, any thought, anything else that you could put a name to? I'm probably having it or probably have had it at some time over the past week. You know, there's excitement. There's maybe a little bit of anxiety, curiosity.


Damien Eccles is finally tasting the freedom. He's longed for his entire adult life, convicted of a notorious crime. In 1994, he was on death row waiting execution. When he first spoke with us, the only bright spot in his life was Lori. She's like a living, breathing miracle in human form. She is my life in every aspect, in every regard, in every way. She is my universe. Lori met Damien after she became aware of his controversial case.


She wrote to him, traveled from New York to see him and offered her help. It was the right thing to do because he is innocent. I can understand you believing that he's innocent and wanting to work on his case, but what made you actually decide to marry him? Well, I mean, the simple answer is I loved him. He's an amazing person. Damien is one of the men known as the West. Memphis three. His co-defendants, Jason Baldwin and Jesse Ms. Kelly, were also in prison, sentenced to life. But from the outset, serious questions were raised about their guilt.


And over the years, a growing number of people began to demand a new look at the case, including Natalie Mains of the Dixie Chicks. Three Innocent people are losing years of their life to a wrongful conviction. Eddie Vetter a Pearl Jam. There's nothing that says they're guilty And actor Johnny Depp. I'm here because I firmly, truly thousand percent believe Damien ols, Jason Baldwin, and Jesse and Ms. Kelly are totally innocent. But the demands fell on death ears in the Arkansas courts, which repeatedly upheld all three convictions.


Prosecutors maintained that Damien, Jason, and Jesse were responsible for the murders of three 8-year-old boys. On May fifth, 1993 that day, Chris Byers, Michael Moore and Stevie Branch were out playing together. Stevie was a very outgoing, brilliant child. Anybody that knew him loved him. Stevie's mom, Pam, a waitress back then, didn't worry very much when her son wasn't home before her 5:00 PM shift began. I just figured he might have lost track of time and was on his way home.


It was when her husband, Stevie's stepfather picked her up at nine that she heard for the first time that the boys had still not returned. I just started crying and saying, God, no, no. Why ain't he home? Pam searched straight through the night, along with other panicked parents, including Chris Bayer's. Father Mark, We look for to all around the area, and we haven't been able to find bicycle or any clothing or any signs of them at all. I'm scared to death. 2 31. Then at 1:00 PM police made a grim discovery in a wooded strip by the interstate known to the kids as Robinhood Hills.


The three boys were found submerged in water. Stevie, Michael and Chris were found bludgeoned and drowned in a drainage ditch. Their bodies were naked and hogtied with their own shoe laces. I hit the ground screaming, God no, no, Just the gut-wrenching moment to put into words the disaster, the devastation.


Six days later, Mark Byers buried his son Chris. When these murders happened, it was something that was almost like an atomic bomb going off. You have three children that are murdered. I mean, that in itself is a pretty horrific thing. And then slowly details start coming out about how they were found. Now, a lot of these details weren't true. There were a lot of rumors. Like what kind of rumors? I heard that one of 'em was skinned. I heard that one of 'em face was cut off. Then you start hearing all these, you know, people whispering about maybe it was Satanist that did this.


It was a time when a media fueled hysteria about satanic cult activity was sweeping the country. It's the practice of evil. It exists and it's flourishing. Damien who wore black clothing and listened to heavy metal music stood out in this rural community and he came under suspicion. All black was the only thing I ever wore. Ridiculous hairstyles. I was a stupid teenager. I really was a smart ass. Damien. You didn't help yourself too much, did you? Oh, I didn't help myself at all. No, I didn't. Police won't confirm it, but it's believed the murders were cult related.


The police had Damien in their sights and word of that got out. I walked into a softball game, I went around the concession stand and I hear people saying, there he is. That's him. I Mean, and they're pointing at you because, oh yeah, they think you might have had something to do with the murders. Yeah, still there was no physical evidence to connect Damien to the crime, but then someone he knew spoke out. Stream the best of British TV on Brit Box. Watch captivating dramas and gripping mysteries, whether it's entire series of massive hits like Sherlock and Vera, new seasons of originals like the responder starring international Emmy winner, Martin Freeman, or an extraordinary selection of beloved treasures featuring Idris Elba, Jody Comer, Matthew McFadden, Benedict Cumberbatch and more.


Only on Brit Box. Watch with a free trial@britbox.com. Imagine you're walking through the park one day and you see a suspicious backpack sitting underneath a bench. You report it to the police, and upon investigating, they discover two live pipe bombs inside you rush to clear the area before they explode, saving countless lives and preventing injury. Everyone declares you a hero for a fleeting moment until everything changes and you are declared the prime suspect. This was the story of security guard Richard Jewel. After the Centennial Park bombing killed one person and wounded more than 100 public pressure. And a media witch hunt pushed a desperate FBI to find a suspect. Despite obvious holes in the case and unethical tactics used by the FBI, security guard Richard Jewell was under pressure to confess.


I'm Aaron Habel. And I'm Justin Evans. Join us as we explore the aftermath of the 1996 Centennial Olympic Park bombing in the newest season of our podcast, generation Y, the Olympic Park bombing Follow Generation Y on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to Generation Y ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus. The fates of the West Memphis three were sealed just one month after the three 8-year-old boys were found dead in the woods. In June, 1993, there were arrests in custody.


17-year-old Jesse, Ms. Kelly, 16-year-old Jason Baldwin and the alleged ringleader. 18-year-old Damien Eckles. Each teenager greeted by threats from a big and angry crowd of spectators. That's why all three of 'em are punks Punks. Stevie Branch's mother Pam was consumed with anger, beat Their head up against the wall, get them outta the way to bed. What were you feeling? Anger, fear.


Everything in the world just went wrong and there's absolutely nothing you can do about it. The police were confident they had the killers. A Scale of one to 10, how solid the indication. 1110. The key evidence, a statement that Jesse, Ms. Kelly gave them in it. He said he saw Damien and Damien's best friend Jason abuse the three boys in a devil worshiping ritual. Did you consider Jesse Ms. Kelly a friend? To be honest, I didn't really think of him at all. He was just someone that was sort of on the fringes of mine and Jason's life.


The best way to describe Mr. Kelly's capabilities is he is operating at about the level of a five-year-old child, Dan Stidham. Now a state judge was Jesse, miss Kelly's lawyer. He says it was clear his client knew very little about a cult rituals. I Walked in one day and he hands me this book on the cover it had a picture of the devil and he said, Dan, he said, who is satin Satin Satin? Here's a kid who's supposed to have committed the very first ever satanic ritualistic homicide. Yet he didn't know who Satan was. At first, Jesse told the police he knew nothing.


I got a feeling here. You're not quite telling me everything now, just tell us the truth. But after hours of pressure, Jesse finally implicated Damien and Jason. I saw Dam hit this one boy real bad. Then the Jason hit Steve branch And then Jesse implicated himself by saying he chased down a boy who ran away. He thought he was helping by adding to the story, but he turned himself from a witness into a, an accomplice. A lot of what Jesse said was just wrong. For example, he first said the crime took place early in the morning, but the victims were at school all day.


Nevertheless, all three teens were charged with murder. In January, 1994, eight months after the crime, Jesse, Ms. Kelly was the first to go on trial. Did it ever occur to you that what he was telling you was false? Defense attorneys did attacked the police not only for the tactics they used on Jesse, but for the major mistake they made On the night that the homicides occurred. Someone had stumbled into a fast food restaurant covered in mud and blood That night. The Bojangles restaurant manager reported the bloody man to police was an Imprint of blood around the toilet.


But detectives waited until the next day to collect evidence and then they lost it. They had actually taken a blood sample and never got to the crime lab. Police never identified or found that potential suspect, but at trial their blunder was overshadowed by Jesse's own words. Jurors heard the recorded parts of his statement. Did you see any of the boys be killed? Yes, It was enough. Alright, Ladies and gentlemen, your verdict. Jesse was convicted and sentenced to life in prison.


Are you in a call? Are you in a call? Damien? Less than three weeks later, Damien Eccles and Jason Baldwin went on trial together. I had people standing out there screaming, telling me every morning when I would go into court how I was gonna die, how the state was gonna fry me. Jesse, Are you sorry for what you did? Jesse, Ms. Kelly refused to testify against Damien and Jason. Prosecutors could not use his confession because it would've violated the defendant's right to face their accuser. Alright, Call your first witness. But two girls who were at that softball game that Damien attended testified that they overheard him admit to the murders.


And Who was Damien talking to? All the people there. All the people there. I don't remember saying that at the time because to me it, I didn't actually do it. So when I, it would've been like a joke. Help me understand why you would think that's a joke back then. It's the person I was and it's the way I thought at that time in my life and I, I can't make ex excuses for it. Today's exhibit number 77. There was no physical evidence to connect Damien and Jason to the crime, but the state had Dale Griffiths a self-professed satanic cult expert. This guy had a mail order PhD.


Are you saying that this murder was held at a occult service? Yes. There were no signs of any service, satanic or otherwise at the scene. Still, Griffith noted that the moon was full and he offered an opinion about why the police didn't find much blood. They will take it and store it. They will use it to bathe in. They'll use it to drink. But police didn't find any blood in Jason and Damien's homes. You can't believe that anybody's gonna take that kind of stuff seriously when you're going through it. But evidently they did. Dale Griffith was the gasoline that they threw on the fire.


You decided to take the stand? Yes, I did. But I behaved in ways that were very, very stupid. There were times when I was really inappropriate. Unlike Damien, Jason Baldwin never took the stand. Prosecutors had tried to get him to testify against Damien in exchange for a five year sentence, but Jason refused. In essence, that would actually make me guilty of murder. I'd be guilty of murdering Damien 'cause that's what it would've done. It would've put him on death row, an innocent person and I'd have committed murder right there in my heart. I can't even contemplate doing something like that. But even without testimony from Jason, We the jury find Damien Eckels guilty of capital murder in the death of Stevie Branch.


Guilty. Both Damien and Jason were convicted of first degree murder. Do either of you have anything you wanna say? Nope. Jason got life. Damien Eccles shall be sentenced to death by lethal injection. Damien believed to be the mastermind got death. That was the absolute worst, absolute crushing despair knowing that you didn't do what they sent you here for.


I had come to feel absolutely hated and loathed by the world Condemned to death row. In 1994, Damien Ecol had little hope and then two years later, paradise lost a documentary about his case was released. That is probably what has saved my life. I really do believe without that footage of the trials, the state would've probably already killed me. By now, we, the Jury, find Damien Eccles guilty of capital. People Were outraged by what they saw. Reporter Mara Levert detailed the flaws of the case in her book and Damien heard from people around the world.


This is a card he made, I think, including the New York landscape architect, Lori Davis. In 2009, Lori told us how it changed her life. I took two years off completely from working from my job to work completely on the case. Every minute that I wasn't sleeping, I was working on the case. In time, Lori spearheaded the campaign that would eventually get the case back to court. We finally got the funding we needed to hire experts like forensic scientists, investigators, profilers, everyone who could look at this case and take it apart. And that's exactly what we did.


This is how she explained the unorthodox romance that developed along the way. I had never met anyone and it's fascinating and anyone who captured my attention as much as he did, so I, I was gonna let him go. So you married a man that you had never touched or kissed? Yes. Yeah, I did. Just days after being released from 10 years in solitary confinement, Damien sat down with Lori for their first television interview as a couple. They told us what it was like to finally be together. It was just strangely Normal.


Normal, Yeah. And You know, I didn't, we didn't feel, I mean I didn't feel, In a way it didn't feel like it was anything new. Yeah, It didn't because in, I know it's hard to understand, but we know each other really, really well. We're very close on many levels. So I think people, when they think of relationships, when they think of physical or sexual relationships, they don't take into account all the other levels of activity and things going on, on the mental level, on the emotional level, all these different things. We had all of that already, you know, the only thing that was lacking was the physical sensation. So that's why I guess it didn't really seem that new in a lot of ways.


Are you glad you married him, Lori? Oh yeah. Over the years as Lori fought for Damien's Freedom, she worked closely with the advocates who could bring attention to the case like Johnny Depp. Is there something about the way Damien Eccles was treated as a teenager that you can relate to? Well, I, I I, I immediately related to Damien what he went through growing up. He comes from a small town in Arkansas. I come from a, you know, relatively small town in Kentucky. I, I can remember being kind of looked upon as a, a freak or, you know, different because I, 'cause I didn't dress like everybody else. So I can empathize with being judged by how you look as opposed to who you are.


It's, it, it, it's mind blowing how it actually happened. My reaction was this is an outrage. Lori also reached out to renowned attorney Steven Bragga, who agreed to take Damien's case pro bono. I tend to get incredibly personally invested into my cases and, but these kinds of cases in particular cases where life or death is at issue. It's like going to war with somebody and, and I need to know that the person I'm in the foxhole with is a person I want to be with and a person I believe is innocent. By the time Bragga came aboard in 2009, the defense team had already attacked the heart of the state's case that the victims were killed in a Satanic ritual.


Some of the world's leading forensic pathologists have come forward, six or seven of them all agreeing that in fact these were wounds caused by something called Post Mortem animal predation basically means after death, animals attacked the bodies and created these wounds. If I could approach the witness, your Honor. Yes. Not only were jurors misled about the forensics, he says yes, that's correct. They also failed to abide by crucial rules. The jury foreman took it upon himself to tell the jurors in deliberations about Mr. Ms Kelly's confessions. Remember Jesse, Ms.


Kelly's confession was ruled inadmissible at Damien and Jason's joint trial. But these notes taken by a juror indicate the confession was brought up during deliberations. And ironically they heard about the confession but didn't hear about the problems With it. Oh absolutely. The defense lawyers never had the chance to attack the reliability 'cause they didn't even know the jury was gonna consider the confession twice as devastating Since the trials experts have discredited Jesse's confession concluding he didn't seem to know much about the crime, Lori says that's because Damien, Jason and Jesse did not commit the crime and no physical evidence links them to it.


Three teenage boys, there's no way they would've been able to come home not being covered in mud, their clothes, their shoes, and possible, you know, blood spatter. I don't think for a minute they would've been able to cover up their tracks, But someone else just might have left something behind. It was 1989 in Heightsville, Florida. Can Kim Hallick said she and her ex-boyfriend Chip Flynn were kidnapped and attacked at gunpoint?


Kim fled the scene but Chip didn't make it out alive. Did you kill Chip Flynn? No ma'am. Crosley Green has lived more than half his life behind bars for a crime. He says he didn't commit. I'm Erin Moriarty of 48 hours. And of all the cases I've covered, this is the one that troubles me most. Involving an eyewitness count that doesn't quite make sense. A sistering against a brother. They Always say lies you can't remember lies A lack of physical evidence and questions about whether Crosley Green was accused, arrested and convicted because he's black. Just because a white female says a black man has committed a crime, we take that as gospel.


Listen to murder in the Orange Grove, the trouble case against Crosley Green early in ad free on Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Are you in trouble with the law? Need a lawyer who will fight like hell to keep you outta jail. We Defend and we fight just like you'd want your own children. D defended, whether you're facing a drug charge caught up on a murder app, accused of committing war crimes, look no further than Paul Berggren. All the big guys go to Bergen 'cause he gets everybody off. You name it, Paul can do it. Need to launder some money. Broker a deal with a drug cartel. Take out a witness from wondering the makers of doctor death. And over my dead body comes a new series about a lawyer who broke all the rules.


Doesn't It funny how witnesses disappear or how evidence doesn't show up or somebody doesn't testify Correctly in order to win at all costs? If Paul asked you to do something, it wasn't a Request, it was an Order. I'm your host Brandon Jins Jenkins. Follow criminal attorney on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to criminal attorney early and a free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts That used to be all trees over there.


There was woods over there and the Robin Hood Hills area was right over there. Private investigator Rachel Geiser was working on Damien Eckels case in 2007 when evidence found here at the crime scene was retested for DNA. Actually the two bikes were found on either side of the, of the pipe in the water. One key find was a hair entangled in the ligature that bound 8-year-old victim Michael Moore. Whoever tied it, there was a haircut in it and that would just be extremely incriminating evidence. In my opinion, The DNA did not match any of the victims. More important, it excluded Damien, Jason, and Jesse.


But incredibly the hair and the knot was consistent with this man. Terry Hobbes, the stepfather of Stevie Branch. Hobbes says one of the victims could have carried the hair to the crime scene They played in our homes if it got there by transfer. That's how it happened. If it was even my hair, We presently in the CID office of the West Memphis Police Department 14 years after the murders, the police finally questioned Terry Hobbs Possible new evidence that that may have come up. And just to fill in some blanks, I guess Terry has told varying stories that often contradict what other people have said.


For example, his friend David Jacoby in a sworn affidavit said he was in the woods with Terry after dark, but not between six and six 30 as Terry said. Do you know David Jacoby says that you left and you went off by yourself? Well I wasn't off affidavit. David left with me. Is he then lying when he says that? David didn't say that. So you say you were never by yourself, correct? Correct. Do you think Terry Hobbs is a honest guy? No. You said that pretty quickly. I've called him in quite a few lies over the years. Back in 1993, Terry Hobbs, ex-wife Pam lashed out at the teenagers she believed killed her son.


That's Why all three of 'em are Punks. Punks. Now she has doubts. Does that trouble you? The fact that DNA that is consistent with Terry's was found right in the ligature? What troubles Pam is that years after the murders she found Stevie's small pocket knife with Terry's belongings. Terry says he took it from Stevie Long before the crime. As a parent you don't want an 8-year-old carrying a pocket knife around. And as far as you know, did Stevie have that knife up until the day he died? Are you saying that Terry lied about that Terry did die? Although Pam now says that in her heart she can't believe Terry could have committed such a horrible crime.


She did wonder why her ex-husband waited so long to tell her that Stevie was missing If. you were really worried and Stevie had never been out that late. You didn't call Pam and say, look, your son still isn't home. Pam was working. Lose your little kids like this. See how There is one matter on which Hobbes has been very consistent? He has always said he didn't see his stepson Stevie at all the day he disappeared. So you're saying for a fact you did not see Stevie all day? That's the truth. Two of Terry Hobbs' old neighbors. Dispute that down there. It's the next one down. Debbie Moyer lived with her daughter Jamie 13 at the time, just three houses away from Stevie Branch When he was murdered, did the police ever come to your door and ask you any questions whether you had seen the boys?


No, they never did. The police never canvassed the neighborhood. If they did, I did not see 'em. So they said nothing until 2009 when they called a tip line set up by Damien's defense team to report something they remembered seen back On May fifth, 1993. Around six 30 they say they saw the boys playing in their backyard. As Jamie was leaving for a church meeting, she spoke with Chris Byers. He ran right out in the bushes in between the two houses right here. And I said, Christopher, go home. And he said, I don't have to do what you tell me to do Right then she says, Terry Hobbs called out to the boys And he said, get back down here to the house.


And they went that direction. Terry Hobbs has said to me that he did not see the boys at all that day. If he says he did not see them, he's not telling the truth. He saw 'em. He was out there with them. He told 'em to come to his house. I did not see Stevie at all. May the fifth, Are they mistaken? They're lying. Terry, You gotta help me out. Why would they lie? I don't know. Why Did you kill your stepson? Did you have anything to do with his death? No, I did not. And why should somebody believe you? It's the truth. After Hobbes spoke with the West Memphis police in 2007, you would take us Back to May The fifth.


They told the press that he was not and never had been a suspect. Still the DNA evidence would be critical if Damien ever got a new trial, says his attorney Steven Bragga. This hair from the Moore Ligature is not sufficient to convict Harry Hobbs of committing these crimes. And we've never said that We have proof that he committed these crimes. What it is sufficient to show is a reasonable doubt that these defendants did not do it because it's definitely not their hair. But getting a new trial seemed almost impossible. Appeal after appeal was turned down until finally in August, 2011, a development that no one could have anticipated In the Pacific Ocean.


Halfway between Peru and New Zealand lies a tiny volcanic island. It's a little known British territory called Pitcan and it harbored a deep, dark scandal. There wouldn't be a girl on Pitcan once they reached the age of 10. That would still a virgin. That just happens to all. I'm journalist Luke Jones and for almost two years I've been investigating a shocking story that has left deep scars on generations of women and girls from pit can. When there's nobody watching, nobody going to report it. People will get away with what they can get away With. In the Pitcan trials, I'll be uncovering a story of abuse and the fight for justice that has brought a unique lonely Pacific Island to the brink of extinction.


Listen to the Pitcan trials exclusively on Wondery Plus. join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify New CBS Saturday. A former state trooper's wife found dead in her bathtub. It was a gunshot but was it a coverup for murder? Dan thought he was smart enough to trick everybody. The packed duffle bag, wet towels, it looks odd. A new 48 hours. Saturday at ten nine Central on CBS and streaming on Paramount Plus, When we first spoke with Damien Ecol, he was still hanging his hope on the DNA found at the crime scene. You can do a lot of things now with forensic testing and and DNA that you couldn't do back in 1993, Judge David Burnett, the original trial judge denied Damien and the other two defendants a new trial based on the DNA.


But the Arkansas Supreme Court agreed to review that ruling. That's when Lori decided to pull out all the stops. I contacted all of our longtime supporters and friends and you know, kind of heavy hitters and said, let's do something in Arkansas to just wake people up to let them know, send the message out to everyone about what we're going into. And all of them said, yeah, let's do it. In August, 2010, those friends of the West Memphis three show up in force, Natalie Mains, Eddie Veter, Patty Smith, Johnny Depp, are all determined to keep the case in the spotlight.


You wanna do all you can you know to to, to help. Right? The wrongs and the clock is ticking Two months later. A stunning reversal of fortune. It, it was like winning. You know, the Super Bowl, The Arkansas Supreme Court blows all three cases wide open, ordering a different judge to examine all evidence, old and new and decide if there should be new trials. The hitch, everyone will have to wait another year. Sometimes I think they hope things is just gonna like die away and people gonna start going away and stop paying attention.


But then attorney Steven Bragga comes up with an idea to get Damien out. A rarely used legal procedure in which a defendant proclaims innocence and yet pleads guilty. The Alfred plea, The Alfred plea is sort of a technical winking, a nod. We're innocent but we're signing this paper to get the case over. Damien, Jason, Jesse have spent the last 18 years saying we're innocent and then an Alford plea. Yeah, absolutely. Mr. Ols was living in a box about eight foot by 11 foot. No windows, no open bars, A little slapped through the door. He needed to get out of there To brag a surprise.


The state agrees, but only if all three men go along with it. As the prosecutors were demanding finality, that's what they wanted. They wanted to bring an end to this legal tangle. It sounds crazy, but fine. He's gonna have to plead guilty, but he can maintain his innocence. I literally felt like I was gonna have a heart attack. There's a possibility that I may walk out of this place within a week, that this can all become like a bad dream. Like Damien Jesse, Ms. Kelly agrees to the deal. Everything's a go until Jason Baldwin weighs in. I told him I would not accept the plea 'cause it's wrong. Anybody logical and reasonable and un my eyes could look at it and realize that they had the wrong, as you know, and release us.


And I and I was just unwilling to accept anything less. What Was your reaction when you heard that? I can't even describe it. Just despair. Because Damian couldn't contact Jason directly. His longtime supporter, Eddie Vater and attorney Steven Bragga did it for him. Writing Jason letters. How close did this deal come to Just dying, not making it at all? I'd say very close. We had a deadline from the prosecutors. They were, we were within 48 hours of the deal going away. Jason changes his mind. He'll take the deal and give up his hope for a new trial.


There's really no guarantee, as it was proven during my original trial, that the right thing would've happened and Damien could very, really lost his life. On August 19th, 2011, the three men who hadn't spoken with each other for 18 years were brought to court. You know, I lived in almost absolute terror that this wasn't gonna happen. That something was gonna fall through and, and I literally could not rest until they came and got us and took us to the courthouse. There are victim's parents among the supporters there, Stevie Branch's mother, Pam Hobbes and Chris Byer father Mark, because They're innocent.


They did not kill my son. But other victims', relatives, including Stevie Branch's father are angry. They were found guilty and I think they are guilty. Mr. Eccles, Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Ms. Kelly If. you Would say the men stand before Judge David Lazer in a procedure that takes all of a half hour. Your Honor, I am innocent of these charges, but I'm entering an Alfred guilty plea today. They are sentenced to time served and in the paradox that is the Alfred plea, the prosecutor gets his convictions.


I have no reason to believe that there was anyone else involved in the homicide of these three, these three children. But the three defendants who pled guilty today And the imprisoned men are allowed to wa free. If they didn't know they were Innocent because they actually believed you were guilty, there's no way in hell they would let you go. Three kids murdered and they're gonna let three murders and one of them on death row, walk out of prison. And you know, it just would. It wouldn't happen. And I did Not want to take the deal from the go. However, they're trying to kill Damien and I recognize and acknowledge that he did do it almost entirely for me.


Thank you Mr. Broad. Yeah. Yeah, he did thank me. Gave me a big old hug actually, you know, and it felt good. What's the first thing you wanted to do when you got out of there? Go outside at night. When was the last time you had been outside at night, 18 and a half years before that. The night we were released from prison, everybody just sort of had like a small celebration and we went out on the rooftop and watched the sunset, watched the stars come out. I smiled so much that my face actually hurt from it, but it's a good thing.


Jason says His days behind bars weren't as bad as Damien's. He had a job and tutored other inmates. He's now soaking up the everyday life that most people take for granted. I'm trying to learn the rules of the road so I can learn to drive. Went to the movies the other night. I'm living a great life. I'm free for the first time ever. This is a whole new world. Damien credits Lori for keeping him sane all these years. Corner of 50, seventh and fifth, Just days after his release, they came to New York. That's Where I used to work. Does it feel overwhelming how much stuff there is you have to learn?


It is, but it's also fun smell. It's just getting stronger and stronger. Well, it's horses is what it is. I don't want to be a child. I want to know how to navigate in this world. Whether it's technology or whether it's finding my way up and down the streets of New York City, I'm can get exhausted. He doesn't. Jesse, Ms. Kelly is back home with his family and enrolled in a community college. But all three men are paying a heavy price for their new lives. Mr. Les, Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Ms. Kelly If, you would stand please To the world. They're convicted felons. We can continue work on this case, but we can do it from out here instead of with me sitting in a prison cell.


The fight's not over with. I talked to my attorney and everything's a goal on continuing this investigation. So who did kill those three innocent 8-year-old boys? Was it someone they knew? And who was that bloody muddy man at the Bojangles restaurant who was never found? There was also DNA and a partial fingerprint recovered at the crime scene that are still unidentified. Hopefully someday we will find that smoking gun, that key piece of inculpatory DNA or a deathbed confession or a witness will come forward and say, you know, this is really what happened Until then.


It's an imperfect ending and something short of justice for everyone. You have a tough road ahead of you. Yeah, it's not gonna be easy. I mean, one thing in our lives that has been easy Or normal, everything we've done in our lives since we've been together hasn't been easy, but it's worked. If, you like this podcast? You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


I've been spending more time in California lately and I just love it there. Literally every time I'm there, it just feels like that song. I think I like this little life and I can't wait to get back there to my friends and the community that I've built. I'm hoping to get back in the fall, but every time I visit LA I've realized I could easily be making some extra money if I just Airbnb my home while I'm away. I always love staying in Airbnbs when I'm away so I can just settle into a good routine and I'm excited to host people in my home too. Whether you have extra space in your home or you're looking to make some extra money while you travel somewhere fun, your home might be worth more than you think. Find out how much at airbnb.ca/host At a time when we're debating where policing is going, we're gonna tell you where the police came from.


They wanted me to write about the New York City Police Department, but without using the words violence or corruption, which is effectively impossible, A story of how the largest and most influential police department in the country became one of the most violent and corrupt organizations in the world. It doesn't matter if you're, you know, a self emancipated law person or if you're a free or what, they're just sending people back to the cell, kidnapping them. When officers with the power to fight, the danger become the danger. I Was terrified. I'm not gonna talk to the police 'cause they're the ones who are perpetrating this. Who am I gonna talk to From Wondery and Crooked Media? I'm Kuman, and this is Empire City. The untold origin story of the NYPD.


Follow Empire City on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen early and ad free on Wondery Plus. Right now, join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts Paramount podcasts.