
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to this podcast ad free Right. now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app today.


Even If. you love the thrill of true crime stories as much as I do. There are times when you wanna mix it up and that's where Audible comes in with all the genres you love and new ones to discover. Explore thousands, thousands of audio books, podcasts, and originals with more added all the time. Listening to Audible can lead to positive change in your mood, your habits, and even your overall wellbeing. And, you can enjoy Audible anytime while doing household chores, exercising, commuting, You, name it. There's More to imagine when you listen. Sign up for a free 30 day Audible trial and your first audio book is free. Visit Audible dot ca


In the upcoming episode of Killer Psyche, we will be diving deep into the unfolding case of accused Gilgo Beach Serial killer Rex Erman. Follow killer psyche. Wherever you get your podcast, you can listen to Killer Psyche and More Exhibit C. True crime shows early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.


The search for Germaine Austin Charlo continued today in the Missoula area. This is A 23-year-old mother of two. We get A missing person advisory probably maybe A, couple times A month and 98% of those people who are reported missing are going to be found or their case is resolved. It is unusual just to have somebody vanish. Jermaine Sharla was 23 years old when she vanished on June 16th, 2018. She was very active on social media. Hi, for those of you who don't know me, can Jermaine, this is now going to be my blog about me and whatever I do She posted about everything.


None Of this is scripted. Oreo Don don't like fake Like food makeup. This is what I'm doing. This is where I'm going. I'll have A Better blog tomorrow because I'm going grocery shopping. So like for her like to not be active on social media that I knew something was not right. So in the evening of June 15th, 2018, Jermaine was downtown Missoula socializing at some bars and She was last known to be alive in the alley behind one of the bars. Charlo is A Native American woman.


She's five feet eight and weighs A, hundred and 30 pounds. She was last wearing blue jeans. We started thinking about Okay. Did she make It back on the reservation? Did she not make It back on the reservation? The reservation itself is one 0.3 one 9 million acres. It's mountainous. There's numerous rivers, there's numerous predators. And every hour day, minute That search area expands I think there's always That. Hope That. She's out there somewhere. You didn't know Jermaine I didn't know Jermaine I dream about her. I think about her. But what does she represent to you? She definitely represents our people.


This is one of many cases in Montana. You know how to take pictures and visual representation of any issue is huge. That red hand, you can't not see. It shouts out. We're not gonna take this anymore. Germaine has become the Western Montana face of missing and murdered indigenous people and now we're to the point where it's the first anniversary, it's the second, the third, And you've been living in limbo for six years. Know I miss her. I'm ever gonna say, oh you know what, I'm not gonna stop searching for her. She's out there somewhere.


But where? What do you need to solve this case? I Feel like I got this puzzle in front of me, but I don't have all the pieces on the table quite yet. one or two pieces could break the case. Someone Out there knows Someone out there knows what happened to Jermaine Charlo And they're just not talking. Come forward, we know you're there. Be brave. Michelle Miller reports. Where is Jermaine Charlo On Highway 93 on route to Missoula is hard to miss this billboard and Jermaine Charlos haunting gaze.


When I see That billboard, I'm frustrated. Missoula police detective Guy Bakker has been searching for Jermaine for More than six years. We've just time and time can come up empty handed. These are the last known images of Germaine Charlo. They were captured on surveillance video on Friday, June 15th, 2018 in downtown Missoula. There's Jermaine chatting with people outside A bar called The Bad Land A. Little before midnight, Jermaine walks away from the camera A man by her side and disappears into the night.


Six years later with no and no publicly named Suspect Police released the video to 48 hours hoping to generate leads. Someone out there knows what happened. Happened to Jermaine Charlo, Jermaine walks out of view. So maybe somebody saw something That has never thought about contacting us. So if anybody has any information about That Night or any aspect of this investigation, I encourage 'em to call me For Jermaine's Aunt Danny, Matt and Valinda Moria. This this painful ordeal began on Saturday, June 16th, 2018 with A call from Jermaine's grandmother. She was very close with my mom.


My mom's actually the one who had called me and said, have you heard from Jermaine? And I said, no. Why? Hello, I'm back. The family says Jermaine never went anywhere without her phone. So It would be unusual for her not to text or call. They knew she had been in Missoula So I kept calling her, calling her. And when she didn't answer her phone, Danny had A feeling something wasn't right. We'd called the hospitals to the shelters anywhere we could think of just 'cause It was not natural for her to not talk to My mother like she did.


On A daily basis, she Disappeared without A Trace Nothing. The family was sick with worry. no one had heard from her and she had not returned to her home on the Flathead reservation about 40 miles from Missoula. On Monday, June 18th, 48 hours after Jermaine was last seen, Belinda contacted authorities for help Because she went missing outta Missoula. I had called Missoula police department to let them know she had gone missing. There was like no sense of let's make sure That, we check all the boxes and make sure That, we've Don everything That we can to make sure she's safe.


The family also contacted the Flathead Reservation Police. We try to get as much information out there as we can. Try to get flyers, pictures, whatever we can do out. There Police Chief Craig Couture. As the days go on, people start thinking, hold on. Maybe there is More to this than just she's gone That on June 20th, four days after Jermaine disappeared, Valinda made the drive from the Flathead reservation to the Missoula Police department officially filed A missing persons report and met with A detective assigned to Jermaine's case. He Did his due diligence and he checked the hospitals and the homeless shelters.


I was told That She was not in immediate danger. The Linda knew in her heart Jermaine was in immediate danger, frightened and frustrated. The family reached out. can Thank you so much for being here today. Volunteer searches were organized. I've been on A. Couple of the searches Describe them to me. They're heartbreaking. Jen Murphy is an educator living in Montana. Every little step That, you take it's A grid search so you can't be any farther than an arms length apart. So That, you don't miss anything.


Yep, You come upon anything. That looks out of place. So grid searching A Mountain with trees, That are right next to each other is almost impossible. During one of those searches she met Valinda. How would you describe your bond with Valinda? She's like A sister to me now. So her pain is your pain. Absolutely. They're continuing to investigate the disappearance of 23-year-old Jermaine Charlo. Here is another, look at her right now. If, you have any information on her disappearance?


After Jermaine had been missing for about 10 days, detective Guy Baker who just come back from vacation, volunteered to take Over. The case Is It unusual for someone to go missing in Missoula? No. No. I think we have sometimes multiple people per week. 97, 90 8% statewide reported missing people are found. So it's That 2%. That are the difficult ones. Bakker was concerned. Jermaine's case was among That. Difficult 2% that in mid-July one month after her disappearance, There seemed to be A. New and disturbing development.


Missoula police are concerned. That A missing Dixon woman might be held somewhere against her will tonight they're continuing to investigate the disappearance of 23-year-old Jermaine Charlow who also goes by the name Liz. We had some information early on. That. There might've been some people in Missoula from outta state. That were trying to buy A girl and I was thinking there was A connection. There. There are thousands of rural areas and miles to go across this state and there are people who are extremely vulnerable. Missoula County Deputy attorney Brittany Williams. Human trafficking is A huge problem nationwide.


But how does It differ in Montana? I would say It differs from A lack of knowledge. I think people have an idea. That Montana is rural and undeveloped and we don't have major crimes. That occur here. But the fact of the matter is we have one of the largest interstates That runs through our state right here through Missoula, Montana. There are people who can be swept away in an instant and because of lack of g P S or cell towers, you might never hear from That. Person can in A matter of Minutes, they could be gone and they could be trafficked to another state, potentially another country.


If Jermaine Charla was A victim of trafficking, could law enforcement find her At A


time? When we're debating where policing is going, we're gonna tell you where the police came from. They wanted me to write about the New York City Police Department, but without using the words violence or corruption, which is effectively impossible. A story of how the largest and most influential police department in the country became one of the most violent and corrupt organizations in the world. It doesn't matter if you're, you know, A, self emancipated law person or if you're A free or they're just sending people back to the south, kidnapping them. When officers with the power to fight the danger become the danger. I was terrified. I'm not gonna talk to the police 'cause they're the ones who are perpetrating this. Who am I gonna talk to From Wondery and Crooked Media? I'm Kuka and this is Empire City, the untold origin story of the N Y P D. Follow Empire City on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen early and ad free on Wondery Plus. Right now join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts


Hotshot Australian attorney Nicola Gaba was born into legal royalty. Her specialty representing some of the city's most infamous gang land criminals. However, while Nicola held the Underworlds Darkest Secrets, the most dangerous secret was her own. She's going to all the major groups within Melbourne's underworld and she's informing on them all. I'm Marsha Clark, host of the new podcast Informants Lawyer X. In my long career in criminal justice as A prosecutor and defense attorney, I've seen some crazy cases and this one belongs right at the top of the list. She Was addicted to the game she had created, she just didn't know how to stop. Now through dramatic interviews and access, I'll reveal the truth behind one of the world's most shocking legal scandals. Listen to informants lawyer X exclusively on Wondery Plus. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, Apple Podcasts or Spotify and listen to More Exhibit C. True crime shows early and ad free right now.


While Detective Baker was investigating the possibility, Jermaine Charlo May have been A victim of sex trafficking. Her family was desperately trying to get her back home. We called her phone It. Seems like A million times. Over tried to Facebook, FaceTime Even from the time She was A little kid. She had like the best personality. She's very outgoing, Beautiful, resilient animal lover. Oh gosh, the list of pets she had is I. Think she had like A flying squirrel or something and That A pig. She had two pigs.


She's very outdoorsy. She had always loved to be by the river and fishing. Belinda was only 10 when her niece Jermaine was born. Soon they were as close as sisters. When She was born, I didn't like her at all. Secret I was the baby of the family and she stole my thunder. and that one day my grandma was cooking and Jermaine, she needed to be fed and my grandma's like, hold this baby. I was like I. Remember like looking in her I was like, all right, you're not That bad. and that from That Day on She was my baby. She was my baby sister. Jermaine was creative and imaginative. She was an amazing artist. Her dream was to attend the Institute of American Indian Arts in New Mexico.


On her YouTube channel, She was like using fingernail polish to make an octopus. She would like crochet grocery bags to try to save the environment. That girl could do anything. She set her mind to I swear. She was so smart, so talented. She grew up on the Flathead reservation, Got the confluence of the Flathead and Jocko rivers. You've got the bison range right next to you and mountains. You know as far as you can see. A, really strong sense of community And Jermaine Charlos roots run deep on this reservation. She's A member of the Confederated Salish and Kni tribes and A descendant of Chief Charlo known for his peaceful resistance during the 1870s when the tribe was forced to move from their ancestral land in Montana's Bitterroot Valley to the Flathead reservation.


We are on tribal land. Yes Know Jermaine lived in this orange house Over here. Jermaine was balancing life while co-parenting her two young sons, Jacob and Thomas. Her relationship with their father was strained Well. She Was A great mother. Her world evolved around those boys. She wanted to teach 'em all about fishing and hunting. Take 'em to the fair, try to give 'em the best life. She knew how Jermaine had been working at the Big River Cantina on the Flathead reservation. She was hoping to find work as A seasonal firefighter and had an interview scheduled but she didn't show up.


Is she the first native woman to disappear from the Flathead reservation? No. Missoula County deputy attorney Brittany Williams knows It all too Well in Montana. Indigenous persons make up only about 6% of the population, but 24% of the state's active missing persons cases. Would you consider It to be an epidemic? I would, yes. And is there any indication why I think That? There's, that's A very complex question. There's A lot of history there. I think there's just so many different factors. That go into each missing person from domestic violence to human trafficking to poverty to homelessness.


As law enforcement began digging deeper into Jermaine char's disappearance, they would rule out the possibility the 23-year-old mother of two had been A victim of trafficking. That was initially A avenue of investigation. Ultimately I don't believe That She was trafficked. Why I think That. We have enough evidence. Through this investigation, That lends itself to believe something else has happened to her. Jermaine posted this TikTok video lip syncing lines from A TV show Together. Together know The day she disappeared. It's the same image seen in her missing poster billboard.


She's wearing the same clothes. In the surveillance video, detective Baker discovered the video early in his investigation and he shared excerpts of It with us. He told us That the man standing behind Jermaine was Michael Defra Jermaine's ex and the father of their two children. He agreed to speak with police without A lawyer. You believe Michael Defra was the last person to see Jermaine Charlo. That's what the investigation has determined. And he told us That According to police, sometime around midnight, Michael and Jermaine walked away and got in his 2011 brown Dodge truck.


He said That, they left the downtown area and that he dropped her off and that That ended their night together. According to law enforcement, Michael Defra stated he dropped Jermaine off at the Orange Street Food Farm. Michael de France did this because Jermaine stated That, her friend Cassidy lived nearby and Jermaine was going to spend the night there. Michael Defra dropped Jermaine off at approximately oh one hundred hours. Police didn't find A Cassidy but they learned Jermaine had been visiting Missoula regularly because She was dating A man named Jacob who lived in That neighborhood.


They had met on A dating app and they weren't together for very long. But It seemed like they had A very strong connection and he was just totally infatuated with her. Authorities say Jacob was out of town miles away in another state. Valinda says he and Jermaine were texting each other That night before she disappeared. Her Plan according to like her message to him was That She was gonna go back to his place That night 'cause he was out of town According to law enforcement, when Jacob attempted to call Jermaine shortly before one am on June 16th, he thought It was strange because the phone rang several times before It went to voicemail, Jacob felt That.


Somebody purposely ended the call And this particular call That was made to her has been shown through the carrier to have been silenced by someone. Jacob also told police That the day before she disappeared. Jermaine told Jacob That Michael had been yelling at her asking if She was dating anyone and wanted to get back together with her police say Jacob cooperated with the investigation and was never considered A suspect. It's unsettling to see Jermaine Charlo socializing That night and Michael Defra the last known person to see her alive and not know what they were talking about or what May have been going on between them.


Michael de France has not been named as A suspect in Jermaine's disappearance. We showed the surveillance video to Valinda and Danny. They're seeing It for the first time. There Justine For her to be walking in front of him, It seems like he keeps like trying to catch up to her. They sensed Jermaine was sending A message about Michael de France And she is, you know, we gotta go our separate ways. What do you think is the most important clue in the disappearance of Jermaine Charlo Chat now with the 48 hours team on Facebook and x, Jermaine Charlo never went anywhere without her phone.


So It was crucial for investigators to find It. We got cell phone data linked to Jermaine's cell phone. That indicated It was active on the night she disappeared and It was active multiple times, primarily between the hours of 2:00 AM and up until just about 10:00 AM on the 16th of June. And where was the phone? So the phone's never been recovered so we don't know where the phone was. But judging by the information we got from the tower, It was most definitely north of Missoula and It was in the area of ever hill. Evero Hill is on the Flathead reservation. It's A rugged area with lots of trees and wildlife and it's A place.


Michael Defra knows Well. He lives specifically up on the Ro Hill area. He was the last person to be with Jermaine Charlo before her life. As we know, It came to A. Standstill Searches have been conducted on Ro Hill but Germane was not found. There's always That Hope That. She's out there somewhere. Jen Murphy who has joined several volunteer searches for Jermaine came up with the idea to put Jermaine Charlos missing poster on A billboard. I currently am doing A project with billboards throughout Montana and throughout the United States.


I try to have billboards as close to our reservations as possible. Trying to make sure That speaking to the perpetrators too, like we see you. The investigation into Jermaine's disappearance is just one of many cases of missing and murdered indigenous women known as MM I W. In 2019 the Justice Department created A task force to investigate cases of missing and murdered indigenous people around the country. Social media has helped to ignite the movement and this is the Case of Jermaine Charlo At the 2024 Emmy Awards reservation. Dogs actor and nominee de Faro WTA was on the red carpet.


know this Is representing, this is Red Palm print representing missing and murdered indigenous women. Bring attention to the crisis I feel Like we're all of the human race and should be looked for the same. It's not like we're asking for special treatment, we're just asking for the same treatment. We're not gonna stop looking for our people. We not Our lives matter. As A photographer Jen Murphy is using her lens to open the aperture to the MM I W Crisis. This photo shoot with Vina little ow was in the same alley where Jermaine was last seen. It starts out with praying and trying to set yourself right.


We Offer A moment of silence and A space for our sisters. It's A painting on the paint. Just relax your hand Okay and that just put your hand just straight down. What does the red hand mean? The red hand print really symbolizes our people being silenced. How we have always been looked at differently and that our people have not been heard in the same way That other people are. That's A harsh reality. And It has been since the beginning of time since colonization. Jermaine's family can help but Wondery about how her case was treated in those critical early days.


In the investigation When I reported her missing, there was no sense of urgency. I don't know if it's because she's Over 18 or because She was drinking or the fact That She was Native American Lead Detective Guy Bakker can't speak to those first days of the investigation. Remember he didn't get the case until 10 days after Jermaine disappeared. But he's Well aware That, some missing persons cases do get More attention than others. You know, just look at our national media. Gabby Petito goes missing And look at the national exposure she got for A week or two for A Caucasian female and how many missing Native American females went missing in That same time period and got nothing.


So I've made A concerted effort to keep Jermaine relevant. It's Baker's Hope That. By releasing the surveillance video to 48 hours, he'll gain new leads for Valinda. And Danny, do you see her know It's being social Silly being herself? It's the last glimpse of Jermaine's life. The night she disappeared. Jermaine, her bubbly self is beautiful just to see her hurts at the same time but so full of life That they zero in on the man standing behind.


Jermaine here. Yep. Michael Defra. Hmm Introduces him That he is got his arms crossed like and rolls up his sleeves like trying to intimidate whoever they do. It is as she's talking to. Does It tell you anything? It kind of shows me his demeanor. That Night It looks like he's in A rush to leave and that he's annoyed. That she is. Her attention isn't focused on him. Danny was surprised and relieved to see there were other people, potential witnesses in the alley That night. There's A lot of people which reassures me. That. Somebody knows something, somebody's seen her.


Somebody's gotta know what That conversation was. Detective Bakker says he spoke with several of the people seen on the video, but because this investigation is still active, he wouldn't say much about what he learned. I'm hoping That, maybe by chance somebody saw them and just has no idea. That she's been missing and says something and that it's just like the small missing piece. That we need Authorities needed A break in Jermaine's case to learn More about her life. They would take A closer, look at her past and they would discover her relationship with Michael Defra wasn't just drained.


It had been dangerous


In the Pacific Ocean. Halfway between Peru and New Zealand lies A, tiny volcanic island. It's A, little known British territory called can and It harbored A. Deep dark scandal. There wouldn't be A girl on Pit can once they reached the age of 10. That was still A. Virgin It just happens to all. I'm journalist Luke Jones and for almost two years I've been investigating A. Shocking story. That has left deep scars on generations of women and girls from Pit can. When there's nobody watching, nobody going to report It. People will get away with what they can get away With. In the Pitcan Trials I'll be uncovering A story of abuse and the fight for justice. That has brought A unique lonely Pacific Island to the brink of extinction. Listen to the Pitcan Trials exclusively on Wondery Plus Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, apple Podcasts or Spotify.


Are you in trouble with the law? Need A lawyer who will fight like hell to keep you outta jail. We defend and we fight just like you'd want your own children defended. whether you're facing A drug charge caught up on A murder wrap, accused of committing war crimes. Look no further than Paul Berggren. All the big guys go to Bergen 'cause he gets everybody off. You name it Paul can do. It need to launder some money. Broker A deal with A drug cartel take out A. Witness from Wondery, the makers of Doctor Death and Over. My dead body comes A news series about A lawyer who broke all the rules. Isn't It funny how witnesses disappear or how evidence doesn't show up or somebody doesn't testify Correctly in order to win at all costs? If Paul asked you to do something, It wasn't A request. It was an order. I'm your host Brandon Jins Jenkins. Follow Criminal Attorney on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to Criminal Attorney early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts.


While authorities did not name Michael Deran as A suspect in Germaine's disappearance, they did want to learn More about the couple's relationship. They started at the beginning. Jermaine Charla was 14 when she met 16-year-old Michael de France in 2010 when his family moved in across the street. They both enjoyed fishing on the river and taking long walks. The teens were practically inseparable but there were red flags. I don't remember why I had her phone, but like I had found some explicit photos of her on her phone.


Like you know, I had mentioned to Michael I was like, She was never like this before. Like you know, this is not Okay, this is not something That you guys should be sharing at your age. What Was his reaction? He didn't really say much Despite family disapproval. Jermaine continued to see Michael de France that in April, 2013, just two weeks shy of Jermaine's 18th birthday, Valinda got A harrowing. Call There was an incident where she had called me and said, auntie I need you down here. Michael hit me. According to court documents, Michael Defra, who was 19 admitted he assaulted Jermaine on four 14 2013 in Sanders County.


I caused bodily injury to my girlfriend. The documents also state how he hurt Jermaine. The defendant made the following Admissions That, he hit her three times. That, he used his fist. It was hard to hear That and see her go through That in the emotional phone calls and the conversations That followed. You know, She was A kid Defra pled guilty to partner, family member assault. He wouldn't serve any jail time, but he would be prohibited from possessing firearms. Despite the violence, Germaine and Michael Defra remained together.


Jermaine's family says She was staying with Defra and A camper on his parents' property. A. Few months later, Michael Defra left town to work as A seasonal firefighter. I'm home alone for two More weeks. So every day blog will probably be only me until my boyfriend slash fiance gets home from work. Jermaine alone, lonely and living in A camper began sharing her world on YouTube. I usually don't do much. I'm just supposed to be A housewife. She was very good about hiding pain and try to pretend like everything was Okay.


Soon they were young parents raising their two boys. But the Linda says the violence continued Multiple times of getting phone calls and going down to make sure She was Okay and It was hard for us to Watch her go back. But that's what happens to A. Lot of women who are victims of domestic violence, They break up and make up and break up and make up. According to Danny, the couple eventually broke up for good In 2017, Michael still wanted Jermaine to do as Michael said. And so when Jermaine started to create A life without him, It seems like things got worse for her.


She was the mother of his kids and had to kind of walk on eggshells around what Michael wanted or how you know he pictured her or wanted her to be as A mom. In early 2018, just months before her disappearance, Jermaine and Michael had A heated custody battle Over the boys. According to her family, Jermaine had limited resources. Michael de France seemed had More. He had an attorney, she didn't have an attorney. Jermaine was working hard to find stability with work. A judge decided the kids would live with their father and she would have visitation rights.


The parenting plan says her family was stressful for Jermaine Shayla Russell noticed A change in her cousin's behavior. Michael had the boys and so She was lonely and scared for her safety. She Was scared for her Safety. know she would talk about having nightmares or being scared to be alone. After Jermaine's disappearance, investigators would discover something else about Michael Defra. Detectives realized That he was in possession of firearms, which is against the law. When you've been convicted of partner, family member assault Investigators seized guns from Michael De France's property.


In 2020 one he was arrested and charged with possessing firearms A violation of his 2013 sentence. Kayak's anchor and reporter Jill Val covered the federal trial. And on one side it's the De France family. On the other side it's Jermaine's family and friends and It is tense. I Don't think there's any love lost between those two families. In 2023, Michael Defra was convicted and sentenced to 20 one months in prison. He hasn't served any time because he is appealing the conviction. 48 hours requested an interview through his attorney.


He declined our request. In their effort to find Jermaine authority secured numerous search warrants including at least two on Michael De France's property. But because this is an active investigation, many of the search warrants have been sealed. Dozens of searches for Germaine Over. The last six years there have been canine searches canines who are trained to detect bodies. Every place That we've searched has not yielded the evidence. That would give us the answer.


What do you think happened to her and why? All I can say without compromising the investigation is I. Think Jermaine's disappearance is A result of A criminal action. And somebody knows what happened to Jermaine and we need their their assistance. Somebody knows something. Something That always baffled. Bak is what happened to Jermaine's cell phone. Turns out Michael de France provided an answer To see A full timeline of Jermaine Charla's disappearance. Go to 48 hours Do com Ever row Hill is the last known area where Jermaine's cell phone was active.


According to investigators, It was pinging between two and 10:00 AM the morning after She was last seen. It's A, very heavily forested area, lots of different wildlife. and that one soul highway That runs through the top of ever hill. It's the area where Jermaine's ex Michael de France was living. In his initial statement to police, he said That, he dropped Jermaine off in Missoula around one am and that she had her phone with her. So why was It active on Ro Hill? Roughly 14 miles north of Missoula.


Hours later, de France changed his story and said her phone was with him In A. Subsequent interview, he provided A statement That. She left her cell phone and he attempted to go through her cell phone and he was unable to get into her cell phone. What he said he did. Next surprised detective guy Baker Deran admitted That. Two days after he last saw Jermaine, he threw her phone away. So Mr. Deran had told us during one of his interviews, That, he discarded Jermaine's cell phone in Idaho.


Michael Defra that working as A truck driver told authorities he disposed of Jermaine's phone in Idaho at mile marker 94 on Highway 12. Law enforcement searched the area but never found the phone. I I have to ask, why would he get rid of her cell phone? What explanation did he have? I You can't tell me. Can't Tell you. Is That unusual? That someone would one admit to having A missing person's cell phone and that two That they would dispense with It Know. Why would he get rid of A cell phone if someone was around to give the phone back to him?


Why would he have her phone? Why would he destroy It? Throw It out at mile marker. What the hell? I. I don't understand. I wouldn't say Michael Defra is not A person of interest. I would say, That, I'm not at liberty to say who is or who is not. A person of interest. No suspects have been named in connection with Jermaine's disappearance. Police are now considering the case A, no body homicide, but without A body prosecuting A homicide is A challenge. I think it's important for everyone to know. That, you only get one bite at the apple here, only one shot.


And so I want to gather as much information to ensure A successful prosecution. Should we meet That Crossroad? It's my belief. That, we are close to moving forward in this case Moving forward, meaning filing charges against A suspect If It ultimately is determined. That, this is criminal means absolutely. Jermaine and her family deserve answers and It is my hope. That, someone comes forward, provides us some new lead. That can lead to justice. I have my cell phone on That billboard. Not just the police department's main number 'cause I want someone to call me because I want the information.


The billboard's location was important to Danny and Valinda. It looks out toward the reservation and Ro Hill where Michael Defra was living with Jermaine's two sons, You know That. Michael would probably have to take That route to come to Missoula. And I thought Well. The boys might not be able to see her in person, but That picture will be there. And Jacob and Thomas could see their mother every time they drove by there. I hope throughout these years. That Thomas and Jacob haven't forgot who their mother is. And I hope they know That.


She loves them very much. In Missoula, there's A different billboard. This one showing Belinda's face. Her photo stands as A Stark reminder of the ongoing crisis of missing and murdered indigenous women. It took me A long time to do That photo shoot because I don't want people thinking That like I want attention on myself. It's not about me, it's about Jermaine. We will no longer be silent about our women going missing. We have to fight for justice for our loved ones.


Do you still plan on searching for Jermaine? Always. I, don't care how long It takes. I'm never gonna give up on her I. Don't care if I have to search. Tell him 80 years old. If this case is never solved and I retire, it's not going away. In my mind, that'll be one of those things. That will be with me until the day I die. That weighs on us. That weighs on our tribal council. Everyone here thinks about It.


Six winters have passed since Jermaine disappeared. Today is Jermaine Char's birthday. Danny and Belinda no longer believe she is alive. So I have A gift of when my family makes It to the other side. When my grandma passed away, she came and told me she made It. When my grandpa passed away, he told me he made It and had this dream and Jermaine was there and she's like, I just wanted to tell you. I found grandma and grandpa and I'm fine.


And she gave me A hug and she turned to walk away. And I said Jermaine. And she goes, what? I was like, where's your body? And she looked me dead in the eyes. She said, it's an aro. She's like, I, love you, but I have to go. If. you have any information pertaining to Jermaine Charlotte's disappearance. Contact the Missoula Police Department at 4 0 6 5 5 2 6 2 8 4 If. you like this podcast? You can listen ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app.


Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out A quick survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.