
Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, AACH Direct Debit in the us, apple Pay Afterpay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


If You're like us undiagnosed with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea, or OSA in adults with obesity, you are Blissfully unaware of the breathing interruptions and the That may happen during sleep. You're more than the symptoms you've been ignoring. Daytime sleepiness, fatigue. Irritability. They Shouldn't be getting in the way. It's time to address OSA Head on. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This Information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. And this is Stuff You Should Know. And this episode Chuck just made fun of, even though I took pride in helping to assemble it. Oh, it's fine. It's a, It's a Top 10. We haven't done those in forever. No. It's always kind of a fun throwback and we, we seems like we never do 10 with our three x structure. Nine is probably a great number, but I guess we'll see what happens. Right. Let's see what happens.


So, you know, the, the old saying cut off your nose, just spite your face. Yes. And I feel like we did this on an internet roundup or something. Maybe it sounded really familiar. This story did. It did. Okay. Not to you. No, as a matter of fact. Okay. It was all new to me, but that doesn't mean we didn't do it already. Yeah, but you would remember this one 'cause it involves self mutilation. So Just wanna put out there that this actually has nothing to do with that phrase and I'll explain why that phrase doesn't actually have anything to do with this. Oh, really? But I guess I should probably say that we're starting this episode out in like the worst possible way with a really downer of a story that may or may not have to do with spite.


So I say we just go ahead and start that now. Okay. Yes. There is a book and this is the, the, as as the story goes. The book in 1904 called A Dictionary of Saintly Women. The story is that Viking, you know, berserker Raider types came pillaging, southward to the British Isles at one point. Well, not at one point in 8, 8 67 CE specifically. And while they were doing their berserker and ravaging of the villages and things, things, there was obviously the kind of thing that would happen would be assaults on people physically, sexually, and otherwise. And so when they went to a monastery in Scotland, the Coldingham monastery, the lead nun Saint a ab, the younger said, Hey, here's what we'll do.


We wanna keep our chastity and our covenant to God. It's a big deal for us nuns. We should cut off our noses to keep that from happening. 'cause they won't assault us then, But not spite our faces. To spite the, the Vikings. Yeah. And not even spite, I think, I think it's to protect themselves from sexual assault. Sure. I mean, this is all horrific. It is horrific. Yeah. No, I'm not saying like this is a laugh ride or anything like that. I'm just saying No, no, no, I didn't Think you were, anyway, back to the horrific story, St. AB said, and she wasn't a saint at the time, but this certainly helped her case. Yes. Later on she said, come nuns, let's go sit around and talk. I have something to say to you to prevent ourselves from losing our chastity, from being raped by these vikings.


We're gonna cut off our own noses. I'm gonna cut off my lip and yeah, maybe I'll inspire you to do the same. And the rest of the sisters said, yes, let's do that. And they did. And there's actually old like wood cuttings and there's at least one stained glass panel of this happening. And it's gory even as a wood cutting. It's gory. Yeah. And when the Viking showed up, they found these nuns missing their noses, bleeding, missing their lips, just in, in quite a state. And they were like, we're just gonna move on to the next monastery and see what we find there. The nuns, however, were not, their lives were not spared, were they?


Yeah. It gets even worse because what the Vikings did was burn the place down with them inside and killed them all. Yeah. But there's a a a different way of looking at this, and that is that these nuns protected their chastity. Yeah. Which as you said is like really, really important. They're known as the brides of Christ. And that's one of the reasons why they're chased, why they're meant to die virgins is because they have given themselves to Christ or to God. So as long as they're chased and they die chased, then they have fulfilled this covenant. Even if it's not by their own will or decision that they lose their virginity.


If they lose it through force, it's still not quite the same as dying chase. So they managed to come out on top religiously speaking. So that's that story. Oh, the reason why it doesn't have anything to do with cutting your nose off despite your face is because that phrase means that you are doing something in revenge to somebody else or to harm somebody else. Yeah. But you're actually harming yourself much worse than you are them. Yeah. And they just burned them down. They didn't spite anybody. Right. So that's a heck of a way to kick off what was supposed to be a semi lighthearted top 10 list. Yeah. Oh wait. But doesn't it mean to spite your own face, Right. So you're harming yourself.


Yeah. I gotcha. See what I'm saying? Yeah. I just got confused. It's kind like there's another saying that hating somebody is like drinking poison and expecting them to die. I've never heard that. It's a good one. Yeah. It really gets the point across. It makes you not wanna hate or stew. Yeah. Or something about someone else. Wow. That's really good. I like that. Thanks a lot. I just made it up. Look at you Dropping nugs. All right. Let's talk about Henry Clay Frick, because he was a gilded age. I don't know about Robber Baron, but he was at very least a mogul. And along with Andrew Carnegie, they made quite a lot of money together as partners in the steel industry. Yeah. That relationship went south and Carnegie got him out of the picture, got frick out of the picture.


And you know, to the point where he was, Carnegie was sued and, and Frick actually won a lawsuit and won compensation in everything. But it wasn't like he was like, all right, we're all, even now he hated Andrew Carnegie for the rest of his life. Yeah. Anytime like Carnegie's companies, I can't remember which steel company it was he owned, but anytime there was like some misstep or bad decision or business went awry, Frick would send a note like chiding and re taunting him for having made a terrible decision. Like just constantly kept it up. There was, I think Carnegie billed a mansion in New York, and Frick was like, oh yeah, I'm gonna build an even bigger one right down the street just to show you up.


Like, would not let it go. Yeah, for sure. Anything you can do, I can do bigger and better. And so you would think at the end of their lives, they could just let bygones be bygones. And that's what Andrew Carnegie tried to do when he was in Failing Health. Said, can you get in touch with my old partner, Frick, Mr. Henry Clay Frick, and tell him he's got a great name and tell him that I'd like to meet up with him and patched this thing up before we're gone off of this earth. And said, they brought the letter, he dispatched as his personal secretary James Bridge to, to send this to Frick personally. And Frick apparently balled up the letter and threw it back at him and said, tell him I'll see him in hell where we are both going.


Yeah, Great comeback. I'll meet him in hell. Yeah. His other thing that he was said to have said was not until he admits that I I'm the Marian, you're the rota. Oh man. If you, I know you're getting into some old TV and you always have been, but If you do you have Criterion, the Criterion Channel streamer? No. Highly recommended, by the way. Sure. Like it's really the only great one out there as far as quality stuff. But they have old Mary Tyler Moore, or maybe that was on Max, I can't remember. But anyway, Emily and I started watching old Mary Tyler Moore episodes, Like the original where she worked at the TV station.


Yeah. And it is, I I watched a little bit when I was a kid, but man, it, it is so good and it's so funny and charming and witty and like still great. Yeah. It holds up. Those shows used to like just be written so well too and acted Too. Oh, she was so good. I can't remember. There's one episode where I think Ted Yeah, Ted Knight, he was doing, he was doing something and it was so ridiculous and preposterous, but he was playing it straight so well that the, the rest of the cast just started cracking up and like, they couldn't not, they did it in every take. And it ended up kind of in the show.


It's some classic like, well-known episode, but check that one out, make sure you, you see that one too. So good. Ted Knight. And who's the woman who played Rhoda? Valerie Burton Alley. No, no, Valerie. Valerie. Oh, it's killing me. Valerie Harper. There you go. Valerie Harper. Ed Asner. It's like, it's just, it's really a great, great show. And Mary Tyler Moore is just a gem of a human. I hope she's still good as a person. Sure. I watched the documentary about her. It's worthwhile. Oh really? Yeah. It's excellent. In fact. All right, I'll check it out. Yeah. Quite a quite a woman. Well, Thanks for the recommendation.


Hey, Sure. I feel like we've killed some time. Should we do a third and then take a break? I think that's a great idea, Chuck. All right. We're gonna talk about sad mosse and sad Mosse didn't like one. George HW Bush, who was the guy who said his name that way because of the first Gulf War. Yeah. He said, sure, I invaded Kuwait, but that doesn't mean you have to come over here and liberate Kuwait. And George Bush said, yes we do. And as a result, after this war, Saddam Hussein was still in in power. Yeah. And he apparently was willing to use his power in all sorts of weird ways and techy ways, frankly.


And one of the ways he did that was he had a mosaic mural, an unflattering mosaic mural of George Bush laid into the floor of the entrance of the Al Rashid Hotel, one of the nicest hotels in Baghdad, if not the nicest. And the whole reason was, it also said Bush is criminal on it too. And the reason was, is that anyone coming into this well-traveled hotel would walk right over George Bush's face. Right. And If you walked around it, you were given a, a bad room. Right. Or taken out back and shot one of the two. Did you look at a picture of this? I did it. It is an unflattering portrait, but you can totally tell who it is.


You can totally tell who it is. This big old George Bush Sr. Right there on the floor of the hotel of the lobby. It's a very strange thing to see in a nice hotel. Yeah. But w came along later on, went back to Iraq for the, you know, the war there on the basis of weapons of mass destruction that did not exist. Right. And he had them smash that up and he's like, daddy, I'm not gonna let him do that to you. Here's some sledgehammers. And so they went in there and they smashed that thing up and chiseled it up and supposedly laid a portrait of Saddam. Did. They didn't do that in Mosaic tile, did they? I don't think so.


I, from what I saw, it looked just like a picture. I didn't see a closeup of it. Okay. I just saw it. Yeah. I couldn't find one either. Like the head was out of proportion with the bottom. He's like, here's some sledgehammers and I need a good tile guy In Baghdad. Right. The sledgehammers head. Don't mess with Texas engraved on them. They probably did, But yeah, I mean that's spiteful right to to sure. Make a mosaic portrait of one of your sworn enemies so that your people walk all over him. I think so. To ruin your hotel lobby, your nicest hotel lobby. Yeah. Alright, so we have a definitive example of spite. That's right. Well then that, I think that means we should take a break while we're ahead. Alright, we'll be right back with three more. Wanna learn about a T?


Perfect word up. Jerry.


Banking With Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


If you're like us undiagnosed with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity, you are Blissfully unaware of the breathing interruptions and the, That may happen during sleep. You're more than the symptoms you've been ignoring. Daytime sleepiness, fatigue. Irritability. They Shouldn't be getting in the way. It's time to address OSA Head on Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This Information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Hey everybody, we wanna talk to you about Squarespace and in particular, If you have a great idea that you want to sell on the web. Well, Squarespace makes it easy to sell access to content on your websites. That's right. You can do online courses, you can do blogs, videos, memberships. You can even earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. Simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. That's right. And you can get your content discovered fast. With integrated SEO tools, every Squarespace website is optimized to be indexed with meta descriptions and autogenerated sitemap and more. So you show up more often to more people in global search engine results. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff STUF to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain.


Okay, Chuck, I guess we should at this point decide which one we're not going to do. If we're doing three, three and three. Well, I think the Beatles one has the least amount of meat on the bone. All right. I was gonna skip that one too, or suggest we do. Okay, great. And If you did it, I was just gonna not talk, so I was gonna skip it either way. Well, I mean, we can just quickly say that at one point after the Beatles breakup, John Lennon wrote a song where he talked a lot of trash about Paul McCartney. So Out of spite Everyone knows that story. It's a very, very famous story. But the one that's really interesting to me is Ford versus Ferrari because that is a terrific movie that I highly recommend.


Is it on Criterion Channel? I doubt it, but I'm sure you could stream it somewhere. The great James Mangold directed it, and I'm always a fan of his work. He did the new Bob Dylan movie. What else he did The last Indiana Jones movie, which was better than the one before. What else? I don't know. He's done it. He's done. James Mangolds Good. Sort of has a very varied resume, which I always appreciate in a director. Yeah, I was gonna say that's all over the place for sure. Yeah. So I guess if you've seen Ford versus Ferrari, you're familiar with this story? I am. And and I I do recommend it. He also did the Wolverine movie in the Logan movie, so Yeah, he's, he's all over the place. He, okay, so I'm gonna tell this story then, 'cause I haven't seen that movie, so this was new to me.


Ooh, you'd like It. Okay. So in the sixties, Henry Ford ii, who was the successor president of the Ford Motor Company, and I guess probably a relative of Henry Ford's, he decided that he wanted Ford to get into racing just to basically like make Ford just to expand the, the brand basically. Yeah. Rather than just giant land yachts. We also make really fast cars too. Totally. He also was like, you know, I know that there's probably easier ways to get into racing than to build race cars and that is, let's just buy Ferrari. Like they were already known around the world for building cars that were just fast as all get out.


That's right. And their very famous founder, Enzo Ferrari, pitched a deal for 18 million bucks for 90% interest in the company. Company. And as the movie portrays it, this isn't in this article, but as the movie portrays it, if I'm not mistaken, and I'm not sure if it's true or not, but at at least it was in the movie, I don't see why they would make this part up, is that he was using that deal to get a better deal from fiat. So playing one against the other, which will really make someone mad in business. Sure. Apparently when Ford showed up to sign the paperwork, Ferrari said that, you know what, you're this Ford assembly line, this bureaucracy that you've got in this company is, it's not a how we do it over here, so no deal.


Right. And Ford was not very happy about this. Right? Of course not. So despite, and to get back at Ferrari, and I think also to, to get into racing too, Ford decided to build their own race car, which came out to be the Ford GT 40. And I went and looked it up. I'm not a car dude, but I am like, same here. This is an amazing car. Yeah. I'm the same way man. And in fact, it actually did best Ferrari at LeMans in 1966. And you can buy that car, at the very least, the original body that won LeMans in 1966 for a cool $675,000 from a, it looks like a private owner in Jacksonville, Florida.


Wow. Jacksonville. It's beautiful. So they won first, second, and third. So they really bested Ferrari. They also won in subsequent years. So they, they swept in, or not swept, but they won in 66, 67, 68 in 69. That's a Sweep. Well, I meant not sweep for second and third place. Oh, gotcha. Necessarily, or they may have, I don't know. But I think we should do one on the 24 hours of Lamonts because that's, that's, I'm not a car race guy, but that to me is the most interesting one. Yeah. Because they just drive around and around and around for 24 hours to see who can go the furthest. Right. Yeah. I think it's pretty cool. It's an endurance race if I, And it's not just like a a, you know, a circular NASCAR thing, you know, they're driving through streets.


Right. And every once in a while it starts to get boring. They just push pedestrians out in there and see what happens. Exactly. So there's a little more to this story, a little separate spoke that Ferrari had going on at about the same time or a couple years earlier, our friends at mine floss pointed out that Lamborghini actually was founded outta spite to Ferrari. Yeah. Apparently the founder of Lamborghini, John Smith, his name was Ferucci Lamborghini. Nice. He was a tractor maker in the sixties and he had a Ferrari and he was like, this, this clutches kind of janky.


And as the story goes, he got in touch with Enzo Ferrari and was like, Hey, I, you know, I think I, I can help make your clutch better 'cause you got this problem here with this spawn divot and I can help make that thing better. And apparently as the story goes Ferrari, it was, did not receive that phone call. Well, and it was basically like, get lost. Yeah. He said, stick to making tractors, Lamborghini. Yeah. Who's ever heard of Lamborghini? Exactly. What a weird name for a car. Right. So Lamborghini was like, well, I I'm just gonna go make my own car. And in 1963, I believe he started making Lamborghinis with the help of five workers who had recently been fired from Ferrari. That's how he established his car company and had Enzo Ferrari not rebuffed him.


We would never have that classic Garfield poster from the eighties where he is standing next to a Kosh. Right. The Kosh, you and I are not car guys, but like, if I see a Lamborghini on the street or something, or like the old Magnum Ferrari, I, I, I love that stuff. You tinkle yourself A little bit. I mean, I, you know, I'm not a sports car guy, but I just can't help but see those and think like, what a, what an amazing machine that is Gorgeous. Yeah. Those magnum Ferrari you can get for a song these days. I mean, they don't work very well, but like how much you can get one, I don't know, I'm gonna guess anywhere like 15, between 10 and 50 grand. Yeah. I mean, considering how much they were, that is a song, you know.


It Is. And they're so small too. Like I'm not sure either one of us could fit in one of those. Yeah. I mean, I think every guy our, I mean, Thomas Magna fitted him, but Yeah, I I think that was a stunt double half his size. Oh Really? Well, he was, when it showed him in the car, his knees were up toward his chin a bit. So Like up by his ears. Yeah. 'cause he was, he was a tall guy. But, and this, I like that, that Ferrari, I feel like for, for guys of our generation that Ferrari and the, the Porsche from risky business are like top two of the top five probably Dream cars. Was that a 9 44 or nine 11? It was the, now in the nine 11, it was the 9 28.


I'm not familiar with that one then. Yeah. It, it had the lights that popped up. It was, it was one of the Oh yeah. Not as lauded versions I think, but man, and that, it's just something about that movie, it just sort of locked it in. I mean, it's like a little hatchback. It's not even that special Hatchback of course when You look at it now of Yeah. For grocery shopping. Exactly. How many have we done for this thing? We just did one. Right? Oh Yeah. We gotta get going. Okay. All right. Let's get going. Because it turns out that there was a road in China made outta spite. That's right. And I feel like I've seen this in more than one place in the world where Oh really?


Yeah. Not even necessarily a road, but like where like, well you don't wanna give up your house, so we're just gonna build these skyscrapers all around it. Right? Sure. Did you see pictures of this though? Oh yeah. Okay. This is, this is the extreme because, and this happened in China to this couple in 2012, the man's name was Luo Bogan. Bogan Bogan. He and his wife refused to, you know, they tried to come in and take their, their house to make a, a highway. And they were like, no, we're not gonna do it. You didn't offer us enough money. And so we're not going anywhere. And so they built, I mean, If you visual, if you're visualizing a house literally sort of in the middle of a, of a road and the road highway goes around it, that's what they did.


Yeah. Like, it wasn't even a roundabout, it's just that the road widened and kind of curved in a bulge on the sides around this house. Literally in the middle of a highway. Even worse, even more reckless If you ask me. They kept electricity going to this house. So there's an electrical pole in the middle of the highway too. Totally unmarked. It Doesn't look real highway. No, it doesn't. It doesn. Not at all, does it? And If you want to see what we're talking about, the Atlantic has a good photo spread called the house in the middle of the street from Yeah, I think 2012. Yeah. I mean this is the most extreme case of something like this that I've heard. You know, it didn't take long for them to give in, obviously, because it was well, dangerous and awful.


And so they got, they did eventually give in and got a, a larger offer than they originally asked for. But I don't get the feeling that they thought they won. No, they definitely didn't. So I, I looked into this a little further. It was a five story house that they had just built. Oh. For 95 grand when the, the provincial government said, you need to move because we're building a highway through here. And they weren't the only ones who had kind of tried to stick it out. So they were also aware that they could not leave their house. They had to stay in their house 24 hours a day because if they left, the government would come and bulldoze their house while they were gone and be like, Ts what are you gonna do? And they, they had no choice, but just holding out was a kind of a protest.


And to draw attention to this Yeah. Generally unfair practice because I mean, any government can exercise eminent domain, but typically you want to give at least market value. Yeah. I mean it's, it's really egregious when you look at this picture. It's, it's nuts. 'cause they were, they were on like their porch, the like a second floor balcony and they're looking down and you're looking down not at a front yard, you're looking down at the road. Like it went right around this house. Yeah. Through it. Crazy stuff. Practically. Yeah. So that was a spiteful road. That was a spiteful road. And now we're going to talk about a spiteful statue. That's right. Because in Germany, between the towns of Bon and Bua, there's the old Rhine River and the Rhine River Bridge that connects the two.


And so the, the Little bridge man, or the Bruen Mankin Bruen Mankin, it's kind of a mouthful, is the Little bridge man. And that is a sculpture of a guy sort of bent over, sticking his butt out. And that became the, the subject of a lot of contention eventually backfiring. Is that right? Yeah. So the story went that in the late 19th century, I think December 17th, 1898, this bridge between Bon and Buell, which was supposed to be a joint construction project between the two, ended up being paid for entirely by bond. Because Buell was like, we'll use the bridge, but we're not gonna pay for it.


You go ahead and pay for it. Yeah. And so under wraps until this unveiling of the bridge was a, that little statue of a little man carved into the bridge with his butt sticking out basically Mooning buell. Yeah. Mooning buell. Can you imagine just the, the polarity of seeing that? Yeah. When it was unveiled pretty Good. But like I said, it backfired because that statue became a bit of a local icon. So it, you know, it was on bank notes, it was on, people took pictures of it, it was on local postcards and it was a little tourist attraction. But what they did was they put attacks on the bridge, but only attacks going one way and not back into your own place.


Right. So what happened was, from the B side, they could see the statue 'cause it was pointing, you know, their, its butt was pointing at them. Right. So they got all the benefits of seeing this thing without having to pay to, to cross the bridge to see it. If you were on the other side and you wanted to go like actually see this statue you had to pay to get across. Yeah. And you can believe that anytime you had out of town guests visit, you had to take 'em to go see the little bridge, man. No, go See the butt man. So yeah, they, they ended up what was supposed to be a a, a joke at the expense of Buell ended up to be an actual expense for the city of Bond because they had That's right. To pay this fee to get onto the bridge. But supposedly they're friendly rivals still, or they were.


Now I think they're one town kind of like Budapest. There's Buddha and Pest and it's separated by the river, but it's still one city now. Yeah, same Thing. And that's what Bon and Mule Interesting. That's, that's how I understand it. So this, you can still see the, the little bridge man, but he's not the original. The original was almost destroyed in the second World War. The bridge was at least. But they were able to, to get their hands on the statue and get 'em out of the Rhine, they put 'em back on the rebuild bridge. But then some local youths in 1960 destroyed that. So now there's a recreation of it on the bridge. Little punk rockers. Yeah. Little punks at least.


Yeah. So that's, that was a, a little bridge man. Made out of spite. Alright. And I think that's break number two. And we'll be back to finish up with three more right after this. Wanna learn about a T to everything Josh know word up. Jerry Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. Way.


He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, na member FDIC. If you're like us undiagnosed with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity, you are Blissfully unaware of the breathing interruptions and the That may happen during sleep. You're more than the symptoms you've been ignoring. Daytime sleepiness, fatigue. Irritability. They Shouldn't be getting in the way. It's Time to address OSA head On Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C from Disney.


On March 21st, the musical movie event of the year arrives in theaters. My name is Snow White Flawless. Exquisite. Get tickets now waiting on Snow White will have you on your feet. I think that's a wonderful idea. And cheering for more. I was thinking the same thing. Experience the magical story Magic Mirror on the Wall. Who's the fairest? One of all Snow White Disney's Snow White only in theaters March 21st rated PG rental guidance suggested tickets on sale. Now. All right.


We're gonna talk about, and I've, I've seen stories sort of like this, but this one seems to take the cake when a Christmas display goes too far and all of a sudden people are neighbors are like, Hey, this is getting outta hand, it's too bright. Or it's, you know, neighbor people are driving in to see these things now and I can't even get down my own street. Right. And this happened in the mid two thousands in Ross Township, Pennsylvania when a dude named Bill an electrician key named Bill Ansel did a, a pretty, you know, audacious Christmas display in his front yard there in Ross Township, such that people were driving in and neighbors started to get annoyed.


Yeah. And actually the, the way that this neighborhood was arranged is a cul-de-sac, but in the center of the cul-de-sac was Bill Ansel's house. So with his light display, you it, it was just kind of like driving through a holiday light display because you just drive past and go all the way around and come back on the other side and leave. It's kind Of perfect Actually. It was perfect and Bill Ansel definitely thought it was perfect, but like you said, the neighbors were like, man, come on. This is a hundred thousand watts of Christmas joy. It's, it's just, it's too much. So can we do something about this Bill Ansel apparently was not the type to take criticism Well, Sounds like it. I think he actually was required to take down the holiday display and By the, by the town.


Yes. Yeah. I think they cited him for an out of season decoration or something like that. Right. So he took it down, but in short order he put up a new display and specifically designed it so that the neighbors regretted ever asking him to take down the original joyous display. And he did this chuck out of spite. That's right. And, and apparently left it up year round Santa urinating in the front yard. Yeah. A choir that was beheaded, frosty the snowman getting run over by a car also up in lights F Ross Township.


Yeah. Just, just right there in string lights. A sign that said this display is dedicated to Ross Township. Shame on you for destroying my display. That brought so much joy and happiness to so many people. There was also a warning, a sign that said, Ross Township don't touch any of this property. If you do, there will be bloodshed. Is that true? Yeah. Okay. No, it totally is. And there was another one, I read a, an interview with 2020 with the neighbors who were like, this guy actually wrote a sign. I didn't see what he said, but he, he came up with a disparaging sign for the deceased wife of Tom White. One of the neighbors.


The day after she died, he put up some sign disparaging her. So this guy was definitely off the chain with this thing. And I mean like he would stay up at night and hit metal with sledgehammers to make noise. He had floodlights pointed directly in the neighbor's houses. And I mean living like that's bad enough. But they said something that stuck out to me that I hadn't thought of that's like, this is a living nightmare when you have a neighbor like that. Yeah. And you sell your house. You can't, anytime you have a showing Yeah. They're going to turn around before they even get out their car. Yeah. That's like you, you're trapped. They were totally trapped there. And despite the township fining him despite court orders, like you said, he kept it up year round and he kept it up for years.


Yeah. And then he built a killdozer. Yes. I I thought that there was definitely a parallel between those guys too. Yeah. Be, be a good neighbor, everyone. Be a good neighbor to your neighbor. That's all you gotta do. You don't have to, you can go above and beyond If you want, but just be like base level good. Sure. And if your neighbors, you gotta do, if your neighbors come to you with a complaint about some special thing that's special to you, rather than going off the handle, maybe say, well let's figure out a compromise. 'cause this is really important to me. Yeah. And let's not tank everyone's property values. We're all in this together. Sure. And if they're like, no, we insist you take it down, then you do something outta spite. Right. At least give them a fighting chance.


That's right. This is, this was super spite Fight plus. So we, we wanna thank not just our friends at 2020, but our friends at Mental Floss too for pointing that one out to us. That's right. So I think we got a couple more, right. That's right. We'll move on to Prince Rogers. Nelson. AKA Prince, AKA for a little while, the artist formerly known as Prince because very famously Prince changed his name in 1993 when to an unrecognizable symbol. It was sort of a, the symbol for man and woman and it had some other flourishes and had kind of been tweaked and redesigned over the years.


It was on different pieces. You know he had a guitar shape like that previously. Yeah. I think it was on his motorcycle in Purple Rain maybe. Oh Yeah. But it was a symbol that had been around his, his world for a while and Prince said, yep, that's my name now. And don't wear it out. Everyone thought he was out, thought he was we. Yeah. Don't wear it out 'cause you can't say it. 'cause so that's impossible. Right. But I, I think at, at the time, I remember everyone just thought it was Prince being Prince and being strange and being Right eccentric. But it's, it is now pretty widely accepted that he did that to spite Warner Brothers' records because he was in a record contract he didn't like for numerous reasons. Yeah. And it was a very lucrative contract.


A lot of people were playing like the world's smallest violin for prints at the time. He Had resigned it too, by the way, 20 Years later. Resigned with the same company and I saw No, no, no he resigned before this one. This was the second Oh version. He resigned the third time later. I gotcha. Okay. Did not realize that. But this was like a hundred million dollars contract is worth $215 million today. It was a big fat contract. Yeah. The thing is is Prince, I saw like when he died, when they went into his audio archives, they're like, he could release an album like every month for the next 50 years or something like that. Ohm, I'm Yeah, that much stuff recorded that. Yeah. And he wanted to release music really quickly and with high turnover and Warner Brothers is like, no, you're gonna flood the market.


You're gonna shoot yourself in the foot. You can only release x number of albums every say 12 months. So like one a year maybe or something like that. Yeah, he didn't like that. And then apparently Warner Brothers own the rights to his songs too, which I, I'm quite sure. He really, really didn't like, so to get out of his contract, he thought, well okay, the contract is between Prince and Warner Brothers, I'm gonna change my name and maybe the contract won't be valid any longer. I'm not sure how much he actually believed that. 'cause Prince wasn't a dumb person at all. Yeah. But at the very least he, he was trying to humiliate Warner Brothers make life harder for them. And he did all this, as you said, out of spite. That's right.


He also worked, wrote the word slave on his cheek and a lot of performances at the time and it didn't work. He, he had to see the contract through which just another few years. I think in 2000 it expired and then he was Prince again. And like you said, you know, bygones were bygones I guess because he resigned yet again 20 years later with Warner Brothers. Yeah. One of the things that Warner Brothers too had to do, Chuck, was they had to send out digital files to the media. And this is the nineties because there was no way to, there was no like combination of keys on the keyboard to make this symbol. Right. So they had to send a digital image of the symbol for the, the like newspapers or magazines or whatever to insert into their articles about prints.


And then finally the, the media was just like, we're just gonna call the artist formerly known as Prince. And Prince was like, damnit. Right. Work around. Yeah, exactly. So RIP Prince man, he was pretty great. Yes. My friend and your friend Scotty got to go to his final performance, the solo Atlanta performance at the Fox Theater just days before he died. Yeah. And it always makes me so mad because Scotty didn't even really love Prince. Yeah, No, I'm glad he got to go. But he Just showed up there like, how did I get here? So that's one of those I, we almost went and pulled the trigger to scalp tickets and it was just like, I don't know why we didn't, 'cause it was special enough to be a piano solo concert by Prince.


I was like man, we gotta go. Yep. And we didn't And then he died. Yeah. We were going to do the same thing and that's actually a, well we weren't gonna scalp, we were gonna go and I don't remember why we didn't but that's kind of par for the course for me because I did that with Prince. I did that with Pink Floyd, I did that with Stevie Ray Vaughan and I did that with the Grateful Dead. I was just like, I'll see him next time. I saw Prince when I lived in LA in the late nineties or I'm sorry. Yeah, I guess it was early two thousands. And that was amazing just being able to see him once with a full band. It was something else. Yumi saw him for some tour, I think Musicology tour and she was like hands down the best show I've ever seen.


Yeah. Boy, what a loss. Apparently he was quite the dancer. He was. I also saw Tom Petty on that last tour. I saw him quite a few times but I was, I was really glad to be at that last one. Yeah, He was cool. He was one of those guys that you like, you appreciate the older you get, you know what I mean? One Of the best. No, he's one of my faves. Great. Let's move on to the pink house Chuck. The last of the last, the last, You mean John Mellencamp? No, that's a little pink house. This is just the pink house. That's right. This is another image search quality or image search worthy kind of thing to look up if you're, if you're at a place where you can do that, just type in Plum Island Pink House and you will see a, a quite large pink house sitting in the middle of nothing.


Just A desolate marshland. Yeah. And it's, it's just looking at it, it's very eerie. Especially now it's abandoned. It's kinda ramshackle and rundown. But it was built on Plum Island and it's considered one of the all time great examples of a spite house. And a spite house is basically any house wall structure that's built to get under someone else's skin. Right. So sometimes it's built to block their view. We talked about Henry Clay Frick building a mansion that was bigger than Andrew Carnegie's that would be considered Aite house. And in America they go back at least until 1806. That was the earliest one I could find.


But this one on Plum Island off the, the coast of Newburyport, Massachusetts, which by the way is one of the more charming towns in the entire country. Oh I've never been there. Oh it's wonderful. That's where this pink house is and there's a great backstory to it that makes it a spite, house's made outta spite. That's a lot of times these spite houses happen when a couple gets divorced it should come as no surprise. Or I should say probably a couples with a lot of money get divorced. Because what I've learned is in order to have a spite house, you have to be rich. Right. Well I'm just gonna build that huge house. Right. To get back at someone. It's a very privileged position to be in. For sure.


So, you know, I am judging but in 2015, that was a New York Times article that that, that talked about this thing that was built, like you said, in the middle of nowhere. It said it was overlooking a vast landscape of pristine salt marsh. And it apparently happened in 1925 when a couple got divorced and the wife said, alright we can get a divorce but you have to, to rebuild an exact duplicate of the house we live in if you're kicking me out of it. 'cause I love it so much. And he went, no problem. And so he built it and he said, you didn't say Where And he said it just like that. I bet. Yep, he did. So he built it on Plum Island at the time.


There was no one else living there, no fresh water, no electricity. It was just the worst place you could build a house. And he said, there you go. There's your spite house. And he walked away rubbing the dust off of his hands or what do you call that? Yeah. That Whatever. You just Clapping the dust off your hands. Yeah. We need to come up with a name for that. Right. Yeah. A Snit. Yeah. So yeah, that's how it ended. And the, the story went that she lived there for a while and sold it and it actually was inhabited weirdly enough by a succession of people up until 2011.


Yeah. I mean I guess if you're a loner and you like nature Sure. Yeah. It's not the worst place to be. I just saw a sunset picture. It looked pretty nice In that sense. Yes it did. But it's just, I mean like the, the sea off of Massachusetts can be fairly unforgiving so Yeah. You know this is a a, an old house from the 1920s, like you're, it's gonna probably be kind of drafty depending on the time of year. Yeah. And I'm sure U upkeep on that thing is, you're probably repaint that thing every couple of years, right? Yes. But you would have to paint at pink or else everybody in Newbury port would hate you. Yeah. You would have to. Apparently that it was lived in until 2011 and then eventually was sold to the Parker River National Wildlife Refuge in 2012.


And is, you can't get to it now. It's off limits to the public, but they're trying to make it, it a, an official like protected house so it will stand forever. And it was made out of spite or was a chuck. That's Right. I don't know. Well some people say that that was just an urban legend and it was just a family who lived out there. Right. Which is a much less interesting story. So yeah, we're just gonna Go with Yeah, no spite Whatsoever. We're gonna go with Spite house for that one. Agreed. Alright, well that's it for things Done Outta Spite. We hope you enjoyed it and since I said we hope you enjoyed it, it's time for Listener mail. So another recent one from au Matt, I love this real time stuff.


This, you know, I mentioned some sort of episode on currency and how it affects things and this is from Tree. Tree. Okay. Awesome. Not a tree, but Tree. Tree. Hey guys, Chuck, specifically, you mentioned in the automatic episode you were trying to formulate something around how change affects things or currency rather look into the situation in Zimbabwe. That might help. Where it was too expensive to import metal coins. They had adopted the US dollar, it was too expensive to import the metal because of weight. So there was a huge change shortage because store owners couldn't give shoppers change. Shoppers would have to purchase additional items to try and get their total purchase as close to the whole dollar amount.


And he sent a New York Times article and that my friend Tree is exactly what I was talking about as something that could be a part of that episode. So I appreciate that direction. And that is specifically Tree Mar March Hin Great name. Tree Tree March Hin from South Carolina. Thanks a lot. That's a good one. And I remember we talked a little bit about Zimbabwe's hyperinflation. Oh yeah, I remember that. Where people were like showing up with actual wheelbarrows of cash 'cause it was just going nuts. That was crazy. I remember that. Yeah. Great. Great example. Yeah, we've gotta do that episode. Yeah, there's there's gotta be more to it For sure.


Well If you wanna be like tree and fill us in on something we've said we wanna know about, we'd love that kind of thing. You can send us an email to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


If you're like us undiagnosed with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity, you are Blissfully unaware of the breathing interruptions and the That may happen during sleep. You're more than the symptoms you've been ignoring. Daytime sleepiness, fatigue. Irritability. They shouldn't Be getting in the way. It's time to address OSA Head on Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This Information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength with its available. I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run or check out its Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma is designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.