
Shop Dell Technology's early holiday savings event for their lowest prices of the year. The future is on sale today with limited time deals on select PCs like the X PS 16 that accelerate AI with Intel core ultra processors. Early holiday savings is their biggest sale of the year and the best time to upgrade, but it's only here for a limited time. Shop now at Dell dot com slash deals. That's Dell dot com slash deals.


Join hundreds of brands achieving up to 55% productivity gains with CINT meet, CINT flow and enterprise ready AI platform. Redefining collaboration in the digital age flow partners with you to automate tasks, generate high quality code and streamline development with hyper efficiency. Navigate AI driven change confidently. Combining technology and human ingenuity. Backed by 30 years of tech transformation expertise, CINT is ready to help schedule your Gen AI strategy meeting through cit.com/meet flow.


Hey everybody, in today's episode and in part two, we talk very frankly about A DHD and all of that means over the lifetime of a person who has it. So if you're a parent with a kiddo who has a DHD, maybe considering listening by yourself first before you share it with them. Just a thought. Hope you enjoy these episodes. Welcome to Stuff. You Should Know A production of iHeartRadio Hey. and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark and there's Charles w Chuck Bryant and there's Jerry Jerome Rowland.


You put the three of us together and you got yourself a podcast called Stuff You. Should Know. That's right. And this is the sort of long simmering, we've had it on the back burner down to the as low as it can simmer. Yeah. For many, many months. The A DHD, what is now gonna be a two part episode, because we've had, I mean not, that's not why we're splitting it up, but we have had a lot of requests for this over the years and it's, you know, it's big. There could certainly be more than two episodes. And as much as I wanted to try and split this up into AD and HD for fun Yeah, And, it kind of doesn't work that way. So we're just gonna split it up into two parts.


I think you're more thinking of AC dc Oh, Okay. That's, that's what I think it Is. Yeah. I Gotcha. No, Chuck, instead, today we're talking about A DHD, which stands for Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder. Kinda wordy, but it really does get the point across because with A DHD, I'm sure a lot of people are familiar with it, especially the people who requested it. It's a it, I'm not exactly sure exactly what kind of disorder it is, whether it's a mental disorder, a personality disorder, an externalizing disorder. There's actually a lot of debate about it. Yeah. But essentially it's where people have a lot of trouble paying attention, sitting still focusing, and a bunch of other stuff that we'll talk about.


And you put it all together And. it can make life kind of hard to navigate. And at first we'll talk about it a lot more, but kids, it used to be like little boys fidgeting essentially was what, yeah. A DH ADHD or a DD at the time was considered. But over time it's really kind of expanded. We've realized way more girls have it than we thought before. And we've also come to realize that adults have it too. And that's a, I mean it's, it's a really big huge disorder and a lot of people just kind of use it as shorthand, like, you know, oh, I forgot my keys, it's my A DHD or something like that. But the more you know about it, the more you realize it's a genuinely debilitating disorder that people have.


Yeah. And sometimes you may lose your keys. It's true. That is a big part of it. I mean, they're not wrong about that one For sure. So, you know, when it comes to something like this that is only in, I mean honestly in the last like 25 ish years, really come more into focus as far as our understanding of it. When you look back through medical and you know, psychiatric literature, you're gonna see it pop up. They just didn't know what it was at the time. And in this case, you can probably go back all the way to the 18th century. Yeah. With a Scottish physician named Sir Alexander Kreon, who in his 1789 book talked about children who were unable to focus on one thing at a time.


And you know, it's, it's one of those clear cases, kind of like, oh, well it was probably somebody with a DHD. It is not just a modern condition because kids eat too much sugar and they have screens in their lives. Screens can, we will talk about that can certainly, you know, make things worse. But it's, it's not like, oh, because people are so busy and there's too many distractions these days. And back in the olden times when there were no distractions, people didn't suffer from something like this. It's just not true when you hear about some of these old descriptions. Yeah, no, not at all. And the, our understanding of it has progressed like over the centuries. but it is interesting that it started in the 18th century. 'cause I mean, Creighton nailed it on the head.


Like he's like, there's definitely something here. And I, guess it just kind of stayed there for a little while until 1902 when a pediatrician from the UK named Sir George Frederick still Ironically. Yeah, I thought that too. Yeah. He described children who had a defect of moral control, which is essentially saying that it, these are kids who have trouble delaying gratification, not thinking about negative con consequences when they carry out actions. and there that, that's impulsivity, that's what we call it today is impulsivity. And that's what still was essentially describing at the time. Yeah. In the thirties, some more descriptors came along from the courtesy of some German physicians named Franz Kramer and Hans Pono in this case talking about more of the hyperactivity side of things.


And then about five years after that, the, still in the 1930s and 1937, a big, I guess breakthrough came along when a doctor for the Rhode Island facility for children with neurological problems named Charles Bradley, was doing an experiment where he was doing imaging tests on the brain. And specifically in this case with kids, he was draining some brain or some fluid around the brain, rather gave the kids headaches. He treated them with zarine, which is an amphetamine. And what he found out was, wow, this doesn't seem to make any intuitive sense, but giving these children amphetamines is, or at least for about half of them, made them less fidgety and more focused.


And all of a sudden you are onto a pharmaceutical, potential pharmaceutical treatment. Yeah. I mean, what a way to accidentally stumble into that because even today we're not exactly sure how stimulants like take care of A DHD symptoms. We just know they really, really work. Luckily this doctor was like, quit complaining, take some zarine and shut up little kids. And back then the kids obeyed. So there was a, so that was actually kind of a diversion, 1937 when, when Charles Bradley discovered this that amphetamines treat A DHD, it didn't like take off like wildfire because there was an interim period between then and like the fifties where psychiatrists and psychologists were like, all this stuff needs to just be talked out through psychoanalysis.


That's how you treat, you know, mental disorders. And it in the fifties. Finally people were like, no, let's, let's start prescribing drugs. And one of the first companies was siba GE Pharmaceutical Company. Yeah. I mean you're definitely gonna go outta business if that's the name of your pharmaceutical company. But they're the first ones who developed Ritalin And. it turns out that the guy who developed the drug, Leandro Pan Penzone, his wife was named Rita and he named it after. That's Right. Lovely Rita. Yep. So it was the first half of the 20th century when things started to change. You know, you know, not, I guess I could say begin in earnest as far as research, researching this kind of thing.


A lot of like research into brain injuries were happening at the time. And they thought that, well hey, this is what's going on with any kind of developmental issue. It's, it's almost certainly a brain injury that can be the case for sure with all kinds of developmental issues, including A DHD in this case. But in the 1960s that started to go out of favor a little bit and they started to realize that, hey, a lot of this stuff, there are a lot of actually distinct conditions and you can't just lump 'em all in there and say it's because a hit a kid hit his head when they were young. No. So in the late sixties, the DSM two, the sequel, they introduced a diagnosis called hyperkinetic Reaction of Childhood.


And it's essentially A DHD that they were talking about. And this is the first time it showed up in psychiatry or it's like this is actually a thing, we just aren't clear what to name it yet clearly. 'cause we're calling it hyperkinetic Reaction of childhood. Yeah. And within a decade and a half we finally had it nailed down to Attention deficit disorder, A DD, which people of our age, that was what the name we were first exposed to it as. Yeah, for sure. It was not a DHD, this newfangled version, it was a DD and that's the way it was. And you liked it, Right? That's right. A DD had a couple of subtypes depending on whether there was hyperactivity involved, but they, it wasn't like a part of the actual definition at this point.


Right. I think seven years later it finally landed upon, I guess this would be 1987. I was but a junior. I'm sorry, a sophomore in high school. I was 11. Oh, you were just a cute little 11-year-old. I was a pimp. Well, I didn't get pimples luckily, but a A would be pimply faced teenager when A DHD finally rolls through the door. And I think If, you had no hyperactivity attached at that time. It could, it was called undifferentiated a DD. Right. Am I saying all this right? I think so. Yeah. Yeah, you Totally are. And then in the nineties, another big breakthrough came through when they found out, hey, there's a genetic component to all this and there are actually a lot of adults that have this.


We thought kids just grew out of this kind of thing. But now adults are saying like when they're diagnosing like Gen Xers basically diagnosing their kids. They're saying, wait a minute, that sounds a lot like me. Maybe I have it. And oh my goodness, I do And. that may be also why my kid has it. Yeah. One of the reasons why they used to think it was just a childhood disorder that you grew out of was because the first batch of kids with A DHD or a DD, they weren't followed into adulthood. They stopped studying them after they were kids. So they just didn't think about it. And then also, and this is really sad, If, you think about this, the, as an adult, as you grow up, you get so good at masking your symptoms.


Yeah. In order to blend into society. Totally. That Researchers were unaware that there was a whole group of people with a disorder that was just went unrecognized because they were good at at disguising it. Yeah. Which is a huge part of A DHD And. it turns out just being neurodiverse in general. Yeah, for sure. And we'll get to masking more in a little bit. But another revision in 94 and the DSM finally divided A DHD up into three types. The inattentive type, hyperactive impulsive type, and then the combined type, which is both. Yep. And that's where we are today. Right? That's where we are today.


But you know, the more we learn, I feel like every 10 years that there's another change. So who knows where it's gonna stop. Yeah. They're just gonna keep adding letters. Letters Maybe. So I say we take a break and come back and talk about how this whole thing kind of works in the brain as far as we know. Let's do it.


Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. Artesian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now Artesian is having a huge sitewide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year or the right kind of bad, get them artesian at the push of a button, make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds, all for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker when you spend 400 through Cyber Monday. Visit artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I-A n.com/cocktail.


Wow. What is this place? Welcome to Cloud nine. How exactly did I get here you are a Toyota Crown driver and only crown drivers ever reach this level of pure bliss. The refined but elegant design makes you sit up a little straighter. It gives you a rush of confidence as soon as you're behind the wheel and a feeling of all eyes on you. That's how the crown transports you here. It's pretty awesome, right? The captivating Toyota Crown family Toyota. Let's go places.


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bike.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


Lately I've been learning some stuff about insomnia. Oria, how about the one on borderline disorder? Better yet, birth order for that one before, but it was so nice. I learned it twice. Everybody. Listen Chuck, I can't remember if I said it already, but I have a DHD myself. What? Yeah. And then Jerry does too.


It turns out, and this is the most amazing part of this, Jerry And I were diagnosed within like a week of each other. And we both told you on the same day and you found out that you were the only third of Stuff You Should Know that doesn't have A-D-H-D-I Know And I was like, oh, this is great to know here. 15 years into our career. Yeah, I'm surrounded. I'm surrounded. But you guys are both wonderful and understanding this stuff helps everybody understand things because as you'll see throughout this episode, A DHD affects you And. it affects your, your parents, your loved ones, your partners, your business partners.


And I think the more people understand all this stuff, the more empathy we can all have for each other. That sounded like a really wordy children's book about a DH adhd. Yeah. Not a, not a kid's book writer. Even though we have a kid's book. Exactly. That still holds true. So Chuck, there's like, it's clear, like you said, they have a genetic com or they found a genetic component to this whole thing. They've also found that there are definite differences in brain structure. Yeah. With people who have a DHD. The brains are just simply physically different. One of the things is that they're smaller in places. Like they have less volume, maybe some parts are thinner, some parts may be thicker.


And it's really important to point out that brain size is not relative to intelligence. That's right. So If you brain's smaller. It doesn't mean like you aren't intelligent. And maybe here's a really good place to point out that one of the things that I think is kind of overlooked about people with A DHD is they have the same thoughts and feelings and emotions that anybody else does. It's just that they have trouble regulating those emotions and regulating those behaviors that the same impulses that everybody else gets can slip through with a person with a DHD that that damper that's like, well I can't do that because it's socially unacceptable that neurotypical people have is kind of absent for the most part in people with a DHD unless they're really paying attention and trying to hold it back.


Yes, absolutely. And what's, you know, fascinating is that they can detect some of these differences like, you know, with brain scans physical differences as early as age four. Yeah. Which, you know, it suggests at least that like this is innate. Like you, you were probably born with this If. you can be, you know, four years old and detect differences in brain scans. Another big, big one, and this is kind of the, the real crux of the whole thing is If, you are a person with a DHD then that means that you have a deficit of two things that really make a big difference in your life.


Dopamine and norepinephrine. Two things that we've talked about quite a lot over the years, but you know, we, we know what dopamine does and part of the challenge of A DHD is if you're not getting a dopamine hit, and this is just a sort of a, a big generalization, but I think If, you have a DHD you can probably relate right? If you, if you're not getting that hit of a, a dopamine, which is a, you know, part of the reward center, like, hey, you did a a great job cleaning that room and making that bed and just look at it. My dopamine is hitting And. I feel great about that. If you're not getting that or that's, you know, dampered in some way, then you're not gonna be as interested in cleaning that room or making that bed.


It's right. It's not that your kid doesn't care or is lazy or loves a mess, it's because they literally don't get that same reward or adults that same reward that someone who doesn't have that neurodiversity does. And so they're not gonna be incentivized to do that thing. Yeah. And as we talked about in the dopamine episode, it's not like dopamine gives you that, that hit of feeling good. It's the thing that comes along with whatever makes you feel good and says this is important, learn this and remember this so that the next time you're faced with cleaning a room you can remember, oh there's, there's some, some good feeling at the end of this. And If, you don't have that. Yeah. There's, there's no reason whatsoever for you to get up and clean a room.


Especially there's like as we'll see there's actual like brain function that's missing or impaired in people with A DHD that allows them to self arouse and be like, I should really do this. I'm gonna get up and do this. Yeah. And fatigue is another sort of, I guess co symptom of A DHD sometimes. 'cause maybe you don't sleep as well. Maybe the hyperactivity is just wearing you out or your anxiety which can also come along. So not only are you not getting that dopamine hit and, and your body isn't learning and your brain isn't learning like hey, here's the reward that comes with making that bed. If you're fatigued at the same time, and let's say you're an adult and it's not just like make your bed small child If, you have a huge amount of things on your plate and you're fatigued and you're not getting that dopamine hit, it can I'm sure feel like the weight of the world is coming down on you and you could go into shutdown mode.


Yeah. So one thing I saw is that there, they don't think that people with A DHD produce less dopamine. The current understanding is that people with A DHD have more dopamine transporters so that dopamine gets moved outta the brain faster. Right. So you have less of it at any given point in time. Right. Not that you make less of it. The other one you mentioned is norepinephrine. And that's usually the thing that allows you to kind of rouse yourself And. it helps you also very importantly regulate emotion, regulate self-control, regulate attention. And so those are the neurotransmitters, the big ones that definitely in some way, shape or form affect A DHD.


We just don't fully understand it. But one of the other big things that has to do with the brain is the, typically the frontal lobe or the frontal cortex contains like our higher thinking or higher behaviors. And that's usually put together in something called executive function, which is a suite of behaviors and cognitive abilities that essentially let us just be, you know, functioning people in society as far as the terms of society require. Yeah. Like how you prioritize your tasks, how you handle distractions that come your way.


How you control what impulses that come your way that may or may not distract you from those tasks. And you know, we're gonna talk about I guess like six broad executive functioning components and If, you have a DHD one or all of these are gonna be dinged in some way. Doesn't mean you can't, you have zero executive functioning by any means, but it just means with these six things, some of 'em may be worse than others because A DHD, like most things sort of exist on a spectrum as far as how severe it might be for each individual. The first part of that executive functioning is working memory of course.


That's just your, you know, that's your working memory. It's just like thoughts at any given moment about what you're doing and what you are remembering to do. Right. You usually think of working memory with like remembering a phone number while you're going to write it down, you know? Yeah. but it also involves everything from like engaging in a conversation, planning a vacation. Like anything where you're having to hold a bunch of thoughts like in the front of your mind while you're kind of working it all out. That's working memory and it's really important and it's very frequently impaired in people with a DHD, another classic executive function that is essentially universal as far as a DHD symptoms go is self restraint or inhibition control and not just physically but also emotionally.


Yeah. And attentionally too. Like staying in a conversation, not blurting out something offensive about someone's hairstyle even though you don't mean to hurt their feelings. It's another one too, being on a diet and then just being like, I'm just gonna eat a bunch of cookies too. Who cares? A lot of all of those things have to do with inhibition control and that's just a big part of it. Yeah. And you can still say like, geez, who wears a mullet these days? Just say it very quietly to your friend Or just think it. And that's another thing too, I think that's why a lot of people who don't have a DHD recognize the, because they were thinking the same thing, but they know not to say it. This person says it. You know what I'm saying?


That's the, that's the difference. Yeah. Like, like if you've ever heard anybody say something like, oh I, I got no filter, that person has no filter. That person may have a DHD, It's a good chance. You know, or They're, they're just irresponsible one of the two. Yeah, that's true. You can also just be a jerk. Planning, organizing and problem solving is another big one. If, you have a goal for work or life or whatever school. What you usually do when you're executive and when you're an executive, no, when you're, when you're functioning executively is you take that goal, you look at it, you break it down into steps in smaller parts, you do an evaluation of like what's the best way to tackle this thing?


And that's a big, big part of problem solving. If that is impaired with a DHD and you're thrown a big task or a big worker school project, it, you may kind of just freeze for a while and you know, you know this sounds bad, but you might just sit there and think about something entirely different for a little while. Yeah. You might go to great lengths to avoid that task. And also, not just procrastinating, but like really genuinely having trouble focusing because you don't know what to do. You don't know where to Start. Yeah. Like you can't do it. It's not a disinterest or anything like that. Right. Another one's decision making which kind of ties into that where you know you, you can't just say yes to everything.


That's not how life works. So you have to take into like a account future consequences and you have to figure out do I have time to do all of these things? And if not, which one's more important? Like all that goes into decision making. And, that can be largely impaired too. Not just, not like necessarily all the time, but you were just kind of mentioning something called A DHD paralysis that where like things can get so overwhelming you can not know where to start your you, you know, like your boss is coming down the hall to get this report you haven't even started on and like you just shut down. You can't decide anything. You can't really focus on anything that's called a DHD paralysis And that can come from having to make decisions.


Yeah. And that's where as a parent or as a partner, a business partner or life partner to someone If, you don't have that challenge. That's when you can really step up and sit down with your kid or your friend or partner and say, all right, let's sit down and look at this. Let's talk about the steps. Like maybe what a good first step might be. Maybe get a little help organizing something. Those are like to be a really active involved parent or partner is key to everyone you know, doing the best they can in life. Yeah, totally. And we'll talk more about like what parents and like family members and spouses and all that can do later on down the road. But that's a great, that's a great thing to hit multiple times, you know?


Yeah. Time management is another big one that kind of ties into a little bit of the planning and organization and stuff like that, but just being able to allocate your time, keep track of the deadlines. It's may seem counterintuitive but If you or a person with a DHD, you might do much better with a deadline instead of some just amorphous task that's handed to you. Right. So like knowing the deadline may be really good for you or the deadline may just come and go sometimes as well. Yeah. And it's not necessarily because they're like, I don't care about this deadline. They may have literally forgotten about it. I read a horror story, Chuck, about a guy with a DHD and adult whose boss came to him and said, Hey, you know, why don't you run Monday's meeting, I'm not gonna be there.


And the guy was like, I knew that this was like a step toward like getting me ready for like the next level for a promotion into management. So he was really excited about it. And then over the weekend he totally forgot about it. When the Monday meeting came around, he sat down with everybody else waiting for the boss wondering where the boss was. And they all just left the meeting and went back to work and his boss came and asked him how the meeting went. And he is like, what are you talking about And? it finally sunk into him like what had just happened. And think about that. Like he just probably totally scuttled any chance of that promotion. Yeah. Because he just forgot about it. And that's just something that can happen with it.


That's a frequent reason people with a DHD missed deadlines. They just forget that they have one. You should have saved that for Halloween, That horror story. Yeah. Where's the knocker? Doesn't that just turn your stomach? It really Does. Like just imagining that guy. Yeah, For sure. And then the last part of executive functioning that can be impaired is another big one. It's called task shifting And. it leads into a couple of things we're gonna talk about. That means you get out of your default mode, which we'll expand on here in a second. And doing something called set shifting, which is, you know, being able to switch from task to task. Being flexible as you're doing that, maybe realizing like different tasks and different situations require different rules.


And If you don't have that if that's impaired. You might be really rigid in how you think something has to be done. A very black and white thinking that can come across to others as stubborn. But in the A DHD mine, you just have a hard time task shifting. Right, exactly. And that's a huge classic one too. Like you just focus on one thing or you can't start another thing too. And If, you put all that together in, in life. People with a DHD, they have trouble remembering to pay bills. They forget that they have homework, they say or do inappropriate things like not waiting for their turn to speak. They have trouble self-motivating, staying on task.


They misplace things. They have false memories, which is a really big one that we'll talk about. They, they can't remember important dates or that they're supposed to run a meeting. And another big one too is that they'll, they'll very frequently A DHD causes you to walk into a room and you have no idea what you went in there for. You knew you went in there for something That Happens to me sometimes too, to like, But imagine every time. Yeah, no I can't. 'cause it's, it's frustrating. And, it can also be alarming. Yes. That's another thing too is especially as you age with a DHD, you can still be like, okay, is this a DHD or am I developing early onset dementia? Like they bear, there's a lot of overlap.


And it can be very scary, but for sure you also learn tricks. Like you just leave the room and go back out to where you just were and you're gonna see like a, a clue that that will prompt you to remember. And then you just think about it while you're going into the room and, and then you remember it's usually just amounts to an extra trip back outta the room and then back into it. but it is just frustrating for sure. You know, they call that in the old film biz. Do you remember A McGuffin? No. You go back to one. Oh, okay. Yeah, that's right. That's right. Remember to one, I remember Chad saying that he would always pinch the bridge of his nose while he was saying Yeah. Back to one just means first position of that scene. Like if the scene starts and you're in the doorway, you go back to one, you go back to that doorway.


So maybe that's a, a fun, a fun way to remember that kind of thing. Yeah. I love that. Chuck. Way to go. Let, no, let's not take a break yet. 'cause I think we should talk. I mentioned default mode. Default mode network is a, a very big part of this. At least understanding of this. The, the brain regions collectively that function. When you're just hanging out, when you're hanging out on the couch, you don't have anything to do in the moment. I mean, people with no children can identify with this. Maybe I, I can't. But the times of the day where you can just sit around and introspect and daydream and zone out a little bit, that's called default mode.


And when you're doing that, there are parts of your brain that become really active and light up during default mode. And If you have, if you're a neurotypical person going between default mode. Because once you have to kick into action mode, that default mode turns off. And switching between those, if you're neurotypical is, you know, it works as it should. If you have a DHD and the problem is that default mode stays on. Sometimes they've like shown this in image brain imaging studies. So if you're doing a task that requires focus, your default mode still may be on and that's active at the same time.


And those two things are not simpatico. No. And like by sometimes it's pretty much all the time. Like you're, you're, it just does not shut off. So that amounts to, there's a, a psychiatrist named Ned Hollowell md who put it as a, a persistent magnetic pull away from the task at hand into distraction. So you're, because your brain is like, no, no, no, we're over here. We're going to daydream. 'cause your default mode network is on. You can't focus for long periods on the task at hand or If. you can, it's a constant struggle to resist your letting your mind wander. You have to actively keep it focused on the thing you're doing because you are, like you said, the action network didn't take over in the default mode network go down, you know, proportionately to one another.


Now they're just both on Default meant network. Go down. It turned into tuk for a Minute. Yeah. That's how Tuk took says So. And we'll talk about medication and you know, I guess probably in part two, but aside from medication If, you are trying to help turn that default mode network down or off. Breathing techniques are a big part of that. Like trying to stay in the present, bring yourself back to the present through breathing techniques and mindfulness exercises. Those can go a long way. Yeah, for sure. Do you wanna take a break and then come back and talk some more about, you know, A DHD?


Yeah, Sure.


Since we're here, Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. Artesian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now Artesian is having a huge site wide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year or the right kind of bad, get them artesian at the push of a button. Make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds, all for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker when you spend 400 through Cyber Monday. Visit artesian.com/cocktail.


That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I-A n.com/cocktail.


Wow. What is this place? Welcome to Cloud nine. How exactly did I get here you are a Toyota Crown driver and only crown drivers ever reach this level of pure bliss. The refined but elegant design makes you sit up a little straighter. It gives you a rush of confidence as soon as you're behind the wheel and a feeling of all eyes on you. That's how the crown transports you here. It's pretty awesome, right? The captivating Toyota Crown family Toyota, let's go places.


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What makes guardian bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid friendly components, kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory. Ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun offering the biggest steal of the year. Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


Lately I've been learning some stuff about insomnia. Oria, how about the one on borderline disorder? Better yet order. Heard that one before but it was so nice. I learned it twice. Everybody listen. Joshua. Alright, so this is a big one. Maybe one of the biggest sort of downsides to A DHD.


And don't worry, there are some upsides too. 'cause you know, there are some quote A DHD superpowers here and there that we're gonna talk about. So take heart. But one of the biggest drawbacks is called rejection sensitive dysphoria or RSD. It's a very destructive thing. If, you have it, it's very destructive to people around you. It's the, basically, it's basically when any, any kind of rejection or even appearance of rejection, even if it's not rejection, will trigger a very, very intense flood of emotion. That is it. It almost has and, and can feel like it's having and can have an actual physical effect that is so strong.


Not just a fear of rejection, just a 'cause No one likes rejection. Right. But If you have a DHD and RSD, anything like that can bring a real flood of negativity around you. Yeah, it can be actual rejection, but it can also be something like constructive criticism, which is important to be able to take a perceived slight, maybe a made up slight, somebody's fleeting facial expression, an offhand comment, your own false beliefs. And then there's two ways generally that a person with RSD, or we should just say A DHD will respond to that, to that perceived rejection.


They can internalize where they'll just emotionally curl up into a ball and just shut down. Or they may also lash out and they'll have a meltdown or an outburst or they'll become angry. That's called externalization. And so to really kind of put it in perspective, imagine either one of those being the response that you get when you ask someone to not leave their dirty dishes in the sink. Yeah, exactly. Like that's RSD, that's what it's like living with RSD. That's what it's like having with RSD and the big problem is the whole thing is instantaneous. It's not like I'm gonna have an outburst, I'm gonna melt down. Right. I'm gonna emotionally ball up. It just, it just you, it goes from trigger to response with nothing in between.


Yeah. And then, you know, the person in your life may end up, even if they're understanding of what's going on, may end up walking on eggshells, may not want to criticize or constructively or otherwise anything about that person in fear of like a meltdown or, or an emotional outburst or something like that. Because it can, you, it can really disrupt like a relationship. So you know, you've got one side where someone can't help something. Right. And you've got the other side where even if that person can't help it, it's destructive to the relationship. So I'm just gonna do everything I can to avoid any sort of confrontation. Yeah. It makes it really hard to have a connection with somebody who might just melt down at you at the slightest provocation.


Right? Yeah. And, and you said something, the person can't help it. The person with RSD cannot help this. They're not being a jerk. Like they can't not do this. And one of the problems with it is that it's really fleeting. It's a hu it's like a tidal wave or getting punched in the stomach. That's what it feels like, the overwhelming emotion like you said. But that's fairly fleeting. And then that gets replaced by regret and then feelings of shame every time because you're just so ashamed, you, you can't control yourself. Right? So, so some people who have RSD will become people pleasers where they don't share their thoughts, their true emotions, their true opinions they don't share themselves at because what they're doing is cutting off as much risk as possible of being rejected and thus triggering a an bout of RSD.


Yeah. Yeah. That's a vicious cycle. It is. It's, and so initially they used to think that it was comorbid with A DHD that it was a separate thing. And it's not even recognized in the DSM yet. It's that that recently recognized. But apparently studies have found that essentially a hundred percent of people with A DHD also have RSD. So they're just basically coming to the conclusion that it's, it's a, it's a terrible symptom of A DHD. Yeah, exactly. We'd mentioned some benefits and positive things. Hyper focus is one of them. It's sometimes called a superpower of A DHD If. you, and I've seen this with, with all kinds of people in my life that have A DHD if it's their, if it's something they're into and they're interested in and they can zero in on that thing, it is like, I mean, hyper-focused doesn't even begin to describe it.


They can tune out everything and sometimes too to their own detriment. You know, if it's like other things in their life that need attention, hyperfocus can distract away from those. But it can also be a great thing. If, you are someone with a DHD, you may have a, a real, like a real skill for like zoning in on something. Maybe a particular kind of job might be really, really good for you. Right. Or particular tasks may be really, really great for you. And you can get a lot done sometimes that way. Yeah. It's like the exact opposite of your inability to self-motivate. Right? Yeah. I saw a corporate study, a bandied about the statistic all over the place.


But essentially this, this one company found that a person, a neurodiverse person who is locked into something that interests them in their work, will essentially do the job of two people. They produce between 90 and 140% more work than their peers. In the same say department And, that their work is consistent and error free typically because they're just totally laser focused on that thing. So If you can find a job that holds your interest like that you're, you're very much in luck. Because unfortunately one of the things that is a huge challenge for people with A DHD is finding a job when you have to find a job that doesn't hold your interest.


It's, it's very difficult to rouse yourself to do that even though you know, like you have to do this and you should be doing it and you feel terrible for not doing it. It's really hard to do sometimes. Yeah. Which is why I sort of understanding your self and your challenges is like really key when you go out into the world and join the workforce. Like it's important for anyone to, to go into the job search thinking like, all right, what am I really good at and what are my challenges? But I just think it's probably times a million If you have a DHD. Yeah. And yeah, for sure. Another kind of something related to this is, is you can become laser focused on just everyday tasks that end up catching your interest somehow, surprisingly.


And so people with A DHD, if they're doing a task and they're in hyperfocus, it'll take 'em way longer to do it frequently, but that's because they're doing a, a perfect job of it. So like, say vacuuming the car, you just go to vacuum the car and you're like, huh, this caught my interest and now I'm totally focused on making this car immaculately clean in every way, shape or form. So of course it's gonna go from taking 15 minutes to taking an hour and a half, you know, but when, when you're done, the car looks awesome. Yeah. So maybe there are probably CEOs all over the place now trying to staff up certain departments. Yeah. That's actually a thing. And there are probably people that should be auto detailers and start up your own small business that way.


Yeah. Yeah. Well one of the things I saw, I read a Del Watt or de, how do you say that? That consulting firm? I don't Know, it doesn't matter. I, I read one of their reports and they were saying that, you know, traditionally people think like, okay, there's, there's gotta be a good job for a neurodiverse person, like maybe programming or coding or something like that. Just let 'em go off and be themselves by themself. Yeah. And they're starting to, to recognize like, no you, like you, you can put somebody that's neurodiverse in any job and if they find something interesting in it, they're going to excel at it. It's not necessarily a specific field that applies to neurodiverse people. Yeah, yeah. For sure. And you know, kind of tagging onto what we were just talking about, viewing yourself as, you know, not having a, some sort of defect or deficit and like, Hey, this is who I am, this is how I, like, I have no choice but to operate this way and try and work, you know, with, within that framework, not the framework of somebody who doesn't have this, who doesn't have a DHD.


Like it's a, the world and jobs a lot of times are kind of structured around, I mean yeah, the entire world is structured around people who aren't neurodiverse. So fitting into that world can be a real challenge no matter what your neurodiversity is. So kind of working with who you are and understanding that is a real key to moving forward in life. Yeah. and there are a lot of positives, upsides to having a DHD that kind of give you talents that other people don't necessarily have. Like one of them is, is I saw it described as you're getting so much noise at any given time, you're, you're inevitably going to also get more data points than other people at any given time.


Yeah. And people with a DHD have a, a typically an ability to connect dots that other people make connections that other people can't see. That's a big one. Another one is like If, you are multitasking and you actually get those projects done. That kind of boundless energy that's synonymous with the hyperactive part of A DHD, you're gonna get a ton of stuff done in any given day. Way more than like a neurotypical person who, you know, poops out halfway through the day. Yeah, for sure. Another potential positive is, you know, earlier when we were talking about some of the impaired executive functions and being super just sort of black and white and rigid, when you apply that to a moral code, you may have a very strong moral compass.


Whereas somebody who's a little more sees like the gray instead of the black and white might be like, well you know, it's really not so bad if if this kind of If you do this kind of thing. Whereas If, you have a very strict sort of view of right and wrong and a black and white sense of that. You may be like, no, that's just wrong, Chuck. There was this one time where I tried to fight two guys who I thought were throwing rocks at a manatee. And like I, I love, I love that was, I was seeing red Yumi was even like, it's not a manatee stop. And. I didn't even hear. And those guys were like, it's a rock. We're not throwing rocks of manatees. And I was like, oh alright. And luckily they were cool with, but I was ready to fight two dudes for throwing rocks at a manatee.


Like my sense of justice was just that stricken. I wish I would've been there. I might've, we might've fought him anyway, Josh just 'cause I've never been in a fight. Right. So like, I don't know, it'd be fun to get in a fight with you, right? Sure. Oh yeah, back to back. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Like the two Musketeers. Another one Chuck, is if a person with a DHD gets excited, it's infectious typically. Yeah. If they're in a place where they feel safe and comfortable, like just showing their excitement and just letting it hang out, you're probably going to get excited along with them. Yeah. Because it just, so it just spills over. It's, it can be really nice to be around for sure. One more thing, If, you have a DHD you very typically catastrophize as far as thinking goes, you're just constantly expecting the worst just because over and over and over again in your life, the worst has come around because you forgot to do something or whatever.


So that catastrophic thinking can actually be an asset in that you can look at something that everybody's about to do and be like, well we're all gonna die if we do this that no one else saw. And you can find a safer option in that way. Yeah. It's, it's actually a huge benefit of having a DHD even though you have to suffer with catastrophic thinking in order for that to be an asset too, you know? Yeah. Chuck, I say that we end part one here. Yeah. Just getting cooking too. And then we're gonna pick up part two and we're gonna talk some more about A DHD and part two. And then while we're talking about A DHD, we'll eventually finish part two and then that will complete part one and two of A DHD.


What do you think about that for a plan? I think that sounds great and as is custom here, we don't do listener mail or anything for these two parters. So I guess we'll just say, see you Thursday. Yeah. And finish on that dramatic pause. Like the very special episode of different strokes. Stuff You. Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to your favorite shows. What's up? It's me, Don, Tover. If. I could describe the open air bud. I would describe it as very seamless.


It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go, It just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions would be great. Check out bowls.com for more,


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza. There's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long, Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order Now terms and conditions apply. See out for details.


Catch the new original Hulu documentary Road diary Bruce Springsteen in the E Street bed When the world shut down. I made a promise that if we got through this, I'd throw the biggest party I could. Variety calls Road Diary, a soulful celebration. And the New York Post raves a genius at work. Can't disappoint the fans, can't Do that. Road diary now streaming on Hulu and Disney plus.