
Hey friends Toyota has been building for generations from pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress with a legendary lineup of in-stock cars, including the high performance 25 Camry and capable, affordable Corolla. You can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


What's up? It's me. Don, Tover, If. I could describe the open air bud. I would describe it as very seamless. It's like you clipping on your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go, It, just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


Hello everyone. In case you're listening to these episodes out of order, we gave a heads up in episode one that we have a kind of a grownup talk about A DHD in these two episodes. So we wanted to say if you're a parent with a kid who has a DHD, maybe Listen to it yourself first before you share it with them on with the show Welcome to Stuff. You Should Know A production of iHeartRadio Hey. and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry here again. And we're starting up part two of our double episode on A DHD.


That's right. And If, you remember in part one we discussed A DHD. Some people have it, some people don't. And we're gonna talk right now about how you can figure that out. And that's called diagnosis. Right now where we are scientifically is that the biggest factor on whether or not you have a DHD or not is hereditary If. you have kids and you have a DHD as a parent, you your kid has about a 50% chance of having it as well. And like we mentioned in the first part, a lot of adults from especially our generation Gen Xers Yeah. Have, are now getting diagnosed in their, you know, thirties, forties, fifties because they found out that their kid has a DHD and they're like, wow, little Chucky Jr.


Looks a lot like big Chucky. Yeah, That's a symptom. I thought that was charming. Exactly. Yeah. I thought it was a bug. And it. Even if they don't recognize it in them, you there's a hundred percent chance that their spouse will be like, I really think you have this too. Yeah. But there are some other factors, right? Yes. There's issues during pregnancy. That's a big one. Usually exposure to alcohol or tobacco, premature delivery. If, you didn't weigh very much when you were born. If, you were exposed to lead as a kid. If, you had a brain injury as a kid. There's a lot of concern about some other stuff. I think you said at the very outset of part one, there isn't any research that suggests watching too much TV or living in a go go go world.


There is some research that suggests that blue number one and blue number two food dyes may actually at least exacerbate A DHD symptoms. But for the most part they think it's a combination of genetics, the environment you were raised in and then possibly like actual environmental factors like being exposed to lead or your mom, you know, smoking when she was pregnant with you. Yeah. And just to kind of clear up the, the TV and the screen thing. Watching TV or being on screens too much or too much TV quote unquote isn't going to help give you a DHD, but there is a connection there.


If, you are a kid with a DHD, the pull toward a screen is gonna be way stronger than a kid who doesn't have it. That short attention span is gonna really crave like the flashy graphics that that video games or cartoons can deliver you. It'll deliver that steady dose of dopamine. They've done studies, it was, I found one, a large study of five-year-olds that can compared attention span of kids who watch less than 30 minutes per day of TV with those who spent more than two hours in front of a tv. and of course we mean, you know, screens basically right? And pretty dramatic results.


The kids who watched the most TV had almost an eight times more of a chance of meeting the A DHD diagnosis criteria, And it, even outra outranked. Other things that cause attention problems like you know, lack of sleep or parent stress. Wow. Economic stress, stuff like that. Wow. So there, there's a link. It's not gonna give you a DHD, but If, you have a kid with a DHD, then you should probably just monitor screens even more. You know, you should be doing that anyway, but maybe even more so. Yeah. Because those sites are designed to release dopamine and train you to come back and do it again and again and again. Yeah. And so kids with A DHD who don't normally have a flood of dopamine, when they get it, they really learn to do that thing that that gives them that dopamine.


Which again doesn't give you like a feelgood rush. It just comes along with that and tells your brain this is a really important thing to do. So do it again and again and again. Yeah, for sure. It's also like the age of your kid is really important when you're trying to diagnose if you're pre preschool aged or younger or I guess that counts as all ages younger than preschool. But you know what I mean, that it can be a lot tougher because there are other developmental delays that may look like a DHD that change and you may not be able to get a really good diagnosis until they're, you know, 6, 7, 8 years old. And even when they're older, like you know teenagers, you gotta rule out a lot of stuff like learning disabilities, mood disorders, If, you have like vision or hearing problems or a sleep disorder.


A lot of that stuff can, can fool you into thinking you have a DHD. Sure. So it can be tricky. It can be, so there's two lists. There's a inattentive list and then there's a hyperactive list. Yeah. And each one has, I think nine like criteria things like, you know, you lose things frequently, you appear to to zone out while people are talking to you, stuff like that. And If, you have six out of the nine on the inattentive list. You have inattentive type A, D, HD, If, you have six out of nine on the hyperactive list. You have hyperactive type A, D, H, D and If. you are really running up the numbers and you've got six of nine on inattentive and six of nine on hyperactive.


You've got the combined version of A DHD adults. It's the same thing. Although the criteria's adjusted a little bit for, you know, runs around rambunctious in class you don't do that but say you feel restless at, at during meetings, like it's really hard to sit still. You may be mentally doing that. Exactly. I would love to jump up and spin in a circle. Right, Right. But a kid will actually do that whereas the adult in the meeting will just struggle through that. Exactly. So the, the criteria is essentially the same. It's just kind of adjusted for adults. And then for adults it's five of nine. Yeah. For either list. And then also with kids. When you're diagnosing kids, you look at their educational records, you talk to their parents, you talk to their guidance counselors, you get as much information as you possibly can to, to properly diagnose somebody with a DH, adhd.


'cause there's not one like here's our A DHD test, whether it's a blood test or a written test. There's, you're basically pulling all of these disparate info together to, to put together like, okay this kid has a DHD and it's this kind. Yeah. And that's why, you know, parent-teacher conferences are super valuable. I, I think when you first start to have to do that stuff, you're just like, oh God, kill me. I gotta seriously like, 'cause your experience is from when you're a kid, like what a waste of time. But it's not at all when you go in there as a parent, you know how your kid is at home. You don't know how they are at school. Right. Because you don't have a little camera in their classroom where you can just sit around and watch what they're like. So rich Parents do, right?


Yeah, maybe so. But you can really glean, like I, I think when you have challenges with a kid at home as a parent, you're dying to know if it's just you or, or if it's just the way it is at home. In other words, obviously not just the parent's fault, but you're, you're wondering, so you're, you're like, when we get in there with Ruby's teachers we're always just like, so what's going on? What's she like? Does she have trouble with this or that? And sometimes it's like, yeah, she has the same trouble with this or that at home. And sometimes it's like, no it, it's not at all at school. And so it's really super enlightening. Yeah. That is super enlightening. Does it make you feel better or is it more just like it just answers the question that you have?


Yeah, Just I think, you know, knowledge is power. So just knowing that stuff that dude, we should start doing that We, with you and Jerry, they need to be adult versions of parent teacher conferences. Oh, that's a great idea. You know, I would be so anxious. Oh no, it'd be good. We'd do it over drinks. Okay. One other thing. You can find a lot of really great accurate diagnostic tests on sites like TikTok, which have lots of misspelled words in the title. So those are always really great to, to test whether you have a DHD or not. Be Be aware if the, I mean social media stuff can help. There's a lot some good resources. But what was that study like? Half of the stuff on TikTok was just wrong. Yeah.


If I think 52% Yeah. When it came to this. Yeah. More than half. Yeah. So one of the big questions that we're still answering today and If you haven't picked up that we don't have a full grasp of A DHD in any way, shape or form yet. That's correct. But one of the factors that we're trying to figure out is the prevalence of A DHD among kids and among adults. And it's kind of all over the map. It does seem like we're starting to kind of zero in a little bit. We're figuring out like the, the criteria to really like to, to really diagnose A DHD And. it seems like the numbers are starting to get a little smaller as as time goes on and we get a little better with recognizing A DHD.


Yeah. And correct me if I'm wrong, 'cause I know that you found some other numbers, but we'll just go through 'em and you can just say, eh, if I'm off Wrong, Between ages of three and 17, so school age kids in the us, United States of America, around 10% have been diagnosed with A DHD. That number does get bigger with age because a lot of times you won't get tested until a little later. And some, you know, diagnostic testing requires money and sometimes a lot of money. I mean you can do like a, just a sort of a psychiatric evaluation.


Maybe if your go into a therapist or something and they may just look at criteria and ask a few questions. But If, you want like a real deal. Diagnostic, diagnostic evaluation. Like those aren't cheap And that sucks because like these numbers are kids who have been diagnosed because they were able to be diagnosed. So there, I'm sure there are a lot of situations where that's not possible. There's also a shortage of psychiatrists in the United States. So it's, it's often, there's a long wait list to even be seen from that psychiatrist. You have to pay a lot of money to not all psychiatrists specialize in A DHD. So you really need to find from an even like smaller pool to choose from of psychiatrists.


And then also once they diagnose you that the, the outlay of money is not over there. Like you have to keep seeing them and they charge you every time for that. And psychiatrists are medical doctors. So their fees are not on the par or on the order of a psychologist or a therapist. They're four or five times more on average. Probably. I'm pulling that outta thin air, but I I it it's very clear that you're going to pay more for your psychiatrist than you would for a therapist. Yeah, for sure. Generally still boys are more likely to get that diagnosis than girls about 13% to 6%.


There's also variations by race, I believe the highest percentage black kids are at 12%, 10% for white kids, 8% for Hispanic kids and 3% for Asian children. Which is just super interesting. It is interesting for sure. and there, there's gotta be some clue in there somewhere like, yeah, there. That seems like there's, that's weird that there's a difference. 'cause I think all of those numbers were for kids in the United States. Yeah. It was, I think globally they've come up with, in a 2017 study across the world that five, almost 5.3% of kids have a DHD and there's a, there's a question like, okay, is this over-diagnosed?


Because I said that the prevalence rates seem to be kind of getting a little smaller as we zero in better and better. But the diagnostic or the rates of diagnosis have really picked up. Yeah. Or they really did at the beginning of the 21st century, between 2005 and 2014 diagnoses of kids with A DHD. Doubled. Doubled. That's crazy. That's a huge increase. Doubled. It's almost like a hundred percent more. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, there's just no scientific consensus right now on whether it's an overdiagnosis or whether it's just we know more now and there's less stigma.


There's more kids getting tested now there, you know, the, the criteria changed in 2013 from the DSM four to the DSM five. Right. As far as that threshold. So all of those things probably factor in to the, to the doubling I would think. Yeah. One thing though, If, you are taking your kid in to be tested. Make sure that it's, since they kind of evaluate the kid against the expectations of their grade level, right. If they're young for their grade Yep. That needs to be taken into account because they can, they can easily be misdiagnosed because they're actually not at that grade level yet because they're not of that age quite yet.


Even though they're in that grade. Yeah. And with Covid kids, you know, potentially missing out on, depending on what happened where you were on a, a lot of valuable schooling. So yeah, it, it's important to look at 'cause, 'cause Ruby is young for her grade, so in some cases she's like eight or nine months younger than some of her classmates. And then when you throw, even though she did Covid kindergarten, which was a real boon, they did their best. They, it wasn't like regular school still. So Right. Teachers in educators are, are having to sort and parents are having to sort through all of that still. Chuck, just to kind of give a hat tip to some of our listeners in other countries, I saw that the NHS says in the UK 5% of kids have A DHD in Australia, they estimate six to 10% of kids have a DHD Canada says five to 7%.


Not bad eh. And then our friends in Germany can expect a, a percentage of 4.33 for the number or for the percentage of kids that have A DHD in that country F debar. So what about adults? Because as we now realize adults have A DHD too, or they probably had it in childhood And, it was just undiagnosed and they just didn't get diagnosed until later in life. That's typically what happens. Well my friends, let's take a break and find out those results right after this


Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. Artesian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now Artesian is having a huge site wide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year or the right kind of bad, get them artesian at the push of a button. Make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds all for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker when you spend 400 through Cyber Monday. Visit artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I-A n.com/cocktail.


Hey everybody, I want to talk to you a little bit about Peloton because once you take a Peloton class, you're gonna quickly realize that you're in for a real challenge. Yeah, thanks. In part to the challenging expert instructors, Peloton instructors are no joke. They're military trained sub three hour marathon running. Ex-college athletes who really know how to push you towards your power. That's right. There's so many challenging programs to choose from. Peloton has a few seasoned marathoners with tread programs to help you get ready for race day. And their custom strength workouts for the gym keeps you on track to push your limits every single time. Peloton has the training programs you need to push yourself and they offer pace targets as well that are detail oriented and allow you to tailor your workouts to your specific goals. So find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


Toyota's been building for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota's always innovating, always making progress. That's right. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of reliable cars in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy firsthand. Yep. So check out the unparalleled performance of the new 25 Camry with style, efficiency and available tech to get you anywhere or Test drive a capable and affordable Corolla equipped with everything you need to stay cool and connected and get this. Both Camry and Corolla are available with all-wheel drive giving you the control to go beyond Quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota let's go places.


Lately I've been learning some stuff about insomnia or how about the one on borderline? Better yet heard that one before but it was so nice. I learned it. Everybody listen. Alright. What a cliffhanger. That was our adult listeners on the edges of their collective seat seats.


Seat collective seat. Yeah, collective seat. Yeah. 'cause it's Collective collect Collective soul. Collective Soul. Oh that's a good one. The rate of the condition into adulthood is all over the map. Some you might look at one thing that says about 5% 'cause you know that's kind of what it is for kids ish. And then you might read something else that said no like 75% adults have it. It's really, really startling when you start looking into this as an adult. There was a study from 2021 that said that found that it can fluctuate over time and you know, that's kind of what I was talking about being on on the spectrum.


But about 9% of those diagnosed as kids they said had quote unquote fully recovered in young adulthood. So I don't know if what that means though that that like are systems in place such that they've learned to manage it? Yeah, that's the weird thing is there's no known cure for A DHD. All of the stuff that we use for is just managing it. But I think one of the reasons also that they were like, it's just a childhood disorder that you outgrow is because some people actually do somehow. So you actually can't. Okay. So that may be the 9% or part of that 9% I guess. But to pull one of your old, old school words, And, it seems hinky to me.


Like I don't understand how, yeah, I don't understand how you could outgrow something that arises from your brain being literally different than other people's brains. Yeah. I don't get it. But maybe we just don't, don't understand it quite yet. but it is true. I'm, I'm not a hundred percent sure but for the most part it does seem like If you have a DHD as a kid, you have it as an adult as well. Yeah. And if you're an adult with A DHD, you're probably seeing it play out with organization and focus, you know, a lot of times with your job but in in just in your life as well. 'cause it's always there. You might have some pretty severe mood swings. You might be a procrastinator.


A lot of times you're misdiagnosed because it might make you really anxious. So there's like no, you have anxiety or it might really bum you out with these mood swings and they might say, oh you're just depressed. All of that could just be a DHD or a comorbidity. Yeah. And we'll talk about comorbidities in a second. Oh I got it. But with adults, you know, again, adults don't get up in meetings and run around the table and they're like, just go ahead, I'm listening. You know? Yeah. Instead that'd be great. They, they're just going to sit there and just, you know, use all of their energy to, to not do that. And then also to try to focus on what's being said. And then girls with a DHD chuck tend to fall through the cracks much more frequently for a couple of reasons.


But the main one that I saw is that girls are so expected to be like demure and quiet and self-possessed that girls learn to mask their symptoms earlier than boys do who are, can get away with being more rambunctious than girls can. Yeah. So it goes undetected and then finally when they, you know, grow up and have a family, they're just like, I can't, there's too many plates. I can't do this. I'm just exhausted and I'm not doing any of this the way that I'm supposed to be. And they'll usually get diagnosed with depression and then anxiety or something like that. But if they find the right doctor they'll be properly diagnosed as a DH adhd.


Yeah, For sure. You mentioned comorbidities. Autism is a very interesting one. 30 to 80% of people with autism spectrum disorder are also diagnosed with A DHD. And about 20 to 50% of people with a DH ADHD also have autism spectrum disorder. Right. You're just like, why? Why aren't they the same percentages? but it turns out that A DHD is actually more common than autism. So that brain buster is solved For sure. and there is a lot of overlap there. I think before 2013 with the, the updated criteria in the DSM five, they thought that it was like a mutually exclusive thing.


And some people, this is much the minority for sure, but there are some researchers that do think it's just sort of a single condition manifesting in a couple of different ways. Right. But most researchers don't think that they think it's like, you know, two separate things that live alongside one another a lot of times. Right. And Chuck, I just, I just realized, I don't know if we've shouted out Livia this whole time yet for helping us out with this one, but she did a great job. She did a great job. And before I forget, the other thing as far as a DHD and autism spectrum disorder is you are more likely to, to just do better If you have one or the other than If you have both.


That may feel intuitive, but I think it was, you know, bear saying, Did I interrupt and interject that Olivia thing? No, it's fine. Depression's another one. Chuck. I think kids with, or people with A DHD are five times likelier to have depression than neurotypical peers. Yeah. And they're not exactly sure why A lot of people are like, well it's obvious. I mean like it's a, it can be a really hard life to have A DHD especially when it's undiagnosed and untreated. So of course people have depression, other people are like, no, we're talking about actually like clinical, like brain-based depression. Right.


It's possible that there's actually, they share similar roots in the, the structure of the brain And that might account for it. That there's a lot of overlap physically between depression and A DHD. Yeah, for sure. And about 40% of kids And I think we touched on this a little bit in part one. Also have anxiety, which just makes it all tougher to deal with. 'cause it kind of feeds on itself. 30 to 50% of kids with A DHD fit the criteria for a couple of other conditions. One called oppositional defiant disorder and conduct disorder, which we should maybe cover.


They, we could probably cover both of those in one episode at some point We should. Man, one of the most heartbreaking things I've ever seen in my life was on a plane and this kid was just kicking the back of my chair nonstop hard And I turned around to look. Did you fight him look like what the heck's going on? You mean? Said don't Josh. No. Right. I and the parents were there with them and they just gave me a look like, what, what do you want us to do? We can't do anything. Yeah. And I've never seen two people look more tired. Mm. And more defeated Yeah. In my life. And their kid was probably only three or four And. it was just like, I, like I still today I just feel so Yeah.


Bad for those people because that's your kid. And like that's not a lot of understanding or treatment with that. And certainly not out in the general public who turns around like turns around, you know, what are you doing? Why is your kid doing that? You Know? Yeah. And in the old days, like you would tie your kid to a plain seat or something. All a barbaric like that. Yeah. Which I'm sure helps a lot. Yeah. Alright, so If, you don't have a DHD like me. It helps to grow older 'cause you do get a little wiser and you do gain empathy hopefully. At least I have. Yeah, sure. So it's hard to put yourself in someone's shoes until you are close to someone with A DHD and then it, like I said, it really benefits everyone.


If, you can If you can lead with empathy and understanding like in your case with that kid even. And that's coming from someone with A-D-A-D-H-D recognizing maybe this behavior in a kid, but it can be hard If, you don't have it to understand this stuff. Yeah. So people like low empathy generally with people walking around who know about autism are probably like, yeah, that's, that's that. That has to do with autism. It turns out it's a huge symptom with A DHD too. And probably the exact same stuff applies to people with autism, but with a DHD, it's not that you don't care, you couldn't care less or whatever you do care.


You just either lack the ability to, like you said, put yourself in that person's situation. So, so your empathy can be triggered. Or you lack emotional empathy, which is where you're like, oh man, that's terrible that that happened to you. But I'm not feeling empathy. Like I don't feel it. That's, that's the difference. They're not sure how many people with A DHD have low empathy and exactly how it works. but it is a huge problem because again, like there If, you can't If you can't empathize with people. That's a basic human thing. Yeah. And that will really cut down on the number of connections you have with people.


Because if somebody's telling you something and they've just, you know, inserted that pop like the end of it and like this is what happened and you're like, oh, like you're just taking their words at face value and you're losing the emotional component, it's missing, it's not landing on you. And they're just like, well what, what is wrong with you? What? Like you, did you not hear what I just said? Yeah. And you can stop and think about it and be like, oh yeah, that's crazy. But like in the moment it's not, it's not there. Yeah. Yeah. Totally. Another, and this is something I never knew anything about until we started researching this, but false memory or faulty memory can be an issue. If, you have a DHD and it's not just, well I just don't remember things as they really were.


It can literally be like a false memory. They've, they've done tests with kids And it, they showed that kids with a DHD are much more likely to remember things that weren't on a list. And, and this is sort of the key here, not only that, but be really emphatic that those memories were correct and trying to defend those memories. And, that can be not only a frustration, but a real challenge. Especially as you get into adulthood to sort of be able to construct your autobiography of who you are. 'cause that's all based on your memories. Yeah. Because If, you can accept that you have false memories, And, that you embellish stuff that you don't remember inadvertently.


You don't know that you're doing this. You start to question all of your memories. Yeah. Like which ones are true, which ones are made up. That's a huge problem individually, but also as far as relationships go, you're accidentally, inadvertently gaslighting the people that you're like, no, that that totally didn't happen. Or you said this. I didn't say that. And to, to get to a point where you can trust the other person's version of events, what you're doing, you're having to disavow your own version of reality. Yeah. And rely on somebody else's version of reality. And that's probably the hardest mental thing a person can do.


Yeah. In their life is abandon. Like, just not, like, not trust their view of reality and be like, okay, I, I trust your version instead. It's one of the hardest things you could possibly ever do. And that's what it requires to not accidentally gaslight people and not get in arguments all the time because your memories are false. Yeah. And I. Imagine, you know, you keep kind of going back to this, how so much of this can lead to a lack of ability to connect with people in different ways. I imagine when you find your person or your persons in your life, it may be a, maybe a smaller number than it would've been otherwise. But I, I'm, I would think that maybe some of those connections, because so much trust is involved can be even deeper sometimes.


Yeah. Oh for sure. I If you can find somebody that you feel like you can be yourself around and just let your guard down and they accept you as you actually are. You hang on to those people for sure. And that's true whether you have a DHD or autism or nothing. Oh for sure. Yeah. Like if that's if how, whenever you find those people. but it's like you said, they're gonna be much fewer and farther between because you're lacking that initial easiness of like, oh I like you. Oh I like you too. Let's start hanging out more and Yeah. And cultivate a friendship naturally without even thinking about it. Each relationship is a lot of work for people with a DHD. So Yeah, of course you're gonna have fewer of them. Yeah, for sure. You and these are, you know, we're kind of going through just sort of like what it's like to live with it.


So some of these are, are downers, but you are more, I I believe about twice as likely to be injured in life. If you have a DHD, which sounds kind of weird, but it makes sense, you know, if you're distracted or distracted or if you're impulsive If, you take more risks that's gonna lead to more injury in life. There's also this very, very strange thing called the A DHD sway where it's a literal physical imbalance, a postural imbalance that's associated with A DHD. Which Could be a short stuff on its own maybe. I think so you may found this hilarious video I think on Instagram of somebody saying like, what it's like walking next to somebody with A DHD and because the A DHD person will accidentally walk in front of you or walk like kind of sway too close to you or something like that, you end up the guy who's like walking along next to this girl who's talking to him and like he ends up having to like climb over like a jungle gym.


Right. And ends up having to walk through a bush and like all this, all this stuff. And the person with a DH ADHD is totally oblivious that all this is going on. But it's because of that, that A DHD sway, they don't, as far as I know, no one knows exactly what it is, but they think it could have something to do with the, the differences in brain structure. Yeah. Has something to do with the balance as well. Because that's in the brain as well as in the ears. Fascinating beep. Alright, we're in the act. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. We're headed toward the act six. Wow. Is this the one where the guns go off? Oh, I hope not. So we're headed toward act six and we will talk more about the destruction of masking behaviors right after this


Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. Artesian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now Barian is having a huge site-wide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year or the right kind of bad, get them barian at the push of a button. Make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds. All for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker when you spend 400 through Cyber Monday. Visit artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I-A n.com/cocktail.


Toyota's been building for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota's always innovating, always making progress. That's right. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of reliable cars in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy firsthand. Yep. So check out the unparalleled performance of the new 25 Camry with style, efficiency and available tech to get you anywhere Or test drive a capable and affordable Corolla equipped with everything you need to stay cool and connected and get this. Both Camry and Corolla are available with all wheel drive giving you the control to go beyond quality, Reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Grammarly is a trusted writing partner that saves your company from miscommunication and all the wasted time and money that goes with it. That's True. Four out of five professionals say Grammarly helps them gain buy-in and action through their communication. Yeah. And when every word your team writes is clear, concise and on brandand, everything gets better. Like 25% faster time to resolution for support tickets. 52% less time spent writing sales emails and saving 19 days. 19 days per year per employee. That's right. Grammarly works where you work as well. From docs to messages to emails, it integrates seamlessly across 500,000 apps and websites. No cutting, no pasting, and no context switching. So equip your team with a gold standard of responsible ai, 15 years of experience just about every IT certification and they never sell your data. So Join 70,000 teams and 30 million people who trust Grammarly to get results on the first try. Go to grammarly.com/enterprise to learn more Grammarly enterprise ready ai.


Lately I've been learning some stuff about insomnia or how about the one on borderline sort better yet. Heard that one before, but it was so nice. I learned it. So Chuck, you promised that we're gonna talk about masking. So I feel like my back's against the wall And, I have to start talking about masking. Right. Which I'll right now.


Okay. Okay. Are you masking Right now? Sure. Yeah. I think at all times people with a DHD mask to varying degrees for sure. I feel very comfortable on the episode, but you know, yeah, I didn't mean to put You on the spot, I was kind of just joking. What is masking? Let me ask you that Masking is camouflaging your symptoms to blend in better And how bad can that get and how bad is that for somebody? In some ways it's necessary and needed just to navigate the world just to blend in and not to blend in. Like don't look at me. Right? But to seem, but to be able to interact with people in levels that they're not like, huh, what's wrong with you?


They're paying attention instead to what you're saying or you know, the, the value that you have. Yeah. It, you have to If, you have a DHD and autism, a lot of neurotypical disorders, if not all of them, require you to mask to be able to just kind of live in the world. Right. So in that sense it stinks and there's a lot of, I think you kind of mentioned it either earlier in part one, some employers are starting to create more neurodiverse inclusive workplaces where it's just like, just be yourself. But traditionally If, you wanna just make it in the world you have to mask to some degree. Right? And so in that sense, that's okay. Or at the very least, that's not the most insidious version of masking.


The problem with it is that starts to carry over throughout other parts of your life and you find that you eventually develop a version of yourself that you assume other people would prefer to be around. Yeah. And in a lot of cases you're probably correct. And so in addition to, you know, all of the exhausting this that it keeps from not, you know, getting up and running around the conference table during a meeting and being like, no, go ahead. I'm, I just keep going, I'm listening. You, you also, your self-esteem takes a real nosedive, right? Because what you're training yourself is that your you is is not good enough. You have to Right. You have to hide yourself for people to accept you or value you.


And that's the most insidious part of masking. Yeah. I, I can't imagine that to, to even, it can get so bad where you lose your sense of self because you're masking so much. It obviously something like this can manifest in bad ways. Mood swings, anger, those are symptoms that can be associated with A DHD because of the masking and you know, regulating those mood swings, being unable to, to be sort of generally in a stable emotional state can be very, very challenging. And that takes a lot of energy.


And that's part of the fatigue that can come along with A DHD is you're, if you're always on or playing a role that you think you should play to fit into work or life or the world, it's gotta be exhausting. It is. So you're more irritable. So you're more prone to like get mad at somebody who cut you off in traffic. Whereas like a neurotypical person might be like, huh, that guy's having a bad day or, or what a jerk or something like that, you know? Yeah. You add all this stuff together and, and research consistently shows that people with A DHD have lower self-esteem and lower self-compassion too than neurotypical people. Yeah. And that's, yeah, again, like I said, it's a really insidious part of A DHD and, and just being neurodiverse in general, again, it's not just a DHD people who have to mask, anybody who isn't neurotypical will feel like they have to mask, at least in some situations, unless they make a conscious decision not to do that.


Right. It's almost like resisting an impulse and just being like, I am going to be me in every situation. And to tell you the truth, I'm not even sure that that's possible. Yeah. And resisting impulse is one of the challenges anyway. Right? Yeah. You know. Exactly. Good point. So, you know, as far as families go, we already mentioned that that can, you know, family members may be on eggshells. There have been studies that have shown that you may have a, a lower parental warmth and especially maternal warmth toward a kid with a DH adhd, which is super sad. Yeah. More stress, more depression they found among, among mothers especially and If, you have like one neurodiverse child, one kid with a DHD and two or three other kids, or just one other kid who is neurotypical.


That can be really challenging for, for everybody including the, the neurotypical kid. And they have found adults with A DHD have about twice as likely a chance of getting divorced as a neurotypical couple. Right. So, yeah. and there, there's a lot of challenges just in, in living everyday life at home. Even not, not even just at at work or at the mall. Yeah. Or something like that. There's some other real bummer downsides to having a DHD as a population. You're very susceptible to addiction because again, like these things flood your brain with dopamine. So you learn to do those over and over and over again.


So it's really easy to get addicted to just about anything If. you have a DHD, there's a study of people who were in treatment in the us I can't remember when it was conducted, but they found a quarter of them had a DHD and another quarter between 24% and 62% of homeless people in the US were found to have A DHD despite again, only maybe 3.1% of adults globally having the disorder. So they're disproportionately represented in those Yeah. For Populations. So here's the good news, everybody, we've been through five acts and a third of some good things, some bad things and real challenges.


We Laughed, we cried, we laughed, We cried for sure. It's a very, in fact one of the most highly treatable conditions or or disorder. I don't even like saying disorder, you know, but I guess that's how they list it that you can have, there are a few things you can do treatment wise. There is coaching, there's therapy and there's medication. You may try one of these things, you might try two, you might try all three. As as an individual or a parent if you're helping your kid through this situation. That's, well that's the, that's the most effective usually is all three of those. Yeah. I mean, medication can be very effective.


As of 20 16, 60 2% of kids in the US that are diagnosed were on medication. 30% of those were only on medication. 32% were on medication and behavioral treatment and 15% shunned the medication and just did behavioral treatment. And that's kind of understandable for a parent to make a decision And that many parents to make the decision like I don't want to put my kid on speed. Yeah. Because again, like central nervous system stimulants are the go-to drug for treating A DHD 'cause it really, really works. It's like flipping a light switch. I understand.


Where like just even from the first dose, you're like, oh, this is what it feels like to be neurotypical. Right. And one of those stimulants that is prescribed one, one type Adderall, Vyvanse straterra, they are literal amphetamines. So the idea of putting your kid on amphetamines really does not sit right with a lot of parents. Yeah. Even though the, the state of understanding the consensus in the professional A DHD community despite a lot of non-professionals giving contrary advice or information. Yeah. And anecdotal usually, Yeah. Study after study has shown that kids on stimulants for A DHD treatment do not get addicted to those stimulants.


Like it just doesn't happen. And then it also doesn't set them up for increased addictions later in life. And it may actually decrease. Some studies have shown the proneness to addiction of other stuff later in life even too. That's fascinating. And I t wanna be just like a lackey for psycho stimulants as a DHD treatment. There's a lot of different info out there, but from what I could tell when I, when I researched it for this, the professional community generally agrees they are not harmful to be on even long term. Yeah. There are a couple of kinds. There's immediate release medicines that's sort of as needed, like a maybe up to four hour effective time window.


You may crash really hard after that or get really tired or depressed after that. There are extended release medications that that's sort of the, the morning pill that can last all day. Sometimes, sometimes it's six hours, sometimes it's up to 16. Sometimes people tag team those take that pill in the morning and then either as needed or in the afternoon or evening, one of the immediate release medicines and you have to get screened, you know, for something like this. The, they're gonna do like a cardiovascular screen for health risks and stuff like that. But it's sort of, I I I believe they haven't found link to cardio-vascular disease.


Right. But didn't they, there was something about the heart you found that was contrary to that. Right? Yeah. There was a study in the journal of a, the American Medical Association that I think from like 2023 that was like, hmm. Actually we studied some dudes in Sweden. And, it seems like they're, they were at an increased risk of cardiovascular disease from long-term psychostimulant use from A DHD. Yeah. So a a again, the, it's possible that we just don't know enough or people haven't been on it long enough. But again, these things were developed in the fifties and kids have been on them since the seventies, eighties at the latest when they started putting 'em on. Well effectively speed to treat this stuff.


and there doesn't seem to be a lot of research that suggests they are harmful. Right. If, you don't respond well to those if the side effects are no good. There are other medicines that you can take that are not stimulants alpha antagonists sometimes, sometimes like they found that some medications to treat high blood blood pressure like clonidine have, you know, improved a DHD symptoms. So, you know, talk to your doctor if this is something you're interested in. And you know, just we're, we're not medical professionals so, you know, speak Good point. Speak To your doctor and like really do some research and dig in.


It's, it's, you know, putting your kid or your adult self on a, on any kind of medication is not something to take lightly. So just, you know, really, really dig in there and ask questions For sure. And no, no shade on you If you're a parent that's like, I, I don't care what you say, I'm not putting my kid on speed for sure. Totally, totally get that. Like, I respect anybody's decision about that because it doesn't mean that you don't care about your kid. I respect anybody's decision Yeah. About stuff like that. Of course. So I said that the most effective for I guess, approach to treating A DHD is not just medication but also different types of therapy and then also some other interventions like exercise and nutrition.


And when you put all that together, you it, it, it's much easier to treat a DHD symptoms. And one of the first things, especially with kids with A DHD is family training. Yeah. Where you, you teach the family how to teach the kid how to act and behave. Like what's expected of them, what the consequences are, and not just the kid, the whole family is supposed to fully understand and be very clear on all of the house rules and the structure of the family. And, I I guess. So the younger kids can effectively tell on the kid with a DHD when he misbehaves or she does Right. And I saw that authoritative parenting type as the most effective, which was described as high control with high warmth and high support.


Oh, interesting. But also that means, okay, so high warmth, right. Does that mean that some parents make a decision to not be warm to their kids? Like they think that that's the best way to raise kids? Well, I mean sadly sure there are all kinds of parents but I I I feel like that probably high warmth probably means extra warmth, like being really attuned to Gotcha. Providing that that extra warmth would be my guess Just on fire, like a furnace of a parent. You mentioned exercise, of course that's good for everybody when it comes to mood regulation and, and your brain functioning at its highest. But for sure If, you have a DHD, it can increase dopamine, it can improve your executive functioning if If, you have a lot of pen of energy, especially If, you're a kid, you know, with hyperactivity, exercise can really, can really help for sure.


Coaching is another one too. There's therapy obviously, but coaching is, is huge in the A DHD community because you're not like, okay, what's wrong with you? Let's figure out all your traumas and stuff like that. It's like, okay, you're having trouble with time management, let's figure out what works for you for getting better at time management. Yeah. And it's, it's a, it's a legitimate way to approach A DHD symptoms. So are productive strategies where that will probably also come outta coaching sessions. And one thing that you'll learn very early on is phone calendars that are easily accessed that you can put reminders on all the time alarms on your phone. Anything that can remind you can become like second nature to use to really help you navigate A DHD symptoms.


And remember important stuff, Systems baby. That's the key. That's right. Getting systems in place, A DHD or not. Systems are just the, the, the older I get, the more I realize that If, you don't have a system in place then you're just, you're just, you're lost flailing, you know? That's right. You gotta get a system. They did, you know, outcomes are pretty good. There was a survey, this is a little bit old but it's, you know, I think it's probably still pretty, pretty on par, but 20 20, 20 20 12, 20 12 survey of 351 English language studies. So I guess this is like a meta-analysis of long-term outcomes of people with A DHD found that 72% of people treated had improved outcomes when it comes to everything from self-esteem to fewer accidents behind the wheel, less rates of addiction, antisocial behavior, increased employment, increased academic success.


So 72% If you are treated. That's, that's great. That's really successful. Yeah, there's a lot of good resources too for A DHD, there's a researcher named Melissa Orloff. She holds marriage seminars that really kind of paint a DHD in a, a almost exclusively positive light. And If, you are a couple that's tried like traditional marriage counseling. You've been like, this isn't working. It's because that stuff's geared toward neuro neurotypical typical people. Hers is geared toward Neurodiverse people. Melissa Orloff is very frequently criticized as being overly positive about A DHD. There's a, a, a researcher named Gina Perla who came out with a much more balanced look.


It seems like A-A-D-H-D called, is it you, me or adult? A DHD, which is a, yeah. And then Russell Barkley has written a lot of books too for kids and parents and adults and he was the president of the American Psychological Association for a while. So he's no slouch. No. And again, be very wary of who you're listening to on social media. But there are psychiatrists who specialize in A DHD who post a lot on social media and can be really helpful on Instagram too. That I wanted to shout out are Perry Nichols Manus. It's great. And then the psych doctor MD Sasha Hamani. She has a DHD herself and she wrote a book called Self-Care for people with a DHD.


All great resources. Yeah. And you know what I'm, let's skip listener mail altogether and just encourage people to support one another. Dig into those resources, try and lead with empathy and understanding. You get much further in life. And rate and review our show. Well put Chuck Very nice. In the meantime, If, you want to get in touch with us? You can email us, you can send us that email to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.


Hey everyone, you know that feeling of being in your zone when the world melts away? That's what driving the 2025 Toyota Crown Family feels like. Both the sedan and Crown Signia deliver a quiet, smooth ride with hybrid efficiency and all wheel drive confidence Oh, in the design. I mean, so bold. Every drive in the Toyota Crown family is an experience that's captivating in every sense. Learn more at toyota.com/toyota Crown Family Toyota. Let's go places


The AI upscaling on the new Samsung. Neo QLED and Ole TVs brings old content like from the seventies, eighties, nineties, and beyond into the future. So no matter how far back your shows are from, they'll look groovy baby and colors. In contrast, popping day or night with GLA free Olas and the Neo QLED AK processors are awesome sauce. They make every detail look sweet. It's time to bring your TV watching into the future. Welcome to New era of Samsung AI tv. Discover more at Samsung dot com. Upscale every moment upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format.


Hey everybody. Did you know Crumble offers new desserts every week? The Gourmet Bakery is on a mission to bring friends and family together over the best desserts in the world. With a rotating menu, you'll find a delightful mix of desserts that keep things fresh and delicious. Picture scrumptious cookies and light fluffy cakes that bring smiles to everyone. With a new menu debuting every Monday, there's always a flavor that everyone will love. Download the Crumble app today and make every dessert moment a celebration with those who matter most.