0 (0s):
This is an iHeartPodcasts.

Wells Fargo (5s):
Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches and low or moderate income census tracts. Also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo bank, NA member FDIC,

NBC Nightly News (32s):
The NBC Nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News, I'm Tom Broka. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom YaMmas is there for us. Firefighters Are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look For a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor For NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom YaMmas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yanas evenings on NBC.

6 (1m 3s):
Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio.

1 (1m 13s):
Hey and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here for the moment. And this is Stuff You Should Know. The podcast.

7 (1m 22s):
That's right. This is one of my ideas. It's, I believe Olivia helped us with this because I am on a mission to get my daughter to watch the movie Anaconda.

1 (1m 34s):
The first one.

7 (1m 35s):
Was there another one?

1 (1m 37s):
I think they remade it. Yeah.

7 (1m 38s):
Oh, I'm, I mean, if we're talking about the one with John Voight and Ice Cube and Owen Wilson, that's the one I'm talking about.

1 (1m 46s):
Don't forget J-Lo, she's the the star

7 (1m 49s):
That's, well, arguably the star is that big Slithery Snake.

1 (1m 53s):
I guess so. I watched it for the very first time last night. Oh, did

7 (1m 57s):
You really?

1 (1m 58s):
It's not good.

7 (1m 59s):
No, I know.

1 (2m 1s):
I mean, it's not one of those ones that's like so bad. It's good. It's just kinda bad.

7 (2m 6s):
Oh, I see. I think it's kind of a fun bad movie or friends of the podcast. The Flop House. The Bad Movie podcast has been around for as long as we have. Those guys are great. Yep. Their, their rating system is good. Bad movie, bad Bad movie or movie I kind of liked,

1 (2m 25s):
So it's kind of fun. Did they read Anaconda? Do you know? I

7 (2m 28s):
Don't know that they've ever done this one. I'll have to ask Dan about that.

1 (2m 33s):
Well, I'm giving it a bad, bad movie.

7 (2m 35s):
Okay. I, I remember it as being good, bad and for a, you know, almost 10-year-old. Like she would like it.

1 (2m 41s):
Yeah, totally. There's a lot of Jaws homage to it, so I'm sure that's one reason you like it subconsciously.

7 (2m 48s):
Yeah. I had a, just before we get going again while we're on movies, a very humbling Dad moment, which is a reminder that you can't necessarily make your favorite stuff, your kids' favorite stuff. We tried to watch Army of Darkness, AKA Evil Dead three. And she made it through about 40 minutes and I thought she was liking it and then she went, eh, can we turn this off? And I was so heartbroken. I was like, oh really? I was like, you don't think it's kind of fun and funny and weird? And she was like, yeah, but it's just not my thing. And I was like, okay.

1 (3m 20s):
And did you write her out the will?

7 (3m 23s):
Yeah, that's it. Sorry. Bruce Campbell gets it all now.

1 (3m 27s):
Do you know what she didn't like about it?

7 (3m 31s):
No. I mean it wasn't too scary 'cause she doesn't mind scary stuff. It was funny. She was la I don't know. I thought she was into it. It may have just been the mood. Maybe a try again later. 'cause that's happened before.

1 (3m 43s):
Have you ever seen Bubba Hotep with Bruce Campbell?

7 (3m 46s):
You bet. Your sweet bivy. I have. It's a great movie.

1 (3m 49s):
I, I wonder if she would like that. Like maybe she didn't like all the skeletons that he had to fight and stuff like that, but she would like Bruce Campbell doing his thing.

7 (3m 56s):
Yeah. I mean who doesn't? I think Bruce Campbell is, is appeals to all ages. He

1 (4m 1s):
Really does. And that's our Bruce Campbell story.

7 (4m 4s):
Alright. Should we do a good old fashioned Stuff? You Should Know Animal episode.

1 (4m 8s):
Yeah, this is definitely that. We're talking Anacondas for those of you who didn't bother to look at the title and Anacondas are giant, massive snakes. The world's heaviest snake. Like by far, not the world's longest, but they're not too, too much shorter than the world's longest. Yeah. So they're just a massive giant snake. They're boas, which means they like to constrict you. They're big enough that if you're a human they could constrict around you and kill you and eat you if they wanted to. Yeah. Luckily they don't really have much to do with humans. Apparently. Our buns are not substantial enough for their liking and so they don't want none of us.

7 (4m 53s):
And just remember everyone, you can do side bends or sit-ups, but please don't lose that

1 (4m 57s):
Butt. Nope. Not If you want a Anaconda to eat you.

7 (5m 1s):
I just referenced that specific part of that song this past weekend. 'cause that is my favorite part of that song, which is one of my favorite songs.

1 (5m 8s):
The side Bends and sit-ups part?

7 (5m 10s):
No, just that whole, that whole sort of section starting with Workout Tapes by Fonda. It's just, I don't know, it's again, tur ot what, how we've talked about him a lot lately. I feel like. Yeah.

1 (5m 23s):
He's come up a couple times more. Almost as much as Billy Joel. That's right.

7 (5m 27s):
They should do a a mashup.

1 (5m 30s):
So yes. So Anacondas are giant and scary, but strangely they're not really anything to be scared of. No. According to science and people who don't live around them.

7 (5m 39s):
Yeah. They're a member of the Enectus genus, which means good swimmer in Greek. And as we'll see, they're a great swimmers and they are part of the, I'll even look this up.

1 (5m 53s):
I think it's like it, it's spelled

7 (5m 54s):
All right. Say it then.

1 (5m 56s):
Bode.

7 (5m 57s):
Okay. I saw e though. I, I think we've been pronouncing DEAE wrong. I think it's D

1 (6m 3s):
Boi. Hmm. You're, you're back on that BBO thing again. And I'm pretty sure it's Boe. Maybe. How about Boe?

7 (6m 12s):
But that is known as a true boa. They're non venomous, so they're not gonna, they're not gonna kill you with with venom. They're just gonna give you a big warm hug. But they're not after you, again, like you said, they're, they Snakes generally don't want to be around people at all. So it's certainly not like the movie where they're on the attack.

1 (6m 29s):
No. And I mean they say so many lies about Anacondas in that movie. It's

7 (6m 34s):
Yeah, bad, real

1 (6m 36s):
Bad. Yeah. Yeah. Luckily the most of the people who saw that movie probably don't live around Anacondas and don't have a chance to kill them. But it was like that level of lies and smears against Anacondas in that movie.

7 (6m 48s):
Yeah. One thing that the movie did get right and that I mentioned is that they are great, great swimmers. They have those eyes and the nose on top of the head so they can barely keep their little top of their head out of the water and still be below water. Which is a terrifying thought. Although mostly when I've seen them, they're kind of swimming on top of the water. Like you see a lot of snakes do. But they can hold their breath for like 10 minutes. Right. And just like fully dive.

1 (7m 13s):
Yeah. Yeah. 10 minutes. Like the, the more you learn about anacon is just the more unsettling they are. Like it's good that they don't really want to have much to do with humans, but if they wanted to like we would be in trouble For sure.

7 (7m 27s):
Yeah, absolutely. Because they love the water so much. They obviously live in the swamps of the world, slow flowing rivers. If there are places that are flooded annually or seasonally, they will be there during those times. And when it's not, they will probably travel to wetter climbs or maybe just burrow down in the mud. But they'll also go into the jungle and forest here and there just they, they really like the water though.

1 (7m 52s):
Yeah. All fresh water though they're not salt tolerant, which was not immediately apparent to me. I had to look it up.

7 (7m 59s):
Oh, you thought there could be like an ocean anaconda?

1 (8m 1s):
Well, I'll, I'll explain why later on. How about that? I'm gonna save that one for later my thinking. Okay.

7 (8m 6s):
Are you gonna say the word brackish at any point?

1 (8m 8s):
I may. Okay. So just because they're snakes, they have the jacobson's organ in their mouth, the roof of their mouth. It's prominently featured in the movie Anaconda. 'cause that thing like bears, its fangs at the camera like every 30, 40 seconds. Yeah. And there's, its jacobson's organ, the big hole in the back of the roof of its mouth. And because whenever you see a snake flicker its tongue really quickly, what it's doing is it's sampling the air and transferring it to the jacobson's organ, which analyzes it and says there's a, a kappa barra right over there. Let's go eat it.

7 (8m 41s):
Yes. They can also, the heat signatures can be recognized. So part of finding that that animal is their warm blood, but they also use it to find a nice cool place to go rest after they've had a big meal, which we'll get to.

1 (8m 54s):
That's the Yeah. And that's a different one. That's the pit organ. This is just nuts.

7 (8m 59s):
Oh yeah, yeah,

1 (8m 59s):
Yeah. So, so that's the one that, so one the jacobson's senses smells in the air pit organs, like you said, sense heat and the pit organs transfer these, this, these electrical impulses based on thermal signatures to their optic center and it gets integrated with their vision so they can see. Yeah. Like a Kappa Barra again, plain as day in complete darkness. Just like predator.

7 (9m 30s):
Yeah. It's nuts. I nuts. I mean we, we think we've never, we've never asked them to draw a picture of what that looks like. It's true. But this is the best we can figure.

1 (9m 41s):
But I mean that kind of goes to show just how amazing science can be that that we basically walk around thinking like we know what a Anacondas vision looks like even though Yeah, no Anacondas ever told us.

7 (9m 52s):
Yeah. I mean that's the same with whether an animal is colorblind. I'm always like, well how do you know? Sure. So If you want to talk, well, speaking of colors, we'll get to the nitty gritty of sort of the different kinds of Anacondas. But for now we'll just say the green ones are the ones that are really, really big. They're bigger than the yellow ones. They're the heaviest snake in the world, like you said. Basically I think the, you mentioned not the longest that goes to the reticulated python, but the female Anaconda green Anaconda is larger than the male. Anywhere from 15 to 30 feet. Even sometimes that's at, at the very high end.

7 (10m 32s):
I think they're generally, you know, 15 to 20 feet and weigh about 150 to 200 pounds. Whereas the males are only about nine to 10 feet and a hundred to 120 pounds. Still a very large snake. That's

1 (10m 43s):
A giant snake still. And yeah, that 30 foot one that's supposedly the record, although it's not obvious where that came from, but supposedly the record Anaconda was 30 feet long and 550 pounds. Right. Again, that's not, I, we don't know who said that originally, but there was, we know for a fact a snake and a green anaconda female that was about 440 pounds and 20 feet long. So they do get giant. I mean they are so big and you look up like go look up pictures and videos of, of green Anacondas and you'll be like, wow, that's a big snake. And then see If you can find one next to like a human or something for scale.

1 (11m 24s):
And you will just be blown away by how giant these things are.

7 (11m 27s):
Yeah. Like a banana. Also be wary because there are a lot of fake pictures and videos of giant Anacondas. Yes. And it's just harder to tell these days. I saw some video from like helicopters above a river where it's like there's no way this thing is that big. 'cause they were 60 feet long and as big around as a basketball. I know. And they look really good.

1 (11m 50s):
Yeah. But yeah, it's, and they're hard to, hard to tell. Yeah. Like you said, I saw one and it was curling around this lion and I was like, wait a minute, these things are only in South America and lions are not in South America. That was the only way I, I like, I had to stop and think about it 'cause it looks so realistic.

7 (12m 8s):
Yeah, yeah. It's like

1 (12m 10s):
Can't you just be amazed by the natural world as it is? Like does it totally ev does everything have to be pushed to the extreme for you to get your jollies?

7 (12m 18s):
I'm with you buddy. I thought I had the same thought. So I mentioned the yellows are smaller, they're nine to 10 pounds for the females which are larger than the males. 'cause they're only about because six feet long, which is again still a very big snake. And they can, they can top a hundred pounds, a yellow one can, like all snakes, they have intermediate growth, which means they're always growing. It slows down in adulthood. But the snakes keep growing forever.

1 (12m 47s):
Yeah. And there was one other dimension that we left out and that is those green Anacondas can get to about 12 inches or a third of a meter in diameter. Yeah. That is a, that's an old thickie is what they call that.

7 (13m 2s):
And how long do they live Josh?

1 (13m 3s):
For a while actually in the, in the wild up to 20 years on average. And then because the wild is so much more dangerous than a cushy zoo in captivity, they can live up to 30 years. They're just not as happy as the ones in the wild. That's the ones that's in the wild are like live fast, die young, leave a beautiful corpse. The ones in captivity are like, I'm gonna get soft, but all live to an old age.

7 (13m 26s):
That's right. Just throw me a cap, Byron in here so I can have some lunch.

1 (13m 30s):
Right. They're like, campy Byron again. Can I get a tap here?

7 (13m 35s):
They're apex predators, so nothing is gonna come after the anaconda. They're just, it's not gonna happen. They, they feed on fish, they feed on reptiles. We mentioned mammals. They'll eat a deer, they'll eat a a a cayman. Although I did see a Cayman stand off a anaconda because I think it was one of the smaller Anacondas. So I got outta there.

1 (13m 56s):
That's a, the Caymans are like the mini crocodiles, right?

7 (13m 59s):
Yeah. But they're, they're still, you know, got some size to 'em. Sure,

1 (14m 2s):
Sure. But I'm, that's, I'm, I just wanna make sure I was thinking of the right animal.

7 (14m 6s):
Totally. And they kill things like you would think they're constrictors so they grab it, they grab it around the neck, they coil that body and they squeeze it. And I, I always heard that like, oh, they'll crush your internal organs in your break, your rib cage. They're really not doing that. And this is kind of a cool little fact. What they're doing is they're stopping the blood flow and you end up having heart failure because, or, or a stroke because you have no blood reaching your brain or your heart and you lose consciousness. They, they can bite if you're smaller, but they're generally gonna constrict you to death.

1 (14m 40s):
Yeah. And the reason that they don't break your bones is because they don't want bones sticking out of your body on the way down their gullet as they're digesting you. So they use a little bit of finesse I think.

7 (14m 53s):
Yeah. 'cause they swallow you whole, you know, that's the idea. That's why when you see constrictors with those big bulges that is like a pig or something. It's

1 (15m 1s):
Probably John Voy

7 (15m 2s):
It's, I wish it was, but we should say that they don't, you know, because they're eating such big things, they don't have to eat very much. They can go months between eating meals and it can take weeks and weeks for them to digest. So they'll just sneak away to a nice cool place and digest and on on the downlow for a little while. And there was one report of a captive anaconda that lived for two years without eating. Right.

1 (15m 27s):
And they normally keep to themselves, they have their own hunting territories, but most of the time they're like, I just leave me alone. I'm just over here doing my thing. Except they come together from April to May during breeding season and their polyandry, which means that a single female will mate with multiple males as opposed to polygamous. Which means a single male will mate with multiple females and they will mate in what's called a breeding ball. And If you want to be unsettled to your core, look up green and aconda breeding ball.

7 (16m 1s):
Yeah. Breeding ball is the stuff of nightmares For sure. That's like as many as 13 snakes. Sometime just having a big old snake party with each other. That's not how it always goes down though. A lot of times the females will spend an entire mating season with just one dude, but that dude may be lunch after they're impregnated because the female may just eat that male 'cause they've just gotten pregnant and they need to bed down for seven months without eating again. So ts for you pal.

1 (16m 32s):
Yeah. That's something in the animal kingdom called sexual cannibalism. Yeah. Sexual cannibals is maybe the greatest band name we've run across so far.

7 (16m 42s):
Yeah. They open for the fine young cannibals.

1 (16m 44s):
Yeah, exactly. And I just, one other thing about that, I read some species of males will sacrifice themselves to be cannibalized after mating. And there was a study of fisher spiders or dark fisher spiders, something like that, where they found that after the female eats the male, she has more success, like healthier offspring and more offspring. Oh. When she eats the male, then if she immediately ate an alternative prey like a cricket or something like that. So there's something involved in that exchange that helps reproduction and and natural selection go full steam ahead I guess in whatever species does that.

7 (17m 24s):
Wow. That's super interesting.

1 (17m 26s):
I thought so too.

7 (17m 28s):
They mate the green ones that is mate every other year because it's, it's a lot. I think we could admit that that big sex ball that they form sometimes and for weeks. Yeah. And just, you know, the seven month pregnancy and they're not eating, it's just a lot. So they do this every other year. Greens have about 30 babies at a time. Yellow ones have about 40, but there is at least one verified case of a green anaconda having 82 baby Anaconda snakes.

1 (17m 55s):
Yeah, that's, I mean that poor snake. Yeah. She's like my aching back. They have live births too. They're Viva Paris rather than ova Paris. They don't lay eggs like some kinds of snakes. And regardless however the baby comes out, they don't do any parenting. They're just done. They have their babies and they just slither off and the babies are on their own immediately and they just start swimming around and eating whatever's in, in the area. And then after three or four years they get into their own breeding ball situations and the, the circle of life just keeps continuing on.

7 (18m 30s):
Yeah. And those babies are a couple of feet long and that feels like a pretty good place to break. Yay.

1 (18m 38s):
Yay.

7 (18m 40s):
I don't know why I said yay as opposed to nay. We'll be right back.

Washable Sofas (18m 55s):
Let's be real. Life happens, kids still pet shed and accidents are inevitable. That's why you need a washable sofa that can keep up. Our sofas are fully machine washable inside and out. So you can say goodbye to stains and hello to worry-free living made with liquid and stain resistant fabrics. They're kid proof, pet friendly and built for everyday life. Plus changeable fabric covers. Let you refresh your sofa whenever you want. Need flexibility. Our modular design lets you rearrange your sofa anytime to fit your space. Whether it's a growing family room or a cozy apartment. Plus they're earth friendly and trusted by over 200,000 happy customers starting at just $699. It's time to upgrade to a stress-free mis proof sofa. Visit washable sofas.com today and save. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.

Safeway (19m 54s):
Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway now through June 24th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Keebler cookies, Popsicle frozen treats, smart water, silk almond milk, Folgers coffee and carry gold butter. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.

NortonLifeLock (20m 24s):
You're great at protecting your own personal information. You probably even use things like two-factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. But as much as you try to be in control of how your information is protected, there are lots of places that also have it and they might not be as careful as you are. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second for identity threats. If your, your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you might not be able to control how others handle your personal information, but you can help protect it with LifeLock. Save up to 40% your first year, call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.

1 (21m 35s):
So Chuck, there are different species of Anacondas and one of the things that's extremely interesting about this, the, I guess the taxonomy of Anacondas is that very recently they've shaken things up. I mean if you're a herpetologist, this is one of the most exciting things in your field to come along in a really long time, I'm guessing.

7 (21m 54s):
Yeah, I bet you're right.

1 (21m 56s):
So originally up until very recently, scientists divided Anacondas into four species. There was the green anaconda, unes marinas, which we talked about basically this whole time. Yellow Anaconda, unes, notta, the Benny doesn't even, it's not even called an Anaconda, that's how odd it is. That's Unes Beis. And then the dark spotted Ana Anaconda, which is unti de de. Did I say that right? Mr. German pronunciation guy.

7 (22m 33s):
I think that is an I at the end and not an L oh

1 (22m 36s):
DD Deen.

7 (22m 40s):
I think that is exactly right. That's definitely a German

1 (22m 43s):
Word. So those four species are the ones that they've, they've considered Anaconda since time immemorial, but within the last year or so they're like, this is all wrong. We need to re reconfigure stuff into like a, a new breeding ball of Of species of anaconda.

7 (22m 59s):
Yeah. There was a, a paper, as Emily likes to say, probably a white paper from last year where an international team of scientists got together. They had probably the, the leading Anaconda expert in the world. Jesus rivas of New Mexico Highlands University. And they got together and said, guys, I think we gotta, we gotta dig in a little deeper. We're being a little lazy and we gotta rename these re reclassify these, these snakes. We're gonna split these green Anacondas into two species and we're gonna combine the other three into one And Will Smith somehow has something to do with this.

1 (23m 37s):
Yeah. Interestingly so they've studied Anacondas for decades and decades to try to figure out the taxonomies. Correct. Because I mean when Linea started taxonomy it was all based on like, this thing looks like this thing. Right. And as we've gotten better at genetic analysis, we've been like, well just 'cause it looks like it actually, they're not very related at all. That's been the case with Anacondas. But a big chunk of the, the work that's been done, the research that's been done that led to this was done through a National Geographic show poll to poll with Will Smith. Yeah. There was apparently at least one episode where one of the leaders of the people, his name was Penti Bea, he said, Hey Will Smith, why don't you guys come to Ecuador and we'll hang out in the Amazon and we're, we'll we'll lead you around and show you Anacondas and you guys can capture them and test them and release them back.

1 (24m 30s):
And that's exactly what happened. And from that they took all sorts of blood samples and tissue samples and did a genetic analysis and they're like, we got this way wrong. Yeah.

7 (24m 40s):
And Will Smith said, what did the five fingers say to the face?

1 (24m 43s):
I know, man, that's I, that is gonna be tough for him to ever live down.

7 (24m 48s):
It's 'cause it's one of the weirdest public things that's ever happened, televised things that's ever happened. It

1 (24m 53s):
Is weird. Yeah.

7 (24m 54s):
It's still mind boggling to think about. And I remember seeing it live just being like, what did I just

1 (24m 59s):
See? Yeah, no same here. It's crazy. I'm pretty sure I saw it live and not a replay, but it was, but also the violence of it I think is what, what's gonna make it so hard to live down? It was just a ugly, ugly thing.

7 (25m 11s):
It really was. It's

1 (25m 12s):
Crazy.

7 (25m 13s):
Oh man. So strange. So they did some research and again you said that, you know, once we sort of get into the genetics, just 'cause something looks like something doesn't mean much. So they did that, they got into the genetics of these snakes and they found that two, the two green anaconda types 'cause you know, they reclassified were split up. They were, they diverged because of probably plate tectonic activity about 10 million years ago when plates smashed together and created a big like ridge or a mountain range and all of a sudden it's like the Berlin wall and they were split up and they look a lot alike If you look like 'em, like you were saying. But their genomes differ by about five point a half percent, which is a lot genetically.

1 (25m 56s):
Yeah. Humans and chimps are separated by about 2%. Yeah. And these are identical looking snakes. So they're definitely different species. And it just goes to show you like how species put into very similar habitats a long time ago that those small changes that that spread out and out and out over millions of years can have huge sweeping effects that their, their, their genomes could be divergent by 5% just over that time. Which is the basis of chaos theory.

7 (26m 25s):
Oh really?

1 (26m 26s):
Yeah. The little tiny changes. Oh sure. The inputs early on, over a long enough span of time create completely different things over long spans of time.

7 (26m 36s):
You should say that all as Jeff Goldblum.

1 (26m 39s):
I can't, I wish I could do a Jeff Goldblum. Yeah, me too. That would be amazing. I saw him once in person outside of the, what's the place we always stayed for Sketch Fest, the

7 (26m 50s):
Hotel. I saw him outside the hotel too. He was there the same time. And I was at one point, even in a little circular group with friends I knew that knew him and I just stayed quiet and tried to just be among Jeff Goldblum. I feel like

1 (27m 2s):
We talked about this at the San Francisco show.

7 (27m 5s):
I think so. And my takeaway just from being near him is that boy he was a charming, lovely guy that it seemed like he wanted every interaction with the person to leave thinking like what a great dude that guy is.

1 (27m 17s):
Andy smells like a million dollars, a

7 (27m 19s):
Million bucks.

1 (27m 21s):
So yeah, I wish I could do it. Jeff Goldblum too, I guess is what I'm trying to say.

7 (27m 25s):
So we should mention the range quickly before we probably break again the greens, obviously almost all of Brazil and other parts of South America, east of the Andes, up the northern Venezuela coast. You can find 'em as far south as Paraguay and interestingly also maybe unlucky for them on the Caribbean island of Trinidad.

1 (27m 49s):
Yes. Okay, now here's where the salt tolerance thing comes up. Aha. I could not figure out, If you look at a map, Trinidad is, there's a part of Venezuela that's no more than 10 miles away from Trinidad and Tobago the islands right off of Venezuela. So these things can swim and hold their breath for 10 minutes. I was like, how did they get to Trinidad? Did they swim? I still have no idea how they got to Trinidad. It had to have been, you know, at, at a point in time when Trinidad was still fused to

7 (28m 22s):
Oh maybe

1 (28m 22s):
To South America or like maybe the sea levels were lower so there was a land bridge. I don't know. But that's how I found out that they're not salt tolerant, they're only freshwater snakes because no, they couldn't have swam to Trinidad. That's the answer to that.

7 (28m 37s):
Even if they Vaseline up and wore the, the goggles and the skull cap

1 (28m 43s):
And the bike shorts.

7 (28m 45s):
Yeah. Oh yeah. They wear bike shorts these days.

1 (28m 47s):
What was it that Peewee Herman thing and PeeWee's Big adventure. He said. Oh yeah, he's talking about blowing your mind. He is like, have you ever seen a snake wear a vest? You remember that part? That's Yu Me's favorite part in that entire room. I

7 (29m 0s):
Don't remember that part. That's funny. I thought I knew that movie Inside and Out. That's very funny. I've not seen that documentary yet on Peewee Herman. I heard it's really, really good though. Yeah,

1 (29m 8s):
We just watched it. It is very good. Yeah. Okay. There's also one we were watching called Chimp Crazy by the guy who did Tiger King.

7 (29m 15s):
Oh no thanks.

1 (29m 16s):
It's, it's not, it's not as hard to watch as you would think. It's more human interest stuff, but yeah, I mean there's still, it's weird 'cause you, it's you empathize with both sides. It's one of those documentaries

7 (29m 29s):
I, I'm one of the few people that didn't have any interest or watch Tiger. Was it Tiger? What? King? Tiger

1 (29m 34s):
King. You kind of missed out man. That was something.

7 (29m 38s):
Yeah. I don't feel like I did.

1 (29m 40s):
Okay, well then yeah, you might not like Chimp crazy then If you didn't wanna watch Tiger King.

7 (29m 45s):
All right, shall we take that break?

11 (29m 47s):
Yes.

7 (29m 48s):
Alright, we'll be back and talk about human interactions with Anacondas right after this

Anaba (30m 3s):
Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing an Bay Sofas where designer style meets budget friendly prices. An bay brings you the ultimate in furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. Anaba Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stain resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy liquids Simply slide right off designed for custom comfort. Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years. Don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.

Safeway (31m 3s):
Hey There, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 24th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Keebler cookies, Popsicle frozen treats, smart water, silk almond milk, Folgers coffee and carry gold butter. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.

Ramp (31m 34s):
And we're back folks. It looks like Jim from sales just got in from his client lunch and he's gotten receipts. His next meeting is in two minutes. The team is asking can he get through his expenses in that time? He's going for it. Is that his phone? He's snapping a pick. He's texting Ram Jim is fast but this is unheard of. That's it. He's done it. It's unbelievable. On ramp expenses are faster than ever. Just submit them with a text. Switch your business to ramp.com.

7 (32m 16s):
So we mentioned that you're probably not in danger around an Anaconda. I don't know if I'd go like partying with one, but you know we said they may eat like every couple of months. So If you know for a fact that Anaconda has eaten something, those are probably the one videos you're seeing on the internet. When there's people like, you know, doing like documentary work on Anacondas, they probably know that that thing is eaten.

1 (32m 38s):
Yeah. Interestingly there was a study that found that humans who live around Anacondas see a full Anaconda as far less threatening than one that doesn't seem have a big potbelly. Yeah,

7 (32m 50s):
I would

1 (32m 50s):
Say so. It makes sense.

7 (32m 52s):
There was a book that I don't even know if we should mention, but a book from the fifties called Giant Snake Hunt by a guy named Ralph Blomberg who claimed two definite cases of people being killed by snakes. But I think that book is probably not accurate is my guess. There is a video that I watched from Terra Santa Brazil that has a guy, I'm sure you watched this too, and Anaconda standing or the guy was standing rather in like chest deep water in a river in Brazil and the Anaconda was wrapped around him and the, his buddies up on the boat were trying to get it off and he bit this snake near its head and the snake released it and they got, they got this guy out of there.

1 (33m 30s):
It was weird. If you listen closely, his bite made the same sound that Fred Flintstone makes when he bites into something that Trump sound. I was really surprised. It was very

7 (33m 42s):
Surprising.

1 (33m 43s):
So yeah, this is the, the, that's really, really rare that that happens and the guy was able to escape unharmed. The point is, is if a, if an Anacon Anaconda wanted to to take you on, like you would be in big trouble. Yeah, sure. It turns out that there are some people who want in Anaconda to take them on. Yeah. There's a guy named Paul Oli who is, for all intents and purposes is chainsaw from summer school. Did you look this up and see him?

7 (34m 11s):
I did. And, and I remember when this happened.

1 (34m 14s):
Okay, so Discovery Channel had a two hour special called Eaton Alive where Paul Rizzoli was out looking for a giant Anaconda to eat him. And it was just pulse pounding from the beginning to the last moment from what I understand. Yeah.

7 (34m 29s):
He don't remember

1 (34m 30s):
This. No.

7 (34m 31s):
Oh boy I do. It was a media disaster and I, I would like to think a low point for Discovery Channel, but he, they made a, a carbon fiber suit that he wore and he drenched himself in pig's blood as you do. And what he claimed was like, oh, I want to bring awareness to the loss of habitats, you know, for these snakes. But close to 40,000 people signed a petition beforehand calling it animal abuse saying you can't do a show like this. The show itself was a, a disaster sort of a, a Geraldo digging for who was it Jimmy Hoffer or was it,

1 (35m 7s):
I don't know about Hoffa. I know that he did found Al Capone's Vault

7 (35m 12s):
Al Capone. That was it. That had nothing basically in it. No. And that was kind of the deal here where almost all of the show was just prep in the last 15 minutes. This snake, this poor snake being exploited, tries to bite him on the head and starts constricting him and he's like, oh, oh my arm and he taps out and that was it. Right.

1 (35m 30s):
If so I think the rule of thumb here, Chuck, is If you are in another animal's habitat messing with it and there's a TV camera on you, you are in the wrong. There is no exception to that. Agreed. 'cause you are going into their house and messing with them. Yes. For your own benefit. And that's just wrong. It's wrong and don't do it.

7 (35m 51s):
Agreed.

1 (35m 52s):
Yeah, that's all I have to say about that.

7 (35m 54s):
I think we should mention a couple of these tweets though 'cause they're pretty funny.

1 (35m 56s):
Totally. There was one person who said that they called it Eat Alive because getting squeezed really hard didn't sound as enticing. That was a good one. That's pretty

7 (36m 7s):
Another one. Someone said calling it hashtag Eat Alive is like having a show on the food network about cooking a Turkey and all they do after two hours is preheat the oven.

1 (36m 16s):
Good stuff

7 (36m 18s):
Roasted.

1 (36m 18s):
I don't remember it at all and I, I don't remember it being a disaster, but I could, I could see that.

7 (36m 24s):
Yeah. As far as human interaction, you know, humans are probably a bigger threat, not probably humans are a bigger threat to Anacondas than they are to them. Definitely. A lot of times it will be preemptively killed in a small community because of fear of like small kids, maybe a little bit more of a threat or a small elderly person perhaps, or your livestock. A lot of times they'll describe this as retaliatory killing because they, they ate my prize dear so I'm gonna kill it. But they did an actual study in Brazil in 2015 and they found it, it's probably more of a preemptive fear to keep them from doing something like that.

1 (37m 1s):
Right. And based on your human development index score, which is a, a rating of education level and standard of living and income for an area, the lower that score, the more likely you are to kill an anaconda. I feel like that's a little bit slanted because I feel like people with high human development index scores probably don't live with Anacondas in their yard. So I think that's a little bit skewed, but I, I get, I get the gist that, you know, the more you're educated about say animals, the more, the less likely you are to, to hurt them. Yeah. At the same time, the more educated you are, probably the more removed you are from animals.

1 (37m 44s):
So it's hard to fault people who literally live among Anacondas or other things that they perceive as a threat killing them. Even though to us in the, the developed world or the global north, it seems just abhorrent. We don't have to deal with that. So it's, there's a certain amount of judgment that you have to take perspective on. Either way. I wish that no one would kill an anaconda, especially if they leave humans alone. But I don't, I can't also put myself in the shoes of the people who live among them, I guess is what I'm saying. Yeah.

7 (38m 15s):
Well said.

1 (38m 17s):
I'm glad you said that 'cause I'm out of breath.

7 (38m 19s):
No, that's great. Yeah. Obviously a loss of habitat is a problem for everything in South America. Draining of wetlands for agricultural use and just, you know, clear cutting of rainforest and things like that. Despite all this, they're in pretty good shape. The international union for conservation of nature and natural resources classified or they're currently classified as of least concern. That

1 (38m 46s):
Was surprising.

7 (38m 48s):
Yeah, I mean they're, they're, they're doing pretty good. You might wonder about like, well what about these things? Like if people bring 'em over and all of a sudden they're in the swamps of Florida. There are some Anacondas in Florida, but it's generally not a problem. The Burmese python is, you know, very much on record as being a much, much bigger problem. But regardless, Florida has a complete ban on Anacondas and they are prohibited as pets.

1 (39m 14s):
They said, don't even, don't even think about it. We're Florida. We'll we'll find you, we'll hunt you down and find you If you release an anaconda here. One of the reasons why they're, they're not a big problem as an invasive species is because they're really hard to keep as pets. Like you essentially need like a, a a zoo exhibit sized place. There's a word in there somewhere that I'm missing to, to keep an anaconda like at your home. Most people can't do that. So there's not a lot of pet Anacondas anywhere that could be released in the first place. Yeah.

7 (39m 49s):
So we're gonna finish up with a little bit on some of the more famous Anacondas. First of which has gotta be Anna Julia. This is a 20 footer, 440 pound female, obviously green and probably the most famous anaconda that lived in the Formosa River or near bonito Brazil because there's a lot of ecotourism there. And Anna Julia was just present a lot and the water there in the river around Bonita is, is pretty clear as far as that kind of water goes. And Anna Julia was not aggressive so she was like, Hey, If you wanna make a documentary about me, I'm right here. Let's do it. Come

1 (40m 25s):
On in the water's fine.

7 (40m 27s):
Yeah. Or maybe you don't come out in the water.

1 (40m 29s):
So there's a Yeah, well there's actually from that study, that pole pole National Geographic thing that contributed to that huge study that changed the species arrangement, the taxonomy, one of the biologists involved in that. There's a video of him swimming alongside Anna Julia and she's totally underwater just swimming along and does not seem at all bothered by his presence. I mean, he is not like trying to ride her or anything like that. He's not putting a vest on her. Was

7 (40m 56s):
He, was he the one wearing the fricking dress shirt?

1 (41m 0s):
I think so, yeah. He was not dressed for for snorkeling or swimming. It was

7 (41m 5s):
Very weird. Well, and and I immediately went to the comments, I'm like, surely I'm not the only one that is noticing this. And of course everyone is like, well I see the guy dressed, you know, formal for the occasion. Right. And everyone's talking about this guy wearing, I mean it may be one of those weird sort of moisture wicking out all, all weather outdoor shirts that just is a button up. But why are you swimming in a button up?

1 (41m 27s):
I get the impression that he's Dutch.

7 (41m 30s):
Oh, that explains it.

1 (41m 32s):
So what's sad about it though is that Anna Julia was found dead just a few weeks after this, that research that she was a huge part of like, because she was so docile, they were able to closely study and observe her and she contributed greatly to our understanding of Ana Kda. And she died like five weeks after that research was published, that big 2024 paper. Yeah. And of course everybody's like somebody like who shot Anna Julia. It was like a, a murder mystery that Netflix quickly made a 10 part series about. And it turns out that she died of natural causes.

7 (42m 6s):
Yeah. Which is sad, but good to know that she was not killed.

1 (42m 10s):
Yeah, definitely.

7 (42m 12s):
If you live in St. Louis, you're probably screaming at us right now. You gotta mention JLo guys, you gotta mention JLo. JLo was the 18 foot 210 pound Anaconda that lived for about a dozen years at the St. Louis Zoo and, you know, feel what you want about zoos. But this Anaconda was saved, actually escaped being sold for meat and skin at a Guyana market and an animal exporter stepped in, bought the snake and brought to J-Lo to the zoo in 2010 and was apparently the star of the show at their developing herp.

1 (42m 49s):
Yeah. And the, the animal exporter who brought her very famously put her in what looked like a present box with like a bow on it and everything. It was like, here you go guys and let 'em open it. And all of a sudden JLo sprung out and coiled herself in a very like happy, playful way around the zookeeper.

7 (43m 7s):
Yeah. Kind of like a genuine hug.

1 (43m 9s):
Yeah, exactly. And slithered off. And because Anacondas sound just like this Anaconda in the movie Anaconda, she went as she slithered off because that's the sound that that snakes make. Hey,

7 (43m 26s):
That sounds sort of like the sound that the the mummy makes. Did you ever see that special? No. They, they built a, they were just talking about this on the three podcast with Scott Ackerman, Lauren Lapkus and Paula Tompkins where there was a another one of the specials. So like, let's recreate this thing that we have no idea what it sounded like. And they tried to recreate what a mummy sounded like by building this, I think a 3D mummy voice box and passing air through it. And it was just sort of like, hey,

1 (43m 56s):
A mummy, a dead human being that's been embalmed.

7 (44m 0s):
Yeah,

1 (44m 1s):
That's bizarre. I mean I'm sure they sounded like a human pre mummy and then they didn't sound like anything 'cause they were dead post mummification. That's just

7 (44m 10s):
Odd. I I know

1 (44m 12s):
My, my mind just got blown.

7 (44m 16s):
I, I I'm with you. It's, it was a very strange thing. Okay. I don't know why they did it. I don't know much about it other than hearing it on freedom and looking it up. 'cause I had to hear the sound

1 (44m 25s):
Like we, we may edit that gap out but there is a substantial pause where we were both just stunned thinking about this for a second.

7 (44m 32s):
No, I think we should leave it in there. 'cause that was, that was real life.

1 (44m 36s):
Who else Chuck, we gotta mention Oliver from the San Francisco Zoo.

7 (44m 40s):
You know what's funny is I didn't, I was so caught up in the sound that that mummy made. I didn't even

1 (44m 45s):
Think about like,

7 (44m 46s):
What does that even mean?

1 (44m 47s):
Yeah, what are you doing? Like who thought of that idea?

7 (44m 51s):
Oh, I dunno. It's probably Discovery Channel.

1 (44m 53s):
So Yeah, I mean that's just bizarre. There was Oliver from San Francisco Zoo, he may have been the oldest Anaconda to live in captivity. He was 40 they think. And then the oldest living snake in captivity is Annie who is in the Monte Casino Bird Gardens in Johannesburg, South Africa. And in 2 20, 21 May 14th, 2021. Guinness said that she was 37 years and 317 days old. And since Olivia said that she couldn't find any mention of her death and that she, she thinks that she's still there. That she's coming up on her 42nd birthday.

1 (45m 36s):
Wow. So yeah, on May 62nd she'll be 42 years old.

7 (45m 41s):
You know what they don't have in that bird garden

1 (45m 44s):
Birds. Yep. That was great. And Chuck, we can't go any further.

7 (45m 50s):
Alright, I'm

1 (45m 50s):
Done. Okay, well Chuck's done because he just dropped the mic and since he did that, it's time for listener. Man,

7 (45m 59s):
I'm gonna call this, this is a fun follow up. I always love it when we do something on someone and like a family member writes in.

1 (46m 9s):
Oh yeah.

7 (46m 10s):
And that's what happened here with Ke I, this one Del Hey guys, listening to the popcorn episode, I was delighted you mentioned Charles Reers, my great great, great grandfather. Here's some more information about him and how he came to invent the popcorn machine. He founded Sea Creators and Company in Chicago in 1885. Initially building peanut roasters, patented the process of popping popcorn and oil or seasoning as he called it, to prevent popcorn from burning. In 1893, he patented the first popcorn popper, which used a steam engine to power it. And he debuted it at the 1893 Colombian Exposition at, at first his invention wasn't getting much attention until he started handing out free bags of popcorn.

7 (46m 50s):
Brilliant. I love it. During the 20th century, early 20th century, his invention became a staple for street vendors helping them to support themselves and their families. And today, sea Reers and companies a fifth generation family business. My grandfather Charles d Reers owns the company and both my uncles and my mom still work there to this day.

1 (47m 10s):
Oh, that's so cool.

7 (47m 11s):
I love that. That is from Garrett. I guess Del thanks

1 (47m 15s):
A lot Garrett. This is a fantastic email. We do love it when we talk about somebody and a family member writes in, especially when they're not upset at us.

7 (47m 23s):
Yeah. And especially when they did something great like admitting the popcorn

1 (47m 26s):
Machine. That's right. If you wanna be like Garrett, you can get in touch with us via email. You can send it off to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com.

6 (47m 38s):
Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.

Safeway (47m 54s):
Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Sargento, cheese slices, helman's mayonnaise lay's, party sized chips and snacks and Triscuits. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.

Public.com (48m 24s):
And here we have a specimen from the early two thousands, a legacy investing platform. Please don't touch the exhibit folks. It could crash. Ready to step outta the Financial History museum@public.com. You can invest in almost everything, stocks, bonds, options, and more. You could even put your cash to work at an industry leading 4.1% a PY. Leave your clunky, outdated platform behind. Go to public.com and fund your account in five minutes or less. Paid for by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and SIPC, full disclosures at public.com/disclosures.

Let's Try This Again (48m 55s):
You don't know me yet, but I bet we have something in common. We all wish we were better functioning humans. Maybe figure out how to sleep better, have more meaningful relationships, cook more. That's search for practical knowledge. It's my job at the Washington Post. I host a podcast called Try This. Every episode is like an audio class and we learn together. I'm Christina Quinn. Now you know me. Check out. Try this wherever you're listening. This is an iHeartPodcasts.