(0s):
Hey everyone. We're brought to you today by the Capital One Quicksilver Card. Earn unlimited 1.5% cash back on every purchase everywhere. Plus, there's no limit to the amount of cash back you can earn. And rewards don't expire for the life of the account. It's that simple. The Capital One Quicksilver card, what's in your wallet? Terms supply. See Capital One dot com for details.

(24s):
The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer, making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new car, like a legendary Camry built for performance and available with all wheel drive. You can count on your new Camry to get you anywhere you need to go. Or check out an affordable and reliable Corolla with a trim for every lifestyle. From the hip sedan to the sporty hatchback, there's a Corolla built just for you. Check out more national sales event deals when you visit. Buy a toyota.com. Toyota, let's go places.

(59s):
Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, a production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck Jerry's here too. And I can't think of anything hilarious to say, so I'm just gonna say this is Stuff You Should Know. That's right. A live show listener request edition because yeah, peacocks came to us. Did you get her name or is, can we just say The wonderful young girl at our Atlanta live show? I really wanna say Sarah, but I'm not sure.

(1m 39s):
So whoever you are, a young girl who suggested peacocks at the Atlanta Show, write in to tell us your name so we can tell everybody. Yeah, so this is a great idea. We're talking about peacocks, which is, If you wanna look at the, the word itself, it's English And it is derived from the Latin word Pavo. And in old English, that was pronounced pwa, PAWA. And that was shortened over the years to po eventually Pocock, then cock And I guess peacock. And it, it's linked a little bit to this old expression, proud as a poe, which is, you know how a peacock kind of struts around all prideful.

(2m 21s):
Right. And then eventually it became peacock. Yeah. And you would think it would've become peacock like in the 1950s or sixties. But no, it became peacock as far back as the 13 hundreds. Yeah. So that's it for etymology of peacock, but there's a little more about the word peacock because a lot of, you're getting things wrong and you need to be corrected. Yeah. Harshly. Sometimes a peacock is specifically the male of the species. Obviously the P hen is the female. So If you see a brown kind of drab looking peacock and you say, look at that brown peacock. Well, you just sound like a Hays seeded.

(3m 1s):
Yeah, it's a hin. And she's not drab. She's camouflaged. That's right. They're little babies. Girl. Pee chicks. And If you want to talk as we're going to about the, the species as a whole, we're gonna be saying pea fowl. And then we will, you know, when we say cock, we're gonna mean male. When we say hin, we're gonna mean lady. And when we say chick, we're gonna mean bb. Okay. I think we've really laid it out. There are three main species speaking of laying this out of the powl. And you have the most common that you, If you live in the United States and you've seen one maybe in a zoo or maybe in a park or maybe just strutt around your neighborhood.

(3m 42s):
Yeah, we have some walking around our area too. Oh Yeah. Is it, I mean, the same ones from many years ago. 'cause you told the story years ago about the, the sound of the peacock. Sorry. No, those were, those were Yu me's, grandma's peacock neighborhood peacocks. Oh, okay. And for some reason, the ones that live around me are not a disturbance at all. I mean, they make their sounds, but it's few and it's few and far between. It's not annoying at all. It's kind of cute. And it's just a different experience than it was around Yu's grandma's house. All right, fair enough.

(4m 22s):
I mean, I've talked before about my neighborhood peacocks. I have not seen them in a few years, so I don't know if they're still around. And the house is on my morning dog walk, so I haven't seen those peacocks around in a little while, those powl. So I'm not sure if they're around, but we used to see 'em occasionally And it was all great fun. But where I started 10 minutes ago saying is If you see one of those in the United States, you're probably almost certainly looking at a blue powl or an Indian P fowl. Yeah, for sure. They are not native to the United States, although they thrive in coastal warmish areas. Kind of muggy areas you could say too.

(5m 4s):
Although also arid areas. Anyway, California and Florida, let's just specify that they do really well there. But they're native to India, Pakistan and Sri Lanka. Yes, exactly. They're the most common, little less common, but still more common than the third group is the green powl or the Javanese Powl. So native to Java, Southeast Asia and Myanmar. And then what's our little third grouping? The Congo Powl. That's right. Little, little. It's like a little mini Turkey. He looks like, they look like they're native to the Congo Basin in Africa.

(5m 44s):
And the Indian and Javanese p fowl prefer kind of openish fields and maybe kind of treeline streets that that's why they love neighborhoods. Parks like it. It replicates their native habitat. The Congo Powl prefer to live in the forest itself. Yeah, Yeah, that's right. So That's, that's where they like to live, No matter which kind of powl you're talking about. They're all gonna be omnivores. They eat lots of seeds and berries and you know, plant life and stuff like that, as well as some insects. But they'll also munch down on a mouse or a little cute lizard or a snake if they want to, if they're feeling peckish, I guess.

(6m 27s):
Get it peckish. So they are the among the largest flying birds in the world. A lot. Something a lot of people don't realize about powl is that they can fly, apparently the green powl fowl. Yeah, I said that right? Yeah. Is a, is a pretty strong flyer. The Indian or blue p fowl is not great, but they can make it to the roof of a two story building. Yeah. Pretty fast. If a dog like Momo barks at 'em, I can tell you that. Yeah, I've seen that too. So they're, they can fly and, and they are very large too Blue P fowl the most common one. They're the biggest of the three, the a adult male can measure 50 inches.

(7m 11s):
It's a little over four feet. God knows how many meters we're talking about, let's say 1.2. And it's trained so that that what you think of as the tail feathers are actually not the tail. They actually protrude out of the back of the, the pea fowl or the peacock in this case that can be five to seven feet long. So they are a big, big bird. Not big bird size, but they're still a big bird. That's right. And as you'll see that, that big beautiful train is a big part of the mating ritual. So when you see that thing fully displayed, when that peacock wants to have a little good time with a p hen, that thing may go five to seven feet in every direction.

(7m 56s):
It's amazing. Very, very large. They also use it to defend their territory. I saw a guy laying pavers once and he was apparently laying pavers on a peacock's territory because the peacock head is trained like fully fanned out. Oh really? And was like shaking and staring at the guy like, I'm gonna kill you If you don't stop laying pavers right there. Oh wow. The guy just completely ignored him. It was pretty funny to see 'cause that peacock was quite serious. I bet. So the blue adult male peacock is about a 13 pounder. If you don't count wild turkeys, which are usually put into a different family, although they can be in the pheasant family, they are the largest. The peacock that is, is the largest in the pheasant family.

(8m 37s):
You're not gonna take a shot at the family name for the turkeys. I wasn't gonna, but you can Milia grid a day. Oh Great. I think I got it. I didn't even practice that one. Good job. But those turkeys, did you say they can weigh up to 30 pounds? I didn't say that about the turkeys, but yeah, they're, they're big. That's a big Turkey. It's like the baby Huey types. Yeah, I got that Turkey family living in, living at my camp. There's six or eight of them now. They're just, they hang around together. I get 'em on the camp. Camp. It's just lovely. Well, are they used to your presence or, 'cause those things run, they have really sharp eyesight and they scatter quick.

(9m 18s):
No, no. I mean sadly all the wonderful camp activity is when I'm not there. They, I have a feeling that they peer through the woods and they're like, oh, the guys are down there again. Right. They'll, they'll they lead tomorrow Spending a weekend like standing up against the tree and not moving. Seeing what happens. No, I'll do that though. You should. Yeah. Buy yourself some nice camouflage clothing first though. It'll help a lot. I've already got that stuff. Okay, so I also said that the blue pns are sometimes considered drab. And I mean, compared to the males, they are not quite as as easy on the eyes. Right. But they're brown and they're drab because the female blue pee hens are responsible for guarding their nests.

(10m 5s):
And even though they spend a lot of time roosting in trees, very often they sleep overnight in trees. They build their nests on the ground and little depressions on the ground lined with sticks. And so they have to defend that, that nest at all times. The easiest way to defend it is to not be seen. So they steer clear of being seen by things like leopards and tigers and mongoose and all that by blending in with the surrounding terrain And momo's. Yeah. Momo doesn't actually want to predate the the peacock. She just wants it to know like this is momo's yard. Yeah, peacock. Let him know who's boss. Right, exactly. Momo's boss. So the green powl, you know we're gonna talk about a little bit about all of them, even though the blue are the most common.

(10m 52s):
But the green, if it's not mating season, you may not be able to tell 'em apart. Right. They both have that really nice green neck, that sort of light green here and there. And during mating season is when you're gonna see the male's train grow a lot longer. But then they molt and they shed those. So more or less they look about the same when it's not mating season. Yeah. And they're both very, very beautiful. They have amazingly beautiful feathers as well. Very good. The little Congo P fowl, they're kind of cute dark blue neck feathers and dark green and black train females are also brown, but they, they're just not, nothing can beat a blue peacock.

(11m 31s):
Yeah. It, they just can't. I'm sorry I, that's a hill I'll die on if I have to. Yeah, it's fantastic. And If you have one in your neighborhood and, and as a pet in captivity, if one of your neighbors does, you may just get used to that sound and get used to seeing them because they could live 40, 50 years when kept as pets. I'm not suggesting that they be kept as pets. I'm just saying that people do that. They live about 10 to 25 years in the wild. Yeah. They can also kind of haul pretty fast. They can run up to 10 miles an hour when they need to. Okay. You gotta get a good running start If you wanna get off the ground. I guess That's right. With their little like aviator goggles on. Yeah, Totally. You wanna take a break? Yeah. Alright, well we're gonna do that.

(12m 12s):
Everybody watch this

(12m 19s):
Stuff. You Should Know Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms apply, see Capital One dot com slash bank Capital One. NA member

(12m 49s):
FDIC. Hey friends, if you're like me, you don't want just fast internet service. You need it. And believe it or not, there are plenty of places in America where people don't have access. Yeah. And that's why this story is so important.

(13m 4s):
At and t recently completed an at t fiber buildup to more than 20,000 customer locations in Oldham County, Kentucky. So the entire community now has access to high speed connectivity. Now you know what high speed internet can do for a regular person, but how about a farmer? Suddenly it's easier to sell cattle, buy feed research fixes for broken machinery. You get the picture. And you know what, I think that's fascinating. It doesn't matter what you do for a living these days. You need to be connected. Yeah. And now the big part, this isn't just a Kentucky story. At and t is on track to cover more than 30 million locations with fiber by the end of 2025. So those opportunities, Oldham County got connected to well at and t is bringing them to millions of people across America. And that's good news for everybody. Connecting changes everything at and t

(13m 51s):
Hey everybody, we wanna tell you that Peloton has a variety that will allow you to adapt to any season of life and keep you coming back through changing interest, potential injuries and recoveries. And even just a busy season. Pelotons still going to be there to keep you going each step of the way. That's right. From four weeks strength building classes to running, cycling and everything in between. Peloton can adapt to any goal and need in this season of your life. Yeah. You can challenge yourself anywhere too with Pelotons all access membership. So you can work out where you need to like at home on your bike tread or row or you can take your favorite classes on the go and at the gym with the app. That's right. Peloton has the perfect class for you to sweat in no matter what. So find your push and find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.

(14m 52s):
So I think it's high time that we talk about what everybody thinks of when they think of peacocks, which is that amazing train of feathers spread out in a fan behind them the, and it's correct to say him. And this is all part of the mating ritual, right? That's the whole point of those feathers. Again, the peacocks will use it to try to or off or intimidate trespassers in their territory. But for the most part, the whole thing is to impress the P hens. That's right. And when a male wants to impress a p hen that peacock will prop up those feathers into a big beautiful fan.

(15m 32s):
Dave likens it. Dave helped us with this too, like an inverted umbrella. So it's sort of, you know, when you see it as sort of pointed back from their butt hole area toward and, and they will shake those feathers and the shaking isn't just like, Hey look how pretty an iridescent this gorgeous train is. Science has discovered semi recently that those, those vibrations are in lockstep with the PFOS head feathers that they used to think were just for show. But now they realize they are, they vibrate at the same intensity And that they can actually, you know, sort of feel when those tail feathers are vibrating in their direction through their head feathers.

(16m 14s):
Yeah. They're like receivers. Yeah. Isn't that neat? Super cool. They resonate at the same, at the same rate. The the male peacock, when he shakes those, those feathers, that fan, he can shake it at more than 25 times a second. And that resonance, I think it's like 25.6 hertz to be exact, that just happens to be tuned in almost precisely to the crest feathers on the PFOS head. And in addition to the site, apparently P hens have amazing sight. So they're seeing everything that the peacock's showing 'em, but also they're, they're feeling it like they're, they're that's transmitting that vibration or resonance is transmitting to their head.

(16m 54s):
So it's quite a like you're not gonna turn down a peacock If you're a P hen. They're pretty amazing dude. I guess That's right. And before we get emails, I'm sure Josh will admit that when you said it just happens to vibrate the same frequency, that is no accident at all. It's called natural selection baby. Oh yeah, sure. I mean you're just being admit that Cheeky. But I'm sure somebody would write in and say No Josh, it didn't just happen to vibrate that way. It's by design Intelligent design people you mean? No, no, No. Creationists, No by design as natural selection. It's very teleological.

(17m 35s):
I don't even know what that means. What's that mean? It means that that everything has a purpose. So it was like designed to be a certain way. Oh I love that. See people when you don't know a word, it's okay to say a, I don't know what that means. It sure is Chuck. That's a great example to set. So, and you didn't talk down to me, you told me the definition. Now I'm a little bit smarter because of you. Yeah. I wasn't like dummy. Listen up Teleological. Alright, so we need to cover this part of the mating ritual because the fact of the matter is the peacock loves to to get around the block, If you know what I mean.

(18m 15s):
They have a social structure called elect, LEK, which is basically a harem and the male is gonna meet with several females. But here's the part that's a little maybe not intuitive, even though the male is mating with many females, the male isn't running the show as far as who he gets to do that with. Yeah. So he's putting on this huge show not to be like, I'm hypnotizing you baby do my bidding. He's doing it because he is like, check me out, don't you like me? Like look at this. Isn't, aren't I amazing? And the female can either be like, I've seen better or she Could be like, yeah, you're right up my alley. You just happen to be vibrating at my resonance.

(18m 56s):
You know? Right. This is, that's teleological. So yeah. So one of the ways that a male will make himself seem even more veal than he is, there's something called the hoot dash noise. And just the hoot is the noise part. It's called a hoot dash because right after the male hoots, he dashes toward the female and they start mating. Right. It's actually quite disturbing to see. Yeah. A lot of mating in the animal world is really disturbing To see. I saw a video too, it's like the dash was very close to the hoot. Yeah. But that's what that noise is called. So males realize that like the more hoot, dashing, or hoot sounds that they make, the more females in earshot but not an eyeshot, I guess will hear.

(19m 44s):
Oh wow. Like Terry really gets it on with a lot of, a lot of P hens. I'm gonna give him a shot next time he comes around because he must be very veal like a third of those hoot dash sounds are faked essentially. That's right. So when that finally happens, the female p hen will scratch out a little depression in the, in the ground basically and line it with sticks. And that's their little nest. They're gonna lay four to eggs that are gonna hatch after four weeks. And those little peach chicks are up and around pretty much right outta the gate. It'll take 'em a couple of weeks to fly. And those boys that are peacocks aren't gonna get those train feathers until their second year.

(20m 28s):
They're like, why don't you just chill for a couple of years and not think about that thing? Yeah. They're so cute too. Do not rely on the internet for what a baby peacock looks like. Apparently. It's, it's been a a great example to demonstrate how much AI is just screwing the internet up. Oh Really? Yeah. Yeah. If you go on Google image search for baby peacocks, like, like people think that there's pictures of like a, a giant or like a miniaturized, cute big-eyed peacock And that that's a baby peacock. They all look like pee hens, like little brown pee hens. But even if they're peacocks, that's how they start out. So just check it out, just search baby peacock for images And see If you think, and it's a lie.

(21m 12s):
It's a lie for sure. Oh My God. But it's also, God, that's the cutest little iridescent blue baby duckling thing I've ever seen. Right. But it doesn't exist. That's not real. Ugh. Hey don't blame me. Blame the AI running the internet. Yeah. Those eyes are suspiciously large and Disney like, So one other thing about the P chicks is that they stay with their mom for two to six months depending on whether they're in captivity in the wild. Moms are much more maternal instinct wise in the wild than they are in captivity. So, you know, depends on the situation, how long they hang around them.

(21m 54s):
But just watching, have you ever seen a pee hen with her little pee chicks follow in there? No, I've just seen the Turkey version at the camp. It's very cute. Oh my God. I'll bet baby turkeys are pretty cute too. Yeah, the the following around is is just very cute. 'cause like mom's up front and there's like six little guys and girls just following it along. Like, I can keep up, I can keep up. And there's always one straggler that has to like run faster to catch up with the group. Yeah. Barney love That guy. Who Barney. That's a perfect name. So the dads, as far as blue and green peacocks go are not around. They're complete absentee dads.

(22m 34s):
But hey, if you're feeling bad for the family unit, just go to the Congo. 'cause those Congo Powl are monogamous. They don't have those lex, they like one lady and they hang around and feed and raise pea chicks with mommy. Yeah, Pretty great, huh? Yeah, it's great. So I think we should talk a little bit about natural selection, sexual selection. Charles Darwin, kind of what you were alluding to earlier, right? Yeah. Because Charles Darwin was bringing a little too much of his human baggage to some of this research. It seems pretty clear, don't you think? For sure. And how was he doing that? So Darwin grew up or lived in the Victorian era where women were viewed as passive submissive.

(23m 20s):
They were just there and, and had their fingers crossed that a man of adequate dashing this would come along and marry them. Right. So that meant that it was the men, the males of the Victorian era, human species in England at least, that were responsible for sexual selection. They chose the winners and the losers among women. Well, Darwin was looking around the, the, the world of nature basically all the other animals. And it was like, that's not really what I'm seeing out there. And in the peacocks in particular, the, the, the females are again drab, really camouflaged while the males have these amazing beautiful displays that strongly suggests that the males are performing for the females and it's the females who are doing the sexual selecting.

(24m 8s):
Yeah. And he had such a hard time wrestling with this. There's a quote from him that said the sight of a p feather made him sick. Right. Because he could not give in and he finally be was, you know, science got the better of him. And he is like, that's just how it is. I don't like it. But females in the animal kingdom are typically the ones who select sexually and end up are the, they're the drivers of natural selection. They choose what passes on to the next generation based on the kind of male mates that they choose. That's right. And that choosing is based on the, the, that flashy display that we're gonna talk a little bit more about as far as the colors and stuff go And that vibration. But if there's science behind that or is there science behind that?

(24m 51s):
Yes. In 1994, it seems like it, at least there were some researchers in Britain that found that the, the bigger peacocks that had more eye spots, you know, they look like eyes. What are they called? O Oly. Elli. OO. In, in the Italian it'd be cell because sea followed by a vowel is a chest sound. So let's just go with Italian, say elli. Okay. But the more of those they have and the, and the larger that they are and the more just big and beautiful they are, it looks like the larger offspring they're gonna have, they're gonna be more likely to survive. So it seems like they're more genetically fit. Yeah. And those eye spots play a real starring role in this whole sexual selection mating process.

(25m 36s):
Right. So the feathers in and of themselves are pretty amazing. But the, I spots these little dots with different colors on 'em that are across like a, like scattered all across the train feathers, the fan they are of a slightly different structure, slightly different density than the rest of the feathers surrounding them. So when that train resonates at 25.6 hertz, they appear to stand still and float against the background. Wow. Of the other feathers that are vibrating at the same frequency but are just of a slightly different density. And this is so important, these elli, the eye spots are so important that scientists have figured out that other species that also have eye spots aren't, they don't share a common ancestor with peacocks that had eye spots, chuck eye spots evolved separately over different times among different species.

(26m 35s):
They're that important for mating. That's right. And thanks to our listener mail in the Ruby Ridge episode, it's called Convergent Evolution and not co-evolution. Very nice. I say we take a break then since we're done talking about I spots, right? Yeah. We'll finish up with act three right after this. Oh wait, wait. There was one more thing about I spots. Wait, stop the Presses Jerry. Roll tape. Researchers have figured out for sure the eye spots play a big role because some poor schmo of a peacock had his eye spots covered up and they said go out to ladies night and see what happens. Right. And he got nothing from nobody ever while his eye spots were covered up.

(27m 18s):
Yeah. The copulation, the quote is their calculation success declined to almost zero Almost. They were just being nice. They were. Alright. Now are we breaking? Yes. I don't have any other breaking news. All right, everybody take five and we're back. Stuff You Should Know, Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy.

(27m 58s):
It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member FDIC.

(28m 14s):
Hey everybody, we wanna talk to you about our old friends at Squarespace, which is probably the best way you can make your own website, especially if you're running a business because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Yeah. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus your customers are gonna have more ways to pay with all sorts of different payment methods from Klarna to a CH direct deposit to Apple Pay, clear pay in the uk, the list just goes on. That's Right. Squarespace also makes it really easy to sell access to content on the website that you build. Like online courses, blogs, videos, and memberships. Yeah. You can earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind the paywall. You just simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access and you walk away whistling and happiness. That's right. So just go to squarespace.com/stuff and when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain. Squarespace.

(29m 17s):
Hey friends, are you looking for relief from cold and flu symptoms this winter? Well, with good RX you can save an average of $34 on prescription cold and flu meds and feel better for less. Yeah, Good. RX is free and easy to use. You just search for any prescription on the GoodRx website or app, get your coupon and show it to the pharmacist. Just Check GoodRx to save up to 80% of pharmacies near you, including Walmart, Walgreens, CVS, Publix, Albertsons, Kroger, and many more. Yeah. And the best part, GoodRx works whether you have insurance or not. Even If you have insurance, GoodRx could beat your copay price. That's right. So for savings on cold and flu medications or any other prescriptions, check GoodRx, just go to good rx.com/stuff. That's goodrx.com/stuff.

(30m 16s):
Alright, we are back to finish up with peacocks and we're gonna talk a little bit about something we did an entire episode on. And that is iridescent. This was a, this was many years ago that we did an EP on iridescence. And there's, If you wanna really deep dive on the science of it, you can go Listen to that ep. But what we're looking at in the case of peacock feathers and why they look iridescent are just so shiny and, and majestic looking is because of the, the, the shape. It's a physical shape of something and not necessarily a color of something. Right? Yeah. The, the pigments that are in the peacocks tail feathers are melanin and melanin typically looks brown to us.

(31m 3s):
It's what gives human skin kinda brown cast to it that is melanin pigment. And it's no different in a peacocks feathers, but the structure is totally different. Like you said, there's a crystalline structure of overlaying barbs that If you look in on an electron microscope you can see quite clearly and those barbs, those crystal barbs of melanin, there's like little gaps between 'em. And in fact it creates what's called a partial band gap, which means that electromagnetic waves do not penetrate some area depending on where that light is hitting. To put simply chuck, depending on wh which angle, which direction light hits these melanin rods, the crystalline melanin rods, it's gonna reflect or absorb all different kinds of light.

(31m 55s):
And so the same structure can reflect or absorb different kinds of light depending on where the light hits it. Which means if you're looking at it one way and you move slightly to left, you're looking at a different part of that structure and it's reflecting different colored light. And that's how iridescence comes along. That's right. Partial band gap. Not to be confused with the partial gap band, which is the, the sad tour when two out of three of those guys went out on the road. It wasn't a very good tour, was it? It Wasn't a very good joke, but I couldn't help myself. Yeah, I mean that's iridescence in a nutshell. That's basically how it, it works in across nature. It's just about, you know, the structure of, of the the thing and like, you know, what did we talk about?

(32m 41s):
You talked about fish and butterfly wings mainly I think on that episode It's so neat And it, yeah, it's just the structure. If you take a bunch of crystals and pile 'em on top of each other and little weird repeating patterns, they're going to become iridescent. It's gorgeous. Apparently Isaac Newton figured it out all the way back in 1704. Yeah. Based on Pretty impressive. Yeah, based on peacock feathers. He said, check these out man. I know what's going on. You'll just have to find out. That's right. We do need to talk about their Yelp because it's a, you know, I mean you used to do a pretty good impression. You wanna try it Help.

(33m 23s):
Yeah. Hell, It always sounds like help. That's what it sounds like to me. It's uncanny and unnerving. Yeah, it is. And I, I always laughed at that years ago until like we got our own neighborhood peacocks and then I would hear it occasionally And I was like, yeah, Josh is right. Is is or is Josh in that backyard right now? Like is one of those two things is happening? Yeah, it's pretty shrill. It can get annoying If you live near one. I don't mind it so much 'cause I didn't live next door to one, but it's usually in the morning and evening during mating season it can pick up a bit. So I don't know if there were complaints or if these local peacocks just, you know, met their natural and you know, I don't know if they were taken out or if they were moved to a farm, You know what I'm saying?

(34m 8s):
Yeah, I know what you're saying. Or if they just had little peace strokes That's and died, they were elf struck. So they also, they honk too ho like I can't even do the honk and the ho honk like a goose. That's that hoot dash thing sounds kind of like a Ho Oh yeah, it does sound a little hoish. Yeah. So they can do that a lot too. And I, If you put it all together, yeah it can be very annoying. But I, I chuck, I cannot figure out what the difference is between Yu me's, grandma's neighborhood, my neighborhood. 'cause I have a completely different Yeah. Opinion of the annoyance, level of peacocks. Now I, I don't understand why, but there's the facts.

(34m 52s):
Well maybe you aged into it. I guess so. I'm older, wiser, gentler. Yeah. More, more peacock loving. Sure. I think we all get that way. Sure. Alright, so let's talk about the history of these things. Jumping back a little bit, a few thousand years ago, the ancient Venetians were the first folks to say, Hey, these things are great, let's move them around to different places because these things strutting around a palace is really something to see. So they brought them from India to Syria. They were traded around the Mediterranean at that point and they did become like a status symbol. If you were a nobility or royalty or had a lot of money or lived in a palace, then you probably wanna do some peacock strolling around your property.

(35m 37s):
Yeah. You might also want to eat them. Boo. I forgot to send you this thing that I found. The Romans ate 'em, but they specifically like their tongues. Peacock tongue was a delicacy in ancient Roman times. Okay. In the middle ages. Wait, Where were you gonna send me? This is what I'm about to tell you. Oh, okay. I thought you were gonna send me a peacock tongue in the, In the mail Flash Up. You're like, why is this flash ride Bleeding? So in the middle ages in Europe, they would actually eat peacock, like the whole thing. Yeah. Okay. But they figured out a way to remove the skin so that the feathers all came off too.

(36m 17s):
Then they would roast the bird and then they would redress it with its feathers to be served at the, to the Lord of the manor by the most beautiful girl in at the party, I guess. Yeah. And then it would just sit there for a little while. They would carve into it, eat it, and have a lot of trouble digesting it. 'cause apparently it's really tough. So much so that doctors of the time were like, don't eat peacock. It's really just not good for you. So they would just stick the feathers back in it in an ornamental way. The picture I saw, the painting I saw made it look like they did a pretty good job of Yeah, yeah. Making it look like it, it was alive again. Yeah. Interesting.

(36m 56s):
I I think even a lot of meat eaters appreciate the animal not looking like its original form when it's on the plate. Sure. Right. You don't really wanna recognize it. Yeah. Like it, you know, I love a brand Zeno, but I don't like that fish head looking up at me. Oh no, no. You don't like roll ply fish headss? No, I, I don't wanna see it, but I'll still, I'll still dine on a brand Zeno. I got a friend whose brother will take that eyeball out and eat it right at the table in front of everybody. What is wrong with that guy? Oh, I mean, supposedly that's the thing to do, you know, use all the animal, but I just, I don't want to eat an eyeball. No. Did I ever tell you about the time we went to h and f and like we, we, we just went too far?

(37m 40s):
No. So for everybody who doesn't know h and f is a, a restaurant in Atlanta and they're well known for like, using all parts of the animal. Yeah. And we went and we were like, If you go further down the menu, like it gets more and more hardcore and we just kind of tried it one time and we got as far as fried chicken heads or beaks Oh. Which had a lot of the head attached still and goodness. Like the whole table just kind of, it just took a dark turn and everybody stopped talking And it was a bad jam. So I don't recommend the fried chicken beaks at Holman and Finch anymore. That sounds too much like a McNain. You remember that?

(38m 20s):
No, I think I sent it to you years ago. It was supposedly in the thing of chicken nuggets, but it was a, a deep fried little chicken head that got through and they called it the McNain. That is what? H and f cells as a, as a dish. All right. This has been very instructive For sure. I know Our poor, our poor live show fan, Sarah is like I know. I'm sorry I asked for it. Yeah. I said butthole earlier too. This is going downhill. It Is. Alright, so back to history in peacocks, Lord Krishna, in the Hindu tradition wears peacock feathers is a headdress.

(39m 0s):
And there have been many other examples over the years in, in Greek mythology and Roman mythology about the peacock. I believe Hara even had peacocks pulling her chariot At 10 miles an hour. Yeah, exactly. She, she was protected by a giant named Argus who had a hundred eyes and he was killed by Hermes and so she brought him back as the peacock. That's, I thought that's a great story. That's right. Yeah. There's also the peacock throne, right? Yeah. The peacock throne is one of the most expensive things that's ever been made. If, if it drives it home. I think it was about twice the cost of the Taj MHA to build this one throne, which had oh, 2,500 pounds of gold, 500 pounds, not 500 precious stones, 500 pounds of precious stones, Including the Cory newer diamond, which is 105 karat diamond.

(39m 59s):
Pretty amazing stuff. They managed the Moogle empire in India, managed to hang onto the throne for about a hundred years until they were invaded by the Persians, I believe, who were like, we're taking this throne. This is essentially the reason we invaded was to get this throne. And they disassembled it and basically sold it off for parts. Right. Yeah. But If you go onto the internet and you search peacock throne, you will see photographs of a peacock throne that looks pretty amazing. And you will say, well, how could this have been destroyed back in the 17th or 18th century? Yeah. And the the reason why is because what you're looking at is the replica that King Ludvig II of Bavaria, our friend, the Fairytale King Oh yeah.

(40m 45s):
Had constructed for his Castle n Stein. Ah, look at that Nen Stein. Yeah. Which one? I don't know. I'm just amazed that you brought that around. Nice work. Thanks. Any, any chance that I have Stein Sounds great. Stein. Yeah. Any, any chance? I have to bring King Lvi II into the story. Yeah, I'm going to take it. He, well you had that shirt made. That helps Ask me about King Lvi ii Endangered yes or no. Indian blue foul are not endangered. In fact they're doing really, really well. And you mentioned, you know, in places in Florida and even southern California, they can get a little out of hand with their menace.

(41m 28s):
They can tear up foliage and they can poop all over the place and they can destroy habitats that other birds have. So people sometimes now even are trapping them and giving them vasectomies. Yeah. There's a town called Pine Crest, a suburb of Miami, which is giving peacocks vasectomies. So If you couldn't have guessed, pine Crest is a rather well healed suburb of Miami because a lot of towns can't afford to give peacocks vasectomy That green pea f they are under threat though they're listed as endangered because they are from Southeast Asia and a lot of their natural habitat has been done away with thanks to land development and agricultural mowing down of their environment.

(42m 12s):
And so also farmers who will poison them if they come into their fields. Yeah. There's only, I think 10,000 to 20,000 left of 'em in the wild. Hopefully someone steps up because losing any animal to extinction sucks. But losing particularly beautiful ones that their very presence makes the world a better place to live in. Those are, you don't want to lose those. That's right. And as for the Congo pfi, we don't want to forget about those fellas. They are vulnerable also habitat loss in hunting and they're about 10,000 of those in the wild Man alive. I know. Let's see, I'm trying to think if there's anything else.

(42m 54s):
I don't really think we have anything else. Do we? I got nothing else. Oh, a group of powl, you know. Oh yeah. What is it? Collective nouns? Isn't that what they're called? Yeah. Or that was another name for him. Something of something. Remember? I, yes, I remember what you're talking about. I don't remember what it was too. But yeah, in this case, peacock's a, A group of peacocks are called the Pride. That's an right ostentation or a party peacock party. I like that. I do too. I like all three of them. Well, since Chuck And I agreed that we like the collective nouns for peacocks, then obviously we have just unlocked listener mail.

(43m 37s):
I'm gonna call this Maine and Billboards. Hey guys, longtime super fan of spreading the Stuff. You Should Know Kool-Aid. Ooh. Far and wide flavor. Eight. I think they make any miles I drive to reach anywhere in Maine fly by. So thanks for that. When you ask someone in Maine how far away a destination is, be prepared to often hear about an hour. But that can mean 45 minutes to nearly two hours. Fun fact here though about Maine, during a recent episode on Kudzu, you were talking about how it takes over billboards. And I know you get a lot of listener mail from Maine. I thought you might like to know an exciting factoid. Have you ever been to Maine and Marvel? That is natural beauty. Well, part of that is due to something that's missing.

(44m 17s):
Billboards guys, Maine law does not allow billboards of any kind. They have a very prescriptive law regarding signs not on business property, AKA and main vernacular official business directional signs. The rules are very strict and include a special provision that rolling signs like ones attached to vehicles cannot even be used to get around these requirements. And I think it is $30 license fee to get a sign that can be 48 inches by 12 inches or 72 inches by 16 inches. And you can only use two fonts.

(44m 57s):
They must be white with a single color background. And this is literally just to say like my pressure washing business is down there, or whatever they say, the people of Maine consider billboards to be detrimental to the preservation of scenic resources. And that is a great law. And that's one reason we love Maine. And that is from, who is that from? That's from Katrina Peterson. Thanks Katrina. That is a very sensible, awesome law. I love that. It's one of the worst things to see when you're driving down the highways. A bunch of billboards. Yeah, it's terrible. Great. Thanks for letting us know that. Hopefully as Maine goes, the rest of the world follows. And If you wanna be like Katrina and get in touch with us and let us know of a very sensible local law, we love that kind of thing.

(45m 42s):
You can send us an email to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.

(46m 5s):
This is Tracy v Wilson from Stuff You Missed in History class. Do you like podcasts, music and audio books? 'cause when you subscribe to Amazon Music Unlimited, you get all three in one app. Imagine listening to your favorite podcast and music on the go to work, school, the gym, or better yet, vacation. Now Imagine being on vacation with your favorite audiobook from Audible, then listening to a new one every month from a huge selection of popular titles. That sounds like a pretty good vacation. Right? Audible is now included on Amazon Music Unlimited. Download the Amazon Music app now to start listening terms apply.

(46m 40s):
Take Your holiday hosting from last minute to just in time. Discover how convenient shopping IKEA can be with their variety of delivery and pickup services. Try, click and collect for an easier way to grab your holiday favorites. Let IKEA handle the heavy lifting with their affordable delivery options to simplify your shopping. Enjoy more ways to shop Ikea with click and collect and small order shipping. Discover hassle-free solutions this season and celebrate the holidays your way with ikea. Discover how convenient shopping IKEA can be. Shop now.

(47m 9s):
Hey friends, the holidays are a time for family, friends, and of course shipping gifts, but you don't need to stress about it. Turn to the United States Postal Service to handle all of your holiday shipping needs with an enhanced network. USPS serves over 167 million, addresses, six and seven days a week. And if you're looking for an affordable option, USPS ground advantage has you covered reliable shipping with upfront pricing and no hidden costs. So why not take your package on a true holiday ride this season? Just visit usps.com/holiday ride to start shipping.