
You're listening to an IHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple Pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. And it's just us, but that's okay because we can keep all the Chinese Food to ourself. We don't have to share with Jerry, and this is Stuff You Should Know. That's right. A lot of caveats on this. Can I list off a few? Sure. All right. First of all, this is going to be a, a very broad overview of a cuisine that we could probably do like a 10 part at least episode series on. I would say 11.


Yeah, maybe 11. So just, you know, have your expectations set going into this one. When you talk about Chinese Food, there's a lot there. We are gonna do our best to pronounce things correctly. I looked up a lot of stuff and I'm doing my best, but some of this stuff is hard for my, my dumb American mouth. And a lot of this is gonna be, I mean, it's mainly about sort of, you know, Chinese Food, although we're gonna talk about origins and stuff like that, origin stories. It's mainly like what Chinese Food has become here in the States, although we'll talk a little bit about other countries later, but it's through our lens. Yeah, there you go. That was, that was great. Caveat City right there.


Caveat City. David Bowie great song. So you said something that we were gonna largely focus on American Chinese cuisine and Laura helped us with this and she makes a really good point that Chinese Food is not just one thing. Yeah. And the reason why it's not just one thing or one of the reasons why is because it's been exported all over the globe. Anywhere that Chinese people traveled, usually for work to immigrate. They brought their food with them and introduced it to wherever they were. Yeah. And then over time the local flavors and tastes and ingredients from that place melded with the Chinese Food and a new type of Chinese Food was born. And America is no exception to that.


So we have American Chinese Food. Yeah. And do you know what I love about that? This whole story is like everywhere Chinese people went, they were like, get a load of this. Yeah. And everyone was like, oh my God, that's amazing. Yeah. And it took, Yeah, big time. I mean, I'd have, I have no examples of places where Chinese immigrants had brought their food and people were like, nah, no thanks. Right. The only one I could find was Belize. Oh, I know. You're kidding. I'm not gonna fall for it. And the reason why is because, I mean, I, I, I can live on many, many, many cuisines from Asia. I love Japanese food, I love Thai, I love Vietnamese. I love the Filipino.


Yeah. I like Korean food. I love it all. But I, at the end of the day, good old fashioned, like Chinese takeout is just one of my favorite all time things since I was a kid. Very nice. Yeah. That's what I grew up on too. It wasn't until I was an adult that I was like, there's other kinds of Asian food out there. Yeah. Because that's kind of what you, and If you grew up in the seventies and eighties, that was sort of the first, you know, probably one of the first, you know, cuisines from another country you ever ate. Yeah, for sure. You know, maybe me only Mexican food wasn't that big back then. That's only become more popular I think in the eighties and nineties even, Even still as a kid, the Mexican food I was exposed to was cheat Chis for God's sake, Or Del Taco.


We didn't even have that. That was odd. But I think maybe even before Chinese Food, I was exposed to Japanese hibachi because there was this nice restaurant in Toledo called in Japanese. Yeah. And we would go to that. And I think I might've had that before Chinese Food. But regardless, I love Chinese Food too. I, I would say my top two are Japanese, followed by Indian. But Chinese is definitely up there in top five or so. Yeah. I mean, I'm a simple guy like pork fried rice and an egg roll. And I'm just now realizing we're not even gonna talk about egg rolls in this. And I'm panicking all of a sudden. Yeah. That didn't strike me until you just said that too. And although my voice doesn't betray that, I am definitely scared right now as well.


Alright. You know, hey, let's do, let's do a shorty on egg rolls. Maybe we'll pair it with this. Good idea. Alright, perfect. So we said that Chinese Food is not just one thing because it's been exported globally, but even in China, Chinese Food is not just one thing and they divide Chinese cuisine into eight different regions. Why don't you tell 'em what the regions are? Chuck, I'm just realizing I didn't look up a couple of these. So maybe you did, but the regions as agreed upon right now are, and they have different names for each one. So the first grouping is Siwan Wan, or I didn't look up C-H-U-A-N.


I mean, you're braver than me. I was just gonna say the first ones that are, they're mostly known by in the us. Oh, we can do that then. That's much easier. So let's go with Swan, Cantonese, Hunan, which is also Zong. Let me see here. We have Shang Dong. We have jsu. Nice. We have, oh, I, oh, I did look that one up. Jiang. Very nice. Fujian. I've always heard it was Fujian, but that sounds kind of like an American version. Well, I heard it pronounced as if it had a Y in there, almost like few. Okay. Fu Fujian. Okay. And then what's the last one there?


Enue? Yes. And some people added at least a ninth one with Sean G. And they're all a little different. They're, they bear a lot of similarities. A lot of 'em love sweet and sour. A lot of them are heavy on the salt or umami, some like sauces. But one of the big differences, or some of the big differences is like where this, this area is located, some of them are coastal, so they incorporate a lot of seafood. Yeah. Some of them are colder, so there's like a lot of soups and heavy noodles and like really, really heavy flavors. And then others are like, Hey, we love prancing around the wilderness and catching deer. So they incorporate like local wildlife Yeah.


Into it. And usually what I've seen is when they, when there's a lot of wildlife involved or game involved in the, the recipes, they tend to let that flavor stand on its own. It's not like heavy with sauces that kind of cuisine isn't. Yeah. And they, how they achieve spice is kind of different depending on where you are too. Sometimes it's those numbing Chinese peppercorns. I can't, you can't do those. No. Yeah. I, I've learned to eat a lot of spicy food over the last like five or six years and increase my spice level. Yeah. But there's something about the numbing peppercorn that it's, I have a hard time with it. Yeah. I think that's natural. It's tough, but I can, you know, it depends on the cuisine.


Other sort, like the chilies that they use. I can, I can handle that pretty well. It's hot, but I, I like it. And sometimes it's just the chili flakes. Yeah. The, the little red chilies that they'll sometimes serve whole with the dish. Yes. I can handle those too, for sure. Many peppers. Yeah. That's tough. Yeah. And what I mean by handling those little red chili peppers is that I eat around them. Same here. So the, the cuisine that most people in the United States are familiar with is Cantonese. That's definitely like the, the first kind of Chinese Food that Americans adopted. And that has a lot to do with the first wave of migrants that came over to the United States.


A lot of them were from Canton. And as a matter of fact, the first Chinese restaurant to open in all of North America, I'm including Canada and Mexico here, it was called Canton. And it was in San Francisco. That's right. I mean, if you've ever had dim sum, that's Cantonese. If you've never had dim sum, I highly recommend it. It's, I, I hate to say like, 'cause it used to annoy me when a certain person I knew used to say like, tortillas are like American bread. And I was like, no, they're just tortillas. Who said that? I'm not gonna tell you. Oh, I'll tell you offline. But I was gonna say like, If you've ever had tapas, dim sum is kind of like the Chinese version of tapas, but it really is just dim sum.


But it's like shared small plates, A lot of steam stuff, but also fried stuff, baked stuff. A lot of, a lot of dumplings. Right. A lot of dumplings. You know, just go to New York, go to Hop Key, get some dim sum and thank me later. Okay. It's amazing. I will Thank you. Later. I've never really had dim sum, actually. Now I think about it. Ooh, Boy. I mean, I like all kinds of food in Chinatown and New York, but di Sum is definitely one of them. But I'll also go to just the, you know, 'cause if you're staying in a hotel, you can't get these huge orders and just take, take tons and tons of food with you. Right. So my move now is generally just to pop down there by myself and get a couple of gigantic egg rolls.


You and the egg rolls. Huh? Wait, wait, we can't talk about that. We have to save it for short stuff. We don't talk about that. Forget I even said that. But you did mention San Francisco in 1849 was the first operating restaurant in North America. And by 1851 when the population of San Francisco was, but 34,000 in change, there were seven full-time Chinese restaurants open. Which, you know, for that few people is, is pretty good for that time period. Yeah. It's not bad. Like people liked it clearly. Yeah. And there's a, a book that is gonna come up, or we're gonna draw from a lot in this episodes called From Canton Restaurant to Panda Express, a history of Chinese Food in the United States by Hying.


Leo and Leo makes this, this point that a lot of ch like we tend to equate Chinese migrants in the 19th century, especially to California with like railroad workers, maybe miners. We have like a certain idea of what the Chinese migrants were at the time. And that is a, I mean, it's pretty stereotypical, it's also pretty narrow. There were a lot of Chinese migrants who made their way over just to feed the people in the gold brush of 1849 in California. They were like, people are gonna need food and we're gonna knock their socks off with Chinese Food. And so they started to, to go and open Chinese restaurants. And apparently you could pick out a Chinese restaurant pretty easily because they hung yellow flags outside.


Yeah. And this is also sort of the kind of right away, when, when racist feelings toward Chinese immigrants started racist feelings toward their food even started arising right outta the gate in Leo's book. There were some, a couple of examples that she cited. One was a criminal lawyer defending a white client following a race riot in 1865 and told the judge why, sir, and I'm not gonna say the racist Chinese name, but they live on rice and sir, they eat it with sticks. And then there was a, a pamphlet from American Federation of Labor President Samuel Gomer in 1902 titled Some Reasons for Chinese Exclusion, colon Meat versus Rice American Manhood versus Asiatic COism.


And apparently Cooley is a pejorative term for a low wage worker. Right. So it's all happening early on. Yeah, for sure. And it's interesting because, and we will talk about immigration and racism, but those two things definitely shaped Chinese Food in America in, in some surprising ways, as a matter of fact. Yeah, For sure. So it turns out that the oldest continuously operating Chinese restaurant in the United States is peaking without a G noodle parlor. And where else? Butte, Montana. Right. And it started out as a general store back in 1909, but within two years they added a noodle parlor, the very same noodle noodle parlor that's still opened today.


And I guess at some point they ran an illegal gambling parlor out of the basement. But that has since been turned into an Old Navy. Is that true? No, because that I could believe actually Yeah, me too. If you, If you, you know, I looked at that place to see what it looked like and it looks like a, you know, a Chinese restaurant in a, in a building of an old west town. Man, ill bet It's so good. What you might think. And there's a big neon sign that says Cho suey. And I realized that cho suey is not a dish I've ever had, but Cho suey is sort of the, the beginning of, of Chinese Food in America. That's the dish that first sort of captured young America's attention.


And there's some debates on whether or not it, it's even American in origin. And we're gonna talk about chop suey right now. Yeah. I don't know if I've ever had it either, but I think anytime you've ever made like a vague Chinese stir fry, stir fry with chicken and vegetables and maybe like a, some sort of thickish sauce, you basically made chopped suey. Some people say that you can make it with egg, but those people are wrong for the most part. It's a mixture of meat, vegetables, the thick sauce usually with rice and the name itself, not only where it originated, but the name itself is, is debatable what it means. I remember, I think I might've learned this from Uncle John's bathroom reader, that it meant leftovers in Chinese so that people from China coming to America would see chop suey house and they would think it, it would say like leftovers house to them.


That's not exactly true, but it's not that far off. No, that's pretty close actually, because some people say the name came from a Cantonese, TSAP, SAAP. Sui, SUI, instead of SUEY that seems to be an Americanized spelling, which is mixed bits or odds and ends AKA probably leftovers. Yeah. Lay the author of the book said that it probably comes from Chow chop sui or Chow chop Sui, which some people call it probably comes from the Cantonese Pro pronouncing a mandarin chow. Zui chow meaning stir fry and zui meaning animal intestines.


I tend to go with the zui. Yeah. That, I mean, that's just my take and it's almost meaningless. But that's, I'm gonna go with, since it's up for debate. I'm with you. I'll be in your camp. Okay, thanks. At Least we can hang out and play cards. What do you wanna play? I don't know, A lot of card games. I like gin rummy. I was gonna say gin rummy too. I do love spades, but we need Emily and Yumi to come along. Okay. That's fair enough. They probably will anyway, if we end up in a camp together, that's Sure. Because that means the zombie apocalypses happened. Yeah. Or else the Russians have invaded all Red Dawn. And you and I are are alone in a men's camp.


Yeah. Which is really just a fenced off drive in. Yeah. Soon, soon to die. Yeah. Anyway, that's a weird sidetrack. A quote that, and we're gonna explain the origins of this quote, but you may have heard that chop suey is an American, is as American as pork and beans. And that actually comes from a lawsuit from the early 19 hundreds. In 1904, a guy named Lem Sin said, you know what? I invented Cho suey. I made it for a Chinese diplomat who visited in 1886, and everybody making this dish owe me money. Yeah. It's kind of a, a bold lawsuit. Lawsuit. I love it. Sure. I don't even know who he sued. I couldn't find it.


Everybody. I guess So Lem sin versus all chopped suey chefs. Yeah, Exactly. So he ended up dropping the soup, but the suit left a, a huge mark on America. I mean, like it was reported on it. It, it made the news for sure. And people knew about it. And one reason why it became such a big deal is because at the time, as we saw there was the Chinese Exclusion Act. So Lemn brought his lawsuit in 1904. The Chinese Exclusion Act was passed in 1882. It was the first time the United States had ever passed an immigration loss, specifically targeted at one nationality.


And it also basically laid the foundation for exclusionary immigration laws and much tighter immigration laws than we'd had before that we still have today. But this was super tight. I read when they loosened it up, the quota for Chinese immigrants was 104 Chinese immigrants per year. Yeah. Really? Wow. Yeah. And everybody was racist and against Chinese at the time. Right. Yeah. So, but people also loved chopped suey by then. I mean, loved chopped suey. So Lem Sand's lawsuit said, Hey, you can keep loving cho suey. I invented this in America. It's really an American dish so you can continue being racist against Chinese immigrants while still loving cho suey.


You're welcome. America. And America said, thank you, get out. Yeah. And he's the one who had the quote, it's a, as an American as pork and beans. Yeah. And the lawsuit, I think he said it too. I couldn't find that quote. I couldn't find the lawsuit. But e even if it's not specifically in the lawsuit, it definitely seems to have developed out of that. Yeah. But it's possible that it was Chinese and origin initially because apparently there were some dishes from the Pearl River Delta that are pretty similar. And some of the earliest Chinese migrants to the US were from that area. I can't parse out what's so different from Cho suey than any stir fry. I I, I don't know either.


There's a lot of overlap between Chinese dishes in including authentic cuisine. Yeah. But especially American Chinese, I think, I think it was, it was one of the first, it was almost like an umbrella term for all Chinese dishes in America at the turn of the last century. Kind of like smurf, but with Chinese Food essentially. And I think because it was the first, a lot of dishes that we recognize as like American Chinese developed out of it. Okay. That makes sense. I do know that when I was a kid going camping, growing up in Georgia, I loved nothing more than taking a can of La Choi. Really?


You know, it's like veggies and, and sauce basically Just sipping on it the whole weekend. Lot of water Adjustments. Yeah. Put it in my canteen and, you know, making some, some campfire rice and dumping that stuff on top, you know, heating it up and dumping it on top. I thought it was like the peak of, you know, fine cuisine in the woods. Yeah, no, I mean, that's definitely better than, you know, a human finger that you found. Yeah. But they were, LaTroy was around since the 1930s doing that, you know, canned vegetable sauce. I was gonna say trick, but you know, it's, it's a thing. Yeah. But I mean, that's a great explanation of just how crazy people were in America for chopped suey that La Choi could package and sell for decades, this stuff.


And people were nuts for it. I, another sign apparently was that by the turn of the last century, chop suey houses were so popular they'd started to migrate out of Chinatown. Yeah. Which was a huge deal in, I I should say in Manhattan specifically, that was a big deal because I'm, I think there were a lot of people who were like, I'd love Cho Sui, but I don't want to go to Chinatown. And these Chinese entrepreneurs said, Hey, you don't need to anymore. Here we are at, I don't know, soho. Right. Another like, pretty startling factoid is that it was in, well this, this part is in, it was in the 1942 edition of the US Army Cookbook.


But as a result, when US troops were stationed overseas in China and Japan and World War II restaurants would put chopped suey on the menu to cater to those American soldiers. Because they came in, we're like, where's the chopped suey? Yeah, We went a hot dog, a hamburger and chopped suey. Exactly. You wanna take a break? We're at like 20 minutes basically. Yeah. I'm gonna go ahead and put in my order for pork fried rice and egg Roll. I'm definitely getting Chinese Food for dinner. Yeah.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/sy sk, that's linkedin.com/ssk. And you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job training not inspiring your goal, always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly, execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry me slash stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry me slash stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now, or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with an bay. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly, stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide, backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees. Every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


All right, Chuck. So we're back. And we talked about how immigration laws and racism against Chinese migrants helped shape Chinese Food in America. And one of the first ways that it did was that that 1882 Chinese Exclusion Act actually led to a plethora of much more upscale Chinese restaurants. And the reason why is because part of that exclusion act is that certain kinds of businesses could achieve merch merchant status or the owners of cer certain kind of businesses. They had to be legitimate businesses that were considered kind of higher end.


And that If you had merchant status, you could sponsor relatives to come to the United States. And I guess in 1915, a court case got Chinese restaurants added to that merchant status clause. Yeah. And this came from a historian named Heather Lee, and she makes a case, it's like, you know, this, this addition to that list basically meant you were gonna get a lot of like higher grade chopped suey palaces. So the restaurants kind of got nicer and you had to, in order to qualify, you also, If you were an investor and owner, you had to spend a year managing the restaurant as the manager and not like, you know, working in the kitchen or something like that.


And you've needed, of course, this had to be thrown in there, you needed two white witnesses to vouch for them. But because of these strict rules, you got, again, these, these nicer Chinese restaurants opening up that were qualifying for that merchant status. And then you would get investors getting together and saying, Hey, let's start this restaurant. We'll take turns running it for a year and get our family members over here. And as a result, I mean this is not the only reason, but this definitely helped. Chinese restaurants in the US doubled between 1910 and 1920. And again between 1920 and 1930, and by 1930 they had overtaken laundries as the largest employers of Chinese workers in the United States.


Yeah. So, so the first like third of the 20th century, there was a boom in Chinese restaurants and in in specifically higher end Chinese restaurants. And then another boom happened after the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965, which greatly loosened restrictions on immigration, particularly from China. And within a decade of that act, the Chinese American population basically doubled, which sounds eye popping. But don't forget there was only like 104 people coming in a year. Right. So it went from like, I don't know, 3000 to 6,000 in a decade. It was more than that.


Yeah. It definitely was. But the point is, is that now you had way more patrons of authentic Chinese restaurants, which meant there were more authentic Chinese restaurants, and then you also had more people who were ready to open and staff more Chinese restaurants. Yeah. So you had a huge boom in Chinese restaurants again in the sixties to the, to the seventies. Yeah, for sure. And there was a a, an article in 2014 in the New Yorker by Lauren Hilger's, and this was 11 years ago, but I imagine it's not, you know, completely different now. But how the labor arrangements worked then, and probably these days is if there's a Chinese restaurant in the US there's more than 40,000 back then.


And, and there's probably a few more now, but that's, a lot of restaurants generally run by families, but staffed by new immigrants. A lot of them are undocumented, a lot of them apparently are coming from the Fujian province and they're providing the labor. So what'll happen is they'll, they'll have a restaurant, a new immigrant will come to town, probably a, a hub city. I think they concentrated on New York, San Francisco and Chicago for the article. But any major, you know, city on in the US probably, and they'll go to a, a Chinese language employment agency and they'll say, all right, I got a job for you. They'll say this in Chinese though, go get on this bus. Here's the person's name, here's their phone number, go to this restaurant and you can probably get a job there.


And that's how they staff the restaurants. Yeah. And Chuck, you mentioned the, at least in 2014, 40,000 Chinese restaurants in the United States. Yeah. Which is impressive in and of itself. But If you compare it to McDonald's, which is, you know, the benchmark comparison for us. Yeah. There are 13,622 McDonald's in the United States. Wow. Versus 40,000 Chinese restaurants. There's probably, well there's not, 'cause we know that number too. I was gonna say there's probably 14,000 panda expresses, but we're, we'll get to that later. Yeah. It's close. The, the long and short of it is, is was with how the staffing arrangement works is these cooks are moving around a lot.


They'll sometimes work at a place for just a few months and go to a different restaurant, maybe for better pay. Oftentimes outside of of city centers, you can get paid more. Which sort of surprised me. I guess it makes sense though. But if you're getting Chinese Food for years and years from the same place, a lot of times there will be a different cook every few months. And hopefully you won't even notice. Right. Yeah. A lot of the, the reason you won't notice is because the, the immigrants from Fujian, I, I could not find out why the largest waves of migration lately have been coming from Fujian. But they are, but they are coming and buying Cantonese, formerly Cantonese owned restaurants from the Cantonese owners who founded them.


And they're just keeping the menu the same because again, this is American Chinese, neither one's making the cuisine necessarily that you would find in their provinces in China they're making the American version. So If you have a set menu, you're probably, any chef's gonna be able to cook this stuff I think. Yeah. Now we're gonna talk a little bit about general. So another classic Chinese dish that I've never had. Oh really? No, I've never had it. I mean maybe I've had it if someone else somewhere and they ordered just a ton of food now is kind of just dumping all of it on the plate, which is the best way to eat Chinese Food. Yeah. But that's something I've never ordered myself. I kind of just stick to my main order and general sauce chicken is not it.


It's good. It's a Swedish sour. No, it's not even sour. It's like sweet and savory. It's kind sauce Spicy too, isn't it? A little bit, but nothing anybody couldn't handle. I think there's usually sesame seeds on it too. It's good stuff. Yeah. Not like kung pow is the real spicy one. Right. Yeah. And we all know who likes his kung pow spicy. There's a funny Judge John Hodgman episode about that too. There's a a, a funny dad, or at least he thought it was funny and his kids were trying to get him to stop making the same joke over and over. Wherever this guy goes, it could be like a toll booth worker who will ask like what kind of ticket he wants and he'll say, I'll have the kung pal chicken.


And he'll just say that to answer any question asked by anyone ever Really. And the kids are really annoyed. I think it's hysterical. Yeah, it is pretty funny for sure. Yeah. Unless you're in a rush. 'cause then you have to ask the the question twice. Yeah. And I could also see how children of, of that dad might get really sick of that joke. Totally. I mean dads can be pretty embarrassing Except For this one. Yeah. Well not you of course. Alright, so what are the origins of General SO'S chicken? Actually, Chuck, there was a guy named Pen Chang Hui, KUEI. He was from Huan and he was living in Taiwan at the time as part of the nationalist government.


He was a chef for the nationalist government who was being visited in Taiwan by the chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff. So we created a special dish that was in no way resembles what we think of General SO'S chicken today. It was a very heavy dish, sour, hot, salty. It was just not American, it wasn't fried. But this dish was named after an actual real ese general from the Ching Dynasty. His name was Z Zang or so Ang. Ah. And you get general. So from that, I think he was an administer of Taiwan for a little while.


It made sense to p and eventually it got exported to the United States I think in the seventies. And it just got totally transformed. Yeah. Apparently if you're in the Boston area, it's gonna be called General Gao, either GAU or GAO. Did not know that It, I didn't know that either, but that, that doesn't sound totally foreign to me. Like I Well it sounds a little foreign, you know what I mean? Like I feel like I've heard that before somewhere. I, yeah. I feel like I have too. So it may exist outside of Boston or maybe it's, you know, just more New England regional. But Chinese Food is very popular as a delivery thing. I can't remember the last time I actually, I actually, I can rarely, rarely do I eat in a Chinese restaurant, but I ate in Las Vegas there's a very popular, very upscale Chinese restaurant in one of the casinos.


The kind of place where like a week ahead of time you tell him you want the duck, that kind of deal. And our friend of the show and friend of ours, Adam Pica made that with Ben Harrison and our, our booking agent and friend Josh Linn and all the, our wives, we all went and had this beautiful big, big meal. But almost always I'm ordering takeout or delivery Chinese Food and GrubHub. And this was 10 years ago, but they said that General South's chicken was the most popular dish that they deliver fourth most popular overall. And just last year they reported Chinese takeout is the, or delivery I guess is the third most popular food overall I guess behind pizza. And I can't think of what else I would figure Chinese would be second, but I don't know.


Pizza and takeout lasagna maybe. Yeah. People love that. Yeah. And I think this guy from GrubHub named Garfield was reporting on that. Nice. That was a great joke. Thank you. So back in 2023, GrubHub did say that there are two cities where a Chinese dish made the top 10 crab Rangoon. And hold your emails. 'cause we know crab rangoon is actually not a Chinese dish at all, but it is found in just about every American Chinese Food place. It was, it was invented by an American, the restaurateur Victor Bergeron. Whereas Polynesian themed chain trader Vix love traders named after a city in Burma, also known as Myanmar.


And it has cream cheese, which is as American as Cho suey. Yeah. And I know I'm retelling this, but I'll have to just quickly say one of the funniest things from when I was a kid was when I was like 12 years old in a restaurant and there was a gentleman ordering takeout from the counter. And after like six dishes in a row, he asked if it had cheese on it. And the very kind restaurant owner kept saying, no, no, no. And at the very end he said in his very sweet broken English that no Chinese Food has cheese on it. Yeah. And I think the last time I told that story, you and I thought about like a slice of American cheese just on some stir fry.


And then we were like, I think we might want to try that. Yeah, that sounds like something we would try for sure. Yeah. Very funny childhood memory. What else? Oh hey, there's another reason that some Chinese Food became Americanized. Let's hear it. Ingredients. That's right. You know, a lot of them were changed to fit our tastes, including the ingredient sometimes. And one example that Laura found of course is beef with broccoli. That is not, you know, they don't, they don't have that kind of, you know, as far as I know, they don't have that kind of broccoli in China. What they use is Chinese broccoli or galon, which If you look that up, it looks, it's more like bok choy than what we think of as broccoli.


Yeah. And I was like, where's broccoli from? Turns out the Mediterranean. Okay. It was a, according to legend, brought to America by Thomas Jefferson, who grew it experimentally in his garden. So he like To fart. Yep. He said, this is gonna make me blow. And then it was, it took off in popularity in the US in the 1920s. Didn't see why, but it did believe me. Well we gotta talk a little bit about fortune cookies because that is not Chinese either. That is originally adopted from something called the Japanese cracker, which is a savory thing. But in the early 20th century, Chinese restaurants were owned a a lot of times by Japanese people.


Japanese bakeries were making these cookies. And then after Japanese internment, a lot of Chinese Americans took over these cookie factories. And that got me down the road of like, well who's writing the fortunes? There's a guy named Donald Lau who's a CFO of Wonton food Company, the largest fortune cookie maker in the world. And he was the sole writer or has been for 30 years of writing these fortune cookies. I don't remember specifically talking about him or his name, but there's no way we didn't talk about him in our fortune cookie. Short stuff from 2022. I I If we missed him, I can't believe we would miss that guy. There's no Way. But as a recap, he wrote him for 30 years.


He used to write two to three per day. Now it's two or three per month. 'cause they have just thousands of him. And he got that job by default 'cause he spoke the best English at the company. And his quote is, I'm the most read author in the United States. I, I believe it for sure. It's Pretty great. And then we gotta talk about a couple of regional specialties. St. Louis, I remember when we went there, we, when we get back to touring again, I really want to go to St. Louis. Everyone there was crazy nice. Yep. They had really cool like regional foods that you couldn't find anywhere else. Like good stuff. Oh yeah. It's just a good town. I want to go back, but I also want to try the St.


Paul sandwich. There is egg F young, but a sandwich. Yeah. So you've got an omelet with vegetables, a meat or seafood topped with brown gravy on a sandwich. So you've got mayo pickle, lettuce, all that stuff. It sounds just totally off the chain and I really want to try it. There's another one, and I don't know If you looked up a picture of this thing. No, I didn't. But If you go to Fall River, Massachusetts, do you have your phone with you or a computer for a means of looking up a photo? Yeah, sure. Let me do that While I'm doing this. You should check this out. It's called a chow main sandwich. It's it hail from Fall River, Massachusetts, but it's in surrounding towns there.


And who knows, maybe elsewhere in New England. But it is exactly what it sounds like. It's chow main on a sandwich on like a hamburger bun. But If you look this thing up, it's not a sandwich. It is. You can't see the bottom bun. It is just Chow Maine all over a plate. I guess there's a bun underneath and there's just a hamburger bun sitting on top. Like it is a full plate of Chow Maine with just a bun in there somewhere. It's not the kind of thing you would ever pick up and eat as a sandwich. It looks like cousin knit wearing his hat. It does. Especially little derby hamburger bun hat. Yeah. Yeah. It's ostentatious to say the least. For sure. Yeah. Should we take another break?


Yeah, let's, Alright, we'll take another break and we'll finish up with an ode to Panda Express and PF Chang's right after this.


There's nothing like sinking into luxury. An Bay Sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. An Bay has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers, and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids, pets, or anyone who loves an easy to clean, spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699, and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long. And Get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos, hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home


for adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity. Refreshing sleep may be hard to come by and who likes to lag and drag through the day? OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking, or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on ossa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Alright, so we're gonna start off talking a little bit about how PF Chang's came about. A restaurant that I think I might have been to once, I definitely picked it up a lot as a PA in the film business to, for like big production meetings. So I can't speak to it's quality. It's supposed to be pretty good, right? PF Chang's. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's good. I mean, especially for compared to high end chain, typical, I would not call it a high-end chain no more than you'd call Cheesecake Factory a high-end chain. Well, It's v it's virtually on the same level of dining. Okay. I'm not taking a shot at it. I'm just saying like, it's not, it's not like the place that you went to in Vegas or Right, right, Right, right.


Yeah, yeah. Or peaking Duck in fall, I think Fall Falls Church Virginia, which is an amazing spot. It's just like, you can go to a mall and it, it, there might be one attached to it if it's a nice mall regardless, it is tasty. Especially compared to like Chinese takeout. It's definitely several steps up from that. Okay. I gotcha. It's just really hard to, like what Highend restaurant has 300 locations. No, like when you have That's a good point. 300 locations. You're starting to work in economies of scale. It's really tough to keep like any kind of cuisine, just top notch in that sense. Yeah, for sure.


And I want to quickly plug, since you mentioned Cheesecake Factory are again, friends of the show and friends in real life. Adam Pran and Ben Harrison of the Greatest Generation Podcast have a side podcast called Factory Seconds, where they're working their way through the, the menu of the Cheesecake Factory one item at a time. Those Two could not be any greater American treasures. Yeah, It's pretty great. I love those guys. Adam's uncle actually is the voice of the Memphis Grizzlies as the announcer basketball team. And apparently Cheesecake Factory is huge with NBA players. And I was like, why? And his uncle, he was like, they, because there's one in every city. It's the same menu. It's a huge menu. The portions are huge and they, and the quality is always the same Economies of scale.


Well, I was wrong. Apparently they make all their stuff fresh. It's not like bagged food. Oh yeah, I If you believe that. Actually, no, I don't. It's, it's true. Huh? That is a little surprising. But I mean, it's not like I'm hating on Cheesecake Factory, it's just, I've Never been Oh, it's, it's, they have a really varied menu that's Yeah. Yeah. The portions are gigantic and their cheesecakes are pretty great. All right. Well I'm gonna be a guest on that show at some point. So next Timem in LA we're gonna go to one and then I'm gonna be a guest and Okay. I can't wait. Good. Anyway, long way around describing PF Chang's, there was a woman named Cecilia Chiang with an I in there from San Francisco.


And she, and I believe before 1965, before that immigration law opened a high-end restaurant there called Mandarin. And she said, no chop suey in my menu and no egg, FY all this Chinatown stuff is a no-no. And she owned a restaurant, a Chinese restaurant in Tokyo years ago. And her husband got a diplomatic post there. So that's why she was, you know, doing Chinese Food there. And Mandarin opened in 1961 and that's where all of a sudden people were exposed to like kung pal chicken tea, smoked duck Moshi, pork pot stickers, like some of the really good stuff And authentic stuff. Yeah, exactly. She sold the, her son Philip, the restaurant Mandarin in 1989.


And he is one of the co-founders of PF Chang's. Yeah, Philip F. Chang. But he dropped the I. Exactly. So PF Chang's pretty large chain, 300 restaurants. It's definitely nothing to sneeze at, but If you really wanna talk Economy of scales, let's talk Panda Express. Yeah. They have 2000 more restaurants than PF Chang's does. 2300 in the United States, right? Yeah. Food Court City. But yeah. Have you had Panda Express? Yeah, I have. I I used to eat it when I was younger. I'm not gonna say it's like not any good, but you know, it's Chinese fast food and it's just not something I would eat now, I would in a, in a pinch.


It's not like I'd turn my nose up at it, but I I have been there before you Yeah. A couple of times. And yeah, it is fast food and it's, it's great for fast food. It's just such a, it's just different. It's not, you know, taco Bell or McDonald's or even like Chipotle or something. It's just Chinese version, the Chinese version of fast food. Yeah. I like It. Apparently it's a family run business though, even though it's this huge chain. And in the seventies they just had a, a few little sit-down restaurants and it, it kinda grew very naturally and organically as this family business, which I never knew, which is pretty cool. And if you're a fan of Orange Chicken, you can thank the, your friends at Panda Express.


'cause they debuted it in 1987 and now you can find it basically everywhere. But they were the ones who came up with it. Yeah. What, what's your order in a Chinese restaurant or for takeout? I'm trying some nan tonight. Okay. 'cause I don't normally eat that and I want to see what it's like. But typically a garlic chicken of some sort. I like savory brown sauces, umami brown sauces. Usually chicken, if I'm really feeling crazy, maybe like a happy family or something like that. Are you white rice or fried rice? White steamed rice. Mm. Boy, I gotta have that fried rice. Oh yeah. There's too many peas in fried rice and peas are one of my most hated things on the entire planet. Oh, I love peas.


I hate peas. Yeah. I gotta get that fried rice. I'll get a lot of sweet and sour chicken or sesame chicken. I gotta get the egg roll. I'll take a beef and broccoli if people have ordered it. But that's not my order. But I'll also try a lot of stuff. If I'm at a, a big group and someone's just ordering a bunch of Chinese Food, I'll, I'll eat almost all of it. Do you ask them first What, like what to order? No. Can I have some of your order? Oh Yeah, for sure. And then, you know, if you're in a place, not all cities have this stuff, but if you're in a place that has the really good authentic stuff and you get dim sum or some pork buns or soup dumplings, like all that stuff is great, but you can't find that everywhere. No, I really want some Chinese Food down.


It's gonna happen. That's the first thing I ordered after our week at the beach in South Carolina after eating, you know, coastal seafood, American seafood. I was like, I can eat some Chinese Food. So America's not the only place that took Chinese Food and said, here, meet this orange and squeezed it together. And then fried it. That's like I said at the outset, that's happened all over the world. And apparently I'm not on TikTok much as in ever same. But there was a thing on TikTok a couple years ago where American people picked up on uk, British Chinese Food and were like, what are you guys doing over there? Yeah. I didn't see any of that either, but apparently it was pretty funny.


Apparently the, the food in the uk, the Chinese Food is a lot different than here in America. It's very popular over there. Maybe even the one of the top two, maybe even the top food in the country. I saw that. It definitely was by a long shot. Oh really? Okay. So they love it over there. They will have things like french fries, what they call chips. Hmm. A lot of, a lot of curry sauces, which is different than us because there's a lot of great Indian food obviously in England and throughout the uk. And they also have something called a chicken ball. And that's just what they call it. It, I looked it up. I tried to find any difference. It looks like the exact same thing we get here in like a sweet and sour chicken.


It's just a fried little chunk of chicken. Yeah. Which everybody loves. Yeah. Even If you don't eat chicken, you'll eat that. I, I couldn't determine though from looking at first if it was ground like a meatball, but it's not. And they're not even usually round. They're just, you know, chicken shaped. Yeah. Like a Little chicken finger kind of Thing, man. So poor chicken meat has been like subjected to so many different indignities over the years. I know. More than any other meat. Yeah. So India also has a version of Chinese Food that's so popular that some Indian restaurants in the US I've not seen this, but they'll sometimes have dishes there called Manchu in something or other.


Yeah. And Means I Didn't know that either. I didn't either. I've never run across that. And then in some cities, if the city's big enough, they might have like full on Indian Chinese restaurants there where it's the Indian version of Chinese. Just like If you had an American version of the Chinese Food in India, there's probably some sort of cultural exchange. Like they open one here, we have to open one there. It's gotta be balanced. It's, it's contractual. The same for Latin America in the United States. Chinese Cuban restaurants started opening in New York City, of course in the 1970s. And then what they call, would it be Chino Latino? I'm going with Chino Latino.


I mean Chino Latino is what I want to say. 'cause it sounds so great. I just wasn't sure if that was right. But they started opening later on. They're in decline in New York now, but apparently just like, like everywhere over the course of centuries Chinese workers were brought over to Latin America for a lot of reasons, but usually servitude sadly. But again, they brought their food with them and their food existed alongside stuff like Cuban food and Peruvian food. And then they start to blend it together and all of a sudden you have these cool like sort of mix up dishes. Yeah, I wanna try all of these. I do too. And then apparently also South Africa has Afro Cantonese and that was that again developed out of a Chinese community that were brought there as indentured workers back all the way back in the 19th century.


Basically just like America. But, and also just like America, as more and more Chinese immigrants have come higher end, more Chinese authentic dishes have kind of become more favorited than just the Afro Cantonese version. Afro Cantonese. Just to my ear. Sounds delicious. Yeah, I I, yeah, again, I said it said it before and I'll say it again. I really want some Chinese Food right now. Yeah. It's gonna happen. And we're recording earlier, so it's like creeping onto lunchtime right now. Oh, are you Doing it for lunch? I'm gonna make myself wait until dinner and really tate myself. Oh no, no, no. I can't get it for lunch. I'll, well I'll probably do a skip lunch and order it for dinner.


There you go. But this has inspired me to, I've been wanting to do an episode on Cajun food, but it was very intimidating, like Cajun sort of Creole stuff. 'cause there's so many influences. I was just like, we're gonna screw it up. But this, this is made me more brave. We'll if we do Cajun food, we have to consult our good friend in friend of the show, Doug Shari. Oh yeah. Oh that's right Doug. Yeah, when he brought us a Boudin Balls it at our New Orleans show and we ate him on stage. Yeah. What a guy. He's great. Oh, he's wonderful. So yeah, plus his last name's Shari, so he knows what he's talking about with Cajun food. That's right.


Well, since we talked about our friend Doug Shari here on the episode, as was predicted back in 2008, by the way, Chuck, today's the 17th anniversary of Stuff You Should Know Today. Yeah. Happy anniversary baby. Wow. Happy anniversary. Love. Okay, well anyway, onto it. As was predicted back in 2008, since we said Doug Shari's name, we've unlocked listener mail Boy. That's about as fan fairy as we get, huh? Yeah, we don't, yeah, we don't, we don't do that kind of stuff, you know, I mean, we don't do media tours or anything and say Look at us, everybody look at us. You know, we do that every week anyway. Who Wants to do that?


This is a correction. Hey guys, heard your short stuff on Tulip mania and wanted to point out that Tulip mania is now largely believed to be a myth. I only found out about that a few years ago myself, when I heard an interview from the author Ann Goldar. She discovered the historical reality when she dug into the archives to research her book, tulip Mania Colon Money, honor and Knowledge in the Dutch Golden Age. The myth was largely promulgated great word by scottsman Charles Mackey in his book, extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds. Hmm. And he sent along articles from Smithsonian and history.com and even Wikipedia that said, although McKay's, I'm sorry, Mackey's book is a classic citation needed, his account is contested.


Citation needed. Many modern scholars believe that the mania was not as destructive as described. I'm a little behind on some of the shows, guys, perhaps others have have written in, but no one else has written in Richard. So you're the only one. So way to go. I've seen that on the internet's here, there since we released it. But I mean, honestly, Chuck Wheat used a lot of different sources for that. And yeah, I, I mean, yes, you can make a case that it was exaggerated, but the idea that it's a myth is, I did not run across that. But who knows? And if it was, hey, then I, it's a good story. I feel a lot of dismay that we released a, an episode where we were catfished by history, By the Tulip maniacs.


We'll have to get to the bottom of it. Who wrote that, Richard? Thanks a lot, Richard. We appreciate that. Thank you for setting us straight publicly. And If you wanna be like Richard and set us straight publicly, you can send us an email too. Send it off to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


For adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity, refreshing sleep may be hard to come by and who likes to lag and drag through the day? OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing, interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking, or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at Don't Sleep on ossa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know, so you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime. But when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed Profile. No Rabbit Holes. Required


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA Member fd.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.