(0s):
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.

(29s):
Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple Pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.

(1m 5s):
Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And this is Stuff You Should Know. The freeze edition. Yeah. You know what the edition this is? This is the law enforcement sometimes thinks they're so cute and clever edition. Right. Man, I can't wait to point out how many cutesy little names and acronyms pop up in this story and, and this and a lesson. If you're a criminal and you ever think something might be shady and it might be a sting operation, just look at any name that they've given you and like read it backwards or see if it spells an acronym that says like, we, we Nav You Buddy, or something like that.

(1m 58s):
Yeah. Like that's, that's how Cutesy they got is. And you'll see I'll just throw that out there and and we'll talk about 'em as they pop up. Yeah. And there's our Daily assistance and helping criminals evade capture by law enforcement. Yeah. Was that what I was doing? I certainly was. All right, moving On. So, so we're talking about one specific Operation, Operation Flagship, which was conducted by the US Marshal service back in I think 1985. And it's just kind of mind boggling. Where'd you hear about this? Did it, did somebody write in or did you already know about it being an NFL fan and a kid at one Point? Yeah, you know what?

(2m 38s):
I'm not sure now that I think of it. This may have been a listener request and I'm gonna look that up real quick 'cause I hate not shouting people out. Yeah, I'm with you When that happens. So Well, how about I keep talking while you look. Okay. So the US Marshal service, they're one of the first American law enforcement agencies. They were founded back in 1789. Dave helped us with this. It's Dave week by the way. Oh yeah. As Dave put it in the time of George Washington. So they've been around quite a bit. And over the course of this history, like they've done a lot of different really kind of great stuff. They, they escorted students into the first segregated schools, black students to segregated schools.

(3m 24s):
They protected them, they enforced prohibition, which I guess depending on your views on prohibition, they, it was great or not. They operated the US census, which seems like they were at the time just really looking for busy work. Right. For the Marshall Service. Yeah. Well just give 'em a bunch of pencils. Right. And then, and turn 'em loose. And then famously, Chuck, anytime you hear somebody call like a wild West law enforcement guy, Marshall this, they were a US marshal. That was one of the roles they played. They served as the long arm of the law and the, the Wild West era of American history. Yeah.

(4m 4s):
So they did a lot of things found, they found a lot of busy work for them to do over the years, these days. Did you mention witness protection? Not yet. Yeah. I mean basically these days they take care of witness the witness, they run the witness security program, AKA witness protection. If you see prisoners being transported like to court or something, those are marshals doing that. And they're, since 79, they've been in charge of fugitive investigations, which is to say basically anybody with an outstanding warrant is a fugitive. You don't have to have like escaped prison. If you're charged with a crime or have been summoned to testify or something like that and you're, you jump bail, you don't appear in court.

(4m 49s):
If you escape from custody, then you're a fugitive. And the US Marshals are gonna try and find you and either put you back in jail or put you in jail for your very first time. Yeah. And Tommy Lee Jones doesn't care if you're innocent. His job is to get you and bring you back to jail. No nonsense. I didn't kill my wife. I don't care. This is so great, man. One of the great lines in movie history. So yeah, you can be a fugitive all sorts of ways and regardless of how it is, the US Marshals are out there to get you. And for the most part, when they get you, it's because they've tracked you down. Maybe they got a tip, maybe they just started looking for you and they found that you're actually at your last known address.

(5m 35s):
Yeah. And they arrest people quite frequently. I think I saw that they rounded up like 75,000 fugitives in 2023 or 24. Okay. They arrest a lot of people, but for some reason during the early to mid eighties, the US Marshal service went on what can only be described as a cutesy streak. Yeah. He said, Hey guys, let's have a little fun with this. They clearly did. I mean like these things. Yeah. This whole thing was hatched hours into an office Christmas party in 1979. That's only way it kind, that only explanation for this. Yeah, for sure. We'll start with our first QY acronym.

(6m 16s):
In 1981, they launched a program called the Fugitive Investigative Strike Team. AKA Fist. 'cause they're gonna use their fist to get you right Up your bum. That's right. And their goal was to do fugitive investigations. The, not just like one person at a time, but like, let's see if we can get a lot of these people at one time high concentrations of these fugitives and round them up and bring 'em in and how are we gonna do that? We're gonna do that with these really kind of wacky sting operations. Which, you know, it's not like they were just out to have fun.

(6m 58s):
There's a lot of merit to doing something this way. They're generally cheaper than just one at a time. Going after somebody resource wise, they're safer because usually when you launch something like this, they're gonna be unaware. They're not gonna be, they're not gonna have a weapon on them. Like they might, you know, behind the door of their own home that they barely crack open. So, you know, it's cheaper. It's generally a little safer. We're gonna talk about a few examples of these before we get to flagship. One very successful one was a program called Mr. Zip. And this is just very low fi. They would have Marshalls dressed up as US mail carriers and they would just knock on your door and say, I got a package from Mr.

(7m 40s):
Hamma Simpson. And they would produce their ID and sign their name and they would say, thank you. You're under arrest. Yeah, It Is you. I think that was actually in the fugitive too. Yeah, that sounds familiar. Yeah. I mean it's been in a lot of different movies, but like, Here are your roses, that kind Of thing. Exactly. Yeah. So I don't know if this is actually the origin of it or not, but it certainly seems to be because I don't get the impression that they did a lot of this stuff before this era. Yeah. What about PEO Airlines? That was pretty fun. I love this one. Yeah. So PEO means fist in Spanish. Right, Exactly. I'm sorry. It's just, it's also like, it's almost like they wanted people to figure it out.

(8m 21s):
Yes. That is inherently the problem behind this whole thing is a lot of the, I was about to say steps, but I'm just gonna say missteps. Yeah. That happen to work out in their favor. Were, were just basically like, Hey criminals, do you speak Spanish? Right. Do you think anybody would ever name their airline Fist Airline? Well, they want to give you a free weekend to The Bahamas. That's right. That was the Poz Airlines thing. And I love it. Like, I think it's, it's cool like in retrospect, but when you stop and actually think of it from a law enforcement perspective, you just, you just end up pinching the bridge of your nose. But it actually worked. Yeah, it did.

(9m 2s):
They mailed these fake letters saying they had won that trip plus 350 bucks in spending money. 14 fugitives fell for it. And you know, they send a limo to your house. It's like a big sweep stakes basically. And most of them were arrested in the limo. Like the limo driver is a cop and they just pull over and say, you're under arrest. One guy did make it to the airport at Miami International and they did have a fake PEO Airlines ticket counter. So they, they saw it through. I'll give them that much. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. I think it was right next to Air Haiti, right? No, for real. Oh, was it? Okay. I never know when you're joking anymore, so, So I know. I'm sorry. I've really messed with reality.

(9m 43s):
That's, that was 1985. There was another one the year before fist seven. Yeah. Right. But they would spell it with Roman numerals to make it look super cool. It's so Funny because I think this is, yeah, this is the era of the Rocky sequels. Yeah. Roman numerals were everywhere. Yeah. That one was enormous. It was a multi-state, multi-agency sting operation. There were 113 marshals involved, five A TF agents, 105 police officers, all from across eight different states. And it involved a bunch of different scams that really all together were part of this one big SW sweep that was just coordinated by the marshal service.

(10m 28s):
There was one pretty straightforward in Buffalo where they wrote letters to fugitives and said, Hey, you don't know this, but you won $10,000 in the lottery. You know that lottery you may or may not have ever played. Well you won $10,000, but we can't give you the money unless you come to the lotto office and show us your ID and then you can claim your prize. That's right. That was one of 'em, one was a, a job scam. It was called the Prior Offender's Employment Opportunity Program, where they would say like, Hey, are you a prior offender? Like, I know it's hard for you to get a job. We can get you a job 15 bucks an hour. Just call our number and tell us who you are and where you are and we'll set you right up.

(11m 12s):
That one actually seems like the most effective one because it, it, it almost has like a scam sense to it. Like outwardly, like overtly. It may be the meanest too. I think so too. I thought the same thing because You might think it's mean to say you've won tickets to The Bahamas, but it's really mean for someone to be like, I really want to start my life over and get a regular job. Right. And they'll Call, call this number. Go. Well, have we got an opportunity for you? Yeah, I agree with you. In New York, part of fist seven, their, their sting was called the Brooklyn Bridge Delivery Service. Not to be confused with New York's finest taxi service, but it's basically the same thing.

(11m 53s):
Yeah. It, their motto was Don't mess with the rest. Come to the best. And it was essentially the same thing as Mr. Zip as far as the skim goes. But they would just leave, like we missed you slips on their door saying you have a package that you need to come pick up. And there was a guy involved in this, I can't remember his name, but, oh, Robert Leshor. He was one of the chief or Deputy Chief Marshalls and he's, he, this was his scam. And so part of it was the, the criminal would call to find out where to pick up their package. And depending on what they were wanted for, he would tailor what was supposedly in the package.

(12m 36s):
So he said like, If you were wanted for robbery or theft or something, it would be like a brand new stereo or something. So he would tailor it, which made sense and apparently that worked to a certain extent. But all of these, all of them pale in comparison to the one that they ran in Hartford, Connecticut. Oh man. I thought you were going on the flagship. I was like, are you not gonna mention The best one? No, not a chance. As a matter of fact, we should probably just stop after this one. 'cause no scam in the history of law enforcement has ever been greater than this one. Yeah. This is part of Fist seven in Hartford, Connecticut. This was, Hey, let's do a fake TV station giveaway where you can win two tickets to a concert plus dinner and a limo ride.

(13m 18s):
And hey, it's 1984, you are gonna see Van Halen on their big huge rock tour. No, no, no. Boy George And Culture Club. You have won tickets to see Culture Club in 1984. And it worked apparent. I don't, I don't know why they chose, I don't know if it was geographical, if Boy George was just like, sure, I'll take part in this. He probably didn't know anything about it. Or if they did some research, did a little re and found out that these, these dudes love boy Love Culture Club. I don't know. I have no idea. But that's who it was. I saw the part of it, the, the package that they won was also a photo shoot.

(13m 60s):
I saw that in a couple of places With the culture club. Yeah. And then, oh, okay. And then one of the marshals who held, who headed up the Hartford Connecticut boy George Scam, said it was just like one of the other ones where like when you went to get picked up by this limo, right when you got in the limo, they arrested you. He said all these people that they got with this were all dressed up to go to the Culture club concert. Oh God. Imagine. Can you imagine What they looked like when they arrived in jail? Like those feathers that you clipped to your ear? Yeah. Yeah. Like glitter war paint, like on your cheeks. Like the whole, the whole shebang.

(14m 40s):
I wonder if they said Bad Karma Chameleon for you, my friend. Right. I love all the extras too. It wasn't just like tickets to a concert. It was always like, and dinner and a photo shoot. Like I guess they really thought they needed to make it something someone couldn't refuse, I guess. Right. How can you refuse a photo shoot with Boy George? Yeah. But we laugh Fist seven knitted 3,300 arrests and is the largest fugitive roundup in American history. Still to this day. Yeah. 3,200 of 'em came from the Boy George Skin. That feels like we have to take a break right there. Right. I think we would be violating some sort of unwritten rule if we didn't right now.

(15m 23s):
Alright. We're gonna come back and talk about one that netted fewer arrests, but was definitely fun in Operation Flagship right after this.

(15m 41s):
Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn, you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just post Your job for free at linkedin.com/syk, that's linkedin.com/syk. And you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.

(16m 38s):
You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly, execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life. Your Future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. It's strawberry me slash stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now, or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.

(17m 41s):
There's nothing like sinking into luxury. Anna Bay Sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. Anna Bay has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers, and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids pet or anyone who loves an easy to clean, spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699 and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.

(18m 55s):
Okay, Chuck, so we're back and we're finally talking about the titular scam Operation Flagship. That's right. How do you like that? That's pretty good. I love the word titular. Thank you. It's arousing. I can't think of another word for it, but let's just say arousing. Yeah. Yeah. This was thought up. It was a brainchild of a guy named Howard Safir. He was head of enforcement operations at the time. FI seven was a big, big success. And he's like, what? At the Christmas party? He's a little toasty and said, what has everybody got? He had too much of grandma's Christmas breath. And he said, what's everyone got? I need some fun ideas. And Robert Leshor, the guy, the Brooklyn Bridge delivery service guy, still basking in the glow of those TaylorMade packages to the criminals.

(19m 44s):
He apparently came up with this idea and it was football tickets. One of the hottest tickets in football at the time in 1985 was there at RFK Stadium for what was then the Ro Washington Redskins. Now the Washington Commander since the name change. But they were the Redskins then. They had won the Super Bowl, beat the Dolphins in 83, lost to the Raiders in the Super Bowl in 84. In 85 expectations were high. Yeah. Season tickets, 25 year waiting lists for season tickets. Every game was sold out at RFK. And so offering up free tickets to criminals in the DC area seemed like a no-brainer.

(20m 25s):
Yeah. This, this particular game versus the Bengals on December 15th, 1985, it was to it whoever won was going to win a wild card playoff birth. Yeah. Which has significance. So it was an important game. Oh, do you? I feel like, I don't know, you should get a little gold star for your football knowledge right there. Thank you. Also, not to mention too, I mean, even looking back, you're like, wow, these guys were great. But at the time, these two were at the peak of their careers. It was Theisman versus Sison as far as the quarterbacks went. Beman, is it really beman? Yeah.

(21m 5s):
I mean, the story goes, it was Joe Thieman and in college he changed it to Theisman, to rhyme with Heisman. Oh really? That's what they say. Huh? I'm not smart Sure if that, did he win the Heisman? I mean the Heisman, oh, You know, I'm actually not sure if he did or not, but his leg got snapped on national tv. I never, I was watching that game. It was horrific. Wasn't that a Super Bowl? No. Oh, it was a No, no, no. It wasn't a Super Bowl. Yeah. That was horrific. I mean, it was a compound fracture that came out of his thigh. Right. I don't think it was his thigh. I think it was a lower leg. But I just, I remember it was, that was the first horrific injury that I saw on, on TV that even though I didn't know it at the time, activated my mirror neurons in a way that was quite striking.

(21m 51s):
One of the ones that got me there was a Miami Hurricanes player in early two thousands, and he was like running down the sideline and somebody dove to, to knock him out of, well, out of bounce, bounce. And, and they got him right in his knee and his knee turned into like his whole, his whole leg. But the apex was, his knee just turned into a rubber band that went man really far to the left. And it's Always so disturbing. It was, they kept show, like this was, this was the, the zeitgeist at the time. They showed that injury in slow motion 15 times.

(22m 31s):
Yeah. They Didn't do that Anymore while the dude was laying on the field, they didn't cut to anything. They just kept showing it over and over, like it was a new volume of Faces of Death or something like that. Yeah. They did that for up until not too too long ago. And then they stopped. Anytime there's a serious injury like that, they're like, we're not, you know, we don't show the replays of these things anymore, but yeah, we, We probably shouldn't feed the blood lust. Yeah, exactly. But yeah, so anyway, that was, that was, it's forever burned into my brain that, that image. And I don't think he broke anything. He just apparently has like the most flexible, resilient leg of anybody's. Oh, So he was fine. Yeah. I don't know if he was fine. I don't remember that. I just remember like, I, I don't think he was like he anything broke.

(23m 15s):
It just went B Oh, was that old rubber knee Richards? Yeah. Yeah. But ironically, I think he had that nickname before that because he could play the rubber bands on his knee. This has gotten so off the Rails. Oh yeah. We're talking about the cops in the us. Yeah, that's right. All right, so we're back to Robert Leshor and he's the one that came up with this idea to give away these tickets. He said, here's what we'll do. We'll create a fake TV station, like a rock music TV station, like a local MTV, basically WROC video. And that's gonna head up this whole thing, the pri And this is where they get queue again, the prize letters that they sent out were signed by station manager.

(23m 58s):
I am Deno if you'd spell that backwards. It is. I am wanted get it. Yeah. And then the guy who they said you had to call in or whatever, the, the business manager that took the phone call, his name was Marcus Cran, CRAN, spelled backwards as narc. No. Yes. And supposedly, and I did not verify this, but there was one source that said the whole music when you called was I fought the law and the Law won by Bobby Fuller. Yeah. And I was like, come on, see. Like really? Right. So even if even taking that one out, it is a hundred percent confirmed that they signed it.

(24m 41s):
I am wanted backwards. I am Detol. Yeah. The cran thing is that pretty much a hundred percent. Oh yeah. I mean it's in the NFL films documentary. You see the guy typing that name in a computer? Yeah. So like, this is like, these are the things that they're doing to just make it like a whole t he he thing. Right, right. Yeah. To where If you, again, If you for no reason, step back, no reason, but to amuse themselves, like there's no reason as we'll. See, I'm sure part of the reason also is for the media blitz that they knew was coming after they pulled this off. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. But not only is there really no reason for it, you're actually sacrificing potential captures. Yeah. 'cause there's people, you're tempting fate.

(25m 22s):
Some of these people have wives. All you had to do was show your wife that letter. Right. And say that just want it backwards, you know, like, Hey, you dummy. Yeah. How many of these people were like, fell through the, the dragnet because they saw that Yeah. Detol is wanted backwards. And they're like, I think this is not legitimate. Yeah. Yeah. They mailed out 3000 of these letters to fugitives for a total of 5,117 outstanding warrants. Between those 3000 said you won the thing plus a grand prize drawing for Super Bowl tickets that year. The flagship international sports television was the fake station fist.

(26m 3s):
So they did it again, about half the letters came back, return to sender. The others, again, were told to, to call Marcus Cran to confirm their attendance. And a few of the people that called in were like, wait a minute, this is the cops. But out of the 3000, it's not very many. Apparently about 160 people RSVP'd, which would still be a pretty good take, I guess. Sure. And they said, all right, come on down to the Washington Convention Center at 9:00 AM on game day, we're gonna have a big brunch and a big party and then shuttle you over to the game. Yes. And I thought something you mentioned is worth emphasizing that being entered in a grand prize drawing for tickets.

(26m 46s):
Tickets to Super Bowl II in New Orleans. Yeah. That actually struck me as a really nice touch because now you've moved the focus a little further out and you're diluting the focus that's being paid to this most immediate thing. So they're thinking about something else as well. It really, I thought that really was a good touch. Yeah, I agree. So to get prepared for this whole thing, they held three different dress rehearsals that's dedicated for sure. 'cause this was a big production and it was smart that they held three different dress rehearsals. Because again, there's a lot of moving parts. There's a ton of different cops. I think 166 different agents were involved.

(27m 28s):
They were all cops. Everyone There was a cop, like the busboy was a cop. The, you know, person serving your drink was a cop. Yeah. The janitors were cops. Everybody was cops. Like when you walked into the Washington Convention Center that day, there was no one who wasn't a cop a wanted fugitive or the plus one of the wanted fugitive. Exactly. Who had the haplessness of being brought along to this whole show. Yeah. The real victims. Yeah. So, so they, they rehearsed it many, many times. And one of the things I saw of these 166 law enforcement agents that were part of this, a lot of them were brought in from outta state because they didn't wanna risk some of these fugitives from recognizing Yeah.

(28m 11s):
The, the marshals who say like, were in the courtroom with them when they were first brought to trial or had escorted them from jail to prison before they escaped or something like that. So they brought in a lot of ringers from around the country. So there was a lot of cops working from a lot of different offices, all for this one huge scam Operation Flagship. Yeah. They had to shave a lot of about half of their mustaches. Yeah. If you watch, I mean, you can see this whole thing. There's a, it's, it's only like 12 minutes long. An NFL films documentary on this, on YouTube or wherever, and you can watch the whole thing play out. It's incredible. But they look, it looks like a, a room staffed with 166 cops.

(28m 53s):
Right. Dressed up as different things. Yeah. I, I made it through up to I think minute three. I was like, I cannot watch law enforcement try to play it tongue in cheek. It's just, I can't do it. Yeah. They, even the cheerleaders who were not dressed as cheerleaders, they were dressed in tuxedos. Like everyone there was wearing a tux, which was hysterical. Right. 'cause you know, it was 1985. That's the epitome of class. Right. But the, they were all cops and the, one of the women that was interviewed, she was like, I didn't want to do a cheerleader. She was like, I was in this, I was a US marshal. I wanted, I was rough and tumble and I wanted to, you know, throw some guys on the ground and put the cuffs on 'em. But they were like, no, we, we need you to be a cheerleader.

(29m 35s):
And you're actually the first line of defense. Because what they did was they hugged these guys upon greeting like, Hey, we're cheerleaders. Hug, hug, hug. And they're sort of patting them down and feeling for weapons. Right. Which is amazing. What Was that? There was some movie where they do, that's a great comedic effect. Oh really? Yeah. I can't remember. But they're, they're like hugging people while patting them down, but like just clearly patting them down, man, this sounds familiar. That's gonna drive me crazy. No, you'll think of it later. Or somebody'll email in. I'll bet. At least one person does. Yeah. So yeah, the, like we said, everybody there who, who was in this building was a cop, including the San Diego Chicken. Yeah. Was armed, was an armed cop that just goes to show you how big the San Diego chicken was in the early to mid eighties that they were like, bring the San Diego chicken in for this Washington Cincinnati football game on the other side of the country.

(30m 29s):
Make sure the San Diego chickens there just to legitimize things. Yeah. Because that was the chicken was for the Padres, not the right chargers even at the time. Right. Yeah. The only explanation I saw in the video was they said something about Santa Claus was gonna be there. And I don't know why, this is the part that has no explanation. He said, oh, we were like, we can't have Santa Claus, so let's get the San Diego chicken. I was like, he said that as if that was the most reasonable statement he could make. Really? That's hilarious. It's very funny. Well that is, that shows a little heart. Yeah, for Sure. I should also say, I, I, I poked fun at law enforcement trying to be funny. So I looked up to see if there's any cops turn comedians and there are Oh Sure.

(31m 11s):
I bet there are. And I bet that's their whole act. I don't know if it is or not, but I can just tell you to go out and check these guys out. There's Kevin Jordan, Chad Ridgeley, who went on to be a Groundling officer. Ley Jim Perry, officer Perry, Alfie Moore. And I defy you to find the one Brit out of those. Yeah, I bet it's not Alfie. Alright, so I'm above. Right. Wow. That was a great Alfie Moore impression. He's the kind of guy that talks like that, I think. Anyway, I just wanted to toss that out there because Very nice. Thanks Les Horn. As for his part, he's in the video. He's saying like, nobody can act like a copier. We got a smile.

(31m 52s):
And he says in this, in the NFL film scene, he goes, I know we're not used to smiling at bandits, but today we need to. I was like, bandits, what is happening in 1985? That's Right. Yeah. He said, no one can connect like a cop. Kill 'em with smiles. Right. Yeah. Not with a planted gun. Right, Right. Oh my gosh. So I, like I said, there's a lot of moving parts in a sting where you're trying to nab 160 or so criminals all at once. Again, they rehearsed it three different times, but there's still tons of x factors that can crop up that you just can't plan for. And one of the, the one of the reasons why they were really kind of on edge is some of these criminals who they'd invited were pretty hardcore.

(32m 39s):
There were like armed robbers rapists. There was one murderer in particular who was, who had escaped from prison. He and two other guys had dressed up as security, or not security guards, prison guards. And they, from what I was reading, they have no idea where they got these prison guard uniforms. But they managed to escape. The other two guys got caught. The other guy, Charles Watkins again, who was in on murder, he had become a fugitive and was wanted as a top 10 fugitive in the DC area. So he was a big fish that they were trying to reel in. Yeah. But at the same time, this guy's a murderer on the run. You have no idea what he's gonna do. So Sure. We really had to kind of keep it tight as much as possible.

(33m 21s):
I say that before we get to the actual day. December 15th, 1985. Yeah, we take another break. Alright, let's do it.

(33m 38s):
Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing Anate sofas. Where designer style meets budget friendly prices. Anate brings you the ultimate in furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stain resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy liquid simply slide right off designed for custom comfort. Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years. Don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.

(34m 41s):
You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long And get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.

(35m 45s):
Let's talk about moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity. Doesn't sound familiar. Think about how you've been sleeping lately. If you've had nights where you've been told you snore loudly or choke or gasp for air and then wake up feeling tired, it may be due to OSA in The us. Moderate to severe OSA affects around 24 million adults. Many are adults with obesity and most cases remain undiagnosed and untreated. Don't Sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on ossa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.

(36m 32s):
All righty. We are back. It is not Christmas, but it certainly feels like it in 1985. It's December 15th, the Washington Convention Center is decked out. There's a, a big TV playing highlights of the, of the Redskin seasons thus far. There's music playing. Everyone's in those tuxes. They got red and gold balloons they're handing out. It's really fun to watch this, this thing play out. You've got these cheerleaders hugging and patting these guy, these guys down. One guy is like leaning in trying to kiss the one of the women and she's just like pulling her face away. Oh yeah. And still has her armor around it. In fact, she actually stacia Hilton, she was the US marshal, the cheerleader that they interviewed or fake cheerleader.

(37m 19s):
And later on she had gotten out and was brought back into the service by, as an appointment as director of US Al service by President Obama. Hmm. Yeah. But so for this day, she's a Redskins cheerleader. Yeah, exactly. So the, what they would do is the, the cheerleaders would hug you as you were coming in, would not accept kisses, it turns out. But they would hug you, pat you down. Although you weren't supposed to know that you were being patted down, they would direct you toward a table. She's a good Hugger. Right. Exactly. Very thorough. So they would, they would pour you to this table where you would check in and to claim your prize to make sure you were, you, you had to show positive id.

(38m 0s):
And then when they, when they verified that you were on the list, meaning that you were a wanted fugitive who just showed up to clo claim your two free tickets to the, the Washington Redskins football game, they would give you a name tag and the name tag would say confirmed winner. And then If you were a dangerous criminal, they would give you a name tag that said double winner. And they could not find anywhere how they would explain why somebody was a double winner and not just a confirmed winner. Like, Hey, what does that mean? Right, exactly. Like why, why me? I have no idea what they said. Surely they had to say something, but I could not find it.

(38m 41s):
It's lost to history. They, he said, you're dangerously close to winning the Super Bowl tickets too. That was great. That's how they do it in the movie at least. So one person came that was not expected. It was an attorney from a local TV station that had the local broadcast rights to the games. He heard about this flagship international sports television, AKA fist. And he was like, wait a minute. They can't do this. I'm gonna, so he shows up with this Piece of my mind. Yeah, Exactly. He shows up with a cease and desist letter and the cops got him out of there. They were like, here, why don't you go have a talk with these two cheerleaders? They're like, buddy, you're gonna blow our cover here.

(39m 21s):
Yeah. They, they shot him in the leg. Yeah. He hobbled outta there. No, they took him outside. They had to keep it under Yeah. Wrapped. So, okay. You wanna talk about unexpected guests? Sure. Do you want to know the definition of a scumbag? Sure. A fugitive who gets caught up in the dragnet of a scam carried out by the US Marshal service in 1985 and shows up without bothering the RSVP. There were 15 of them. Oh, that's funny. They just, they just came. Yep. They just showed up. Didn't even bother the RSVP. It just, you, it just got under my skin when I saw that.

(40m 3s):
This is bad manners for Sure. So there was a, a decent amount of people in this convention center. I mean, a hundred and something. 150 cops, I think 160, A little over one cop to one fugitive. Yeah. And then most of these fugitives had a plus one, if not all of them. So there is hundreds of people in this convention center. And like you said, it was a big party atmosphere. But right under the surface, there's a bunch of people with guns ready to like take you to jail. But the problem is you can't just round everybody up all at once. Right? No. So what they did was pretty clever. They would take 15 to 20 winners at a time to one of like the separate conference rooms in this convention center.

(40m 49s):
Which really, it made me nostalgic Chuck. 'cause we played a show or two in the, in the conference room of a convention center, you know. Yeah. Australia dead Australia. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And they would sit 'em down and, and they would present them with some, I guess, spiel to start as they shut the doors and everybody was settling into their chairs. Yeah. This is Louis McKinney. He's on a stage and then again, this is just like, Hey, this is the party room where you're gonna get your actual tickets. And he's the mc, he's the master of ceremonies. He's, he's wearing a top hat, a literal black top hat. And he's doesn't just go up there and say, you're all under arrest. He settles everyone down. He said he wanted everyone to kind of get settled in and calm.

(41m 31s):
So he's just doing a, a bit, he's doing stage work about how excited everyone is and getting everyone like pumped up. And then, and you can literally watch this happen. He says, on behalf of flagship International, we have a big surprise for you this morning. Everybody's under arrest. And you see behind the doors, you see all these like SWAT cops. It's their version of the swat, their so special operations group that doesn't spell anything clever. They're like literal, have literal shotguns and they're just like, they're right behind the door. Yep, yep. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. That's right. They repel in through the windows, you know, break through the windows. No, they just, they literally just like kick in the door and go running in with shotguns.

(42m 14s):
And you see these guys that like, about a third of them, like immediately sort of put their hands on their heads as they were being directed to and get on the ground. And about a third of them are like, what's happening here? Is this part of the, the prize? Yeah. They, they didn't know what was going on, but you know, soon enough they had them, you know, face down on the floor. Yeah. Arresting. Yeah. Sometimes violently. Oh yeah. Yeah. 15 people at a time. Then escorting 'em out a different door and just, you know, keep doing that over and over until they got everybody. I have to say something really quick while I was researching this. Um-huh. I had a great little brush with coincidence that I was reading. I got to that part where McKinney says everybody's under arrest. And I just happened to be listening to the Beach Boys Smile album at the time.

(42m 57s):
Oh yeah. It's not something I've listened to a lot. I just happened to decide to listen to that while I was researching this. And within seconds of reading that part, it reaches the part in the Beach Boys album where they say you're under arrest. Wow. And That it's worth, I mean, that's something, right? I mean, that's not your everyday. That's crazy coincidence. No, I love stuff like That. I do too. So anyway, back to the story. Dave, like I said, helped us with this and he wondered something that I did as well. What happened to all the, all the guests Yeah. Who are like the crowd of plus ones are getting left behind in larger and larger droves as this party room is like, you know, set and reset and people get taken out of the back door to jail.

(43m 40s):
Yeah. And no one knows. I mean no, at least no one ever covered what happened. They Just, yeah. I mean I imagine it was, I've got some bad news and some more bad news. Right. Like there is no good news. It's like your friend has been arrested and you're also not going to this football game and you also have to find your way home somehow. Exactly. Surely they gave him a ride home at least. Oh, I don't know about that. I don't know about that. I mean, I was laughing about their, their victims, but they really are. I mean, what a bummer For sure. Especially those wives that found out that their husbands didn't let 'em read the letter. Right. From I am al And didn't want to go to the game to begin with.

(44m 21s):
Right. Yeah. Oh my God. There are definitely plus ones like that. Yeah. Oh man. So when this whole thing was pulled off, the reason why the NFL films little mini documentary is so thorough is the media was there and it would make sense. The media was there because this is supposed to be some big deal celebration. So you see people who are like fugitives about to be arrested coming into the convention center, like party like into the cameras Yeah. That are really like there to film their arrest, but they think they're there to film this big celebration. 'cause they won these tickets. The LA Times was there, CBS news was there, Washington Post was there.

(45m 3s):
They were like, journalists were allowed to go basically everywhere. They were allowed to interview all of the, all of the higher ups conducting this thing. I guess they were just required to basically play it straight and pretend like they didn't know what was going on. But as a result of this direct involvement of the media, there was a huge national like celebration for how great the US Marshal service was and how well they pulled off this amazing sting with not a single shot fired. And aside from violently throwing some of these people to the floor, totally nonviolent roundup of a hundred plus perps. Yeah. I mean that's the, that's why you do it like this.

(45m 45s):
Oh, for the, for the safety and for the money savings or the efficiency rather, I guess financially. But the, the PR aspect of this should not be overlooked. Like they wanted them to film this, they wanted them to know all the cutesy stuff. So one day NFL films would release a mini doc and future podcasters would talk about it and sort of make fun of it, but also bring them, you know, some attention. So the PR part of it was a very purposeful big deal. The guy, I've seen lots of different numbers bandied about by how many people they actually got, I think 144 arrests is what Dave saw. But in the documentary, the guy whose brainchild it was said it was 101 really, but If you do the math on 101 arrest, it costs them $22,100 to pull this off.

(46m 36s):
That breaks down to just $218 at, if they got 101 arrests. And the average cost of just a per fugitive cost of nabbing, a single fugitive was about almost 1300 bucks. So that's a, you know, that's a big efficient haul If you really look at it that way. Yeah, For sure. I mean that that it's super efficient. And again, not a single shot fired. And don't forget, they nbb Charles Watkins, the big fish they were trying to reel in the murderer who had escaped from prison dressed as a prison guard, which really, if you're gonna escape from prison, that's a real black eye to that particular prison dressing up as one of their own guards in escaping. Yeah, sure. So it was a big deal that they caught this guy and Stanley Morris, who was the head of the marshal service at the time, was quoted in the LA Times saying it's a safe, clean, and creative way to get these people off the streets.

(47m 27s):
There's no safer way to make an arrest then away from the home environment. Yeah. I mean he's probably right as far as Charles Watkins goes. And, and Dave got some of this by the way, he wanted to shout out the podcast Criminal huge Shout out. Yeah. Because they covered this. And I think Dave, they've listened to that and got a couple of these things in the end here from there. Yeah. It was a December 20, 24 episode. Oh, so what I'm guessing so pretty recently is that the listener wrote in after hearing the criminal episode Oh, maybe. And said, I've got a great idea for your episode. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So go check that out for criminal's point of view.

(48m 8s):
I'm sure it's pretty great 'cause it's a great podcast. But apparently there was a producer from CBS news named Alan Goldberg who went back at the footage and was like, I, I think he just thought some of this stuff was a little fishier than it was made out to be as some big huge success. And he saw footage on there of Charles Watkins, a a 50-year-old man saying like, you got the wrong guy, you got the wrong guy. And it turns out they got the wrong guy. They got Charles Watkins, senior Charles Watkins, the murderer that was the felon, or rather fugitive and felon was his son. He was 20 years old. They got the wrong person. Yeah. Apparently the big Fish was the wrong fish.

(48m 49s):
Yeah. According to criminal. Like he, he finally was able to convince him by showing like some ID and some other like identification, saying like, I'm not the guy you're looking for. You're looking for my son. And huge, again, hat tip to criminal, they did some serious digging, like I was listening to it. And that, and then Alan Goldberg, who is a huge source for this, he, they're the ones that he talked to. This is not like all over the place. Like they found this guy and managed to, to just completely turn all of the coverage of Operation Flagship. Still today, when you read contemporary stuff about Operation Flagship, it is unquestioningly written about as just this perfect success.

(49m 31s):
Yeah. Yeah. And they found this guy who was like, this is not actually how it went at all. There's actually, in addition to getting the wrong, Charles Watkins, the other big fish, they were trying to get Lloyd Golden. He was a top 10, wanted fugitive for armed robbery. And this Alan Goldberg, you know, God bless him for his journalist streak, he dug into Lloyd Golden and found that he was wanted for selling some drugs, not armed robbery. He wasn't on any kind of top 10 list. So that's bad enough. But when you really start digging into it, you're like, whoa, this is not only a waste of money. It turns out, even though it was super efficient, it's actually legal, but pretty unethical con considering who they actually did nab in this dragnet.

(50m 15s):
Yeah. I mean, it was mainly misdemeanor offenders, a lot of parole violations. There were six traffic offenses in There. Okay. And now remember, a lot of these people were thrown to the ground regardless of their, of of Yeah. What they were wanted for. They were a fugitive and they were thrown to the ground violently in some cases for traffic offenses. Yeah, exactly. There was one guy in, you can see him in the NFL film stock as they're bringing him out. He was like, man, he's like, you know where I live, you could have come to my house. Right. Like, basically like, why did you drag me down here Right. And make me go through all this. Just come knock on my door and arrest me.

(50m 56s):
He's like, I wanna speak to Mr. Tau. Now, This turned out to be sort of the beginning of the end, though. It is again, still praised as a success If you look at any US Marshal stuff, but they, I I think like fist to nine was just regular police work over a period of eight weeks. They, they got a bunch of more fugitives, which is great. Yeah. Pretty impressive. 3,500 fugitives in eight weeks over four states and parts of Mexico. That's with no scams whatsoever. Yeah, no scams. But they just, they don't do this stuff anymore. I guess this was sort of the, the golden age of that kind of thing. They're still out getting fugitives.

(51m 36s):
I think last year they captured more than 3000 violent fugitives in Operation North Star, but that did not involve culture club tickets or Right. Sweepstakes prizes or anything like that. I think the answer is that in 19, starting in 1986, they went to nothing but beer and wine at their Christmas parties. Right. Yeah. Not the, the rum punch. Right. Right. Yeah. So one of the things about Operation Flagship is that it is so nuts that it actually happened. And when you just step back and look at it from the, you know, from the total outside and how great it was and everything, it's extremely entertaining. Cops, smart criminals, stupid. Can you believe they fell for this? There's football involved, like it has everything you could possibly want.

(52m 18s):
Right. So it, it did actually inspire some stuff. Like we said, that whole Mr. Zip thing inspired like the, I've got some a rose delivery for you. Fugitive. Yeah. This specific Operation. Flagship inspired, apparently the opening scene and Sea of Love with Al Pacino, where Samuel Jackson is among the fugitives who were tricked into a Meet the Yankees scam. Yeah. Yeah. That, that was copped directly from this. I'm sure There was. So have you seen the movie Trap M Knight Sha Milan's vehicle for his daughter's musical career? Yeah. Have you seen it? No. Okay. I just wanna talk for one quick minute about this, because I heard this movie on two different movie podcasts I listened to.

(53m 3s):
Scott hasn't seen, he covered this with Mike Castle husband to Lauren Lapkus as the guest, and then it was also on the Flop House. One of my, my favorite shows that I've listened to forever. Nice. On the Max Fun Network where they cover bad movies, Elliot, Dan, and, and Stew. So Track Is bad then. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's wonderfully bad though. Like, I heard both of these before I saw it and I was like, I've got to watch this movie now because it, it's so funny. Bad. Wow. And it is, it's, I highly recommend Okay. The M Knight Shaalan Josh Hartnett movie Trap because it is so ridiculous and awful and the choices that are made as a movie are just bonkers and hysterical.

(53m 51s):
Okay. So I know I am a ASC sent adult human being and I know that a lot of M Night Shalon, some of his films are bad. Yeah, yeah. Just bad, terrible. I hated signs. Hated signs. Yeah. Although that was largely because of Mel Gibson's acting, or overacting, Most of them were pretty bad to, to me. Huh. He's got a handful of pretty good ones. But, yeah. Well that's what I was gonna say. I will still watch every movie that that man puts out because they're so imaginative, so creative. Yeah. I also love the cinematography in his films. It's always so dark and moody. Yeah. They look pretty Good. The Sixth Sense is one of the greatest films of all time.

(54m 31s):
Yeah. And even like, you can give up on 'em and then come back years later and watch the stuff that you missed and you're like, man, I love this stuff. It's such a great thing to watch on like Saturday afternoon or something like that. Yeah. I like the Unbreakable movie and the, the split of the whatever. It was like a trilogy in that world Glass and Split. Yeah. I thought all those were pretty good. But yeah, a lot of his movies are really bad. Yeah. But still well made enough to be worthwhile, even if it's just sort of like a cringe fun watch and Trap is one of them. And you know, whenever he pops up in his own movies, it's always so bad and dumb and obvious and he, he does so in the funniest worst way in Trap.

(55m 15s):
Okay, good. I gotta see this. It's really a fun, a fun bad movie watch. I highly recommend it. Have you seen a knock at the Cabin Door? I have not seen that one. That's Good. I, I don't see him all. Have you ever seen Servant the show he made Uhuh? Good, bad? No, it's really good. Okay. It's a really good show. Like he does a great job. He's A confounding filmmaker. Yeah. You know, Just, just watch Servant. I think you'll like it. I haven't seen all of the seasons. I might've seen the first three and then I stopped. But I can tell you the first three are definitely worth watching. I think you'll get sucked in pretty quick. Yeah. We cannot finish though. Even though I did mention Homer Simpson earlier, one of the great Great Simpsons episodes, they had a sting operation where they were giving away a, a boat, right?

(56m 3s):
Yeah. Yes. I'm sorry. I've watched it the other yesterday. I guess I was watching it just classic. I noticed something that I'd never noticed before. What was it? At the head of the scene at the beginning as they're start as, as they're pulling up to the police station, Homer's falling for a scam like Operation Flagship, but instead of Redskin's tickets, it's a free motorboat. Yeah. So he's all, he's all ready for this. He's wearing a captain's hat, driving the family up to the police station to claim his free motorboat. And at the beginning of the scene as they're pulling up, Lou, one of the cops is, has the door kind of like slightly jarring his peeking out Right. When he sees Homer pull up, he like closes the door real quick.

(56m 44s):
Yeah. Oh my God. You have to see it. I like, I can't do it justice. It's just this extra quick little thing that did not need to be added at all, but makes that whole scene so just perfect. Oh, just the, the heyday of that show. Yeah. Season nine. It was. And the whole episode by the way too, Lisa the skeptic is like, yeah. One of the like more heartfelt episodes around too. So good. Hello. Why are the pretty one, Joey's and Shane, One Of favorites. Also a little nugget on the end if you're ever in Fort Smith, Arkansas. And why else would you be there? But going to the US Marshal Museum, you can see Louis McKinney's Mce Black top hat on display.

(57m 29s):
Very nice. Pretty, that was a nice little nugget. Yeah. Thanks Dave for that nug. Yeah. Thank you Dave. That was great. We appreciate the assist on this one. And on Harry Belafonte, it's Dave week, everybody. That's Right. And since I said it's Dave week again, that unlocked listener mail. Hey guys, love the show. I just started listening around 2018. I'm now realizing that was seven years ago. My commute to work is about 15 minutes in each each direction. So your release schedule is perfect to listen to a fresh SYSK episode all the time. So fresh. I was listening to auto mats and hearing Chuck weirded out about pie for breakfast is so funny to me because I'm a chef and I will never understand why pie sweetened thickened fruit and a pastry is dessert.

(58m 12s):
But a danish or a jelly donut sweetened thickened fruit and a pastry or breakfast. And by the way, this totally vindicates you because when you were like pie for breakfast and I was like, that sounds so crazy. I was, and you said most breakfast foods are dessert. And I was like, what are you talking about? You're completely right. I wasn't thinking about all this stuff. Oh, I love it when you say stuff like that. I was thinking about eggs and bacon, but I forgot about the, the sweet side of breakfast and all that stuff is dessert. Same goes for cake and pancakes, flour, sugar, eggs, baking powder with a sweet condiment. French French toast is plain white bread dipped in a sweet cinnamon custard griddled, and then you drizzle sugar syrup on top of it. I love That stuff. So guys, Josh is right.

(58m 52s):
Lots of breakfast foods are pretty much dessert. And I say if it makes you happy, there's no reason to keep away from dessert foods at breakfast. Your stomach doesn't know what time of day it is. Thanks for all the amazing information I've learned so much from you guys and always have a great time listening. That is from Aaron, Bri, them and Aaron. Thanks for proving me wrong. I forgot about all this sweet breakfast stuff. Thanks for proving me, right? Yeah. And not to even mention cereal. I mean, what is Captain Crunch besides a bowl of dessert? That's right. I like to have a balanced breakfast. I, I like the dessert part with a bunch of pancakes or french toast and syrup. But then I also like the eggs and the bacon part too. I, breakfast is my favorite meal that I never eat, but when I do, by God, I love it.

(59m 34s):
Well, yeah, I'm the same way. I don't typically eat breakfast, so if I'm going to eat breakfast, breakfast, like it's gonna be something like that. Agreed. I gave up cereal and I'm for, I'm, I'm the better off for it. I, I just have to admit. Yeah. I, I don't eat that stuff anymore. But If you, if I'm on vacation and there's a, a good breakfast place, I'm gonna party down and then I'll skip lunch. That's right. Nice work, Charles. Well, If you wanna be like Aaron and vindicate me, bring it on. You can send us an email to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app.

(1h 0m 16s):
Apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows.

(1h 0m 26s):
Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If Anyone's ever said you snore loudly or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't sleep on ossa.com. This Information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.

(1h 0m 58s):
Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know. So you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime. But when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed profile. No rabbit holes. Required

(1h 1m 28s):
Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. NA member fda, you're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.