
You're listening to an IHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member, FDIC.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple Pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh, and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And this is Stuff You Should Know. And that's it. It's the and edition. Yeah, this is about Editorial Cartoons, AKA political cartoons. They are one and the same. They're, you know, usually appear in the, traditionally in the Editorial section or the opinion section of newspapers. So that's why you can call them either. And this is a, a profession that, that appears to be dying out.


If you look at the number of Editorial cartoonists that are like full-time staff, that major newspapers, right? 'cause there used to be more than 2000 about a hundred years ago, and now there's less than 20. And Dave, you know, helped us with this and found that stat. And I think we were both initially like, oh my God, they're all going away. Not necessarily true. Those are full-time staffers on newspapers. Newspapers are in trouble. So that's a big reason why Right? And we'll get to that. But there are still plenty of Editorial cartoonists and political cartoonists mainly working online, Right? Yeah, yeah. And for syndication companies, like you can work for a syndicate and they'll distribute it to newspapers that wanna run your political cartoon, just like with comics.


Yeah. So it's, I won't say like it, it, we're at peak, the golden age of it, but it's, it's still alive and well in just sort of a different form. Yeah. I've seen the Golden Age referred to as in the 19th century. You know, I'm like, these people didn't live through the eighties. That was the golden age baby. Oh man. I saw if I had a dime for every like, cartoonish drawing of Tip O'Neill or Ronald Reagan I saw growing up as a kid. Right, right. I didn't even, like, who are these People? Yeah, no, that's a really great point that they, they Editorial Cartoons are like of the moment sometimes like of the day where they Oh yeah. Like they'll still make sense later that week, but they're not hidden because something already changed or moved on and they don't as such, it's very rare that an Editorial cartoon can still like land the way it originally did.


That means that whatever it was talking about was so historic that it's a classic Yeah. People decades on know what the, what like the ins and outs of it that the, the political cartoon is referring to. But for the most part it's like daily minutia of ongoing politics and government. And If you just go back like 10 or 15 years, it's like, I forgot John Boehner even existed right? Until I went back and looked at some of the old political cartoons. And it's so important at the time, but you know, all these years on it does not matter what that political cartoon was saying at the time. It wasn't. That's a huge point about those things. That's why I just made Michael Dukakis drove a tank.


I remember that. Who's Michael Dukakis? Yep. I remember and Kitty. That's funny stuff. Oh yeah, his wife Kitty. That's right. And Dan Quail spells potato wrong. Yeah. Like, it's so funny to kind of think about the, the greatest political hits of our childhood. Yep. Yeah. It's, it's really far away, Chuck. Yeah. But like you said, it's sort of like greatest hits. You can look back at some Nixon and Watergate political cartoons and totally get it. Yeah. And they land, but they're not always funny. And that's the whole point of this, or not the whole point, but it, it's satire. It's satire can be super, super funny. Like If you read The Onion or something like that, or a a a well-made satirical film or television show, but it's a different kind of humor.


A lot of times satire isn't necessarily laugh out loud stuff because the point of satire usually is to influence what somebody thinks about something through, in this case, an image. Right. One of the explanations I saw for satire is that it uses like a, a surface level presentation of a point to point out that the counterpoint is actually the more sensible thing. Hmm. I I can, if I thought about that and saw it written down, I could probably figure out exactly. Okay, I've got one for you. Alexander Pope said, praise undeserved. Is satire in disguise? No. Still nothing. Okay. Go watch the movie Soul Plane or Brian's song and you will know what I'm talking about with satire.


Brian's song. You know, they used to use that in crying studies. That's the, the one thing I remember about Brian's song was when I was a kid, I saw a news report where they're like, this new movie is so sad. And it showed people, like in a room watching Brian's song with these little tear gutters strapped to their face. Right? Yeah. And just like bawling at that movie. So, and I'm sure the political cartoon of the day about that Right. Had people crying and somebody said, are they watching Brian's song? And the guy says, no, they just found out Ronald Reagan was reelected governor. Well, we also, you and I are, as we said on record many times before, grew up as adherence to Mad Magazine and they didn't, I mean, they did political cartoons essentially.


It just wasn't for a newspaper. But there was plenty of that stuff in there. Nice Point. One of the other things about political cartoons is they, they present an opinion. They do it in a way that's humorous, that's recognizable. You don't have to know how to read, which was for a long time the the point of political cartoons. And it's, it's presented in a way so that it takes everything, you know, it makes assumptions about what you know, but usually they're pretty good at that. And it, it takes everything, you know, and, and can turn it on its head can point out the folly, the ridiculousness of usually governments, politicians, policies, that kind of stuff.


But sometimes it's aimed unfairly at groups of people. The the other point about it is that the, the actual like types of art it uses have been shown to neurologically, like hit us different than say like a photograph. Yeah. Like care, when you draw a caricature of someone or exaggerate, exaggerate. That was beautiful. A 3-year-old, If you exaggerate something, wait, Hold on. Right. You can't do it as well as you That's all right. That's pretty good. Yeah. It's, it's has more of a, like, neurologically more of an impact than an actual photograph of somebody doing something even ridiculous.


Yeah. It's called a super normal stimulus or a super stimuli, which is, it, it just hits your brain that much harder. And so the, the caricature, like it just something people just figured out over time building little by little to create like the optimal political cartoon, which apparently popped up around the 1950s. Well, or the, If you go to, you know, a theme park or, or the streets of Paris or something, and you see a caricature artist parked next to the realistic, like I'll do a realistic pencil sketch of you. Yeah. You got like one person over there, you got 10 people in line trying to get their, a big old fathead version of themselves.


Yeah. Because they wanna be super stimulated. Can I amend one thing that you said? You said that they use humor. Almost always that's the case, but some of my favorite political cartoons over the years, sometimes they'll have just the really brutally gut punchy sad ones Yes. That are very, very effective. You know, Hilarious. No, Yeah, no, they definitely, it doesn't always have to be humor. You're right. For sure. But it, what it always has to do is prove some kind of a point. There's never a political cartoon that's like, oh, this is just funny or something. Right. 'cause that's a comic stripper. That's family circus.


Exactly. So I say we go back way back to potentially the, the origin of political cartoons, which were religious in nature because back in the 16th century when Martin Luther was trying to reform the, the Catholic church and ended up just kind of spinning off his own jam, Paul, the religion was politics. They were interchangeable. It was one and the same. So when he started printing woodcut cartoons that were really unflattering depictions of the Pope and the bishops and the cardinals who aided the Pope, he was making a political statement.


And so some people say that, that some of these prints from like way back in 1545, there's one called The Birth and Origin of the Pope, that this was essentially the first political cartoon ever printed. Because that's another thing too. You have to have a mass medium to spread this idea. And so this was shortly after the pruning press was invented, and almost off the bat, Martin Luther was among the people who were using it to make political statements using cartoons. That's right. And if you're at home saying like, I bet he did that because so many people couldn't read yet. You're exactly right. The printing press was brand new and that changed literacy for the world basically.


But right after it was invented, a lot of people still couldn't read. Right. And so he knew that If you wanted to hit his target audience in the right way, the birth and origin of the Pope was a good way to do it. We'll, we'll describe a few of these that are sort of easy to picture. We're not gonna get in the weeds, I think kind of describing in detail pictures on a, a audio show. But this one is very simple. It was the Pope and the Cardinals being pooped out by She Devil And then Yeah. And then nursed by other, she devils Medusa's breastfeeding. It looks like a bishop in one one part of this. It's, it's really something. And that was, I think, I think I said 1545 and then, yeah, nothing happened for 200 years.


Right. And then a guy came along named William Hogarth and those of you who really, really, really pay attention to the stuff we say might might find that that name rings a bell. And that would be because we talked about William Hogarth in our gin episode. That's right. There was a political cartoon he drew about, you know, drunks basically living at the corner of Beer Street and Jen Lane. And that was Hogarth who's considered the grandfather of political cartoons. He was a serious painter, but then he got into making fun of, of rich folks in London. Yes, for sure.


And he also, it was a social commentary, so it was satire, it was exaggerated. That's another kind of key part of political cartoons. And it, it made a point about, in this case, society rather than politics. And so as, as a result, William Hogarth is considered the grandfather of political cartoons. He was not making political cartoons, but he definitely set out some of the points on the table that would later be picked up actually fairly quickly by printers, publishers, and cartoonists, among whom was Benjamin Franklin who started, he ran what's considered the first American political cartoon back in 1754.


Yeah. So that was only, you know, a couple of decades after Hogarth man Hogarth hoard his earliest work. So it was sort of in the same era. And as we all know, or maybe some people don't know this, Benjamin Franklin ran a newspaper. Yeah. The Philadelphia Gazette. And it was a cartoon. It was a, it was a cut up rattlesnake with each section of the snake being a, a colony. Like, you know, New York had the abbreviation of the colony and it said join or die. Right. And it was, you know, to try and rally people to unify against France in the lead up to the French and Indian War. And he is credited as, even though he, he probably didn't draw this thing, he ran it, he is credited for making the rattlesnake a popular symbol for the colonies of the united, the well not United States yet, the colonies.


Yeah. That's all I need To say. And that's a pretty famous image that cut up snake as far as Yeah. The US is concerned. But that was almost like a little sidestep for political cartoons because again, nothing happened for a good 50 years. And then along came James Gil Ray, he is considered the father of political cartoons. He was drawing satirical images to Lampoon and point out the folly of people in charge in this case. Yeah. The King George III was his favorite, his favorite target because he was British. He was also anti-colonial too. And so there was one very famous one that he did that depicts the Prime Minister at the time, William Pitt with Napoleon carving up the world To eat.


Yeah. It's in the form of a plumb pudding, also known as Plum Poutine and Pit and Napoleon are, are sitting at a table carving it up, just greedily eating the rest of the world. And apparently Napoleon was well aware of James Gil Ray. 'cause he had a pretty great quote, didn't he? Yeah, I, I used to do a good Napoleon I'm not gonna try though. Really? He said he, he, that Gil Ray did more than all the armies of Europe to bring me down. And If you look at this cartoon, it's, it, it really sort of looks like what we know as a modern political Editorial cartoon. It's really, really cool looking, and it looks great. The artist is great, but it just, it sort of has that look, it seems like one of the, or probably the first person who was making these cartoons that look like what we have today.


Right. That's why Gilbert's considered the father of the whole thing. That's right. And he came around, I think that the plumb pudding in Danger was the name of the one we were just talking about. That was in 1805. And at the same time, magazines started being established and founded around this time that were dedicated to satire. So the, the form, the art form of political cartoons and political satirical magazines came together at the very beginning of the 19th century. Not just in Britain, but France turns out France is basically the, the Spears point of satire. Yeah. Did not know that. But that's, it's the truth.


Everybody, I remember when the Charlie Hebdo stuff came out, and we're gonna talk about that toward in the Act three here. But that's when I sort of learned like how, you know, astute and on point, their satire had been for a long, long time. I didn't know that previously. Right. Yeah. Doesn't seem like A very French thing, but I, I don't know, maybe it is. I didn't either. But there was a guy from the early 19th century, I think named re doer and doer actually got in trouble. I think he actually went to prison for, for his political cartoons, right? Yeah. In the 1830s, they, the French government sort of relaxed their laws against censorship.


And so he had a little bit more leeway, I guess to operate. And initially in 1831, he was threatened with a 6,000 frank fine in 1831. That's, I don't know what the conversion is, but that's gotta be a lot of dough. It's 45,000 US dollars today, which you'd think it'd be way more, but that's what did you really Do That? I found a Swedish currency converter. Historic currency converter. So inflation and currency conversions. Yes. Amazing. And that's why you're Josh Clark. I didn't make this website. I just used it, 6,000 Frank fine. He drew a caricature of King Louis Felipe with a pair for a head.


And then when he was threatened with his fine, he put out a possibly one of the first, or the first multi-panel cartoon, a four panel cartoon showing the, the metamorphosis from this king going like, he's the king as a caricature. And now he looks a little more like a pear, a little more like a pear. And then he just has a pear for a head. Yeah. And the whole point was, come on, like the guy looks like a pear and it's ridiculous that you would try to find me $6,000 for pointing out something so obvious. Yeah. And I guess he avoided that fine at the time, but afterward he is like, okay, I really need to, to get in trouble.


So I'm going to create one called Gargantua. And this one was way worse than, than saying the king looks like he has a pear for a head. This was the king giant, like gorging himself on taxes that were being fed directly to him by the poor people. He's sitting on his throne and then he is pooping out, like tax breaks and, and special treatment for the wealthy friends of his. And that one got him in trouble. Yeah. It's a good cartoon. It's, it's like, it's a ramp from the ground straight up to this giant's mouth with people in their wheelbarrows just like walking up and getting in his mouth and being pooped out as as spoils.


It's A great, great piece of art too. Yeah. It's not just the, the political version of, or political aspect. It's beautiful as, as far as art goes. But that got him six months in the hucal, but they let him out and he started working again. King Philippe was asked about this and, you know, kinda like, why are you cracking down on this? But people can have a, a pamphlet printed with words that are very critical of you. And he said, A pamphlet is no more than a violation of opinion, a caricature amounts to an act of violence. You started out with almost a French accent there for a second, and then I Debated it, then I came back, and then it was British for a hot second, and then it was just regal, general regal.


Yeah. It really did evolve that quickly too. Yeah. It failed. So yeah, king Louis Philippe put his finger on something that, that there's something special or something different about a political cartoon that is way different than say a news article or even a photograph. You know, you can make the point, the news article for centuries and centuries could only be read by a select number of people. Everybody could get a political cartoon. But there's something more than that too. There's, there's just something about a political cartoon that people who've been taken down by political cartoons have have been able to put their finger on and, and said, there's, this is way worse than just writing about me for some reason.


Yeah. I, I think that tracks too, even to, like, If you think about in, in like high school, if a teacher caught you writing like a note to your friend that said, you know, Mr. Clark is such a jerk, that hurts. I think that would be taken different than if someone drew a picture of Mr. Clark like bent over being paddled by a line of students or something, you know, Don't you think? Yeah, no, definitely. Or would it be equal? No, it, it would, it it'd be equal unless you put like stink lines coming off of me and then it'd be really hurtful. Oh man. Stink lines. He was the first person to do the stink Lines. I don't know. I'll bet it was a political cartoonist too.


Wasn't that great? So good. Should we take a break? Yeah, let's take a break and we'll come back and talk about one of the more famous political cartoonists of all time. Thomas Nast.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/sy sk that's linkedin.com/syk and you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, your Future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry me slash stuff because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Let's be real. Life happens, kids fill pets shed and accidents are inevitable. That's why you need a washable sofa that can keep up. Our sofas are fully machine washable inside and out. So you can say goodbye to stains and hello to worry-Free living made with liquid and stain resistant fabrics. They're kid proof, pet friendly and built for everyday life. Plus changeable fabric covers. Let you refresh your sofa whenever you want. Need flexibility. Our modular design lets you rearrange your sofa anytime to fit your space. Whether it's a growing family room or a cozy apartment. Plus they're earth-friendly and trusted by over 200,000 happy customers starting at just $699. It's time to upgrade to a stress-free mis proof sofa. Visit washable sofas.com today and save. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Lately I've been learning some stuff about Insomnia, Oria. Oh, how about the one on borderline disorder? Better yet Birth order. Heard that one before, but it was so nice. I Alright, we're back. Josh promised talk of Thomas Nast. He's the most famous American political cartoonist, probably very influential cartoonist of the 19th century.


And that's, you know, early on you were like, what, what was going on back then? Well, the Civil War was going on back then and he was a German immigrant who drew for Harper's Weekly, when Harper's Weekly was really growing in their readership with a lot of pro-union political cartoons. Yeah. There was one that I think kind of tracks with what you were saying. It's not at all funny, but it's super poignant. Right. Called Compromise with the South. Yeah, totally. The Democrats had run on a platform that the Civil War had been a failure up to this point for the 1864 election when Lincoln was standing for reelection and that we should basically work with the South to just forget about the Civil War and, and end this.


And Thomas Nas didn't like that one bit. So this compromise with the south image shows a, a amputee union soldier standing on a crutch, shaking hands with his head bowed, shaking hands with a triumphant confederate officer who's Got Jefferson Davis, Is it Jefferson Davis? Yeah. He's got like his, his boot standing one foot on, on Union Soldier's grave and Columbia, who represents the United States is weeping at that grave. And then also poignantly, there's a union soldier, an African American union soldier and his wife who are now on the southern side and they're shackled.


Yeah. It's back to being slaves. So it's A gut punch man. It Is, it's a, it's, it's, it's a really good example of a, a political cartoon that isn't funny but really gets the point across. And apparently it had a huge impact on America, especially the union, right? Yeah. I mean some people say that had a lot to do with Lincoln getting reelected. Lincoln referred to Thomas Nast at one point as our best recruiting agent, and in the 1868 election, Ulysses s Grant credited his win to the Sword of Sheridan and the Pencil of Nast. Yeah, I had never heard of Columbia, but you'll see in a lot of these political cartoons, Columbia as a representation of America was used a lot.


And I think this is just a guess, I didn't look it up, but it seems like Lady Liberty, statue of Liberty has sort of replaced Columbia as far as the cartoon ship goes because anytime there's like a sort of one of the sad gut punch ones, it's some shameful thing America has done and like Lady Liberty is crying somewhere or something like That. Right. Yeah. I think Uncle Sam also displaced Columbia as well sense. And Thomas Nas is the one who, who popularized the current image of Uncle Sam with his hat and That's right. All that, that was Thomas Nas as well. He had a huge, huge impact as a political cartoonist. Well he did the, he was the guy who came up with the elephant and the donkey for the two political parties.


That's Right. And also popularized our current conception, American conception of Santa Claus. Yeah. Because remember German immigrants are the ones who really brought Christmas to the United States. And Thomas Nest was a German immigrant, so he loved Christmas and yeah, he gave us our version of Santa Claus. The thing that he's most remembered for as a political cartoonist though, is that he is credited with taking down William Boss Tweed, who is one of the most corrupt political officials in the history of the United States. Apparently in a decade he is thought to have stolen a billion dollars from New York City in today's money.


That's incredible. Yeah, he's popped up a lot in our, of obviously our New York centric episodes about the history of New York. Very corrupt person for the, you know, Tammany Hall political machine. And I think Nas had more than 140 Boss Tweed cartoons alone in Harbors. Yeah. So yeah, it was a, it was a big deal. Boss Tweed, very much like King Louis Philippe was aware that like these things were having an effect on them. And he apparently said, stop them damn pictures. I don't care a straw for your newspaper articles. My constituents can't read, but they can't help seeing them damn pictures. And I mean, there was a lot of reporting at the time by some of the New York newspapers like about Boss Tweed and they definitely had some effect on getting him investigated and ultimately put into prison where he died.


But like, you really can't, like you could put all those articles and combine them pretty much equally with Thomas NA's political cartoons and, and be like, this is what, what took down Boss Tree, these two things basically equally. Yeah, for sure. And you know, there a lot of times I think people think about political cartoons as coming from the political left or the, you know, the liberal progressive side. And that is certainly true, but they, you know, all kinds of newspapers have always had political cartoons and all sorts of issues have been attacked from all angles, from political cartoonists over the years.


There have been, you know, plenty of examples of both. And Nas was one of those that was sort of a contradiction. There's, you know, we'll talk a little bit about immigration and political cartoons throughout history. And he was one who kind of hid it from both sides. He, he, he would draw one one year in 1870 criticizing anti-immigration, the the Know Nothing Party. And that was called Throwing Down the Ladder by which they rose and about a year later had political cartoons out, you know, criticizing Irish immigrants as violent drunks taking over the country. Right. Yeah. And this was a time when immigration was huge, huge issue in the United States for probably the first time it would became like a flashpoint, like a issue that you could run an entire campaign on.


Yeah, yeah. For example, there was a, a, a cartoon from 1903 in a, a satirical weekly called Judge called Unrestricted Dumping Ground. Man, this one's tough. It is. And there's a lot going on in this Yeah. Cartoon. There's it's color, which is, it really pops, but Uncle Sam is basically standing at the shores of the United States and there's a bunch of immigrants swimming to the shore, but they're rats with human faces, which number one is unsettling, but number two is really offensive. And they're being dumped out of, basically, it looks almost like a mailbox or something that says the slums of Europe.


And they're, they're, they're being dumped into New York Harbor. And Uncle Sam's just standing there watching, wondering if he can do anything about it. And then William McKinley is floating in like a cloud. The reason William McKinley was featured is because he was president, he was assassinated by a guy named Leo Chash in 1899. And Chash was born in Michigan, but he was considered a, an immigrant because his parents were immigrants. So like, this was the kind of stuff that was being run in papers in magazines at the time, basically saying like, like, immigrants are rats and like, you can't let 'em in. Yeah.


Well, and those rats also, just to further drive the point home, they had labels on these individual human rats that said like mafia anarchist socialists. So it was, you know, pretty on the nose I guess you could say. Right. There was another ad as far as the immigration front goes. Teddy Roosevelt at one point talked about hyphenated Americans being able to vote like that shouldn't happen. Irish American, German American. And this one was from Puck Magazine, which was, was that American? Was that British? Yeah, I thought that was British. I think Punch was British and Puck was American. Oh, okay.


Yeah, yeah. Punch was British. But it had a caption again, uncle Sam saying, why should I let these freaks vote when they're only half American? Right. Yeah. It's a, yeah, it's, it's, it's a really bizarre cartoon. It's tough to describe, but go look that one up. So one of the other things we said is, is that political cartoons sometimes also target policies, social issues. And there was a really good one that Dave turned up called From the Cradle to the Mill that really got across child labor or the need for child labor laws. It's this innocent looking little probably five-year-old kid, I think he's holding a teddy bear still. And this dark ghoulish spirit named necessity.


It's like a grim reaper, basically. Yeah. Essentially has come into the child's house and is taking him by the hand to lead him off to the mill for work. And it really, it gets the point across like, you know, this was from 1912 and if child labor was still an issue to date, you could run it today. It just really just captured what, what the problem was. Yeah. And this was a, a time, you know, we talked about the, in, in France, you know, when the, when the one political cartoonist was put in jail for six months in America at this point, there were limits on freedom of speech. So in 1917, that artist who, who drew that was targeted by the, the Fresh Freshly Passed Espionage Act, which was part of which was an attempt to silence critics of us going into World War I.


And they almost did put him in prison for a cartoon called Having Their Fling. And, and this is a, a pretty brutal one too. And it showed the, like editors, capitalists, politicians, and preachers like cheering entry into, you know, an orgy of death basically. Yeah. That one hits as well. For sure. Speaking of World Wars, world War II was a big kind of accelerator of political cartoons. 'cause by this time, newspapers have really hit in the United States and around the world, but there were a lot of newspapers in the middle of the century, the 20th century. And so World War II like produced a lot of fodder for political cartoons.


One of whom, one of the, the, I don't know if he was one of the most famous at the time, but today one of the most noteworthy was Dr. Seuss, who I think we mentioned in our Dr. Seuss episode, was a political cartoonist for a little while during World War I or two. Yeah, of course. Theore Geisel. Yeah. We did talk about this because some of this stuff, he worked for a, a New York newspaper called PM for I think two or three years in the early forties. Right. And it's, you know, it looks like Dr. Seuss stuff in his total signature style. But he would, would, you know, like some of them would be like against racist and discriminatory hiring practices and policies that are hampering the war effort.


But he also, and we talked about this in the se episode, you know, many years later, was kind of called out for having a lot of racist caricatures drawn in his, in his work. Yeah. Especially there's one of Tojo who ran Japan at the time during World War ii. And the, in just the most racist Japanese stereotype you can possibly imagine, but Dr. Seuss style. Yeah, exactly. So yeah, there was another prominent cartoonist that actually emerged from World War ii, like was drawing Editorial Cartoons on the front lines of World War ii. His name was Bill Malden. I wanna say maudlin so bad, but it's Malden.


Yeah, Me too. And If you see pictures of him when he was, you know, drawing these cartoons during World War ii, he looks like a baby. He looks like the kid that necessity comes and takes from his house to the mill in that 1 19 12 political cartoon. Now I'm looking up a picture of him picture because I didn't actually look up the artist and yeah, he, he looks like a child. He really does. And he came up with two of the most, the most beloved characters, recurring characters in the history of political cartoons, in part because there's not really that many recurring characters in political cartoons. Right. But there were two gis named Willie and Joe, and he just depicted their life Yeah.


In the front lines humorously for the most part, but sometimes kind of poignantly as well. Yeah. And these, a lot of times were just, I don't think we mentioned like, you know, sometimes it'll be a image with a, kinda like at the, the back of the New Yorker with those cartoons, they'll have a caption. These right. Of these, the New Yorker of these is stealing my ideas. Right. Ziggy at the complaint window, Most of these had captions, the Willie and Joe stuff, but not all political cartoons use words at all. Sometimes very few words. Sometimes it's words just in the image, like on a sign or, you know, something like that. But sometimes it's like a character saying something. Yeah. There's one that I think really kind of stands out of Bill Maldens that shows a gi returning from World War ii.


He's sitting in at a, at a table and he is being interviewed by the press and there's a army PR man standing next to him and, and has his arm around his shoulder. And he's speaking on behalf of this gi and he says he thinks the food over there was swell. He's glad to be home, but he misses the excitement of battle. You may quote him and it's just kinda, well, I don't know. I'll leave it to you to decide what it means. Right. Yeah. There's another one here that I'm looking at that's Willie and Joe reading the papers of their, their new, a new soldier brought to the battalion. And the new soldier is clearly like, you know, 13 years old or something. And Willie and Joe, he says, oh, that's okay. The replacement center says he comes from a long line of infantrymen.


Yeah. His uniform is like hanging off of him. Yeah. So clearly making a point about like sending children to war. There was another thing too that was a recurring theme in these, in Maldens World War II cartoons. And that is how important hearing from people back home was to gis. Like getting mail was a recurring theme throughout that. And there was one that I saw that it was like you were saying, there's no dialogue, there's no caption or anything like that, but it's a soldier. And he is sitting there with like, he's, he's sitting down with his back against a tree. He's holding his rifle up, but at his feet is a, a bunch of packages that say do not open until December 25th.


So like he's in battle carrying around this package that he can't wait to open until Christmas. It's like, it's got a touch of humor to it. But more than anything, it really struck me as quite touching, you know? Yeah, yeah. For sure. The one that art artistically is like, I think one of the coolest ones was actually from a, from a German, I mean, I really hate saying this out loud, it was from a Nazi and what was his name? His name was Harold. He was a Norwegian Nazi named Harold Dom sle. And in 1944, he drew a political cartoon. The caption reads, the USA shall save European culture from Destruction With What?


Right. And it's a picture, you know, sort of pointing out all the hypocrisies of America. Like, you know, this, this big winged sort of multi-arm, multi-leg beast made out of a, a drum and a has a Klansman head and holding a money bag and and there's a noose hanging off. It's just crazy looking. It looks like something like Pink Floyd would've used on an album cover. Yeah. It is nuts. It's called Culture Terror, but spelled with a K. And I think terror is spelled differently too, I guess in the Norwegian. Ah, well there, It, there's your band then just call your band that and use that as the album cover Colter Tear. Yeah, that's a great idea.


You're halfway there, but go check it out. 'cause it's, it's striking as just the art alone is striking, but that the Nazis calling out America for our own Misdeeds. Misdeeds. Great. Thank you. That was also carried on by some Americans too. There was a, a black cartoonist named Jay Jackson who drew for the Chicago Defender, which is a black newspaper. And during World War ii, did you see the one of the blind leading the Blind? Yeah, I, I mean, talk about striking. So it's, it's America, it's a figure representing America. And he is leading a figure with a swastika.


So he is representing Germany, I think it even says Germany on the guy. And they're both blind and they're both wearing dark glasses and on the lenses it says race hate. So what he is saying is that like, you know, both of these countries that are fighting this war for moral superiority are both blinded by their hatred of different races. And it's, it's one of the better political cartoons I've ever seen. Again, not funny like you were saying, but still. Yeah. Just an amazing point. Yeah, for sure. We should probably take our last break right before the break, I wanna mention that they've been giving out a Pulitzer Prize for Editorial cartooning. They started at 1922 and Bill Malden won that Pulitzer for his World War II work.


And we'll talk about someone else who won several of those awards right after this.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with an bay. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide, backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long And get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos, hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. Now that's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair every style, every home.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If anyone's ever said you snore loudly or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't sleep on os.com. This information is provided by Lily S-A-L-L-C.


Lately I've been learning some stuff about insomnia. Oria, how about the one on borderline disorder? Better yet birth order That one before, but it was so nice. I learned it. Oh, Okay. Chuck, I just wanna point out, I think we said we weren't really going to describe images. Well, not much.


Yeah. We've been doing it pretty prolifically. I hope it's going well. I can't tell. Alright. No more. So I think we should talk about a guy named Herb Block, or Herb Block was his pen name, cartoon name. And he's considered probably the most important political cartoonist of the entire 20th century. He's got three Pu Pulitzers for cartooning alone and an additional Pulitzer for public service that he got for just excoriating Nixon over the Watergate scandal. Yeah, I imagine if you're a political cartoonist during Watergate, you're, you're kinda licking your chops a bit, you Know? I bet. Yeah, For sure. Or McCarthyism, like he was really around during a fraught, fraught time politically.


Yeah. He drew, just block alone drew more than a hundred cartoons about Watergate between 72 and 74. And that's something that I think it bears pointing out. Political cartoonists are expected to draw a cartoon a day. Like you didn't write an article every day, you didn't go cover something. You drew a political cartoon Yeah. Five days a week to run in the, in the daily newspaper. Yeah. And 25 of them for Saturday and Sunday. Right. And block actually, I mean, I talked about the time that he was there. I mean, it's actually pretty vast. He was there from 46 to 2001. Yeah. So he got to cover quite a bit politically. He coined the term McCarthyism, I think we talked about that in the McCarthyism episode and a 1950 cartoon.


He was definitely, you know, on the, on the left side of the political spectrum because he would go after, you know, environmental polluters and the, and war, the immorality of war, the government, you know, as a whole. And they have named since 2004. The best Editorial political cartoonists is named after him. The Herb Block Prize. Yeah. And I went and looked to see who some of the recent candidates or, or winners were. And there's one that I, I noticed I was looking through current political cartoons and this guy kept coming up. His name was Pedro X Molina, and he draws for Counterpoint.


So he is super lefty. He was a 2024 finalist for the Herb Block Prize, but his cartoons are just on point. He's, I think probably the best working today of the younger generation. Oh, cool. One of the ones that I saw was there's an old, like a, an extension cord outlet. You know, I have like the two outlets that you can plug into. Oh, you sent me this one, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And it just looks old and worn and everything. And one of the outlets says Biden and the other one says Trump. And then, and also in the picture is a Apple charger and that says Gen Z. Like they have nowhere to no, no one to plug plug into plug.


Yeah. Yeah. And it's just, there's no words aside from the names and, and the, and Gen Z and like, it just again, really gets the point across. But I like that guy's work. Yeah. It also, instead of saying Gen Z could have said a lot of America. Right, Right. For sure. So we should finish up by talking a bit about Charlie Hebdo as promised. Early on you mentioned that France was, is has been a hotbed for satire since the, the get go and the radical satirical newspaper, Charlie Hebdo has been around for a long, long time, since 1960. The original motto was mean and nasty and they made you, we probably would not here in the States unless you just are sort of in the know, not known much about Charlie Hebdo had it not been for a couple of tragic events.


Yeah. On, on Halloween day in 2011, they published an in issue number 1011. They retitled instead of Charlie Hebdo, they retitled the issue Chaia Hebdo for Sharia Law. And they were, it was a, a cover in response to the Tunisian News where an Islamist party had won parliamentary elections there. And on the cover it featured a cartoon rendering of the Prophet Muhammad. And the caption read 100 lashes, If you do not die laughing and in Islam, any image of Muhammad is very much forbidden, much less, you know, a cartoon making fun of something.


Right. And violence ensued because of this. Yeah. I think in 2012, no, that same year, 2011. So within a couple months the offices were firebombed, no one was hurt. But in response, and I didn't know this, I thought it was just that cover, that drawing, which is, you know, like you don't do that. That's a violation of, of like a huge violation of Islamic custom to, to make any kinda like you said, picture of Muhammad, let alone making a cartoon. But they, they went even further after the firebombing and they, in 2012 they published more cartoons, one of which was Muhammad naked on all fours.


And that actually from what I can tell, is what triggered the, the, the, the murders of a bunch of the people who worked at the offices in 2015. Yeah. It was two men stormed into the offices, murdered 12 people. This was, you know, the, the biggest news, there's a cat walking around outside my house right now that I do not recognize. Very interesting. Sorry. Just caught me off guard. Yeah, it did. I was like, did one of my cats get out? It's like, nope, it's not one of my cats. It's a burglar. Yeah. Mur murdered 12 people. Probably not the best time to mention that during the middle of this awful, awful retelling, including the editor of, of Charlie Hebdo, four other cartoonists and also went on to kill four Jewish people and then the French police took them out.


Yeah. And so like immediately there were protests in, in marches in France, like millions of people across the country. And basically a meme was developed almost immediately. It was Justwe, Charlie and I, it means I am Charlie. And they were saying like, I'm standing up for freedom of expression, freedom of speech. And that was pretty much the zeitgeist across all of France. Like everyone stood up and supported Charlie Hebdo after that tragedy. And I saw Chuck that 10 years on the 10 year anniversary just came and went this past January. They apparently people have changed their opinions in, in some cases to like 31% of people polled agreed with the idea that Charlie Hebdo brought that on themselves, whereas Oh wow.


That same, the the answer to that question would've probably been in the low single digits right after the Shooting. Yeah. At the time. Yeah. Yeah. Jeez. I thought that was interesting. I mean, how, how different things can change in 10 years, you know? Yeah. I mean in the wake of tragedy like that. Yeah. I'm not saying I agree one way or the other. I just, I just, I think a lot of times opinions change on stuff like that over time. Yeah. For certain people, 10 years is a long time these days. It didn't used to be, but man oh man, a lot can happen in 10 years we've learned to pack it in. So we mentioned early on that there's only 20, like on staff major newspaper cartoonists.


The reason for that, as we all know, is newspapers are, are having a tough time. Declining subscriptions mean they don't wanna have further declining subscriptions by angering readership on either side of the political spectrum. 'cause people might cancel over something like that and they just can't afford that anymore. So people are more sensitive these days. They're sadly, editors are not standing behind their cartoonists like they used to. Yeah, they definitely, and if they flag something they, you know, they'll pull it and the cartoonist may quit or may be fired. Yeah. I mean if people complain about a, a political cartoon, it used to be like, Hey, it's, it's true Now it's like, oh, sorry. And then they, they print a retraction and then fire the political car cartoonist.


That's new. That's, that's the way that the, the industry is changing, but Right. It seems to be pretty much relegated to newspapers and just some newspapers. Right. You know, like Mike Kovich at the A JC, he's one of the premier Editorial cartoonists still working today for a newspaper Man. He's been around for a long, long time. Yeah. And he doesn't pull punches and yeah. I think that a JC is stood behind him every single time. Yeah, that's good. So it's not, it's not like it's going to happen, you know, no matter what newspaper you work at, it just depends on the, usually the outlook of the publisher.


Right. And If you offend the publisher used to be like the editors would talk 'em down, but the editors don't do that anymore. And so you can get fired. And there was a very well known political cartoonist, another Pulitzer winner named Anne Tel. And in 2019, she kind of saw the writing on the wall and she published like a series, or not a series, it was multi, multi-panel cartoon that basically was a, an infographic explaining what political cartoonists do, the danger that they're in right now Yeah. In the United States and as far as like being canceled and fired and then what what the prob what the ultimate problem with that is.


And she essentially says political cartoonists are the canary in the coal mine. If we start getting fired for expressing opinions and views that are legitimate because people don't want to hear that, that is a big red flag. Yeah. That freedom of expression is under attack in your country. And she was saying that's basically happening right now. And she ultimately quit just earlier this year, right? Yeah. She had been at the Washington Post for 17 years and quit because her editors there at the Post refused to publish one of her cartoons based only on her opinion. So it's, yeah, that's kind of the state of things at the Washington Post these days.


Yes. So and across a lot of newspapers. Yeah. Like, again, they're like a, a, a, an a endangered breed, but that's specifically at newspapers. It, it's still a very thriving art form and you can make a really good case that it's, it's still around and very popular. It's just transmuted in a lot of cases to memes. I'll give you an example of when I saw recently it, you know, the, the, this is fine. The dog sitting at the table drinking coffee in a room that's on fire. I haven't seen that. It says this is fine. Great. I don't see any memes though. It's a great meme. But in one panel he's just sitting there and it says, arson is free speech now.


And then the next panel, it's him just sitting there drinking the coffee in the room on fire and he says, this is fine. And that, I mean, it's, it's a meme. Somebody putting together, probably using a meme generator, but you can also make a case that that is, in a lot of ways it bears a strong resemblance to political cartoons. All right. You got anything else? I got nothing else. Okay. Well since we got nothing else, that means this episode is done and it's time for listener mail. This one's Scrabble centric. Before I read this email, we do have to acknowledge that we failed to mention the Ultimate Simpsons reference of course of Qui Bow.


Very, very old Simpsons reference from an early episode where Bart Simpson, I think it was Bart argued for Quidgy Bow, which was just the letters as they appeared on his rack was a word. Right, Right. Okay. So sorry about the Quidgy bow. We get heard from a lot of people, but this is a different email. Hey guys, the real reason I'm writing is tell you about the role of Scrabble in my family's history. My parents loved to play Scrabble and my dad being the kind of guy he was, made up a table to record their stats by hand, using a ruler, both to make sure the lines were straight and the columns are each the same width from page to page. Ended up using five pages or so of very thin lines, he would record the date in the game that was played in the final score.


And my mom's final score, two more columns in which he would track a running total of many games of how many games each of them had won. Besides being a perfect example of my dad, there's also interesting thing about the dates. There are three periods when they begin to play all the time following periods for which they hardly played at all. In between each, my two siblings and I were born That's pretty funny. They're like, why did things drop off for two years? We had other things to do. Exactly. When my dad died, I inherited their Scrabble board and their record was in it, and this is one of my most precious possessions. That is from Reverend Eric.


That's a, that's a sweet email. Thanks a lot, Reverend Eric. That's Great. I can just imagine, man, making your own columns and rows with a ruler. That's dedication right there. I know those dads. I'm not that dad and my dad wasn't that dad, but I've known those dads. Yep. If you wanna be like Reverend Eric and send us an email that tells us how sweet your parents were, we love those kinds of things. You can send it off to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Let's talk about moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity. Doesn't sound familiar. Think about how you've been sleeping lately. If you've had nights where you've been told you snore loudly or choke, or gasp for air and then wake up feeling tired, it may be due to OSA in The us. Moderate to severe OSA affects around 24 million adults. Many are adults with obesity and most cases remain undiagnosed and untreated. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lilly U-S-A-L-L-C.


Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know, so you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime, but when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed Profile. No rabbit holes. Required


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.