
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


Do you know what's at the root of most oral health problems like cavities and gingivitis? Ding, ding, ding. You're right. It's bacteria. And the Colgate Total Active Prevention System is 15 times more effective at fighting that bacteria when used together. The system reduces bacteria buildup in six weeks, starting in week one compared to a non-standard fluoride toothpaste and flat trim toothbrush. Take that mouth bacteria. Be dentist ready. Shop the Colgate Total Active Prevention System by visiting shop.colgate.com/total.


For adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity. Refreshing sleep may be hard to come by and who likes to lag and drag through the day? OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued. Loud snoring, choking, or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't Sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Welcome To Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. And it's just us because we don't know where Jerry is, but that's okay because this is Stuff You Should Know. Oh, well Jerry May have engaged in pseudo side because she's so tired of working with us. Yeah. And she didn't want to tell us. Yeah. That's one reason somebody might want to get out of their life or you know, not for real. But that's what pseudo side is, is Faking Your Own Death. Yeah. And that definitely does sound like something Jerry would do.


Yeah. Like she couldn't bring herself to tell us, so she's like, well, maybe I could just disappear. Right. So, yes. Pseudo side, I'd never known that before. But pseudo side is a different term for Faking Your Own Death. Like pseudo, like fake and side death. That's right. So I don't think side means death. I think it's a little worse than that, but you get the point. Yeah. And I don't remember what brought this up. I just had this idea to, to do this one. I don't remember what it was, but it turns out that there's, there's like a, this is a thing. It's not just something you see in the movies. Like a, a surprising amount. I don't wanna say a lot, but a surprising amount of people have tried this.


Yeah. And it's probable that even more people have tried it than we think because the only ones that we know about are the ones who got caught. Presumably there's plenty of people out there who tried this and were, was successful. Yeah. Or tried it and failed but didn't get caught. Okay, sure. Yeah. That's a good, that's a good point too. I hadn't thought about that one. As you would say, there are three tranches. That's right. I wouldn't say that 'cause I love myself. No, but you're the tranche master. Oh, that's so like 2010, right? I forgot about that. Can you believe that was 15 years ago? Hey, tranches. Tranches were hot.


Yeah, they were. They were all rage. So why would anybody do this? Chuck? I think we should start with that. Well, I mean, one of them I, I listed get out of a personal relationship. I mean I was kind of joking about Jerry, but you know, it would be probably more like I, I wanna leave my, you know, if it's a movie at least, although this happens real life, I wanna leave my family, they're so boring. Yeah. And go set up another life with this new family that's gonna solve all my problems. Right. That's how it works. It seems like the, the most common is probably a financial thing. You're either have some huge debt you're trying to get out of or you're trying to commit insurance fraud to get a big payout or something that's a big, or you've embezzled from your company or something like that.


Yeah, apparently. So Olivia helped us out with this and she found that there seems to have been a, a increase in pseudo suicides or people getting caught trying their hand at pseudo suicide after the 2008 financial crisis. Yeah. That, I mean that, speaking of tranches, So another big one too is If you are about to be incarcerated for a very long time Yeah. And they happen to have let you out on bail, there's a higher likelihood that you're going to try this then say, you know, when you're gainfully employed and you're sitting around reading the newspaper fairly content. Yeah, for sure.


Very sadly. Of course one of the reasons is that that like the sleeping with the enemy method, which is you're trying to escape some sort of abusive situation in your home, whether it's a spouse or a family member or something like that. Right. Or you wanna frame your wife like in the movie Double Jeopardy with Ashley Judd. Yeah. Boy, we're is this 2007, You know what, this really feels like a earlier it does Stuff You Should Know type episode. So let's do it. Let's do it. Tranches everywhere. Ashley Judd appearances. I, we'll figure it out as we go along. Okay. Yeah. Our boss is just coming to us and saying that like there's people that want to put commercials on our podcast and we're saying no, why would we ever do that?


Yeah. And then the other people are saying, what's a podcast? Exactly. So let's see what else. Oh, I think this one's probably, it's pretty niche, but If you are a lottery winner and you have a bunch of family you don't care about Sure. That are coming out of the woodwork, you might try this as well. Yeah, That's true. And here's the thing, If you have that kind of dough, I mean making yourself disappear and Faking Your Own Death is, is not cheap as we'll see. So it is definitely more common for people of great means to try this kind of thing. First of all, they may have the money to pull it off 'cause it can be expensive to like really do it right these days.


Or if you're the kind of person who, you know, defrauded someone or a company of millions and millions of dollars, you know, that puts you in a certain league. I've, I've never had that opportunity to do something like that for Instance. Right. Precisely. So. Yeah. It's just kind of a selection bias almost, you know? Yeah, totally. Men also are more likely to try this or at the very least are more likely to get caught. Yeah. And I could see that being the case rather hub rather than just being Yeah. More likely to do it. And also, again, probably 'cause of selection bias a little bit. Finance bros are likelier than others to try this or at least to get caught too.


Yeah, that makes sense. With just the risky sort of, you know, maybe they got into that hot water because you know, this deal that just couldn't be resisted or whatever. 'cause it's so much Money, bro. Right. It just didn't work out, bro. Here's another interesting thing is it is more common for people to come to the United States to like collect on an insurance policy. Like if you're from another country and then just go back to your home country. Yes. And you just mentioned insurance for the second or third time there. People who work for insurance companies are well aware of all of these things that we're rattling off and more.


Oh yeah. Because as we'll see later on there, there's a lot of stuff that you could do wrong that an insurance investigator's going to pick up on. And we'll, we'll talk more about that. But that's a big part of this whole thing. It's a big reason people do this insurance fraud and it's a big reason people get caught. Insurance investigators. Yeah, for sure. And as we'll see, it's, it's way more common for like the insurance company to hire somebody to find you rather than the cops to come after you. Because the cops are like, well, you know, it's surely no skin off my back. That's right. And the insurance company's like, well they just got millions of dollars from us, so we're gonna, we're gonna do your job. Exactly. We should probably give a pretty big shout out at the outset here to Elizabeth Greenwood.


She's a author, I think her day job as a creative writing professor at Columbia. But she wrote a book, which as far as I can tell is the most exhaustive look at Yeah. Pseudo side anyone's ever created. The, her book was released in 2016. It's playing dead. A journey through the world of death Fraud. And I, I guess she had a conversation with a friend about how she could get out of her student debt and somebody said, you should fake your own death. She said, you know, that's a great idea for a book. And here we are ipso facto talking about it now. Yeah. And she, she actually went through part of the process just to actually go through it to see how hard or easy or expensive it was to write about it.


She didn't go through with it, but she went as far as finding out where this is, you know, when you talk about something sort of unusual like this seems like there's always like, oh well you need to go to this place. 'cause they just got the market cornered on that. Whether it's like, you know, Swiss bank accounts or offshore accounts, you know, they have it set up so you can do this kind of stuff. And apparently that place for pseudo side is the Philippines. Yeah. Who knew for, for sure. That's another thing too. If you died in the Philippines, your insurance claim is going to get investigated. Yeah. Pretty thoroughly. Yeah. Just because of that. Yeah. So Elizabeth Greenwood is not the first person to try this, but just based on her experience, she found that you can pretty easily find people who are, are more than happy to assist you with this for a fee and a relatively cheap fee.


Especially considering the type of documentation you get. I think for a couple hundred dollars you can get an official death certificate from the Filipino government. And that's a big part of why the Philippines is so like the hot, the center of all of this, because the, you're not getting forged documents. You're getting false official documents. Yeah. Because you know, somebody's got a friend on the inside and they're taking bribes and like, so you're getting good actual documentation. It's just all based on falsehoods. But that's not it. It, it doesn't end there. You like, just hold your, hold your credit card for another second because they're gonna double this offer.


Yeah. I mean, it, it's sort of like any service, they're like, well If you just want the birth certificate, you can get that for a couple of hundred bucks, but that's probably not gonna be enough these days. Back in the old days, that was probably all you needed. It used to be way easier to get away with this kind of thing. Yeah. Their driver's licenses didn't even have pictures on them. Yeah, Exactly. It's Nuts. But If you really want to, you know, go through with a, like the second tier service, you can get like a kit that may have a new identity for you. You could have like a new passport in there, A new birth certificate, maybe. Something like that. Yeah. Or If you really want to go with the, like the deluxe package, you can spend, you know, tens of thousands of dollars to get somebody like, almost like concierge service for someone who's like, I can erase your tracks.


I can make it like you were never here. I can make sure you don't get caught. I can get people to, we can cook up a story and I can get witnesses to testify that they saw this car wreck and pulled your body out of the wreckage and you know, we know people that work in morgues and hospitals and If you want to pay the money, we can really, really do this thing. Right. Yeah. We can get you an actual dead body. You want a dead body, I can get you dead body by 3:00 PM Right. And that's gonna probably, that's gonna sit in for you. Apparently this really kind of drives it home. If there's a cadaver and you're not just missing, presumed dead, that's definitely gonna help your Yeah.


Your pseudo suicide become successful. Like you said, there's black market morgues that essentially If you're unidentified or unclaimed in the Philippines, there's a chance somebody's going to hang onto your body and you might be sold to fulfill someone's pseudo suicide attempt. And it's not just the Philippines either. I saw at least one story here in Georgia. I think Coffee County, God knows where that is, where the, this, this, I guess a undertaker at a funeral home had a ton of bodies that he supposedly buried that he was selling for this reason or for other reasons. But also this was one of the things you could buy a body for.


And even like a legitimate funeral home has an incentive to just kind of be like, yeah, it's nice to meet you cousin Ed, just give me the money and you can take this body. Right. Okay. Now I know where we did this. We did a video about this. Oh yeah. Yep. I knew we had done something, but I looked up the podcast and we hadn't, we did something, we did some kind of video on this 'cause it may have just been centered around the Coffee County thing. 'cause as soon as you said Coffee County, I was like, wait, there was a, there was a guy there that did this. So Yeah, it is 2008. It's all over again. We need to make this episode 12 minutes long. Yeah.


Oh great. Here's my question though. The idea is that you get this body and have it cremated and you pass off those human remains or CRE remains. But how does that work with DNA? Like why don't you, if that's the case, why can't you just get CRE remains? I think cremation destroys DNA pretty good. So why don't they just say like, here's a bag of teeth and ashes. Some people do. Okay. I I don't, yeah, I think so. Elizabeth Greenwood, those Filipino guys, I guess they're trying to upsell her, but she said that some, like, they offer like not just a corpse but a fake funeral. They'll stage a funeral. Oh yeah. A real funeral. But there's like the mourners there are paid, there's photographs of, you know, people at your funeral that if the insurance company asks for something like that to document it, you've got it.


But she's like, this is all very unnecessary. Just like what you said, you, you just have the cremains and it's like, well, you know, what are you gonna do? This is supposedly the dead person. It makes way more sense. It's way cheaper. It's way less of a hassle. And like I was saying, some legitimate funeral homes, like if you're, if the laws in your country say one of the roles you play is like taking over custody Yeah. Of like unidentified people. Like say a homeless person who dies, you're responsible for giving them a respectful burial. If you go to one of these places and say, oh yeah, that's my, that's my cousin. Yeah. And they're, they're gonna be like, here, gimme some money and Right.


And You know, you can handle everything from there. Yeah. And, and again, if, I mean, if you're trying to commit insurance fraud or something that's gonna ramp up investigatory practice, most certainly from the insurance company, maybe the cops, depending on kinda what's going on. And obviously if you're escaping justice, stuff like that. But if, if that's not what you're doing. If you're just trying to get out of your life for some like sad reason maybe and especially If you go to another country and do this, law enforcement in America is probably not gonna do anything. No. They're gonna say God speed because it's Not a crime specifically. And maybe we should take a break and that's sounds like a good place to leave it. A I agree. Alright, we'll be right back after this with more on PS side Stuff.


You Should Know Josh and Chuck Stuff You Should Know.


As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your mind is on your business 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. That's right. When you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. Yeah. You can post your job with LinkedIn's new feature that helps you write job descriptions and then quickly get your job in front of the right people with deep candidate insights. That's right. And you know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is the quality of the candidates. And with LinkedIn, you can feel confident that you're getting the best. Yep. So post your job for free at linkedin.com/syk. That's linkedin.com/syk to post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply


for adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity. Refreshing sleep may be hard to come by and who likes to lag and drag through the day. OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking, or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily USA LL C.


Hey everybody, here's an interesting fact. The most common disease in the world is cavities. It's also one of the most preventable, which brings us to the Colgate Total Active Prevention System because it attacks the root cause of oral health problems like cavities and gingivitis. Yeah. Spoiler alert its bacteria. The system is 15 times more effective at fighting bacteria. It reduces bacteria buildup in six weeks, starting in week one compared to a non stanis fluoride toothpaste and flat trim toothbrush when used together. Together it's Some cool science too. The unique technology in the toothpaste was recognized with the Edison Patent Award, which honors outstanding research and innovation. But this is about more than impressive awards and healthy smiles. Oral diseases can increase the risk of other health conditions such as respiratory disease, diabetes, and cardiac conditions. With the Colgate Total Active Prevention System, you can help prevent problems like cavities and gingivitis before they start, which may make a positive impact on general health conditions. Be dentist ready. Shop the Colgate Total Active Prevention System by visiting shop.colgate.com/total.


All right. So before we broke, I mentioned before that it used to be way easier to get away with this kind of thing. I think this probably happened a lot more back in the day. As with all crime, it's just gotten more difficult to get away with that stuff besides DNA facial recognition technology and video cameras on everyone's front doorstep and the surveillance cameras that cities have employed all over, you know, major cities all over the world. It's just really hard to not get caught on one of these eventually. And someone say, Hey, the guy going into that Italian restaurant there is totally my dad. I would recognize him anywhere. Right, right.


I thought those doorstep cameras were to create a sense of community. Like you would find out what a great person your UPS driver was. Isn't that what they're for? I think so. 'cause they, they pet your kitty. Right. It just tangentially helps to track people who have fake their own death. Yeah. Or to, in my case, to post on the internet when, when squirrels attack is what I call my show. Right. It's a great show. Emily sent me one yesterday. She was like, Hey, take a look at the doorbell cam at 1211. And she tripped going up the stairs in a very, very funny way. And so she made sure I saw that. Are you gonna post it? No, no, no, no.


You should post it to Yankee Sachs. I might do that. Actually. One of the, so yeah, there's a lot of ways that you can get caught these days and ways you might not have thought of. Here's a word to the wise. If you're going to try to stage your death and everybody who has anything to do with the research of this article says, don't bother, you're going to screw it up probably. Yeah. You had better researched every single aspect you can possibly think of and started a long time before it would really help If you had thought about this 10 years ago. Yeah. The, the, at least the best time to start planning your pseudo side is 10 years ago.


The second best time is today, but it's not really a good time. Second best, that's the old saying. But If you had started thinking about it 10 years ago, you could have really actually given this identity, your new false identity legs by like getting credit cards in its name, building a credit history. Like it would be way easier to step into that life than say, like, you know, for figuring out what tour is and then buying like a false identity the same day. Yeah. You wanna plan it better than that. Yeah. I feel like in movies, a lot of times that's the, the giveaway is they'll, they'll be like, well, you don't have any credit history and I really can't find anything about you.


But if you've got a, you know, a a list of cable bills and a credit history and stuff that goes back, you know, 10 years, it's like just having your ID isn't enough. Yeah. If, If you have a history already built up. I mean, this guy, it was an artist in 2013 named Curtis Wallen who did it as sort of performance art, like as a project. And he created an alter ego and he got a driver's license, he got an ID certifying him as a member of a indigenous Native American tribe. He got a boat operator's license. Like that's, that's kind of a deep cut, I think. Yeah, I think so too.


I think, you know, that's the kind of thing where you're like, would a fake person have a boat operator's license? Yeah. For a decade. Exactly. He got insurance, like, If you have all this stuff, then all of a sudden you're just not as suspicious. I think. No, he went even further too. Like he disguised his, his his look, I guess. Yeah, you gotta do that by I, I guess so yeah, for like your, your ID because it would be very easy for somebody to scan a, a database of driver's license is looking for somebody's face that's easy peasy these days. But what he did was he took a, his driver's license photo and then merged it with a couple other people's features to create an entirely synthetic new person.


And that's what he used for his photo. I guess it was close enough that If you showed it to somebody, they wouldn't be like, what is this weird thing? Yeah. You look like a Picasso, but like it would still fool facial recognition. Yeah. And well, and of course like you said, he's photoshopped these days, so it could be very easily done with AI much quicker. Sure. I'm old school though, remember this is 2010. Yeah, That's right. This new Photoshop thing is amazing, isn't It? It is. And I don't know what the heck you mean by ai. Someone's gonna write and be like, Photoshop was created in 1997. It probably was actually. Yeah, Probably somewhere in the nineties. He also, the, the way he started all this was created a, an email address and then, you know, it seems pretty logical.


He used the private tour browser and he got in touch with someone on Craigslist anonymously and said, I wanna buy this computer, I wanna pay cash. Cash, as you'll see, is a big part of all this. Yes. Anytime you wanna do this, have a lot of cash on hand. We're not instructing you on how to do this. No, it's kind of coming out that way though, huh? It is. And again, if you're doing something like this, you've either, you're either bad person who's done something we are wrong, or you've had something done very wrong to you, which is very sad. So again, we're not making light of it, but he bought that computer with cash. He sort of disguised himself when he met up and then he used more cash to buy a Bitcoin at a computer shop, like a brick and mortar store.


Right. So Bitcoin is obviously, you know, converting, If you have holdings or whatever you want to convert to Bitcoin, that's a, or cash, it's a better way to do it than obviously having that in your name, but that's very hard to do these days. Like everything can be tracked and traced so much easier now. Yeah. Including Bitcoin. Although the Bitcoin transactions themselves are anonymous, the, or who's buying what is anonymous? The actual transi transaction is public. Yeah. And it's publicly listed in the Bitcoin blockchain. And If you, if, if your real name is associated somewhere down the line with say your Bitcoin wallet and the feds track a Bitcoin to go to your wallet, they know that you have just bought a Bitcoin and so they can follow you and see what you do with that Bitcoin.


So it's really, really hard, even with cryptocurrency to remain anonymous, which is another reason that you would want to do this years ahead of time. You mentioned buying everything with cash. You don't want to, on the day before you disappear and, and like allegedly die, you don't want to clean out your bank accounts. That's a big, big red flag That is Bush league, right? Yeah. Twenties And hundreds will be fine. Right, Exactly. Just put it in this garbage sack. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Don't look at me. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, you wanna have been socking away cash, maybe burying it in mason jars in your yard, who knows?


While you also have your regular legitimate bank accounts that you do not touch when you leave, because dead people don't withdraw a bunch of money from their accounts the day before they die. It's just a bad look. So it's another reason to start planning this long ahead of time If you have any, any opportunity to. Yeah. And I mean, like, you know, we've listed a bunch of ways you can get caught. It turns out that the way most people get caught when they attempt a pseudo side is getting in touch with someone from their previous life. Yeah. If this is the kind of thing you wanna do, you have to, and this is how it plays out in the movies too. I feel like you gotta really, really commit to this and decide like, I am never gonna see my kids again, or I'm never gonna call my mom on her birthday or anything.


You have to completely disappear from that life because, especially once again, I ha I hate to say it again these days it's very easy to, to track email and phone calls and everything else. And it's gonna be very easy If you put in that birthday call to mom just one last time a year after you're dead. Yep. There'll be like your, your toast man, we caught you. Yeah. There was another one. Did you mention the pet chip? No. But yeah, that's one you probably might not be thinking of. Yeah. You could easily overlook something like that. Let's say you take your dog or your cat with you right? You took 'em out on the boat and the boat capsized, so sure they're dead too.


If they're microchipped, you might have forgotten that you ever had a microchip. Your pet can pretty easily be tracked and if they track down your pet, they're gonna track you down too. So, good point. Yes. I think if we're, if we're, if we're getting across that this is really hard to do successfully, I feel like then, you know, we're really achieving our goal. Yeah. But again, I'm not, I'm, again, I'm not gonna feel too bad about giving semi instruction here because believe it or not, it's not a crime. Usually stuff you do to get away with this is a crime. It could be, and, and let's just put like insurance fraud aside that maybe the reason you're doing it, but the actual doing it, the act of doing it, you're probably gonna be breaking some laws, even if it's just like fake dental records or any kind of untrue, even writing a a fake suicide letter could be considered forgery or fraud, I guess.


And, and then If you take on a new identity that's identity fraud. Right. Even if you're not, like, it's not identity theft that which is different even if you're not stealing someone else's identity. Like Don Well I'm not gonna spoil something from a TV show Oh, Because it's 2008 almost blurted it out, but I don't wanna do that. But Don Johnson from Miami Vice. Yeah, sure. Let's just say that. Okay. All I said was Don like stealing someone's identity. Like let's say like you were in the army with, or you, well, let's go ahead and ruin the Simpsons. Principal Skinner did that, right? Yeah. Armand Tanzer. Yeah. You know, my favorite, my favorite line From that episode is I was about to say to you, go ahead though.


What if it's the same line? Wouldn't that be fine? It is. Do you think it is? Go Ahead with the superintendent or whatever he says. I'd like to introduce our, our new principal Seymour Skinner. Principal Seymour Skinner. Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. Very funny. That was a, a weird episode. Yeah, Agreed. So you said that If you steal someone's identity, like that's obviously a crime for sure. If you make up a completely false identity, it like you didn't steal it from anybody, it's just completely made up, made, you're still eventually going to make a crime or Create a crime. Well that's, I that's what I said. That's identity fraud.


Okay. So even If you, so you said that even if it's just totally made up, it's still identity fraud. I did, sir. Okay, good. Because yes, eventually you're going to have to legalize it and once you do that, you're in trouble. There's a lot of laws you're suddenly breaking. The, the thing is though, is there was something you said earlier about the cops is kind of being like, they can't really be bothered. It, depending on how well you execute this and where you go, like say you move to another country, it's gonna be tough for the cops to, to track you even if they really want to. Everyone who's ever seen a movie like Beverly Hills Cop or whatever knows that the captain is gonna be on that detective's butt to, to clear that case and go ahead and move on to the other ones.


'cause they have a backlog. Yeah. So they're not gonna track you to New Zealand. They're, they're just gonna have to like move on, get another take on another case that's maybe a little closer that doesn't involve New Zealand. But again, If you, it has anything to do with insurance fraud, there's probably going to be an insurance investigator who will show up in New Zealand disguised as a sheep and then pounce the moment that you walk past. Yeah. Or if it's not insurance, certainly If you have defrauded a, a corporation or a bank or something like that for like tens of millions or maybe even hundreds of millions of dollars. Right. They'll, They'll hire some PIs to get on that case.


Pretty toot sweet. For sure. And since this is 2008, 2010, a guy to give the obligatory shout out to Magnum pi. Right? That's right. 'cause that's when he was most popular. Well, that's when I loved him the most. No, I Oh, has has your love waned. I think I I just started taking him for granted. Same old story. Yeah, I understand. Happens to all of us in a long relationship. You wanna take another break? Yeah, let's take a break and we'll maybe we'll dive into that. What an insurance company might do to, to find you. How about that? Oh, good idea Stuff. You Should Know Josh and Chuck Stuff You Should Know.


For adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity, refreshing sleep may be hard to come by. And who likes to lag and drag through the day? OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA, don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily USA llc.


Hey everybody, here's an interesting fact. The most common disease in the world is cavities. It's also one of the most preventable, which brings us to the Colgate Total Active Prevention System because it attacks the root cause of oral health problems like cavities and gingivitis. Yeah. Spoiler alert it's bacteria. The system is 15 times more effective at fighting bacteria. It reduces bacteria buildup in six weeks, starting in week one compared to a non stanus fluoride toothpaste in flat trim toothbrush when used together. It's some cool science too. The unique technology in the toothpaste was recognized with the Edison Patent Award, which honors outstanding research and innovation. But This is about more than impressive awards and healthy smiles. Oral diseases can increase the risk of other health conditions such as respiratory disease, diabetes, and cardiac conditions. With the Colgate Total Active Prevention system, you can help prevent problems like cavities and gingivitis before they start, which may make a positive impact on general health conditions. Be dentist ready. Shop the Colgate Total Active Prevention System by visiting shop.colgate.com/total.


Hey everybody, we wanna talk to you about Squarespace and in particular, If you have a great idea that you want to sell on the web. Well, Squarespace makes it easy to sell access to content on your websites. That's right. You can do online courses, you can do blogs, videos, memberships. You can even earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. Simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. That's right. And you can get your content discovered fast. With integrated SEO tools, every Squarespace website is optimized to be indexed with meta descriptions and autogenerated sitemap and more. So you show up more often to more people in global search engine results. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff S-T-U-F-F to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain.


Okay. So we're back and you said you promised everybody without consulting me first that we would start talking about what life insurance companies will do to find you. Yes. I guess we could start talking a little bit about what might, like, what might trigger this as far as an insurance company saying like, alright, we definitely need to, to use our own resources here, aside from cops saying that they're not gonna help out much. And that is the first trigger is if your policy has a a payout over a million bucks, they'll be like, all right, that that's worth our time and money. Yeah. That's like apparently they think of basically any payout under a million dollars is small potatoes. So Yeah. So, so Mr. Clark, no, his was just $999,999 and 99 cents.


That's Exactly right. Brush that one aside. Forget about it. Ba yeah. Basically anytime your death is sudden unexpected or suspicious in any way, they're going to, they're gonna investigate, not necessarily because they think you've committed death fraud, but because Right. They, they need to investigate anyway to rule out something like suicide because there might be an exception for suicide on your policy. Yeah, that's a big one. They also look for inconsistencies. If there's any kind of inconsistency on, say like a, your driver's license or so your death certificate or something like that, that's going to catch their attention too. This is all just preliminary stuff they're looking at before they really decide to get involved in an investigation even.


Yeah. You mentioned the Philippines as being like the biggest red flag, but really any claim involving a death in a foreign country is gonna get investigated just to sort of dot the i's and cross the t's. Maybe they might be a little suspicious, but it, it definitely will get investigated. And also if you're like every, everything, like just send everything to my PO box, that's, that's a pretty big red flag. Yeah. Or even like a, a friend's address would be a, a red flag as well. Yeah. What else? If you're super thirsty for a in life insurance policy and they find out that you've applied with a bunch of different carriers all at the same time, that's gonna raise red flags, especially if the payout is substantially disproportionate to your net worth.


So you're worth $300,000 or $50,000, but the payout is like $10 million. Yeah. That's just, just by virtue of that being very tantalizing, it's going to be, it's gonna be a red flag. Yeah. Here's a pretty good one that I didn't think about. If they'll look up their, their insurance client or whatever and they'll be like, Hmm, this is weird. Josh Clark went and picked up a year's worth of his heart medication all at once and then right after that went to visit one of his relatives that he hasn't visited in a decade. So this sounds a little shady to me. Yeah. I, I have to take that medicine because my heart's so big and tender.


Right. I know. You just have to, it's, it would burst out of your chest otherwise. Yeah. And then also there's some missteps that people who try this often make one is staying in the same city that's Yeah. Don't do that. That's mindbogglingly dumb if you're trying to fake your own death. Yeah. If I were to do this, I guarantee no one would find me. No, because you wouldn't do it like you're lazy. I could disappear into another country quite well, I think. Oh yeah. I mean, you're pretty famous. Come on. Not that Famous. You're famous enough that somebody would, would narc on you.


And so if I just went, well, I'm not gonna say the country just in case I wanna keep it in my pocket. I was thinking that too, man. After all the research I've been doing that is surely just hanging around in my browser history, if I ever tried to fake my death, it, it would be pretty obvious that I tried it just from all the research for this one. Yeah, for sure. You also don't wanna, like, there, there's lots of e mistakes you can make, like electronic mistakes, whether it's cell phone stuff or Googling yourself from a internet cafe and, and in the Philippines or, you know, stuff like that that could get you pinched. Yeah. And then also If you, if your new identity is pretty close to your old identity, right.


That might be, you might wanna go slightly further to the left or the right for your new identity. Not even politically, I just mean like veer. Oh, I didn't think about that. Yeah. If you adopt a complete, if you're known for being like whatever, like a, a MAGA Republican and you adopt a new identity as this progressive liberal, pretty smart move probably. Yeah. There's this guy named Josh Clark who is a Republican that who I think is in the Georgia House. I could just take over his life. Yeah. And still be Josh Clark, but a totally different Josh Clark. Yeah. What else, Chuck? Anything? I mean those are all the things that would trigger like an insurance investigation pretty Much.


Yeah. Yeah. Yes. So like we said, Chuck, this is like, this happens, people do this and when they get caught it makes the news. So there's pretty good documentation of people all over the world trying. This one that comes up quite a bit is a German student who in 1984 was 24 years old, her name is Petra Pika. Yeah. And she went missing from brown wig, brown schwag Germany. Nice work. I'm not doing very well with This. No, that's perfect. Brown schwag makes me hungry for some sort of sausage. Yeah, it totally sounds sausage. Yeah. So she was reported missing right?


In 1984. She was 24 at the time, I think you said. And at a certain point, police got a guy that confessed to her murder. So that was like a, a case closed kinda situation even though the body wasn't found. And the guy later said, I, I actually did not kill her. He recant, recanted his confession. So she was declared dead, dead, dead about five years later in 89 and lived quite a while with a sort of hidden identity. Yeah. She finally got caught. She, she had turned, it turns out she had been living by it by working, being paid under the table. She seems to have had like no credit or any, any need for anything like that.


She was just living a very modest, quiet life, paying for everything with cash. So she got away with this for more than 25 years and she was burgled at some point she called the cops and I guess just as routine, they asked to see her ID and she hadn't bothered to get any other kind of id. So she's like, you caught me, I'm Petra Pika. And they said, we've been looking for you forever. And apparently they did not press any charges. Yeah. 'cause they couldn't find any crime that she'd actually broken. She didn't defraud anybody. She hadn't gotten any false documents. She just left her life essentially. No one knows why. That's the weird thing.


Yeah. So they said Guten tag and they left, I guess. Yeah. But even after her being found out and, and being and like the, the story being huge international news, she just wouldn't say why she did that. She just said, do I don't want to contact my family. Yeah. And there are other cases too where police have like in the, in the interview or whatever, found out why and don't release that to the public. Like it's, it's probably some sort of really sad, tragic situation and the, I've seen police statements where they're like, you know, we had an interview and we understand why this happened, but there were no crimes committed and why it happened is Nya. Yeah.


I think this is not actually that case. I saw somewhere, if I'm not mistaken, that her family was baffled by why she left and why she didn't wanna see them. No, no, no. This was, I wasn't talking about this One. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. And hats off to any cop that protects somebody like that, you know? Totally. I'll mention this one, this guy Sam Israel ii, he was a hedge fund manager and he was, you know, this is one of those deals where he stole $300 million, was sentenced to prison a couple of decades in prison. So it was one of those back up against the wall. I'm going to jail and I'm in debt up to my eyeballs now.


Or I guess that even wouldn't count as debt anymore once you're going to prison. That's just, You know, you were found out. Sure. And in June, 2008 he wrote a message, suicide is painless and the pollen on his SUV just kinda traced it out and jumped from a bridge in New York state very conveniently landing on that construction net below that is So scary. Pretty scary. But I guess, you know, it it, you know, that's there to catch people, I guess. Sure. So he went to that very specific bridge for that reason. And security cameras caught him literally getting up in another car in an SUV that pulled up and it was like, you know, the sound was off, but I'm sure they heard like, woo-hoo, we did it.


Yeah, we did. And like they honked their horn and they got in touch with his girlfriend, arrested her as a possible accomplice. He was on the most wanted list because it was, you know, pretty clear what had happened at that point. And he got found out because he called his mom Who said, you need to turn yourself in. This is a terrible idea. And you were a terrible, terrible pseudos. Yeah. You did not do. And it seemed, you know, here's some other advices If you do this. Like, don't go out to dinner to celebrate the next night. 'cause a few people get caught at at dinner it seems like. Yeah. That actually that does happen to a surprising degree. My favorite is John Stonehouse, who was a huge, this was a big deal in the UK in the mid seventies because he was a member of parliament and in 1974 he went missing off the coast of Miami when he went for a swim.


Oh, that was one other thing. If you are, If you disappear in the water, you're automatically going to get investigated by an insurance company because it is just so oldest trick. Yes, it it is. So he went, this is before that though. He, he made it to Australia. He ran off with his secretary and as he, while he was dead in parliament, people started raising allegations against him. One was that he had enemies in the mafia, another was that he was a spy for Czechoslovakia. That turned out to be true weirdly. And then finally there, a woman came forward and, and later on and said, this guy came to my house.


He was, he said he was a census taker, a survey taker, and he started asking really weird questions about my husband. Like, did he ever have a passport? So eventually he was found, I think in Australia and he Just like a month later. Yeah. He just had, he had to come forward and basically tell everybody what had happened. Right. Yeah. And the, well, I guess it's not funny, but the movie, or I'm sorry, the, I guess the novel, I don't think the movie had come out yet. Day of the Jackal by Frederick Forsyth had been published a few years before and it, and it appears that he literally kind of followed the steps of how to obtain a false identity from that book.


Kind of note by note. Yeah. That's why he was asking about the passport. He took a constituent's name who had never had a passport and then got a passport in his name. So, yeah. Yeah. I'll pick one more for me. In 2009, there was a guy in his mid thirties from Indianapolis, a money manager manager named Marcus Shrinker. He staged a plane crash. He was trying to get outta lawsuits and divorce proceedings and he got a bunch of cash, put it in his motorcycle, saddlebags, went to Alabama, put it in a storage facility. So he had the cash kinda worked out. Then he took his, his very small little single prop airplane from his house in Indiana and was flying above Alabama radios to air traffic control that, you know, he's going down, something's wrong.


He does a DB Cooper, he parachutes out the plane crashes in Florida, and the next day he emails his friend and tells him what he did. Right. Bro. Man, that was dumb. Yeah. We could keep going on. There's a lot of these, but those are, I think those are some of the highlights, don't you? Yeah. We should probably close by talking about another kind of pseudo side, which is a faked online desk. It's, it's usually not like an insurance fraud or anything like that, but it's a, a symptom of what they used to call monk housing syndrome and now they call it FD or fictitious disorder. Again, previously monk housing syndrome.


Where, where you will try and get, you know, it's, it's tied into mental illness, but you're, it's a disorder where you're trying to get sympathy by playing sick or faking sick or actually having sometimes real symptoms of something but you're not sick. Right. And this is taking that one step further, which is to get that sort of attention that you're craving or, or whatever you're after through actually f faking an online death. And it's happened in some pretty high profile cases. Yeah, it has. And to be clear, this is way different from somebody trying to defraud an insurance company or escape from an abusive spouse. This is strictly because they want attention, they want sympathy and or they want to control other people and manipulate them.


It's way different. There's a, like you said, a very high profile one that what happened in, at the dawn of the internet, people have been doing this essentially since there was an internet. Yeah. The, a woman, a teenager, a basketball star named Casey Nicole. Yeah, I remember this. She was a, she was a, I guess kind of like a, a little star of the chat forums and, and that kind of thing. Had a big kind of support group online and she had leukemia. So she posted about her, you know, her, her disease and, and decline from it. That was started in 1999.


And in 2001, in May of 2001, there was a notice that appeared on her blog that said that she had passed away and people were just stricken by this. Yeah, I do remember this happening. It was pretty big in the news at the time. 'cause again, it was a don on the internet, so people were like, what is the internet being used for already? Right. So some of our followers had, had previously, you know, saw some sort of hinky things going on in her stories. Some of the medical stuff wasn't really making much sense as far as like how leukemia progresses. And then apparently she would quote a bunch of song lyrics that were not from her generation, which isn't the, the biggest giveaway, You know, you can listen to music from any generation, but it, it just is shady enough combined with the other stuff that we're like, why is this teenager quoting, you know, songs from the sixties, all of us, you know, all over the place.


Right. I, I didn't look deeply enough into it to find out how she was finally outed. But a 40-year-old woman named Debbie Swenson admitted that she was behind the whole thing that Casey Nicole had never existed. She stole the photo of a local girl basketball stars picture or her photo and used that as Casey. And I mean, that was that like, I guess the police department told the FBI about it and the FB i's like, no, we're not gonna investigate this. She didn't actually defraud anybody or make any money off of it. She just probably needs a little bit of help. Yeah. So that's, that's bad enough saying that you, you creating a fictitious teenager who's dying of leukemia pretty bad, telling people that you, the real you has died by suicide.


There was a article in Gizmoto that interviewed a, a professor of psychiatry named Mark Feldman, and he puts it pretty clearly. He says, because of the social stigma involved and the emotional weight associated with suicide, it's particularly powerful and that If you use that to manipulate people, you're at the, you're, you're at the peak of manipulativeness. And that's exactly what author named Susan Meecher Mechan did in 2020, I think. Right. Yeah. I I totally remember this one. This is a very big deal. She was a self-published romance author and she had a, you know, a decent following on Facebook. And in 2020 in the voice of her daughter posted that her mom had died by suicide after being bullied in the book world.


Yeah. And it was a very big deal. It was a very shocking revelation that, you know, this woman had been bullied to death basically. And the writing community was all up in arms about it and like, you know, can like, see this is what can happen with online bullying, which what really stinks is that is absolutely what can happen with online bullying. Right. But this woman was lying, her daughter continued to post on, or you know, in, in scare quotes, her daughter continued to post to the account and they, someone pointed out that they recognized a little quirk in her writing was that Mechan would say, instead of supposed to, she would type post two POST two, like, I'm supposed to do this and that little quirk Like PJ from Family Circus.


Yeah, Exactly. And that little quirk writing as her daughter gave it away. Yeah. So she, she was outed, I think she carried this on for two years and then she suddenly showed back up in her community, her writing community forum and said, Hey, I'm alive. This is all just a fake. She said, there's gonna be tons of questions. Let the fund begin. Yeah. You can't imagine a more arrogant way too re-announce that you didn't actually die. So people of course were appalled and angry and it, like, she, she was, I think, I think she expected people to be like, oh my god, thank God you're alive. That was amazing.


Yeah. And it did not go like that at all. No. She became reviled and hated and I think rightfully so. That's a really horrible thing to do to people. And also on top of it to exploit online bullying. Yeah, totally. You know, just for your own, your own ego. It's just, that's terrible stuff. Yeah. Agreed. There's one more I want to just really quickly point out. This has happened more than once. So people have faked their death online to get out of some obligation. I read about a a somebody on a, Like a meeting at work, Kind of, this was so one, one knitting forum participant died rather than say like, I'm not able to, to come up with the patterns that I said I could.


That was one. Yeah. Another one was a Percy Jackson fan fiction site At that somebody staged their death online because they, they couldn't deliver some fan fiction that they said they would. Yeah. Pretty weird stuff. At least it's less manipulative, it's just being afraid of confrontation. I guess That's right. Since Chuck just said That's right. I think it's time for listener mail. This is about libraries A little bit more. Hey guys. As you mentioned in the recent short stuff on ALT libraries, I wanted to mention this. In 1901, Andrew Carnegie funded the construction of dozens of libraries in all five boroughs of New York City and most of the bu these buildings came with a family apartment, which housed the custodian, who kept the coal fire me burning the furnace.


As the furnaces were replaced and the custodians retired, the apartments set empty. Some of the apartments are still intact, while some have been converted into storage mechanical rooms or as did the case in the library where I work, a teen center thought you might be interested in this little slice of New York City and library history. There are about 30 Carnegie branches left in Manhattan, the Bronx and Staten Island. And the city is slowly working their way through renovations to modernize each location. Next time you're in New York, come check us out. Rep Spanked delivered. Nice. I'm yours. That is Madeleine Love Grove Children's Librarian at the 125th Street, New York Public Library. That's awesome. Thanks a lot Madeline.


That's, I had never heard of that and I would really love to see some of those abandoned apartments that were just left as is. She sent a link and it had pictures, my friend. Oh, I can't wait to see that. Thank you for telling me that, Chuck. And thank you again to Madeline. If you want to be like Madeline and send us an email the exact proper way you can do that. Send it Off to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA In adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If anyone's ever said you snore loudly, or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This Information is provided by Lilly U-S-A-L-L-C.


You probably think you know Philadelphia, but how well do you know Philly? Now's the perfect time to get to know it Better come for Rocky. Stay for Renoir, come for the cheese steaks. Stay for the seafood rice. Come for the American history. Stay for the Chinese Lantern Festival. Come for Philadelphia. Stay for Philly with the Visit Philly overnight package. Your car stays free. Book your getaway today@visitphilly.com.


We love learning about this extraordinary universe And we love sharing what we've learned And on our podcast, Daniel and Kelly's extraordinary universe, that's what we're gonna do. I'm Daniel. I'm a particle physicist, and I think our universe is absolutely extraordinary. I'm Kelly Weiner Smith. I study parasites and there's just endless things about this universe that I find fascinating. Basically, we're both nerds. Each Tuesday and Thursday, we take an hour long dive into some science topic, learn All about our amazing and beautifully universe on Daniel and Kelly's extraordinary universe. Every Tuesday and Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, you're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.