
You're listening to an IHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And this is Stuff You Should Know, the big bummer edition. Yeah, not very jokey because we're talking about Fentanyl and while a, a great painkiller, a very effective painkiller, it has sadly become the most deadly street drug in the United States. And we're gonna tell you how that happened. Yes. But there is a slight silver lining. It is possible that it is so deadly and so dangerous that it's actually created a dec, a decline in its use.


At the very least, a decline in deaths from it has taken place. So it is on the decline. Yeah. At least deaths. And we'll talk about possibly why that is later on. But yeah, we'll talk about the origin of Fentanyl. For those of you who don't know, it's a synthetic opioid. First there was morphine, which is I think a basically a hundred percent processed natural opium. Heroin is a a, a kind of a combo hybrid between synthetic and natural. And then Fentanyl is just straight up like a dur, like a just made up. It's an analog and it's way more potent than anything anyone had ever seen before when it came on the scene.


Yeah. Like a hundred times more potent than morphine. 50 times more potent than heroin. Created by a gentleman named Paul Janssen of the Janssen Company in Belgium. And it was originally developed as an intravenous anesthetic like for surgery. And they started out with a, a synthetic opioid as the base called Meperidine Meperidine, I guess. And that was developed in the 1930s. And so they had this sort of me paradigm is the base. They changed it around a little al alter the chemical structure a little bit because what they wanted was something that had fewer negative side effects, something that was safer to use.


And they were able to do that with, with Fentanyl. I mean it, it, you know, initially worked great. It was had a very fast onset, had a very high therapeutic index, which is how they measure like the ratio between how effective a dose is and how, how you could get to a toxic dose. So if you've got a high number and a greater difference, then that's good. Right. And one of the things I just wanna say that they messed around with molecularly to make Fentanyl. They increase its fat solubility, which sounds like who cares? But that has two really important effects that make Fentanyl what it is. One, it allows the drug to cross the blood-brain barrier faster, which means Fentanyl has a much faster onset than heroin or morphine.


Right. It just hits you much faster and then it crosses back through the blood-brain barrier more quickly. So the duration of the high that you get lasts a shorter time. So the just that one little tweak fat solubility made this this drug what it is because faster onset makes it addictive. Shorter duration means that you need to do more. Yeah. And then I don't think I've mentioned, but it was 1960, it was when it first came on the scene, Europe started using it in 63, came to the US in 68 and approved by the FDA only by combining it with a tranquilizing drug called droperidol because they said, you know, that combination makes it even a lower potential for abuse, so you have to use it with that.


But over time, that kind of waned and those limitations were lifted little by little until we got to the mid 1980s when they had, you know, cheaper generic versions available. And it was pretty commonly used in, in surgery and like post-surgical recovery with like skin patches and lozenges and stuff like that for pain management. Yeah, I think still today it's the most common opioid used for anesthesia during surgery and it's, that just sounds like madness when you're familiar with Fentanyl, the street version. But in the hands of like a really well-trained anesthesiologist with hospital grade equipment, it's, it's actually very safe.


It's the fact that the stuff that you buy on the street has a very uneven, like dosages means. That's why it's just so deadly because you're not a trained anesthesiologist. You're not using hospital grade equipment, you're shooting up something that some dude sold you and it's just not, it's just not trustworthy and it can kill you because it takes such a small amount to create a toxic dose. Yeah. It will produce relaxation, feelings, pleasure, sleepiness. You can also get nauseous, dizziness, confusion, vomiting, ary, retention, breathing issues as we'll see later on that's, you know, basically why you usually od it's because of breathing issues.


And besides the overdose risk, which is great, you could also have a heart attack, heart failure, mood disorders, immune system problems. For all these reasons, it's a schedule two narcotic with a high potential for abuse. Just a reminder, marijuana is schedule one. Yeah, exactly. And most of what we're gonna be talking about is sort of the, the illegal illicitly produced market, but there are Fentanyl users that do get like the real stuff from, I'm not sure how they get it, whatever connection they have, and they'll just have to, you know, it's not like in a pill or a powder. So it'll be like a patch or something that they might freeze and hold in their mouth or they might remove the gel and then eat it or inject it or something like that.


But usually what we're talking about, the really dangerous stuff is the powders and the pills that are being made illegally and either brought into this country or being made in this country, but usually brought into this country. Yes. And there's different kinds, different analogs of Fentanyl that everybody just kind of puts under the, the umbrella of Fentanyl when you're talking about illicit Fentanyl. But two of them that stand out that aren't actually illicit, but they're used on in the drug market is car Fentanyl, which is used, there's no use for it in humans. They use it to sedate rhinoceros and elephants. And I think it's something like 10,000 times more potent than morphine.


You can get that on the street apparently, although I think it's fairly rare. And then s Fentanyl is five to 10 times stronger than Fentanyl. So If you like, people aren't like it's car Fentanyl or sux Fentanyl, you're talking about Fentanyl. Yeah, exactly. It doesn't necessarily mean it's the same exact chemical structure, it's just sort of a catchall like pit bull. Sure. The the singer? No, no, no. Pit bull. The dog breed, which isn't really a dog breed. I didn't know that. Yeah, there's all kinds of terriers that people just call pit bulls. Well, speaking of, of umbrella terms in different names, I think we should talk about some of the names of the DEA says that this is called, and the only one I could corroborate is the last one, Tango and Cash.


How? Yeah. So apparently that's Fentanyl and cocaine mixed together and or Fentanyl and methamphetamines, some sort of speed. This is speed ball. And as we'll see, that's actually proving to be a really big problem. Yeah. That's created like a new wave of opioid deaths. Yeah. Well speaking of waves, there've kind of been three, and this is just sort of an overview of the opioid addiction crisis in the US that's been going on for, you know, 10, 15 years. The first wave was in the nineties and that's when you got prescription opioids from your, your doctor. Those really rose dramatically because they, they do a really good job.


But that's also, you know, in lockstep with fatal opioid O overdoses, they doubled between 99 and 2010. That's crazy. And 20 20 10 was when things started to change for a second wave because the government was like, you can't be writing all these prescriptions like this to doctors and to manufacturers. Like, you gotta change your formula. It's like this stuff is way too readily abused, so you gotta do something. Yeah. And this is really well portrayed in the limited series. Dope. Sick. I can't remember if it's on HBOI wanna say you saw it, right? I No, I didn't see that. Oh man, it is really good. But it's about the Sackler family and Purdue Pharma essentially purposely hooking America on Oxycontin.


Yeah. And it's, it's a really good series that just punches you in the gut, but it's really well done and it covers all that period. The problem was, and this is covered a little bit too toward the end, when you take people's Oxycontin away and they're hooked on Oxycontin and opioid, they're going to, a lot of 'em are at least turn to whatever opioids are available. And that meant that a lot of people who otherwise would've never tried heroin, took up heroin because they couldn't get Oxycontin anymore. Yeah. And that was the second wave and fatal overdoses of heroin because of that largely quadrupled between 2002 and 2013.


The third wave is the one we're kind of mainly gonna be talking about. That started in about 2013. And mainly centers around illegally, illicitly produced Fentanyl and all the various harmful ways it can find your way into your body even sometimes if, even If you don't wanna be taking Fentanyl. So yeah. So that third wave, the Fentanyl opioid death wave or Fentanyl driven wave that is, that vastly outstrips the death rate from the first two waves. Yeah. So I think in 1999, so this is when people are starting to take opioid prescriptions.


There were two opioid overdose deaths per 100,000 people in the United States. Yeah, that was 1999, 2013. The second wave is going on, that was up to eight by 2022 when the third wave is in full swing, it was 25 people per hundred thousand people in the United States that were dying of overdose deaths from Fentanyl. Yeah. In 2022 deaths from Fentanyl alone were 76,226 people or 69% of total overdose deaths and 90% of the opioid overdose deaths. Yeah, apparently.


So it was the problem For sure. And, and apparently I was like, well, what else is anybody OD-ing on? And I, it seems that meth has created a, a new epidemic of overdose deaths that everybody's like, what the hell's going on? Yeah. Well, well Fentanyl has hit such a high that it's actually had a, a real impact on us life expectancy. It takes a lot to change a number like that, but Fentanyl seems to have done it in 2022. Only opioid related deaths resulted in 3.1 million years of lost life because a lot of these users are young and If you od at 22, they, you know, calculate the average lifespan and do the, the subtraction and that's your number so that, you know, a lot of middle aged white people without a college degree are the victims.


So much so, and this is startling, but from that class, middle aged white people without a college degree, they are dying earlier on average than their parents did. Yes. That's not how it's supposed to Work. That's just not how it has worked unless the United States is in at war, essentially. Yeah. And you know, we're talking a lot about the US but the UK and Europe, sorry, UK tracks fairly closely, although the numbers are lower, it seems to, to be following like a similar pattern. Although I think in some countries I think Estonia is one of them. Like they, you can't even get heroin anymore. Everybody's just doing Fentanyl.


Yeah. Well here's the deal though, is researchers have looked at these numbers. I think they declared this a public health emergency in 2017. And what they're finding is, and this has been corroborated from other surveys and you know, metadata studies and stuff is there aren't more overdose deaths because more people are using it. It's, it's not just like, oh, well more people are doing it, some more people are dying. It, it seems like it's because this stuff is more dangerous. It's getting in places that it shouldn't get because usage has actually declined some over the past like eight years. Right. Yeah. I think the first two waves were driven by larger numbers, increases in people using prescription opioids and then heroin.


So that accounted for it. But the, when Fentanyl came on the scene, yeah, people stopped using it as much, but the, their deaths just increased. Which, If you look at it from a, just an outside perspective, like it's just because it's so potent and it was rolled out or introduced to the drug supply in a really horrific way as we'll see. Yeah, Yeah, for sure. It also sort of goes in lockstep with the income disparity in the United States and the decline in fortunes for a lot of people in this country, overdosing is basically what they call it is a, a disease of despair when people are, are destitute and when they're down or depressed or having really hard times, a lot of times drugs can be a distraction or if, If you are a casual drug user, it could get worse during that time.


And they found in 2017, they studied counties in the US and found that those with the lowest social capital, meaning networks that can help people, you know, with financial security and achieving goals, they had the highest rate of overdose. Yes. So social capital is basically the size of your local Kiwanis chapter. I knew you'd get a joke in there. Thanks. So yeah, this is, I mean like this whole thing kind of rose in lockstep o opioid overdose death rose in lockstep with just these financial crisis that the US found itself in over and over again since 2008. Job loss, loss of manufacturing jobs, just all of the hardship that the United States has gone through since then.


Opioid debts kind of tracked with it, especially at first, especially with people, basically more people turning to that kind of thing as a, a disease of despair, which is just sad. It's just nuts that that's that you can kind of connect those two things. Yeah. Should we take a break? Yeah. All right. We're gonna take a break and we're, I'm gonna talk about the rise of Fentanyl right after this. It's Stuff You Should Know,


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/sy sk, that's linkedin.com/syk and you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later but later turns into never. That's Right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me career coaching. Yeah. strawberry.me is like therapy but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, your Future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry me slash stuff because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with an bay. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


So one reason we've seen a surge in overdoses for something like this is something called the Iron Law prohibition that was coined in 1986 by an economist named Richard Cowen. And it's basically saying that hey, If you ban something that people like doing, something's gonna come along and it's probably gonna be a stronger version. The reason they call it the law of prohibition is because that's what happened when people were like, all right, you're gonna take our beer, we're gonna start making gin in our bathtubs and moonshine out in the in the woods and the rise of crack in the 1980s, the same thing. And they're basically saying fentanyl's basically the same deal. Yeah. And not only more potent, but the fact that it's more potent means that less of it can can generate just as much cash, which also means it's easier to smuggle too.


And like you said, Fentanyl tracks exactly the same way. It's really easy to make, I mean apparently you just, basically If you have the precursor chemicals, you're just making a stew in a pot. Yeah. That you're stirring, you dry it out and there you got a bunch of Fentanyl. So it's easy to make. You don't require tons and tons of agricultural workers and tons and tons of acreage to grow poppies that you process into heroin. And because the potency is so much more, there is a huge cost benefit apparently. It just accrues to the dealers though. There was a study in the journal addiction from 2020 that basically wanted to find out why was Fentanyl introduced.


Was it users who were like, Hey, heroin's great, but we need something way deadlier. Was it dealers who were like, Hey, heroin's great, but this stuff I can cut heroin with and it like I'll make a lot more money. Or was it a combination of the two? They didn't say definitively, but they made a pretty good case that it does seem to have been the dealers looking to cut costs because those costs or those savings weren't passed on to users. Yeah. It's not like, hey this, we're making the drugs cheaper now. So we're just gonna give you a break on this. There was one study that found between 2013 and 2021 the, the percentage of heroin that had Fentanyl rose from less than 1% to 40%.


Yeah. Over, what is that? Eight years. And of course that's gonna lead to a huge number of overdoses because A, you've got these batches that are coming out that the, you know, the potency is got a pretty dramatic range from one batch to another sometimes. Yeah. And then people at, you know, for a long time I think, you know, the word is finally out now and we're gonna talk about that a little bit later, but people that were heroin users thought they were getting heroin and knew how much heroin to take safely. Yeah. And one reason why is because these dealers were saying, if I sell you heroin mixed with Fentanyl, I have to use less heroin 'cause it's gonna be just as potent or more potent.


But I can charge you heroin prices even though I'm paying way less for the Fentanyl that I'm using here. And yeah, people were caught by surprise. The fact that it was duplicitous is just awful because it's like, hey, good luck getting acclimated to this. It's there's, it's gonna be a rough transition. But If you look at it from a business standpoint, the rollout of Fentanyl into the American and European drug supplies had terrible marketing. Like it had zero marketing, it was just all of a sudden there people started dying and it took the authorities investigating what the heck was going on for people to figure out that it was Fentanyl. That's how it was introduced. It was just so reckless. I mean, I'm talking about heroin dealers being even more reckless than they normally are.


That's what happened with Fentanyl being introduced. It just suddenly popped up. No one said anything about it first. Yeah. And by the way, when I said safely do heroin, I hope I'm clear then that there's, doing heroin is never safe. I just meant heroin users would know how much they can take without overdosing. Right. Yeah. Okay. I just wanted to make sure people knew what I Was talking about there. I think that was worth mentioning. Yeah. Okay, good. So the other, you know, problems with Fentanyl is that it has a really intense rush when it's first used. Apparently it's more of a head rush than a body rush. So it can be a little more, you can be a little more active as a user than maybe doing heroin and just like passing out on your couch for hours and hours.


It's also dangerous 'cause the high is only an hour or two. So you know, the heroin high lasts longer. So that short duration is going to, you know, have people using more frequently. And every time you use Fentanyl it's just another chance to overdose basically. Yes, It's a great point. Yeah. And that has to do with that fat solubility again, I said it before and I'll say it again. Yeah. I mean it can happen like a Fentanyl o overdose can happen in seconds, right? Yes. Because the onset is so quick, which makes it, that's another reason that it's so deadly too, is you don't have time to be like, oh man, there's froth around my buddy's mouth. I, I better call 9 1 1 'cause there's good Samaritan laws in my state. It's like, oh my buddy just injected Fentanyl and now they're dead.


I mean it's, it's not that fast necessarily, but compared to heroin it is and yeah, I think it's measured in like seconds. Yeah, it's certainly can be. Another thing that makes it more deadly is that people started changing how they used it among people who died from illegal Fentanyl overdoses. The portion who injected dropped 42% over just a two year period between 2020 and 2022. And they generally started smoking it. That jumped at 79%. I believe people also can snort the powder, but just the fact that people aren't injecting it as much kind of, you know, If you connect the dots, somebody might dive into using it a little quicker if they're like, Hey, just snort this thing instead of Hey shoot up this thing.


Yeah. 'cause that's a big barrier for a lot of people who are like, I like drugs but I'm not gonna stick a needle in my arm. That just seems like such a, a horrible road to go down that it will give people second thoughts. But smoking something, geez, I like marijuana, I like smoking crack. I might as well try smoking Fentanyl. It's just much less of a barrier to overcome. Yeah. And if you're smoking it or snorting it, it doesn't stay in your body as long as If you shoot it. So again, just another case of it wears off quicker and you're gonna want to use it again and that's just another overdose opportunity. Yes. Yeah. I mean it, it's crazy If you think about it because most other drugs that you smoke, you could conceivably overdose on, but Fentanyl, even though you're smoking it and not injecting it, there's still a really good chance that you could overdose and die from just smoking it.


That's kind of mind boggling, but it's accurate. Yeah. And you know, we're talking about smoking it and snorting it in like powder, in a bag ki kind of stuff. But the real danger now and the real problem, all of it is of course, but the real, real scary thing is the fact that these are generally sold and the US seizes pills, I think by late 2021, more than a quarter of the Fentanyl seized was in pill form. And a lot of these pills are, they look like something else. You hear stories on the news about a a, a kid that did not want to take Fentanyl that thought they were taking something else and it ended up being either laced with Fentanyl or largely Fentanyl and they overdose without even knowing they took it.


Yeah. And it's kind of hard to wrap your head around like, why would somebody send you that? Like how evil could you be? But apparently Fentanyl pills are very frequently created to look like old Oxycontin, what are called M thirties. So it would be very easy for somebody to be like, oh cool, here's, here's an Oxycontin. Fentanyl users know what they're doing, but If you didn't weren't a Fentanyl user and you just wanted an Oxycontin, that's how you could die of an overdose fairly quickly. And those are, like you said, those are the stories that you hear on the news. I don't think it's a very frequent thing, but when it does happen, it's just horrific. Yeah, for sure.


Or If you, let's say you want to use some cocaine, you're like, Hey, that's my thing. Do it every now and then on a Saturday night, I'm gonna get some of that stuff. For the same reasons heroin is cut with Fentanyl, cocaine can be as well. So that's not even the same kind of high you're, you're looking for cocaine. You may never in your life have taken anything like morphine or heroin and all of a sudden you're snorting Fentanyl without knowing it and you're on the floor. Yeah. Just a reminder, speedballs are what killed not just John Belushi, but Chris Farley as well. And it apparently this, this is that fourth wave that we were talking about of speedball in Fentanyl with cocaine or with meth.


And it's not just where dealers are cutting it and not telling their, their buyers, like, buyers are seeking this out. Yeah. And apparently this fourth wave has kind of caught black Americans up into it more than the other previous waves have. Oh really? Yeah. Alright, well I guess we can talk a little bit about where it comes from. A lot of it that's smuggled into, into the US was originally made in China, but in 2019 China said you cannot produce or sell Fentanyl anymore. And some people stopped doing it, but a lot of manufacturers continue doing so sometimes through legit means that, you know, made it very easy to ship.


But then they also turn to the black market to ship directly to customers in the US and Europe or hey, let's, let's ship the stuff over to Mexico and these cartels and they can just kind of put it together there and work as the distributor for us. Yeah. So the cartels are getting these precursors, they're turning around and distributing the precursors to cooks who I read like a Univision story on some just, they just, I guess were interviewing some random Fentanyl cook in Mexico. It was like three 20 year olds who were just standing out in the woods under a black tarp with a pot on top of a fire just stirring it like it was really easy to make.


And then that stuff goes back to the cartels to smuggle across the border and sell. Yeah. Another, you know, myth we can kind of bust here as far as where it comes from, is that in in recent years, there have been politicians that have tried to link the, the influx of Fentanyl in the United States to illegal immigration. And there was a poll in 2022 that found that 40% of Americans believed that most Fentanyl entering the country was being smuggled by illegal immigrants, basically. And that's, that's not true. The truth is, is that most of this drug comes through legal points of entry and when it does, it is smuggled in, in vehicles driven by US citizens.


Yeah. More, most often American women. And I think the Cato Institute did a study where they found 86.3% of convicted Fentanyl smugglers are American citizens. So that seems to be totally untrue. Yeah. But apparently this is a, I think this is a measure of how, how bad Fentanyl is because I mean, Chuck, we're pretty Fentanyl naive. I've never done Fentanyl. I'm making a pretty good assumption that you've never done Fentanyl and kept it a secret from me. So it's entirely possible that within this whole thing we've passed along some myth or exaggeration without being aware of it. Yeah. And for that, I'm sorry.


The thing is, it seems that the overall theme that Fentanyl is incredibly deadly and on a level unlike any other drug that's ever hit the US market so much so that it's like, just don't do drugs. It's too dangerous because of the presence of Fentanyl. I think that holds, and I think this supports that thesis in Sinaloa. The Sinaloa cartel has a ban on selling Fentanyl in Sinaloa punishable by death. So if you're a drug dealer in Sinaloa and the Sinaloa cartel catches you selling Fentanyl in their state in Mexico where they're supplying the rest of the world with Fentanyl, they'll kill you.


I think that says just about everything you need to know about Fentanyl. Yeah, for sure. Should we take another break? All right. We'll be back and talk about punishment and harm reduction right after this. It's Stuff You Should Know.


There's nothing like sinking into luxury. An bay sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. Anaba has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids hats or anyone who loves an easy to clean spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699 and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way and there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long And get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos, hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair every style, every home.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If anyone's ever said you snore loudly or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't sleep on os a.com. This information is provided by Lilly, S-A-L-L-C.


So one of the things that's a little different about the Fentanyl epidemic is that it doesn't, it hasn't tracked closely or identically to right past drug epidemics where like the crack epidemic or the cocaine epidemic es especially of like the nineties where, or the eighties or nineties where If you were caught with it, especially if you're black, you are going to prison for possibly the rest of your life. This time around it's been a little more, there's been a little more understanding that this is a, as much a public health crisis, probably more a public health crisis than a crisis to be addressed by law enforcement. And one of the more cynical reasons why that's probable is because it's largely been viewed publicly as a a white issue.


Yeah. That it's mostly white people who are overdosing and dying from Fentanyl. Fentanyl. Well let's say this, I don't remember anything growing up in the eighties that said, let's help these people addicted to crack. No, they, you were just morally reprehensible and your kid was probably screwed up. Throw away the key is what you got. So yeah, I don't think that's cynical. I think that's absolutely the truth. So thankfully they're taking a little bit different approach. We've gotten a little bit smarter about this stuff and now we're focusing, we're trying to focus on harm, what's called harm reduction techniques. Basically trying to keep people from dying.


A bunch of different things have been tried and a lot of it has been fairly effective as, as we're seeing like the numbers going down in overdoses, but distributing test strips. So If you buy a pill or If you buy cocaine or something and you have a test strip, you can test to see if that drug has Fentanyl before you use it. Or maybe your dealer even offers that service. That's really something. Yeah. I mean if, If you want to be a, and again I say reputable drug dealer with sort of scare quotes, but I would imagine that's a good thing to do is say, Hey I this stuff is, is pure, I got a test strip here and you can test it to make sure that you can be a repeat customer and not dead on the sidewalk. Yeah. And I think that that that test strips have helped a lot of people if not saved their lives for the problem with them that I've seen is that all they do is show that there is Fentanyl present.


It doesn't say whether it's a Fentanyl analog like car Fentanyl that's a hundred times stronger than Fentanyl. Right. It doesn't say how much Fentanyl is in there. So is it just a little bit or is it like a kill you size dose? But if you're like, I don't do Fentanyl, those test strips are gonna help quite a bit. A bit like I just want cocaine, stop putting Fentanyl in my cocaine. Those test strips are going to help you and they're going to tick you off. 'cause I mean, I don't think you can take cocaine back to the dealer and get your money back. 'cause it had Fentanyl in it. Although who knows with kids these days. Yeah. I mean the, these newer generations may demand return policy Restitution.


So another thing that they can do is, you know, there are safe places where people can go use the drugs while people watch out for you. The drug users themselves seem to have wisened up a little bit because of all the, the news and probably seeing their friends die very sadly. But they may take, you know, dip their toe in the water a little bit at first and take a smaller dose. Or they may, if they're with a group that's using, stagger the doses so people can be standing by with that Narcan in case one of their friends passes out. I wonder if like you, they draw straws to see what order everybody does drugs in. Like how do they, how do they determine who's going to go last?


Ny Min Nymo. Okay, there you go. The age old, The traditional way. Yeah, exactly. But I did mention Narcan and that is the brand name for Nalaxone or Nalaxone and that can reduce reverse and overdose. And like I have only one anecdotal example, I don't know if it always works this way, but one day, quite a few years ago, a car just kind of pulled around the corner and parked across the street and this dude got outta the car and his girlfriend was like passed out and it was clear that it was a drug thing. Luckily, my, my cross street neighbor's a nurse, she called 9 1 1 immediately they showed up with Narcan and dude, they injected that and this girl was walking around and like saying, can I get, can we leave now like minutes later?


Wow. Yeah. I mean it just reverses an overdose. Right? Yeah. But I, I don't mean, I don't know what happens after that. All I saw was this snapshot where she was like, I'm want to get outta here and I'll bet I don't know what the law, the laws are as far as that kind of stuff goes. But the, the ambulance I don't think is allowed to call the cops on you if I'm not mistaken. I think they're just like, okay, I guess you can go. Yeah, I, I don't know the law in Georgia or anywhere really, but yeah. But those laws are called something, what is it? Good Samaritan laws. Oh, okay. Yeah, I guess that's it. So You would be protected, but that wouldn't matter. It's more like if you're shooting up with your friend and your friend overdoses and you have a bunch of heroin or Fentanyl on you, you can't be prosecuted for having that.


I mean, I'm sure to an, to an extent because you just, because you called for help to help your friend and the cops ended up showing up too. Yeah. And I didn't look this up, but can't you just buy Narcan? Yeah, it's getting much more widely available. Okay. Yeah. But let's talk a little bit about overdoses because there's some, one of the telltale signs, I think it's not just with Fentanyl but with heroin as well, or opioids in general, is it can produce fluid in the lungs so that a telltale sign of an overdose is froth around the mouth or in the nose. Once that happens, you need to act pretty quickly and one of the things that they say to do first is rub your knuckles on their, their chest kind of hard, right?


'cause it's a very uncomfortable thing to have done to you and it can snap you out of a opioid stupor even that. But if they don't respond then it's, it's, you're, you need to call 9 1 1 and or administer naloxone. Yeah. I mean in, in, in the brainstem there are a couple of regions, the medulla and the pons and they control the depth and rate of breathing. But both of those have a lot of opioid receptors. So If you do Fentanyl and they attach to those receptors, which they will, they can change the behaviors of the cells such that they just stop working and you just literally just stop breathing like it, it's that simple. Yeah. And it's even worse than that actually because there's also opioid receptors in the parts of your brain that control voluntary breathing.


So like when you're like, I need to catch my breath and you take a deep breath or if you're meditating when you purposefully breathe, that is repressed as well. So you have involuntary breathing and voluntary breathing repressed. And this thing that detects rises in CO2 in your body, that gets repressed as well, right? Yeah. So basically If you, If you want to take that deep breath, If you since like you're in trouble, like, oh man, I gotta get a big breath of air here. You just do that normally, but little small increases in CO2 or sensed and the carotid body, it's a little small cluster of cells in the neck.


They're gonna spur that increase in breathing to remove that excess CS two. But if, if that's not working and that emergency sort of fail safe is switched off, then again you, you can't even get that big breath to save yourself. Yeah. So breathing, I think you said early on that that typically is where, where fatal overdoses derive from. It's just you just stop breathing, stop being able to breathe, but there's other ways you could die. I think you mentioned heart attack earlier too. Another famous one with opioids is your gag reflex is suppressed. Yeah. So if you're basically nodded off and you throw up, say you've been drinking as well, you're not going to choke that stuff out or spit it out or, or like throw it up out of your mouth.


It can just stay in your mouth and it can go down your lungs and you aspirate and or choke on your own vomit. That's another way you can die from an overdose as well. I was waiting to see If you were gonna come up with like a fourth way to say puking. How did I say? A bunch of different ways. You said like three you like spit it up or, or vomit it up or choke or something. Yack it up. I was like, we get it. Blow chunks it up. Oh God. So as far as treatment goes, it kind of goes in lockstep with what they do for heroin. It's called medication assisted treatment or mat, that's kind of the gold standard. We're talking about either methadone or how do you say that B Buprenorphine, Buprenorphine, If you get methadone, it's gonna be done at a clinic.


It's not like they just hand that out at the pharmacy, which means you have to go to that clinic, you gotta wait in line. A lot of times you gotta do it there. The other one I believe is given in the form, or I guess the brand name Suboxone. And I think you can, you can get that prescribed, but a lot of people are like, Hey, you know, go to drug rehab and, and just quit doing all this stuff because you're still on another drug if you're going to a methadone clinic every day. Right. A lot of people don't have access to the kind of doctor that's going to prescribe that for them. There's a lot, like even among medical professionals still, believe it or not, there's still a lot of stigma associated with being a, an OPI opioid addict.


Yeah. Which is pretty rich considering that American physicians, a significant chunk of them got America hooked on opioids in the first place. But that's neither here nor there right now. So I think there was a study from 2022 that the CDC conducted where they said that of the 3.7% of all adults in the United States who need medication assisted treatment, I think only about 25% of that 3.7% were able to get it. Yeah. One of the other ways that you can get off of it is to go to prison where they are just like, good luck drying out. Yeah.


That's no way to, that's no way to kick. No, and the problem with it too is not just like that's, I, I can't imagine going through that, but If you get outta prison or say you're able to get heroin or something or Fentanyl in prison after you've kicked it, your tolerance has dropped. And we talked about this in our heroin episode in 2020, but your tolerance has dropped and so your, your likelihood of an overdose is through the roof compared to what it was before you kicked heroin the hard way or Fentanyl the hard way. Yeah. Yeah. So we busted the, the myth about illegal immigrants smuggling this into the country earlier. There was another myth.


Apparently police departments kind of spread this one that touching Fentanyl at all or inhaling just traits amounts can, can overdose you. Apparently that came from a 2016 U-S-D-E-A advisory that claimed that was possible. But this is sort of annoying because it's not, you know, generally absorbed through the skin. They have those transdermal patches, but it's not like helping someone like shaking somebody on the ground or something can get it into your skin that way or inhaling enough to overdose you is like you, there's no way you would accidentally inhale enough to overdose. Right. But there's cases of like first responders and paramedics suffering from exposure to very small amounts of Fentanyl and people are like, what, what the heck's going on?


The best explanation is that it's, it's what's called a cult culture bound syndrome. This expectation that it can happen, it leads to a nocebo effect where the person essentially freaks themself out into a panic attack and it's, it's, they're like, I just had a a, I just OD'ed on Fentanyl just from touching a little bit of it. Yeah. That's the best explanation. It makes sense. Yeah. The point is, is like you like interacting with somebody who's OD'ed on Fentanyl isn't going to give you a Fentanyl higher overdose. Yeah, for sure. Another myth, I guess the final myth that we can bust is If you hear somebody saying like, you know, all these unhoused people on the streets, it's all because of Fentanyl.


They're out, they're, they're homeless now. They're in your neighborhoods. And it's because of this e epidemic I'm sure that has happened where people, you know, can't pay their rent and they're on the street because of an addiction like that. Sometimes people turn to drugs after the fact if they are unhoused. But If you look at it on a macro level, the the data shows that the reason America has a, an unhoused crisis like we do now is mainly because of the cost of housing. It's not drug use, it's not mental illness, it's not unemployment. Even all those things are a factor. Not saying they don't count, but it's the cost of housing. Yeah.


It's crazy. Look at all the morality we associate with drugs. Like it's brought in by illegal immigrants. Drug users accidentally create overdoses in first responders and paramedics trying to help them. It's the reason for homelessness. Like it's all, there's all moral judgments associated with all of those things. Yeah. And you associated with the drug and anybody who doesn't Dr do that drug and loves first responders, doesn't like illegal immigrants and doesn't like homeless people is going to hate that drug from that point on. Yeah. The drug that was okayed by the FDA and that, you know, wealthy pharmaceutical families in this country got rich off of. Yeah, Well let's just say again, Fentanyl is perfectly safe in a, like a hot a medical setting in the hands of the trained professional.


It's just outside of that. When, when cartels become involved then it's, it becomes a huge problem. Yeah. But I said at the outset there is a, a silver lining, or at least some hope because there the use is, well first of all, opioid deaths are declining. I think they peaked in 2022 with 108,000 opioid overdose deaths in the United States. Geez. And the numbers aren't in for 2024, but they think the estimate is that it's gonna be anywhere between a 15 to a 20% drop in overdose deaths from Fentanyl. And they say, okay, well Chuck, why, why are, why are these Fentanyl deaths finally subsiding?


What's the deal? Yeah. I mean there could be, it's, it's probably most of these things combined when you look at it on, on a bird's eye perspective, a lot of people say the testing strips have made a big deal that Narcan has made a big difference. That mat treatment has made a big difference. One reason is because drug users have gotten a little bit smarter, like I mentioned earlier. Some people are trying to avoid it altogether. Some people are, like I said, dipping their toe in the pond or making sure their friends don't overdose. One of the saddest possible factors is that so many people have died off, there just aren't as many active users anymore for that reason.


Yeah, There was a Yeah, you were saying that like younger generations might have been scared away from it. Yeah. That's Another reason. Yeah. Apparent. Oh, I thought you said that. So apparently Gen Z is unlikely or less likely to use drugs. I think like 67% of 12th graders said that they abstained from drugs, meaning that they hadn't taken any drugs in the last 30 days. And I was like, I wonder what that is compared to Gen X back in when we were in high school. Oh my god. And I was like, this is gonna, this is gonna be crazy. Yeah, it is crazy. But it's the opposite way You would think the, the, I think, I can't remember what, what US agency conducts this every year, but in 1993, high school seniors said that 81.7% said that they had abstained from drugs in the last 30 days.


So Gen Z is on way more drugs than Gen X was. Which is very surprising to me. Or Gen X is a generation of liars. That's entirely possible too. Are you a Nork man? Yeah, I don't know. I mean I was a good boy growing up but I certainly, I feel like all my friends were doing all the drugs. I wonder if it really is there is, it's just a lot more prevalence of drug use because it's so easy to get it on the internet. And it used to be hard back when we were in high school for people who get drugs in high school maybe. Well I mean there's definitely improved international cooperation between the United States and other countries just to reduce the supply.


The US and Mexico has gotten together and they've been working together for a while now trying to intercept those drug shipments and trying to, you know, mess up the cartel and what their activities, what the cartel is doing. I think in 2024 last year, the amount of Fentanyl crossing that border dropped by about 20%. So that's pretty good. Yeah, I mean that's pretty significant. What else? I got nothing else. Well, I guess we should probably say before we end the episode, Chuck, if, If you do Fentanyl and you're addicted to Fentanyl, please seek as whatever help you can find to, to get off of it. And If you haven't tried it yet, probably you shouldn't start.


Yeah, I'd say not even probably let's say definitely no. Okay. Well since Chuck corrected me from probably to definitely as was foretold in 2008, he has just triggered listener mail. Alright. This is another two-parter on disaster movies. 'cause we heard from two African American listeners because I specifically asked like, how mad are you about the fact that black people get killed in movies and horror movies and disaster movies routinely? And that's just such a well-known trope. And we heard from a couple of faithful listeners, Hey guys, you asked if it's still a thing among, amongst black people about being the first to die in scary movies. Yes, it is still a running joke of course, but there's more to it now.


I found, I'm finding as an African American and avid movie watcher, the new thing is the black person often dies in sacrifice of something or someone else. So yes, we still may go first in the film, but often for a noble cause I guess that makes it more pal palatable. LOL that is from Serena. And then this is from Kevin. First of all, I'm a casual fan of this sub genre. Enjoy the exciting thrills that come with it for years. It's become common knowledge that black people will rarely lead or survive to the end of those movies, as well as other genre movies like horror or romcom in mainstream Hollywood. It doesn't make me mad though, guys, because at the end of the day, I just want the escapism of the movie. I don't wanna think about the socioeconomics behind everything.


Yeah. But I understand that Hollywood has catered to a white audience since the beginning as they figure that this is a safe bet financially and minorities are expendable. My movie, watching friends pretty much know who will survive and who will hook up and we just want to enjoy the show. But I am glad to live in a time where we are having more representation behind the scenes to pull more strings in our favor, keep up the good work. And that is again, Kevin and then Serena. Awesome. Thanks Kevin And Serena, that reminds me of a a point I wanted to make that I I didn't have a chance to in earthquake, Richard Roundtree, AKA shaft, he was in that he made it to the end and he was also one of the heroes helping save Genevieve Bojo.


Am I saying your name correctly? I don't know, but I know that Richard Roundtree is almost always the hero. Yeah. So yeah, he was like a motorcycle stunt man. So he was a, sadly an exception, but he, he definitely did make it to the end, which was great. Yeah. Nice work. Nice work. Richard Roundtree. And If you wanna be like Kevin and Serena and wanna share your thoughts with us, we love that kind of thing. You can send us an email, the stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


For adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity, refreshing sleep may be hard to come by and who likes to lag and drag through the day? OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking, or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at Don't Sleep on ossa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know. So you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime. But when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed profile. No rabbit holes. Required


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. NA Member fda, you're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.