
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple Pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And this is a good old fashioned toe tapping feel good event of the century that we like to call Stuff. You Should Know I cannot stop singing. They say the Neon Lights of Bridal on Broadway. It's one of my least favorites. Is that from a chorus line? I, I don't know. I was singing that earlier. I was singing, give my regards to Broadway.


Wow, You Haven't been singing the one I've been singing. What Have you been singing? There's no business like show Business. Like No business. I know. That's great. I do not know the, the Neon Lights one. I should have looked that up, but I do know, give my regards to Broadway is from Little Johnny Jones from 1904 written by George m Cohan Neon Lights is a craft work song you way off. Oh. Oh. Well Little Johnny Jones is the most like 1920s play title or musical title I've ever heard. I didn't Know Kraftwerk. They say a Neon Lights so Bright.


Is that how their goes? It's a little different. Okay. It's really good though. I think it, it is actually the best song about neon lights. Oh, that's a bold statement. I know. I'm with you By the way. This is a listener suggestion. So big thanks to Sarah Nay for sending this in. Oh, nice. Thanks Sarah. We should probably say for anybody who didn't bother looking at the title, we're talking about Broadway today. Broadway as in the American home of musicals. The Great White Way. You know, where musical theater goes to live and thrive and give it a shot at stardom.


That's right. And non-musical theater. True, true. I'm more of a play guy than a musical guy myself. I remember going to see La la Land in the theater and being like, I had no idea this is a musical. Luckily it turned out really well, but Oh, okay. Good. At first I was like, you gotta be kidding me. Kind of like, you know, when you go to drink, take a sip of water and it turns out to be Coke. Oh. And it's really shocking. But then you're like, oh, okay. Coke's fine. It was a lot like that. The movie version of that. Yeah. I think I've detailed this a little bit, but I've gotten more into musicals and I enjoy musical theater and Broadway and we, we try to go to a show when we're in New York and now we're doing an annual Broadway only trip, like where we go see a few of them.


That's a pilgrimage is what they call them. Yeah. Pilgrimage. But I do love the plays. And we are in fact going to see Glen Garry Glenn Ross in May. Haven't you seen the movie I have. But this has got a, that that killer cast on Broadway. I don't know If you heard about it or not. No, I haven't. Honestly, I I haven't kept up with Broadway lately. Yeah. This has got Glen Garry, Glenn Ross with Kieran Culkin and Bill Burr and Bob Odenkirk and others. Wow. That is a killer cast. So I grabbed tickets for that right when they went on sale. And I'm going and my friends are like, how'd you get tickets, man? You're so lucky. I'm like, I just logged on and got 'em when they went on sale. You logged onto your internet? Yeah, just, You know, just get on a, If you're into that kinda thing, you just jump on a little, like a Broadway direct email list and then you'll get the HAPS on all the haps.


So you mentioned a t is it TTKT Oh yeah. The the TK Ts booth. Yes. Are they online too? Or is that like a physically stand there in person kind of thing? Yeah, that is the ticket service run for the not-for-profit theater development fund. And that is if you're in New York and you're like, man, I wish I could go to a show, but I don't want to jump on a resale website and pay a ton of money. There are Booth in Times Square and satellite booths at South Street Seaport and Lincoln Center where you can get day of, you can go get day of tickets for people that are like, I can't go Broadway. Can you help me sell these?


Yeah. And apparently If you go with like an hour or so before the booth opens the line, once it does open will only be about an hour. That's how long it takes to clear out typically. And people who are in line know what they wanna see and they want the best seats and Yeah. That's what they're going for. That's why they're standing in line. But if you're like, Hey, I am in New York, let's catch a show. I don't care what show, you can just show up like a couple hours after the, the thing opens and walk right up and and pick a show. Yeah. And, and I gotta say, and you know, we'll get to this or I might as well say it now. The, the largest Broadway theater, if you've never been, you might be used to like Broadway in your hometown at like the 5,000 Seat Theater or something.


Like they have here at the Fox At the Performing Arts Center Yeah. Or the Performing Arts Center. But in New York, they're, they're pretty small. The the largest one is the Gershwin Theater at 1,933 seats. The smallest of the, how many theaters is it total? 42 70 Something. 47. 41 theaters. 41. The smallest is the Haze at 5 97. So, you know, if you're in town, you wanna check out a show. And most of those theaters, most of the seats are pretty great. And it's fairly intimate. I don't know much about it lately. Like I left off with Phantom of the Opera, that was probably the last musical I was ever really into.


So, but I know that since I've been into it, like they've become Blockbuster productions Yeah. Very much along like the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie franchise stuff where it's like, just put a ton of money into it. Yeah. And people will come from all over and you'll make 10 times what you put into it. Yeah. And that, I mean, that's, that's fair. A fairly new development is, is it like that basically across the board now, or surely that's like a handful of powerhouse shows and the rest of 'em are more normal and hence ticket prices are more normal. Do you know, I mean, from my experience stuff, you know, If you go to see some of the classics, they're, you know, they're big productions, but they're not, maybe not as like, special effects heavy.


They definitely, I feel like, have jazzed them up a lot more in more recent years with more sort of jaw dropping moments of like, kind of, I can't believe they did that live kind of stuff. Like when the salesman from Death of a Salesman flies out over the crowd at that one scene. But like for instance, last time we went, we saw the, That's the best that she come up with. We saw one of the ones we saw was the New-Ish Death Becomes Her, which is, I can't recommend enough. It is one of the funniest musicals you will ever see. But it wasn't some lavish production, but they had a couple of very well placed sort of special effects that were very fun.


And so I think you, you need to sort of wow the crowd a little bit more these days. Okay. So you're not going to find like a 1950s, sixties style musical comedy that isn't relying at all on special effects there anymore. Mm. No. I mean, but maybe not special effects, but the sets are still very big and there's a lot of money poured into it, but your plays or you're gonna be a little more like stripped down. So, okay, last question. Ticket prices from what I've seen are like eye popping, pretty expensive, like 200 bucks. Yeah, I think Wicked was the most expensive. It was two 90 average price. Man. Ouch. So are, there's gotta be tickets that are like, that the normal person can afford, right?


Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's the average ticket price. So the cheaper seats for like a show like Wicked or, or I don't know, probably in the, in the hundreds and something, which is still, I mean, that's a lot of money, but I don't know that you can go, like if you're a question is, can you go see a Broadway show for like 45 bucks? Yes. That's my question. I don't know. And I doubt it. Yeah. All right. Well that's a bit of a shame I have to say. Although I'll have to look at my Glengarry tickets. I, I don't know that those were like crazy expensive, but I'll check while you talk. Okay, well I'm gonna start talking about the history of Broadway. Let's do it. So Olivia helped us out with this. Kudos to her. 'cause this was a huge, huge topic and she wrangled it greatly.


But the, the street itself, Broadway is really, really old. It's actually built on an old Lenape tribe trail that connected the tribes along the 13 miles of Manata. So this is like pre-contact. Yeah. Broadway was already in existence when the Dutch showed up and they said this is New Amsterdam. Eventually we'll rename it New York. Yeah. They called it Hir str. Yeah. Which is Gentleman's way. So apparently here with two E's in the middle means gentleman in Dutch If you want to impress people at your next party. Yeah. But they just called it BR Vague or Broadway Broad Road in the English.


So, well, we're just gonna call that Broadway from now on. Yeah. So that's the street Broadway. The theater district is between Times Square to 53rd Street and then the side streets from sixth to Eighth Avenues. And like I said, it's 41 theaters. And with that smallest one, the haze being 5 97, they're all at least 500, almost 600. Yeah. I mean, can you squeeze three more seats in there, Hayes? Maybe standing room only. And like I said, the Gershwin is the largest at 1933. And you know, that's where theater happens. And we're gonna talk a little bit about sort of the early theater days, because if you're talking New York Theater, you're gonna have to go back to 1732 to see the first, or at least the first record of a performance of a play there.


It was called The Recruiting Officer. And that was some Londoners traveling through town and it was the new theater on Nassau Street, but that was near Broadway, but not anywhere close to the theater district. It was way, way downtown in what would now be the financial district. You're not gonna mention the name of the owner of the new theater building Governor Rip Van Dam, Which is a, a really great hotel check-in name. Yeah, that's good. Include Just with the governor. Yeah, governor. Like Governor. Okay. They give you special treatment. Yeah. So yeah, you said that was what is in what is now the financial district. So slowly but surely it started to kinda move to what was called the Long Acre Square.


Yeah. But before that, there was a lot of theaters that had opened up sporadically away from what we now consider Broadway. And the think the first, I don't know if we said it or not, 'cause you corrected me when I said like musicals, you're like, well plays too. But most people when they're talking about Broadway think they're thinking about musicals, right? Yeah. So the first musical, as far as anybody can tell that was performed in New York was called The Beggars Opera. It was about thieves and sex, sex workers. It was a musical comedy. Yeah, it sounds like it was somewhat like one of the plays that would come in the 19th century or one of the musicals where there were like kind of breaks in between where they, there some standup comedian would come out or a juggler maybe, or somebody would perform a song, but the songs didn't have much to do with the story, if anything at all.


Yeah. And we'll get to that. That was sort of the way it went for a while. It was sort of like songs and sketches and stuff like that as that was what a musical was. But we wouldn't have any of this stuff. It hadn't been for some pretty notable people. The first one, well he's actually the first Oscar Ham Hammerstein of what would be two notable Oscar Hammersteins. Yeah. This is Oscar Hammerstein. I, That's right. He moved from Germany, of course to New York City in 1864 and was a cigar factory floor sweeper until he invented a cigar machine and made quite a bit of money doing so such that he could start funding the opening of his passion, which was opera.


So he opened the Harlem Opera House first in 1889, and then that very first one in Longacre Square, which will be notable in about a minute and a half. 'cause you will learn what that became. Hammerstein's Olympia Theater at Broadway. And 43rd and 44th. And then after that, the Republic Theater was in 1899, which is still there, but is now the new Victory Theater. Gotcha. Which I think is for young audiences, right? Is it Pretty sure. Yeah. I'm almost positive it is Like really body kids plays. Yeah. Like Avenue Q. Yeah, exactly. So within like a decade, Oscar Hammerstein the first built like three major theaters in New York City and he helped pretty much establish this theater district or the concept that New York had a theater district.


Yeah. Or it was a theater town, I guess. Plus, and this is probably a fairly overlooked component of it, the Inner borough Rapid transit system. The train helped too. 'cause it could get people around New York much more easily than before. So with those two things, Hammerstein and the IRT converging New York suddenly had like everything, it needed all the ingredients to be become like a world class theater destination. Yeah, for sure. So the writing was on the wall. He opened those theaters, other people were like, Hey, we can invest money in this. Now that it's becoming a thing. The new Amsterdam theater and the Lyceum Theater were both built around the same time in the early 19 hundreds.


And then, oh boy, we're probably more than a minute and a half after I promised it. But in 1905, long Acre Square was renamed for the newly relocated New York Times offices, and thus it became Times Square. Ta-da. And that's it. I was like, was it New York Times Square? And I was like, no dummy. Just Times Square. Just Times Square. And it was around the same time that these three brothers, Lee Samuel and Jacob Schubert, a very popular theater named to this day. They opened up a bunch of theaters in New York and elsewhere. And the Schubert organization still owns and operates 17 of those 41 theaters. That's a bunch, that's almost half of the theaters in on Broadway.


They Got it locked down baby. So all of this hubbub and activity of building theaters, so in attracting like really good performers and, and plays and musicals. By the time World War I rolled around like New York was on the map for theater and Broadway was the theater district for New York by this time. And one of the things that really helped things along kind of picked up where Oscar Hammerstein, the first and the IRT left off to really like, give things a a real goose, was the Zigfield Polys, which I know we talked about in our episode on Vaudeville Yeah. In November, 2022.


We talked about that a lot. But the idea that like, you could go to the theater and you could see some amazing performances and hear some funny comedy and see some crazy dances or great dances like that drew people to theaters, like everyday people who might otherwise not have gone to the theater. Yeah, for sure. And you know, some of the, some of the songs that you, you know, even if you're not a fan of this kind of thing, just kind of leaked into the public consciousness. Like give my regards to Broadway from George Cohen. He also wrote Yankee Doodle Dandy. And, and over there during World War I, this is when Irving Berlin came around, one of a, as you'll see, kinda a, a series of poor Jewish immigrant families that came to New York.


And the children of those families ended up being like these amazing Broadway writers and composers. He wrote things like, Annie Get Your Gun and there's no business like Show Business your old Favorite. That's right. He also wrote White Christmas, which I read is the bestselling Christmas song of all time, Which was not on Broadway. No, I well it ended up on Broadway. It was in the movie Holiday Inn. And then they retro created a musical based on the movie They reconned it. Right. Another pair that were really huge at this time were George and Ira Gershwin Brothers. Yeah. Another Jewish immigrant family. They created Funny Face Girl, crazy Porgy and Bess.


And some of these as we'll see, were pretty kinda groundbreaking, especially at the time. But they also launched some stars careers like Ethel Merman, who you think of when you, when you think of somebody singing, there's no business like show business. Totally. I think Ethel Merman. Yeah. And the movie Airplane. Right, exactly. That's where I, that's where I first learned about it. Ginger Rogers. Yeah. Greta Stair, of course Greta Garbo Dance on Air. And it wasn't just musical theater at the time. This sort of post World War II era also had some pretty legendary plays. Like the Iceman Cometh from Eugene O'Neal and Lorraine Hansberry's Raisin in the Sun. Of course. But it was Times Square after all.


So in World War ii, that's when you started seeing some, you know, the, the usual thing that would happen was like burlesque theater eventually peep show, maybe regular movie theater and then porn theater. Yeah. And you better know the difference. Yeah. I say that we, we take a break and we come back and we talk about the establishment of Broadway shows as we know them. Let's do it.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/scy sk that's linkedin.com/sy sk. And you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry me slash stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with an bay. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance, fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide, backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees. Every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply Learning.


Okay. So one Hammerstein did some amazing stuff with Broadway, creating Broadway, but this family was showing off and they produced Oscar Hammerstein the second who's the grandson of Oscar Hammerstein, the first. And he got together with a composer named Jerome Kern. And they just started making some amazing, groundbreaking for the time, especially new kinds of musicals that just, that gave us Broadway as we know it today. Yeah. Like If you go to a a musical today, not you're not assured to, but more than likely you're gonna be seeing what's called a book musical. And that is when the musical, when like the, the songs are central to the plot and the storyline and moving things along.


It's not just like, and here's a song to add to this musical review kind of thing. Right. They still have those some, you know, sometimes, but it's kind of a throwback like these days, the the, the book musical as a direct, you know, descendant of Hammerstein two and Jerome Kern is sort of the way to go. Right. They came up with a showboat together, which was an enormously groundbreaking show. It combined both white and black performers on the same stage. Which If you remember a Harry Belafonte episode that was a no-no. Well, into the fifties and sixties. These guys made this show in 1927. Yeah. I mean that people were not doing that at time, at the time.


They also had blackface in that, in that review because that was something they were also doing at the time. But it was also pretty, you know, progressive in some ways by like having an integrated cast. Yeah. And I mean, a lot of the themes were about racism and it just kinda took it head on. It was a serious, dramatic story. It wasn't like, you know, feel good, forget your troubles, come on, get happy, kind of thing. Yeah. And just to be clear, it was truly integrated. I wasn't saying the blackface was integration. It had real integration and also blackface, which I don't quite understand, but I don't either. Yeah. I don't know how they were doing things in 1927.


Like when a woman is in an episode of Monty Python, it's like why are you guys in drag then? Right, Exactly. So Hammerstein is doing his thing, doing pretty well. Jerome Kern's great, but all of a sudden, a a a dude lopes onto the scene named Richard Rogers and Hammerstein said, Rogers and Hammerstein, that sounds, that has a nice ring to it where they're old buddies, old former classmates from Columbia years earlier, and Rogers approached Hammerstein and said, Hey, there's this Play Green grow the lilacs from Lynn Riggs. Why don't we turn that into a musical? And why don't we do a little different, like, why don't you write the words to this thing first. I'll write the music and I don't know, let's use an exclamation point in the title.


Let's just call it Oklahoma. Oh, Oklahoma. Right, Sure. So this show, this established Richard Rogers in Oscar Hammond sign, like this is 1943, it set a record for the most performances at the time. It's long since been just totally demolished, but it had a record performance total of 2,212. That was just unheard of back then. Yeah. So imagine like, you know, you've got some pretty cool stuff under your belt, but all of a sudden you get together with this new collaborator and you create the show that has the longest running or the largest number of performances ever. Just right off the bat. That's kind of like what these guys became like, they were just the stars of Broadway productions.


Yeah. I mean Giants to this day of the industry, south Pacific, the Sound of Music, the king and I, I mean it's, it's their, their names are basically synonymous with musical theater. I read Chuck also that one at one point they had three of the longest running plays or shows on Broadway at the time. And three other shows in production to be adapted to films all at the same time. Giants. Giants. Yeah. We could have just left it at that now that I think about it. So there were some like huge, huge shows of the late 20th century that sort of helped redefine Broadway. West Side Story was one.


This was what kind of, where the idea of the triple threat came along because they didn't have, you know, for a while there, there was like a separate chorus and that like did the dancing and stuff and West Side Story was one of the first ones in 1957 to be like, Hey, you're the lead actor, you're also singing, you're also dancing. 'cause that's all part of it. And all of a sudden the Triple Threat was a thing. And that was the real start of another giant of Broadway. Stephen Sondheim. Yeah. Who would go on to Direct Contagion, which we mentioned recently too. No, he wrote the lyrics and then another name he might have heard of Leonard Bernstein was a composer for West Side Story.


Yeah, he's great too. Cabaret was another one by this time. This was 1966 today you think of Cabaret and it's just a, a cult classic musical. But at the time it was groundbreaking in that it, it introduced a new kind of musical to Broadway, which is actually kind of a throwback to how it used to be. It's called the Concept Musical. And rather than, you know, a through line story where the songs advance the story and everything, this was more like, there was a theme. The the theme was the show was set at the Kick Hat Club in Berlin, I think in Weymar era Berlin. Yeah. And through the songs that all kind of have this share this kind of same theme, this concept is created.


I think the theme was, I've not seen Cabaret, but I believe that it was a meditation on the rise of Nazim during the Weymar Republic's kind of swinging days. Yeah, yeah. I I always wanted to see Cabaret. Yeah. Well let's go see it together for the first time then. I don't know that it's, is it running? Is there a revival going on? Oh man, I'm gonna get myself killed. I'm talking about the movie, like there's movies for all of these pretty much. Yeah. So we can just see the movie. There Really is, there's Two West Side stories, in fact. Yeah. Steven Spielberg did one. Yeah, It was good Hair. We have to talk about hair from 1968. This was a musical that, and Libya points this out.


It wasn't just commenting on what's going on in history at the time. It really helped kind of shape it in real time. It was the First Rock musical, something I'm a big, big fan of. Oh yeah, yeah. Like the Jukebox music, ju Jukebox. I have such a hard time with that. Musicals are okay. Not my favorite, but those seventies, Jesus Christ Superstar and Joseph and the amazing technical or dream coat and hair. Like I, that stuff is so groovy and so cool because it's like sixties and seventies. Yeah, no, it is super groovy hair. If there's one word to describe hair, it's groovy. Yeah. If, if the other, there's, If you want one more word, it would be nude.


Yeah. Or merckin, because that was an, all the whole cast was nude very famously in one scene. But it did help launch the careers of Diane Keaton was in, in that original production as was Meatloaf. A man whose house I have been at. Oh, of course. So I have no follow up questions whatsoever to that. Good. Instead, well, okay. What were you doing at Milo's house? I'll, I'll tell you offline. Okay, cool. So Steven Sondheim, who you already mentioned, he was, he made a name for himself by writing the lyrics to West Side Story. But apparently his big breakout was something called Company, which is a bunch of vignettes about romantic relationships.


I have not seen that one either. Yeah, same. I kind of feel like a rube talking about all these things that I haven't seen. But I did read about it and I read that the, the at the whole thing starts at the main character's 35th birthday party. He walks into the birthday party and then these vignettes start and then the thing ends. I think with him walking into the 35th birthday party to make it like this all took place in just a moment in time. All of these vignettes did Super cool. I have not seen it either. Sondheim also very well known for Sweeney Todd, the Demon Barber of Fleet Street, which I have seen that, I have not seen that. But friend of the show, Scott Erman highly recommends it said, it's like one of the best shows he's ever seen.


It's Great. Yeah. I gotta check it out. A chorus line, another movie that one was kinda meta. It was another concept musical where the, the whole thing takes place in an audition. Yeah. And so the whole thing is about theater life, about theater people, but it's actually a, a musical show. It's pretty cool. Yeah. And that began a run in 1975 of like a dozen years where some of the, some of the giants of all time were launched Chorus Line Chicago in 1975. Les Mis in 1987, Kaz in 1982, which, we'll we'll talk about that a little more in a sec. And then Phantom in 88.


But Katz very famously was a very, very long running show that like some people love, some people hate, some people think it's brilliant, some people make fun of it. But Lyricist Tim Rice got together with composer Andrew Lloyd Weber, the Weber Rice team. They did the, the amazing technical dream coat. Jesus Christ Superstar Avita. And then they said, Hey, let's turn this TS Eliot old possums book of practical Cats into a musical and have real people dressed up as cats. Some people say like, If you could build a time machine, what would you do? I would go back and prevent Andrew Lloyd Weber from having that thought. I've Never seen any iteration of cats. I want to see something.


It's the only time outside of an airplane where I tried to make myself go to sleep in public. Was it at a live Show? I was like, I can't, I can't even just sit here. Yes. It was at, at a performance. Like I can't just sit here. Like I have to not be conscious for this. Oh boy. And I was too young to leave. I don't think I was driving at the time I was with my family. Oh no bad You couldn't go like fake sick or anything. No, I think I, I don't have a recollection of of the show after a certain point. So I think I might've been successful in falling asleep. Your dad would've been throw up in this bag, you'll be Fine. Right. And then Phantom Phantom was 88 and I think that's, it's another Andrew Lloyd Weber show.


But I think that was one of the first ones to really ramp up, got real designy and included some special effects. And I think that kind of started that trend of making things a little bigger. Yeah, for sure. That one I can sing along with basically from start to finish. I love that one. Exactly. I knew exactly what you were doing just then. 'cause I'm so familiar with it. We tried to see Phantom at the Fox Theater here in Atlanta and I actually just joined the Broadway season for next season. Oh, nice. But the season's run from May to May I think on regular Broadway. I'm not sure about the Fox Hill. I think it may be about the same. But we tried to go see Phantom years ago, but we're both so distracted.


It was when we were trying to buy our first house and we were obsessed with this house we were trying to get a bid on and we were, it was just one of those deals where we were not there, our head was elsewhere. Oh. And we finally just looked at each other and we were like, we, we need to get outta here. Oh You should definitely see it again. It's a really great show. The music the lyric. I Know I gotta see it. There's like a one ton chandelier that falls to the stage, like it's a good show. And I, I think you're right that it did kick off kind of the mega productions. It, it ran for 35 years and it, as far as I know, it holds the record still for the most performances at 13,981.


Wow. Remember Oklahoma said something at like 2200 before. Oh yeah. That's, I mean, impressive at the time. But yeah, that's 35 years is, is impressive. It's pretty amazing. So yeah, I love that show. I am just gonna say it probably five more times throughout this. So we gotta talk a little bit about Times Square. Even before the seventies came along, it was a pretty rowdy place in the early teens. There was a 1:00 AM curfew because it was such a rowdy place. There were speakeasies there during prohibition burlesque in the thirties and then from the sixties and into the nineties when, I think I mentioned this before, when I first started going to New York in the mid nineties, there were still peep shows there.


It was right before the, the, the final cleanup happened thanks to a few different mayors, but Mayor Ed Koch, certainly David Dinkins and then eventually Giuliani would finish up the work of cleaning up Times Square. Yeah. David Dinkins was the one who I think maybe had the biggest impact, or we should mention John Lindsay in the early seventies. He created a tax incentive where If you built in Times Square a new building, you could get a pretty good text break, but you had to build a theater on the ground floor to try to bring the theater back to the area. I thought that was a pretty ingenious idea. But to me David Dinkins has probably had the biggest impact, good or bad, by making a deal with Michael Eisner who was running Walt Disney at the time.


And he said, just do your thing here, Disney. Like we got a lot of perverts running around here, we need some Disney to counterbalance this stuff and maybe even overwhelm it. And it worked. Like If you pour enough Disney onto an area, yeah the perverts just turn and run. Right. So they started, they dipped their toe in the pond with renovating and renting out the new Amsterdam theater, which at that point New York City had acquired in 1992 as part of the 42nd Street development program because it was one of those that followed the burlesque theater, then movie theater, then porn theater model, I dunno if that was an official model. And then as they were remodeling that in 94 before they were finished, Disney opened Beauty and the Beast at the Palace Theater.


Of course the adaptation of the 91 animated film. And it was almost a $12 million budget, the most expensive musical ever at the time. And ended up running for about 13 years to total grosses of about 430 mil. That's just insane even today. But this was the mid nineties. Yeah. I mean the returns on Broadway, If you can get a smash hit going, you know, it's not like you have to sink $200 million into it like you do a big budget movie. Yeah. There's a lot of front loaded costs. But then yeah, after you get it up and running and it's going, it can just go by itself basically. For sure. Should we take our second break?


Oh geez. I wasn't expecting that but sure, let's do that. Alright, We'll be right back and finish up on Broadway right after this.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with an bay. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide, backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long and Get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos, hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair every style, every home.


Let's talk about moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity. Doesn't sound familiar. Think about how you've been sleeping lately. If you've had nights where you've been told you snore loudly or choke or gasp for air and then wake up feeling tired, it may be due to OSA In the us. Moderate to severe OSA affects around 24 million adults. Many are adults with obesity and most cases remain undiagnosed and untreated. Don't sleep On the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C Learning.


Alright. So Broadway, you can go for Escape a spare. You always have been able to, you still can. But starting in the mid nineties with rent people really started tackling some heavier topics. Jonathan Larson's Rock Musical talked about addiction and suicide and poverty and AIDS about rent was another one I left. It was fine, but it was another situation where I was with friends and everyone, I can't remember, there was some weird distraction where everyone was like, do you want to leave? I think our seats were bad or something and it just wasn't happening. But I wanna see rent again. Larson Berry tragically died at 35 years old of an aortic aneurysm the night before it premiered off Broadway.


I know, that's insane. Just A brutal, brutal story. Yeah. 'cause it's such a legendary show to just have this show that you probably, I'm sure he was like, I think this is gonna be big. And then he dies. Right. Before even seeing it perform once. That's just sad To me. Yeah, very Sad. And then another thing that kind of came along, there were plenty of escapist shows we should say, and there still are. And a really good example from fairly recent times is Mama Mia, which is one of those ju jukebox It is hard to say, isn't it? Yeah. Jukebox musical, which is, it takes existing songs everybody knows and loves and then puts, creates like a musical around them. And Mama Mia did that back in 2001 with Abba songs.


Yeah. And they, you know, I haven't seen many of those, but they did one of like the, the eighties rock the Billy Joels had one, Bob Dylan had one. Don't Forget De Snyder from Twisted Sister Head Rock Ages. Yeah, that's what I meant. The eighties rock one that was rock of age. Right. But you know, it's a thing I prefer something with. I mean they, they have stories built around the the songs like you said. So they can be okay. But I prefer something something a little more straight ahead. Not based like original music I guess is what I'm trying to Yeah, there's some good ones. Get out. Yeah, there's some good ones though. There's a, there's a Carol King basically bio musical that didn't see her.


See I didn't either. I didn't either. Big fan of Wicked. Still recommended it, finally saw it, saw it last year on Broadway. Unfortunately it was not the wickedly talented Adele Dazeem, but that's where she made her name along with Oh who was the original? Was it Kristen Chenoweth I Believe? Yes, it was. Yeah. I always loved her in pushing up daisies. Do you remember that show? I do, but I did not see that. Oh you should go back and watch it. I saw it not too long ago and it really holds up. Yeah, it is a very charming show. We should call this episode Josh and Chuck haven't seen this.


Yeah, pretty much. Just put a colon before it and we can add that. Okay. Hamilton is one I did not see, but we would be remiss if we did not mention it because it was such a landmark play. Lin Manuel Miranda. Of course I've not heard of that one. Hip hop into historical context on Broadway, which is a huge smash. It, I saw it the, you know, the TV version of the filmed musical. So, and listened to it quite a bit, but I never saw it live. That's okay Chuck, I'll let you off the hook. It was too expensive. Yeah, it really was, wasn't it? Those were some high price tickets for a while 'cause everybody was talking about that show. Well, And it was all sold out so the only way to get tickets was to pay like 1200 bucks at the time.


It, it would probably be even more now, but now you can go see it and I bet you can get tickets for regular price. Sure. I gotta mention this one. I've not seen this, believe it or not everybody, it's called Dear Evan Hansen. It's from 2016. But I did read a couple of articles on it and it sounds totally off the wall where the title character is mistaken for the best friend of a, a teenager who's just died by suicide. And so he suddenly becomes very popular and like everybody wants to, to know what this kid was like. And he uses it to basically become popular and liked. Whereas otherwise he was just kind of overlooked, you know, kid on the sides.


And there's all this horrible stuff that starts to happen and, and unravel and I think he's publicly unmasked at some point. Yeah, I need to, that's on my list. A couple of good friends have seen it and said it's great. So I'm gonna go see that soon. I hope these, these make a lot of money. Like I said, wicked set a weekly record in December of this past year. Obviously buoyed by the popularity of the movie, but the first ever show to have a $5 million week and last season, the 2324 season again ran from May to May total grosses of $1.54 billion. More than 12 million attendees over 71 productions with an average occupancy of 89.9.


So they, they're, you know, the average Broadway show isn't even sold out. It's close to 90%. Wow. Can we talk about a few flops? Yeah, I'm gonna pick out a couple of these. Okay. I'm gonna pick out Moose murders from 1983. It is a farce obviously, but it was bankrolled by an oil heiress named Lily Robertson and directed by her husband and starring the oil heiress Lily Robertson who bankrolled it, which should tell you it's not headed toward a great thing also because it's called Moose Murders and it closed after one single performance.


And New Yorker art critic, Brendan Gill said that it would insult the intelligence of an audience consisting entirely of amoebas. Yeah, I read about that. It seems like it was just a completely amateur production from start to finish. Like everybody was basically had no idea what they were doing. And If you wanna just be delighted, go read articles about the flop that was Moose Murders because it's widely considered like the, the worst show that ever hit Broadway in a lot of ways though it's tough to qualify that because yeah, there's plenty of bad shows out there and some have been forgotten, but for some reason Moose Murders just became like the symbol for the worst shows on, on Broadway.


Yeah. I mean there's different ways to qualify it. Like is it just bad bad right. Or is it notoriously flop because of how much money it costs than it flopped? That was the case with a couple of them, but Carrie, an adaptation of the Stephen King horror novel as a musical in 1988, closed after 16 previews and five regular performances at an $8 million budget. So it's, it's widely considered one of the biggest sort of just expensive flops of all time There. Yeah, there's, I, there's a song about killing a pig in it, I think, to get the blood to pour on her Yeah. Song and the the lyrics go, it's a simple little gig. You helped me kill a pig.


Yeah. And believe it or not, that was, it wasn't like an amateurish production, it was directed by Terry Hands who ran the Royal Shakespeare company for 13 years and was choreographed by Debbie Allen. So it was, it was a big money thing that just was Sounds like not a very good idea. It was a terrible idea. And Madrid, it was terribly executed too in the end. Yeah. That they just, you know, they really tried though. I think that's the difference. Well it has been revived with cult status off Broadway like in the 2010s. So it's one of those I would go see that. I would go see that. Yeah. And then I think the biggest flop as far as money goes is Spider-Man Turn Off the Dark from 2011.


Yeah. That's another one that just anybody who has anything to do or any interest in Broadway, they know about this flop. Yeah. I mean that had all the right ingredients too. Broadway legend and film director Julie Tamer who directed The Lion King on Broadway, they got Bono on the edge to write the music. It was huge special effects. And it was just problem after problem after problem all like, you know, kind of front page or at least front page of the arts headline kind of problems. Yeah. So when you're performing a show or putting on a production, you have what are called previews where people can come, the critics are not allowed to see it yet, but normal people can come and watch it.


But under the understanding that they're going to be stopping in the middle of performance, taking notes, maybe giving notes, there's gonna be technical glitches and it's, they're working it out still in front of an audience. And I think the first preview of Spider-Man went three and a half hours for the first act alone. Oh God. And there were, it holds the record for the largest number of previews. The more previews that have, the more problems you have. Obviously it had 182 preview shows before it ever opened. Yeah. And I've been to some previews. I saw Sarah Jessica Parker and Broderick do the, which one was it?


The Neil Simon one a couple of years ago. And that was in previews. Don't let pre like the idea of a preview turning you off. 'cause like usually they just go straight through and it, it is just like a regular performance. Like I've never seen a preview that where anyone stopped and did anything weird. And critics do actually see those because they will review the show before opening night because they have seen the preview. I I, okay. I thought I, I've read somewhere that critics are not allowed. So maybe there's like a special preview Before for may be critic, window critic or something. Yeah. Yeah. That would be my guess. I'm not sure how that works, but I, I know it's always, I'm not sure if it's like movies. I know movies sometimes they won't let the critic see it before it's released and that always means it stinks.


Yeah. So I'm not sure if Broadway does that or not actually. Well Chuck, that's Broadway. We could keep talking about this for hours and hours and hours, but I feel like we, we probably haven't seen most of the stuff we would talk about. I've, I've seen quite a few in recent years and I'll be going to more and more. So maybe we'll revisit this in 10 years and I'll, I'll be more up to Speed. Okay, fair enough. Sounds good. And we'll have seen Carrie together by then. I hope so. And before we end, I think we would be remiss if we didn't mention that we recently learned that we have like for sure literally inspired not one but two Broadway shows from this show. Right. Yeah. It's pretty amazing.


Chuck, I think we first learned about it in Town and Country magazine. They did an article called How a Secret British Spy Mission became a Broadway hit. And I think someone sent it to us and I was like, oh that's interesting. And as I read a little deeper, I found that they mentioned us specifically as the inspiration for this hit musical. Yeah, that's amazing. And the other one we, we found out from the producers of the show, they emailed us the one I think is it Off Broadway on Saco and tti, right? That's right. Yeah. So big thanks to those guys for letting the world know that we helped inspire that. 'cause that is quite an honor and I think we would also be remiss to, to not say break a leg.


That's right. Do you have anything else? I have nothing else. Okay. Well since Chuck said he has nothing else and neither do I think it's time for listener mail. Yeah. I'm gonna call this rare shout out. We don't do shout outs much just 'cause we get a lot of requests to, and it would just be shout outs every week. But this one touched me and this is from Cody in Raleigh, North Carolina. Hey guys. In 2018, my dad passed away leaving behind my mom, who after 54 years of marriage had never lived alone. She struggles with grief and anxiety induced insomnia as a result. So I suggested she listened to Stuff You Should Know for middle of the night companionship to help her get her mind off her troubles.


She did. And she's been a huge fan ever since. Nice. She calls you my guys. And this pair of social relationship has been a true lifesaver for her. When I call her up day or night, the podcast is off and on in the background keeping her company while she does dishes or rests. Y'all are about the same age as me and my brother, so she feels like an, she feels an anti like affection for you. Her 80th birthday is in April and I believe we've already missed it by the time this would come out. But I've been struggling with what to do for her as a fun surprise outside the party she's having this week. And Cody asked for us to send like a video or something, but I said, how about this? We'll do a rare shout out and say hello to your wonderful mother on her 80th birthday, Bonnie Nichols.


Bonnie, we love you and we feel like you're our Auntie Bonnie as well. And it makes me feel really happy to know that you're out there with us listening to us. So that Parasocial relationship goes both ways. So happy birthday auntie. Yeah, Happy birthday Bonnie. You can't see me right now, but I'm making a heart outta my hands. Yeah, that's lovely. That's really great. Seriously, thanks for listening to us, Bonnie. I'm glad we could help and keep you company. And If you wanna be like Bonnie, wait, who was it that rode in? Her son? Yeah, it was Cody. Cody, If you wanna be like Cody and tell us about the Bonnie in your life, we love to hear that kind of stuff. You can send it via email to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com.


Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


For adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity, refreshing sleep may be hard to come by and who likes to lag and drag through the day? OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking, or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at Don't Sleep on os a.com. This information is provided by Lily usa. LL C.


Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know. So you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime. But when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed profile. No rabbit holes required


banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. NA member FDC.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.