
Hey, everybody host Nora McInerney is back for season two of the Head Start embracing the Journey. A Podcast from Ruby Studio And AbbVie. In each episode, Nora has a real conversation with real people living with chronic migraine to see how they took action to understand this disease. So jump into the conversation for season two. A show That creates a little more space for empathy, And understanding. In such a complicated world, there shouldn't be so much hesitation around asking questions. And asking for help. So don't wait. Join the headstart, embracing the journey And. Learn a little bit more about life with chronic migraine.


Hey everybody. During Cybersecurity Awareness Month, LifeLock wants to give you helpful tips to protect your identity. Using multifactor authentication can be a line of defense to help protect your personal information, like getting a text with a security code. but LifeLock offers comprehensive protection against identity theft. LifeLock not only alerts you to suspicious uses of your personal information, but also fixes issues That arise, guaranteed or your money back. Protect your identity today with a 30 day free trial. At lifelock.com/cybersafety terms, apply


Welcome to Stuff you. Should Know, a production of iHeartRadio Hey. and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh And. Chuck's here. And. It's just us And. That's fine. And, this is stuff you Should. Know. One of my favorite types of editions. The distant past. Let's figure It out edition. And. It's so surprising edition. Oh man, you have always loved this stuff. Huh I certainly have It. It jazzes me at least as much as Earth Science. Yeah, I. Think you know the age old question. like it you could, you know, have a have a real wake way back machine. And. Go back.


And go to like any concert, your answer would be like, mm. Something where took, took like, took bones, And banged it on rocks. Just so I could see. What was going on. Yeah from a distance. As long as you didn't know I was There. 'cause I assume I would get beaten to death by That. Same guy. you know, You were like That. And CraftWorks. First tour I saw Kraftwerk at the Disney like concert hall in La I Know I'm very jealous of That show. I'll, I'll tell you about That every time. Man. That was a great show. It Looks amazing. Yeah, they had like a 3D light display, And, everything. Oh Man. One day. Yeah. One day.


They're still touring as far as I know. So why not Yeah? They don't get around here That much, you know, No. but when they do Yeah, go see 'em No, for sure. Also, while we're on recommendations, I watched a movie. That, I'd just been passing over for years now. Oh, That was actually worth the watch. It's a mind bending horror movie called Triangle I. Think I. Know the movie. Think it's Australian. cause I'm pretty sure just about everybody in it's Australian, but they're pretending to be American. Okay. but it's, it, it's, you know, how often like mind-bending movies, That like mess with like, just reality And stuff. like just fall apart at some point. Oh, Yeah, Yeah.


This one stayed tight from beginning to end. It was wow. Yeah. It was a good movie. I would definitely recommend it. I mean I. Don't think It won any Oscars or anything like That, but it was definitely worth watching. You know, What, you can take the Oscar award, And stick it Right up the collective, but it of the world. There you go. This is just called Triangle. Just triangle Yes. All right. Okay. Never Heard of It. You all hang out. Here you go watch it. and that come back And. We'll talk about It. 2009 British film is What. It says, is That possible? I Thought It was like 2018. Oh, does it look like there's a person wearing like a bag over their head in the, on the poster? Oh, No, that's another one. Triangle I.


Wanna say 2018 Fear comes in waves. Probably it Yes. It looks very bmo. but I'll, I'll give you the benefit of the doubt here. That's What I thought too. That can be good. I totally thought It looked B too, and that I was like, this is really good. This movie hasn't gotten enough credit from me. Okay, all right, I'll check it out. Okay. So all of the archeology, And anthropology fans are like, shut up, Yeah. And. Start talking about go Gobekli, Tepe I. Don't know why That was hard. It's really actually a very easy word to say or pair of words. Yeah. I saw Tempe. Actually, Don don't know how specific That gets though.


Ooh, la la. That's spoken by people who raise their pinkies when they drink their tea. Yeah. but a a Tempe is, is like a mound or a hill, correct? Yeah. Yeah. Go back. Go. Beckley means belly. So people take it to basically mean Potbelly hill. Yeah, And. This, this is a place in Turkey. And It. Is And a place where a lot of archeological digging is still going on. And It was one of these places. That is And I know you love this kind of thing more than anything, but like when an archeological find kind of up ends, traditional thought of how We thought things were. And. This is one of the great examples of That Yeah, especially when it's true And.


Not like pseudoscience, like somebody's like it's, it was ancient aliens. Right. Well, where's the proof? They're like, it was ancient aliens. Man, don't don't harsh my mellow. Well, you want here something funny What. Part of What I watched on YouTube about this was from the show. Ancient aliens, Yeah Yeah. There's a lot of like pseudo archeology. That surrounds this That. you have to kind of be careful of Yeah for sure. This is like true, like this truly has upended our current or Yeah I guess still. Basically our current understanding And That That is, thus we've told this story many, many times on this Podcast And. It turns out That, it's probably at least oversimplified, if not just outright And correct.


but the whole basis of What we're talking about has to do with the Neolithic revolution, which says That. Somewhere around 10, 11,000 years ago, people in the fer, fertile crescent Mesopotamia started to settle down, raise crops And as they were able to support more people, more And, more people came. And moved to That area. They domesticated animals. Cities sprung up. and that from the cities' hierarchies grew. and that We had kingdoms, And wars, And, all sorts of stuff. And also arts, culture, architecture, all That stuff developed from the people first. Settling down And domesticating crops becoming sedentary, like transitioning from hunter gatherers to farmers.


Essentially And That That was the start of all the other stuff. That followed Gobekli. Tepe turns That on its head. Essentially. That's Right And. This was one of those discoveries. That, like it said, really sort of up ends everything That We thought to be true. The, the real discovery And And, you know, We kind of get to What had happened before this. but the big, big find was in 1994 And. That's when you know archeologists started really literally digging into It. It had been known to locals There, you know, for a while, obviously. 'cause it sort of like the Sherpa That are like it climb this mountain all the time, right?


There were people living nearby in Turkey in the 1960s. Even That were finding pretty cool stuff here. but it wasn't until 1994 That, they made the big, big discovery And really, like it said, started digging in And, forming opinions over And. you know, we'll get to these 'cause they still haven't settled on exactly. What Gobekli. Tepe was No. They haven't, which it explains why We haven't said What. It is yet. but That That 1960 survey found a bunch of slabs of limestone. but they mistook What. They were, they mistook their significance. They thought they were gravestones from a medieval cemetery. And It would turn out That.


They were about 11,000 years older than That. cause What Gbe, Gobekli Tepe was when they started digging it up in the nineties under the leadership of a guy named Klau Schmidt, who was the guy who saw this. And was like, this is not a natural formation. This is clearly human made. Let's see what's underneath this hill. He found That. This is essentially a, a neolithic settlement. That dates back at its earliest spot as far as We know, to about 11,600 years before today. Yeah And, you know, the significance of all of this, if We haven't been clear enough, is That, basically they're dating this long before, like hundreds, maybe even a thousand years before What.


We thought was when people started settling down And becoming farmers, which led to all the, you know, modern advances. Eventually That, We know today. That, like you mentioned, right? Right. So this was a, a long, long time before That, when We were like No, No, No at the, the time people were just moving around hunting, And, gathering And, And, kind of just I, don't know about struggling to survive, but subsistence living, you know, from season to season, That kind of thing. And 94, like you said, was when Schmid came and there And, he got pretty excited. like, so excited That. He bought a house nearby And, set up Camp And said all Right, this is gonna be the base for me.


And, my small team. Anytime students are coming over here, they can stay here. And. This is now the official home base of this extraordinarily interesting archeological site. Yeah And. He would go on to lead the, the, the dig at Gobek Lit Tepi until his death I think at age 60 in 2014, if I'm not mistaken, died early. Why go Anywhere else? you know? Well this was like, he, he was like, well here's my career. This is What I'm doing for the rest of my life. like there's totally, like there's, they've been, they've been digging at Gobekli Tepe now for What 30 years. They've easily got another 50 years of excavation left. Unless some huge new technological advance And archeology comes along.


but using current practices, they have decades left of like exploration to do of this site. but What Schmidt found from the outset just didn't make sense. cause like you said, they think That, they were building this before people even started to settle down And start farming, which means it was thousands of years before people should have been able to create things like this. like massive structures, That, it takes a lot of people in a coordinated manner to come up with a coherent plan and that build this stuff. and that also imbue It with symbolism as we'll. See, It just did not make sense, but it, the date the Radiocarbon dating was Right And.


So Klau Schmidt was smart enough to be like We might have this whole Neolithic revolution story wrong. Yeah for sure. So just sort of brass tacks. It is in Southern Turkey. It. It's located at the highest point of the Germans. G-E-R-M-U-S. Unfortunately named Mountain Range, which is right on the edge of the Fertile Crescent there. Not coincidentally And. The mound itself is about 50 feet tall, covers about 22 acres. And. It was, It was kinda one of these things where basically he had gone There, he knew That people nearby had dug up some things. That looked like tools, And stuff like That. He was like, well this is pretty interesting.


And, when he stood back, And looked, he was like, That Hill up there. Doesn't look like the rest of these sort of flattish plateaus. It's more rounded. And. It looks like clearly formed by humans. And. That's when everyone, you know, all the locals, And and there language said No, duh. We've known this for a while. So he said, all right, you know, I'm gonna set up shop here. And. They got to work starting with That uppermost level, which was What did We figure. It was like 10,000 ish years ago. Yes. So the most recent use of It was 10,000 years ago. And Olivia helps us with this And. She pointed something out. That I thought is definitely worth mentioning.


The, the Gobekli Tepe site was older to the people who built the pyramids at Giza And Stonehenge. that the people who built the pyramids, And Stonehenge, are to us Yeah. It's That, ancient That. It's one of those That like brain breakers was Yeah. Thousands And, thousands of years old. That ancient when the people started building the pyramids. It's just Yeah like you said, it's a, a brain breaker, like how old this thing was. and that What, they were able to do And What, they're able to do so by, by the way, No one knows What culture. This is cause again, it's not supposed to be a culture from our understanding of people, right at the time, right?


I've seen interpretations of of communities at, at around this time this what's called the pre pottery Neolithic, which is a specific era in the Fertile Crescent where there wasn't pottery. Pottery existed elsewhere in the world. like Japan was making amazing conch shell pottery. Around this time, China has 20,000 year old pottery. but just in the Fertile Crescent, they hadn't started making pottery yet. So they're called the pre pottery neolithic group essentially. but suffice to say this group got together, And decided to build this at least as far back as 11,600 years ago.


and that they stopped using it about 10,000 years ago. Yeah. So they started top down, like you said, the most recent use would be the stuff on top, obviously And. They started to notice, wow, There are actually buildings here with straight walls. So That means That. Somebody shaped those. It wasn't just by pure chance or luck. That, those walls ended up being straight Yeah. They found these limestone pillars. That were about two meters high on this upper level. Some of them had decorations on 'em. These upper ones had etching, etchings of lions. and that they started going down. Obviously things are getting a little bit older and that they said, wow, these pillars are getting a lot bigger than the ones on top.


Some of these things are 15 to 18 feet high. Way about 10 tons And. They look like they're arranged in very specific ways. There were at least 20 circles or ovals. That had these That basically made up these enclosures. And, there were, you know, some of them actually were shaped in such a way, That. They wondered like it's No accident. That, they're shaped in the form of a triangle. If, you connect them. it like, it might be like as Stonehenge kind of thing happening. Yeah, that's definitely one theory is That at least part of this was a cosmic observatory. And. Yeah, like you said, the, the settlement overall, the site forms it like some of the columns form a equilateral triangle and that the center of the site bisects That triangle perfectly.


So it's just, it's not accidental. Yeah And, again, people weren't supposed to be using geometry, even rudimentary geometry at this point for thousands of more years. And. Yet these people, we don it. Some of the other things, That they figured out is the limestone did come from the area, but it still came from hundreds of meters away. Right? So these, you said 16 feet, about five And a half meters. 10 tons. Rock rocks carved outta the limestone bedrock. and that carried over to this site. and that raised That takes a lot of people even using like logs, And rollers, And things like That.


It still takes a lot of coordination. And Yeah. It takes a lot of determination too. And to me, the fact That, those columns are smaller, And, smaller, the more recent you get. and that bigger, further down almost suggests That. There was like a loss of enthusiasm over time. They got worn out. I think so. Yeah over over 1300 years, or th Yeah 1300 years. They were like Hey. Those inner levels look great. but do We really need That? Much headroom. That's right. like We really are like the tallest one among us is five And a half feet, Right? Yeah, they were shorter back that I think. But here's the thing. Everything you mentioned, There is possible. That limestone is pretty soft. As stone goes And, the Flint tools, That they had back that could have been used to do something like this.


And, depending on who you talk to, some people will say like, you know, it may have taken a few hundred very determined people to move these things. Other people. Olivia found this. This one guy, an archeologist named Edward Banning from the University of Toronto. That said, nah, gimme me, gimme me. 20 grown men, And I could do this even without rollers. Yeah watch, Yeah, No, No. One ever called us Bluff. Should We take a break? Yeah, let's take a break. All great setup up. Everyone's on the edge of their limestone seat. And. We'll be Right back.


Hey folks. Lululemon knows That feeling good starts with moving more. And. Their workout gear designed to make That as comfortable as possible. Yeah, Let's zero in on the Zeroed. In short, it's a perfect example of how they combine performance. And comfort. 'cause it has a smooth waistband. That never digs in very important And. It's designed to move with you. So it ensures That. No matter how intense your workout gets. You'll remain comfortable. And focused on It. That's right. It's also crafted from fabric. That dries super fast so you won't have to worry about distractions from moisture during your workouts or your day. It's also available in three different lengths. So you can choose the one That suits your style And needs best. Whether you're hitting the gym or going for a run or even just relaxing. These shorts are tailored for versatility, And comfort. So are you ready to upgrade your workout wardrobe? Shop for the Zeroed in short, now@lululemon.com.


Hey, everyone We wanna talk to you about Squarespace, possibly the best way to grow your online presence for your e-commerce store. That's right. cause they utilize Squarespace Payments. The easiest way to manage your payments in one place with Squarespace onboarding is fast, And simple. you can get started in just a few clicks. And start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with popular payment methods like Klarna, a CH, direct debit, apple Pay, Afterpay, And, clear pay, Yeah, And, If. you want to catch more flies, you gotta spread more honey. So you can connect your major social And, multimedia accounts to your website in just a few clicks as icons, direct links, embedded feeds. So you can build visitor trust while updating content. Only where you need It. Extending your brand's footprint. So if all this sounds good to you that go to squarespace.com/stuff, And, you'll get a free trial. And. When you're ready to launch, use offer code stuff. And, you'll save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs, And technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, And more. You'll sort soar to new heights just like the Wright brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers s all took off in Ohio. And, yours can too. A job That can take you further. And a place you can't wait to come home to have It all in the heart of It, all launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Okay, Chuck. So one of the things That, I mentioned earlier is That. These people not only created these huge pillars, And walls, And, And, enclosures. They also put, they they, they carved them. There's a lot of symbols on this stuff. And, essentially, they're pictograms. like they're, they're symbols. That directly represent the thing they are. There's not any encoded meaning to it. like if it's a bird, it's supposed to be a bird. Yeah. And. There's a lot of really readable symbols like there. It's not like, wow, it's photorealistic. but you can clearly see this is a bird. This is a gazelle, this is a fox, this is a scorpion.


Yeah, And. They started to notice That. Some of the enclosures were essentially dedicated to one kind of animal. but the biggest enclosure, enclosure D, was there's a bunch of different animals on the, like scratched or carved into the different kind of pillars. And, walls, And, everything. And. There's a lot of interpretation just in That stuff alone. Yeah for sure, like the ones where it's just like nothing but foxes they think could have been a specific clan. cause it was part of the Klan system. like Klan of the Cape Bear, Yeah. They would've carved a bunch of cave bears, Yeah. So if it was a Fox clan, they may have just carved foxes, but It might make sense. That the biggest one.


'cause you know, they're still, you know, as We pointed out, guessing as to What even was going on. And, What. all this stuff was used for And. What. It all meant, so I think it just sort of makes sense. That, maybe the biggest one was, was maybe where groupings of clans came. So they were all represented by their favorite football team. Pretty much Yeah. One of the things also That gave away That Fox enclosure is That. One of the carvings says Fox's rule And. It's FOXZ. So clearly they were pretty in the boxes. Yeah. Exactly. So those pillars too. 16 feet, five And, a half meter, 10 ton pillars at the largest If. you look at them, they actually represent people, but they represent like a really nondescript type of person.


Yeah, And, What. So these are t-shaped pillars. So at first I just assume, well that's like, you know, shoulders and that like the head's carved into the middle of the shoulders wrong. The T itself is actually the head viewed from the side. So That, when you look at the narrow ends on each side of That, top of the T, that's the face in the back of the head. I thought That was a really strange artistic decision. Yeah for sure. The other thing too is I, don't think We mentioned That. Kinda one of the first theories was That. Or maybe We did That. It was kinda ritual based. cause it think when they find anything from this time, they think, well this wasn't a permanent settlement. 'cause they didn't have those.


So this was just a place where they did rituals. And maybe sacrifices or whatever. Prayed to whatever God. They did find things like masks, That maybe were ceremonial. That at least lent itself to the idea. That That. Could be been going on there. They did find some other images. That weren't as straightforward as, as the sort of clear ones. That you described like birds with human legs. And, they speculate. That. Could be been like maybe people in costume at a, at a ritual or, or a right That we're displaying here in this little story. And, the fun part about all of this is That. They seem to have been drinking beer at the time.


'cause There were beer brewing vats nearby Like huge vats. It could brew tens, And, tens of gallons at a time. And That supports this idea. That. This was a ritual place, right? I mean just the fact. That, they went to the trouble of making this and that. The fact That, they added these symbols to these huge monoliths That they raised. and that the fact That, there was beer strongly supports That. They were essentially partying in one way or another at Gobekli, Tepe, Right. but in addition to That, And, those very obvious pictograms or pictographs, there's also some straight up symbols. That are not immediately obvious. That does suggest That.


There's, there was meaning And coded in it, which would make it writing. There's a What, looks like a capital I. That keeps popping up here or there. There's also a capital H that's usually associated with the capital. I. And. They think it's possible. That represented the summer solstice And the winter solstice or day And night. cause it's just used so repeatedly. And. One of the other reasons they think That is a guy named Martin Sweatman, who's a engineering researcher from the University of Edinburgh. He, he analyzed one of the, one of the pillars, And.


There's a bunch of different markings on them. And. He interpreted them as essentially a calendar. That not only you could track the the year with, but he took it to be like a timestamp for a potential comet. Impact That allegedly set off the younger driest mini ice age Yeah. So if that's true, That means That. They were proto writing 7,000 years before the Sumerians came up with the, what's considered the first alphabet, 7,000 years Yeah. and that in addition to That, they, they were able to track the procession of earth That. They were able to account for the wobble. That changes the, the time.


And And days throughout the year. Enough That, they could create a, a lunar calendar And. They supposedly, if this actually is a timestamp, they were able to date things That were like major celestial events like meteor showers or again, a potential comment strike Yeah, And. This is like I. Mean I. Guess we'll talk about the significance of calendars. And a couple of ways here, And later. but one, one thing to think about is like if you're Hunter-gatherers, And, you're not around very long like What. Do you need a 12 month calendar for another way of looking at it? And, this kind of, kind of lends itself to some of the later theories is That, well, maybe we'll hold onto That.


That'll be a nice little teaser. Actually. Even I'm teased. But We can talk about this Right now, which is the fact That, they found remnants of bones, And, wild plants, And things. That pretty much clearly indicate That. They had been butchered, And cooked There, mostly Gazelle. About 60% were gazelle. but they also had sheep, And, deer, And, wild boar, And, And, birds like geese, And ducks, And cranes, And, things like That, better spirit. So they were, it seems like they were eating And drinking pretty well here They were. This also supports Chuck. cause if they were not farmers, And, they were just hunter gatherers who would come to this area, you know, occasionally And, they were making beer.


That supports That idea. That we've talked about before. That bread was actually invented as a portable beer starter. Oh, Yeah cause, cause it remember That old gym. This says That beer came before farming. that if this is what's going on here, if we're interpreting this correctly, Yeah. So That is very significant too. The bones And, the plants That they found at this site are all wild. And. That strongly suggests to researchers, not just us, That. These were, these were hunter gatherers. They weren't farmers at all. There was No. Sign of domesticated animal bones. And, even more If. you look at all of the animals on any of the engravings or carvings or sculptures.


They are all wild animals too. There's not a single sheep or pig or anything like That, any domesticated animal to be found. like even the pig is the wild boar. It's, they're just all wild animals. And, That will become a little more signi significant in a second. Yeah, And. The other thing too, We didn't mention is That lends itself to the idea That. There were things were still very transient, was they didn't find things. That. you normally find, at least at this point as a permanent settlement, like trash, like big buried mounds of trash or any indication That. There were homes there. Or like a, a hearth where, you know, someone might have burned a fire repeatedly over And over in the same home like place.


So they're not finding That stuff, they're finding other things. That kind of contradict That. you mentioned those human like carvings. There were other ones. That had like pretty clear symbolism of death. like a, a fully carved human sculpture where they intentionally cut off the head. So it wasn't just like, you know, Hey look, it's a person without a head. They would, they would carve it into a person they cut off the head and that place That head somewhere else. That was significant to them. Clearly. Symbolization, symbolization, symbolizing something. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Yeah.


So you put all That stuff together. And What you have is this hypothesis. That Klau Schmidt came up with, remember he's the guy who essentially discovered this place. And kept going until 2014. His hypothesis was this. cause there's No evidence of permanent habitation, right? like You were saying. cause all of this stuff is wild game. And, wild plants that's left over And. cause these structures don't appear to ever have been roofed. like these enclosures were always open air. you put all That together. This was not a permanent settlement. It was a, a settlement. That was created for religious purposes or spiritual purposes or something like That, symbolic purposes by hunter gatherer groups.


And, every year or couple years or whenever a bunch of 'em from all around the area would come together. And. They would party, they would eat, they would drink a bunch of beer. And. They would carve out these pillars, And raise them. and that weirdly Schmidt also added, they would fill these enclosures in with rubble ceremonially. cause when they discovered them, all the enclosures were well filled in with rubble. So he interpreted That to mean That. That was part of the ceremony. They would cover one up and that they build another one on top. He said it was Coachella. Did they fill things in with rubble at Coachella? No, of course not. The Indio polo grounds are very nice actually.


but he did sort of say like Hey, this is the kind of thing That We think they just met here. Occasionally over decades, maybe even hundreds of years. Maybe these rituals sort of evolved over time to maybe, you know, 'cause there's clear sort of death, symbolism, Yeah in places to honor people. That were important to the community. Maybe help establish their identity somewhat as wandering tribes. And. That's What. He thought, you know, one of the keys to this whole thing, Yeah was That to do something like this. They would've had to had, you know, even if they were hunters, And gatherers, they had to have had a lot of people there.


That stayed There for long enough time to get this Don Yes And That. Over time, over those decades or centuries, It just attracted more And, more And, more people to the area. And. So rather than the monumental structures, And, religion arising from farming, Klau Schmid said, coming together to create this religious structure, actually essentially trap people in the area where they became farmers. We had It totally backwards. That was Schmid's hypothesis. Yeah. It was like a a an geological. Geological chicken or the egg or I guess archeological chicken or the egg Yes.


but the chicken came first. That's right. That's Right. You know, that's the answer to That question. Oh, Yeah, we've covered it. Okay, we're not going to again though, I'll tell you. That No. Heck No. Why? Why retread something So I? Do you wanna take another break or is it too soon? Well, it's, let's take a break Right after this. cause there was one other thing That We should point out is some of the other things sort of supporting this idea of Schmidt was they didn't see a water source anywhere. Which wouldn't be a good place for people to permanently be And, What else. I already mentioned the garbage dumps.


And the lack of houses. So I guess the, the only thing I didn't mention was the water source, Right? The thing is Klau Schmidt was I. Think he formed this hypothesis, you know, within a couple of years of starting excavation And it held up at least until his death. but after his death, some new, some new evidence came to light. That caused people to go back. And re-Look at some of the original evidence too, or some of the original artifacts. And data And. They were like, we're not quite sure. Klau Schmidt had it. Right And. We'll talk about What. They came up with the new hypothesis right after this.


Hey folks, Lululemon knows That feeling good starts with moving more And. Their workout gear designed to make That as comfortable as possible. Yeah let's zero in on the Zeroed. In short, it's a perfect example of how they combine performance. And comfort. 'cause It has a smooth waistband. That never digs in very important And. It's designed to move with you. So it ensures That. No matter how intense your workout gets. You'll remain comfortable. And focused on It. That's Right. It's also crafted from fabric. That dries super fast so you won't have to worry about distractions from moisture during your workouts or your day. It's also available in three different lengths. So you can choose the one That suits your style And needs best. Whether you're hitting the gym or going for a run or even just relaxing. These shorts are tailored for versatility, And comfort. So are you ready to upgrade your workout wardrobe? Shop for the Zeroed in short, now@lululemon.com.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs, And technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, And more. You'll sort to new heights just like the Wright brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers s all took off in Ohio. And, yours can too. A job That can take you further. And a place you can't wait to come home to have It all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Grammarly is a trusted writing partner. That saves your company from miscommunication, And, all the wasted time. And money That goes with it. That's true. Four out of five professionals say Grammarly helps them gain buy-in And action through their communication. Yeah And. When every word your team writes as clear, concise, And on brand, everything gets better. like 25% faster time to resolution for support tickets. 52% less time spent writing sales emails. And saving 19 days. 19 days per year per employee. That's Right. Grammarly works where you work as well. From docs to messages to emails, It integrates seamlessly across 500,000 apps. And websites, No cutting, No pasting, And, No context switching. So equip your team with the gold standard of responsible ai. 15 years of experience just about every IT certification. And, they never sell your data. So Join 70,000 teams, And, 30 million people who trust Grammarly to get results on the first try. Go to grammarly.com/enterprise to learn more. Grammarly Enterprise ready ai.


One person We need to shout out besides Olivia is a journalist named Andrew Curry, by the way, Yeah, he, he's, he's kind of the guy. That has invested. He's kinda like the Schmidt on the journalism side. For decades, And decades. This guy's been writing about most of the popular stories about the Kabe, GKI, ble, Glavin, The G, the e Tempe. Shit. Syn. It's A big shout out. Big shout out There. but before We broke, you mentioned new ideas coming along Post Schmidt in 2017, his successor won Lee, Claire of the German archeological Institute, or the DA I.


Don't ask, they built a, that's the German shorthand for That. They constructed a big old canopy over the whole thing so they could dig more. cause it don't think We mentioned for many, many years they were digging And the spring And fall. cause summer was too hot. Winter was too wet. Yeah Just four months a year, right? Yeah so they could dig, dig more with this big canopy over It, shielding from the sun, And, rain And in order to build I mean. This is kind of one of those dumb luck kind of things. That they probably would've gotten to eventually. but It expedited the situation when they realized to make this big canopy, not just like a pop up with sandbags. They needed to like root this thing into the ground. Yeah. So they dug down deeper than they ever had before to make supports.


And had some interesting finds down there. Yeah. And not just, not deeper than anyone in the world ever had before, just in this area, right? Oh, Yeah, did you think I meant they take the deep dug, the deepest hole ever. Yeah, they just kept going. They're like, well, we're already this far. We. Might as well set a record. Wow. They, so they found, they were able to take samples from those pillar holes. I think they, they went down even below the, the lowest layer they could possibly find Yeah. So when they, they took those samples, they were like, oh, here's s all the stuff That Klau Schmidt based his hypothesis on cause they were missing garbage dumps, hearts Yeah, evidence of homes.


We found a a, a cistern eventually like a 30 Yeah, 30 foot diameter cistern. That held a bunch of rainwater. all the stuff you would need to support a permanent settlement. Yeah I can't decide. When I read this part of the story, I immediately was like, oh, No. like it wonder if, cause Schmidt died a few years earlier. I wondered if he, cause at first of all, like, I'm, I'm glad That, he wasn't around to see That 'cause it was kind of proved him wrong. but that I thought No Schmid seems like the kind of guy That would've like loved knowing That. He was wrong. Well, maybe not loved It, but loved knowing That. They were on the right track to getting the accurate, you know, picture there.


So that's funny. I interpreted him differently. I imagined him showing up at Lee Claire's tent in the middle of the night as a ghost going, Lee, how could you betray me? Oh, maybe I think That actually happened too. I saw it on ancient aliens. Oh, okay, perfect. So, so here's the new hypothesis. They're like, okay, Klaus, he was working with What he had to work with at the time. but now That We have all this other stuff. What. We realize is That part of this site might have actually been permanently occupied by some people. but That doesn't mean That. It wasn't also like a ritual site. like clearly it was, this is not just how people built houses back, that people weren't even supposed to build these kind of complexes back.


that one of the things That, they're like, okay, Klaus definitely got this wrong, was the idea. That part of the rituals were filling these enclosures in with rubble, Yeah. and that starting a new one on top, somebody noticed That. If, you look uphill, the walls That are on the uphill side of the enclosure are usually damaged. Whereas the walls opposite are fine. Which strongly suggests landslide damage. There's also a lot of earthquakes in That area. So they're like, actually We think That the this, this stuff just kept getting destroyed. but the site was so important. That for 1300 years after an earthquake came through, they would come And rebuild.


like that's how important the site was to them. Yeah, And, And. This is where it gets super interesting to me. Claire And, some other people, some of her colleagues And, others thought Hey, maybe What. This was, was a, was something created. cause agriculture, And, people settling down may have already been happening. And, this was sort of created as part of the backlash against That. So people were domesticating plants, And animals, nearby And. They were still like No, We wanna be hunter or gatherers. but We want to have this place maybe where We, where We come, And meet seasonally. Yeah. Or this is where We live.


like we're like, this is our, this is our habit, our settlement. but we're not gonna farm. We're still going to, you Know, hunt, And, gather. Exactly. Yeah Yeah one interpretation by a guy named Thomas Zimmerman, who is an archeologist from Bill Kent University. He sees this as a place That was populated by staunchly conservative, male dominated population. And, there's a lot of stuff to support That Right. So first of all, If, you have a group of people who are railing against these new sweeping changes to society that's going in ways. They don't like it. And, they're, they're going against That. That automatically makes them conservative.


and that also If. you look around at the iconography, And imagery. It is very male-centric. There's a lot of fall sticking up. Yeah, there's all of the, the figures, That are depicted are men. I, read That. wherever wild animal that's carved into one of the pillars is gendered. It's in invariably male And. it makes a lot of sense. and that simultaneously, Thomas Zimmerman is like, it think That. This was, this was meant to be a place of It was kind of agro place where like you would come And, And, like put some young hunters through their scary first rights. like it was not a place of peace.


It's a If. you look at most of the animals, they're snarling, they're dangerous. This is not a, it is not meant to be a calm place. And Thomas Zimmerman, I, hope he can unwind one day. Right For, for his sake, And the sake of people around him. Yeah, he, he kind of described it as I don't know, like the birthplace of MMA, And like, you know, kind a lot of stuff we're seeing in the news today. Yeah the birthplace of people who watch ancient aliens. Yeah pretty much. Here's the thing though. We still don't know so much. I believe there, What like over 50% of it has still not been excavated.


Oh, No, 90 to 95% is Unexcavated. Oh, I thought That was just 90% was underground. And, they had been doing stuff underground. No. So Yeah. So it's kind of confusing. And. Maybe you're Right, but What I saw is That. The whole site is 90 to 95% Unexcavated. but That, the enclosures That, they've been able to find. Only half of them Are even, Even partially excavated. So they know That. There's enclosures down There. They just haven't gotten to 'em yet. Yeah, all I, like this last theory in 2021, there was a book called the Don of Everything by an anthropologist, And, an archeologist, David Grabber, And, David Windrow, respectively, And.


They said, all right, here's What. We. Think is That. Maybe It was just a non-Ag agricultural society. And, maybe they were just a lot more diverse than We thought they were. We kind of had this locked in idea. That. Everyone was like this and that. Everyone was like this. And, And. They were like, maybe there was just a lot more overlap. And, And, And. A sort of a spectrum of rituals. And behaviors, And things. That. People did And. It's just not so clear. That things were like this until they stopped. and that they were like this Yeah And. Now I, remember, remember I got off track earlier when I was talking about the pre pottery Neolithic group.


Yeah, That, I have seen That, this era of people And earlier human beings. Their culture essentially likened to That of like Bonobos or chimps. That. That's like the level of like introspection or material culture or contributions. That, they, they would make That. They were That, backwards, And, Yeah, grabber, And winger are like We got this all wrong. And. So one of the things, the ways That Quebec Lee Tepi ties into this is those the two Davids, that's What I, call 'em Yeah. They David And, David Yeah, they the Yeah, they looked at some current hunter gatherer groups, which are obviously not perfect analogies, but What they found is That.


Some groups have hierarchical structures during some parts of the year where they're sedentary. and that in other parts of the year where not times of plenty, where you have to like spread out And, go find food. They break up into smaller bands of hunter gatherers, And, they suspect That Quebec Tepi was a place where they all came together again. And enjoyed times of plenty. like where there were tons of gazelle to hunt, lots of nuts. And grains, And stuff to just for the picking And. That, they didn't have to farm but That, they were capable of being sedentary while they were also hunter gatherers for the other part of the year.


Yeah And not only capable of being sedentary, but capable of having a fairly complex society as they settled for That season. you know, before they went out. And, you know, I, I, I love, I love this idea. cause you picture them just sort of barely surviving, And moving on until they find better places to hunt or, or a source of water. Whereas this PO's just a just sort of a, a better way of life. That, anyone thought they lived to, to such That. They Could be like, Hey, we're gonna brew beer And, we're gonna party And. We're gonna have fun. cause you know, we're all doing pretty well out here guys.


Look around. Let's like enjoy this season of settle settlement. I Guess Yeah or plenty, right? Yeah And. That's, that's, there's a lot of feasting seasons still today in human culture around this time of year, around late fall. like after the harvest. Say Yeah Christmas. Even through winter Christmas. Exactly. And I. Don't know if it was from the two Davids or somebody interpreting their work, but they were saying there's a really good chance, or at least a chance. That our holiday seasons right, is a ancient or remnant of That, ancient seasonality.


That, where We would come together, And share in in times of plenty. and that when you know, throughout the rest of the year we'd spread out And go do our own thing. but during those times, community is emphasized. Family is emphasized. Coming together is all very much emphasized during That time of year. And, they wonder if that's just a like, we're just unaware. That. That is a really ancient tradition. That, we're taking part in still We just kind of transmuted into our own thing. You know, I really missed a great opportunity for a deep, deep cut. What. David And, David joke, What I. Could be said. David And. David looked around And, they were like Hey. Welcome to the BoomTown. What is That.


It's the only hit song by David And. David, What's welcome to the Boom Town, The only hit song by David And David. Okay, well let's here some of It. Sing it. Sing It like Sammy Davis. Oh, I said, welcome babe. Welcome to the Boom Town. Man. Still don't happen. All those, all those What make such a succulent sound. Welcome to the boom Town I have suspect you're making this up as you go along. It was a great, great one Hit wonder from back in the day by Like David And, David, David And David. This would've been talking about this whole time Huh And. Now it makes sense.


That, you never knew What I was talking about this whole time No I did. It's still a good joke. Just 'cause I got you to sing like Sammy Davis Jr. We all appreciate That. It's a great song. It really is. So I'm gonna go Listen to That. but first there were just a couple of more things I wanted to say about this. The David And David interpretation of how people were way, way more complex than We give them credit for in the, in the past. One of the things they point to are ancient burials, like 26, 30,000 years old, where there's like grave goods, And people, And beaded headdresses, like clearly being treated differently than other people would've been buried. So obviously her hierarchical structures like maybe they were mystics or shaman or something like it.


and that There was another interpretation of Gobekli Tepe itself. That I thought was worth mentioning by archeologist Anna Fegan from the University of Melbourne And. She was like, slowly you roll Thomas Zimmerman, I actually think That. all these all, all these depictions of death, And mayhem, And Scary Animals is actually symbolic of life. And death, And regeneration, And. She makes some pretty good points. And I like her interpretation a little more. cause it doesn't alter anything else. This is still a hunter gatherer tribe. And. They could still even be railing against farming, but That doesn't mean That. They have to be like agro And And, you know, want to just kill everybody essentially.


Yeah I love It. I do too. Let's just keep talking about Gale Gobekli. Tepe forever. It's a good one. And. but now all I can think about is getting That theory officially named the welcome to the BoomTown Theory. Okay, I think that's great Cause it fits in every way Yeah For sure. It really does. Chuck I think if the two Davids here this, they're gonna be into That. You don't remember That song Mrs Christina drives a nine full four No I have, That's the first line. No idea What you're talking about. Oh, well I just sent it to you. It's a great Song. Okay, thanks man. Well, since Chuck sent me a song, obviously he's just triggered Listen name. That's Right.


This is from Ci And, it's about the Ford Motor Company. 'cause Ciara works there as a Michigander Hey. Guys, one thing I thought I'd mention about That is you mentioned That. The Ford Motor Company has been around since 1903. And is still standing, but it think one of the coolest things about our company is That. The What. Was it the Rouge site? Rouge River, I. Think Yeah the Rou Yeah, the Rouge River site. That, you also mentioned in the episode is still standing. And today builds F1 fifties And. Its history. The Rouge has built the Model B, the Mercury, the Thunderbird And, multiple generations of the Mustang. The site itself has so much history in the Henry Ford Museum. That, the Henry Ford Museum offers a rouge factory tour.


That actually takes you into one of the manufacturing buildings of the site to see the assembly line from a set of mezzanines. One last thing you didn't mention was That. He was a supporter of Prohibition And. It always reminds me of this funny quote from him. If booze ever comes back to the United States, I am through with manufacturing, I wouldn't be interested in putting automobiles into the hands of a generation soggy with drink. Thanks for all the knowledge. That, you share. And Keeping me Company on my compute And. That is from Ciara. Thanks Ciara. That's awesome We. Appreciate all the extra info. And If, you wanna be like Ciara And Show off your knowledge of extra info by sharing It with us.


We would love That. Just send it off to stuff Podcast at iHeartRadio dot com Stuff you Should. Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs, And technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, And more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers s all took off in Ohio. And, yours can too. A job That can take you further. And a place you can't wait to come home. To have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety. And efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with a superior lineup of Instock SUVs, including the adventure Ready RAV4, And capable, affordable Corolla cross. you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a Toyota dot com, the official website for deals to find out more Toyota, let's go places.


CCBs. This Friday TV's hottest show is Back Fire Country returns with a new season where Max Harriet Stars is Bodie Donovan now stepping into a whole new world outside of prison. The challenges are more dangerous. And, the stakes have never been higher. Battling fierce fires And his own personal demons, bodie's still fighting his journey towards redemption. Get ready for explosive action. Shocking twists. And intense small town drama. Don't Mrs an all new fire country CBS this Friday. And streaming on Paramount Plus part of CBS Premier Week.