
At t Rowe Price, their experience helps them see investment potential differently. Instead of quick answers, they know that what really leads to confident investing is true curiosity. In other words, they love a good deep dive. It's what drives them to ask the questions that really matter in our ever-changing world. Like, can healthcare innovations create a healthier world? And how will intelligence systems be part of a new tomorrow? Their curiosity runs deep, and with it comes the power to help you invest more confidently, better questions, better outcomes. T Rowe Price. Learn more at t rowe price.com/curiosity.


This episode is brought to you by 20th Century Studios. The amateur, Charlie Heller is the CIA's most brilliant computer analyst whose life is turned upside down when his wife is murdered in a terrorist attack wrought with grief, Charlie decides her killers must pay without any field experience. Charlie must trek the globe and use his biggest weapon, his intelligence, to enact as revenge because the most unexpected threat is an amateur starring Academy Award winner, Rami Malick and Academy Award nominee Lawrence Fishburne, the amateur rated PG 13 only in theaters and imax April 11th.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh, and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And this is Stuff You Should Know. And if this were the GONG Show, we would've been GONG a very long time ago, I believe. I think you mean Chucky baby. Yeah, that's right. Nice catch. 'cause we're talking about Chucky baby, the original one, not you. The Chucky baby. I got called that though back then because of this. Oh Really? Oh yeah. Boy, you've been alive for a long I get.


Well, I was about to say, man, this was right in my cult cultural wheelhouse from like seven to 10. But you, you, yeah. This that makes it a little young for you, or a little old for you, I guess. Yeah, I was a, I was a baby when it started. Yeah. I think I might have not been born quite yet when it started, but yeah, it was not something I watched as a toddler. Okay. So did you, did you watch any GONG show ever? Like was it re reruns or something? Yeah, I saw some reruns. Okay. I was never, I mean, I can understand The GONG Show is a cult classic. Yeah. And I totally get why it just never got me in that way, you know What I mean? Hey, when you're seven, it's pretty great. How bad you're like, come on, boobs. Yeah.


So we're not talking specifically just about the GONG Show. We're talking about the guy who is routinely, wrongly attributed for creating the GONG Show. And the reason why is because he was a legendary game show producer and he hosted the GONG Show, and his name was Chuck Baris. But just to kind of clear the air right out of the gate, the GONG Show was actually created by Chris Beard who would go on to become a legendary creator of another cult classic called Sherman Oaks in the nineties. I never watched that. Hmm. I've never heard of that. I feel like I had heard of it, but I, I, I don't, I really don't think I ever saw it. There's a lot of the nineties I probably don't remember, but Yeah. You know, I don't think I watched Sherman Oaks.


Yeah. The nineties were our seventies. Yeah. Yeah. Kind of like our seventies and our sixties combined. Yeah. And the reason we're talking about Chuck Barris is not just the fact that he was way ahead of his time in a lot of ways as far as what kind of content he was putting on television. Like a real visionary, If you look back at what we're seeing today, you know, and what he was doing at the time. But the reason we're talking about Chuck Barris is because he did that. And also as we will learn in Act three, well, we'll learn it now, but we'll get into it in Act three. Chuck Baris also wrote a book in 1984 after his TV career was pretty much over. Right. Wherein he said basically that while this was going on, he was a secret assassin for the ccia and carried out at least 33 murders on behalf of the American government.


And that was a book called Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, also made into a film of that same name, which makes this sort of a, an obvious pick for something for us to go over. I thought you were gonna say like something new came up about him or something like that recently. No. So how did you think of Chuck Barris? Like, are you always just walking around with Chuck Barris in the back of your mind? I don't. It popped up somehow and I was like, because I saw that movie and I was like, oh yeah. That's so weird that Chuck Barris wrote a memoir in which he said that he was a CIA assassin. Yeah. Like what was up like, 'cause I never even like did any research to see how untrue that may or may not have been. So that was really kind of it. Yeah. In the movie, I think that was George Clooney's directorial debut.


Yeah. They treat it like Yeah. It's, it's part of his life narrative. Yeah. Which was an interesting choice. But also it kind of gets you out of like really getting caught in the weeds of trying to explore if it was true and if it's not why he did that. Yeah. I think it was a good move actually. Yeah. So here we go on The Baron of Bad Taste, the King of Dynamite television. I've got one, the King of Schlock and drum roll. The Ayatollah of Trashola. Isn't that great In very of the time that that fits. Yeah. The Aya was on people's minds in the mid to late seventies. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, this guy was born in 1929.


Apparently when you read about interviews that he's, he's given like he was born in twenty nine, thirty, thirty one, thirty two. Yeah. Like he is not huge on keeping up with consistent details. Yeah. And I'm, I still don't know whether that was intentional, like was he toying with people all this time or did he just not pay attention to that kind of thing? 'cause he had bigger stuff going on. Yeah. Like killing people. Who knows. But he is a guy from Philly went to at the time, Drexel Institute of Technology. Now Drexel University in the fifties wanted to be a songwriter for Tin Pan Alley for a little while, ultimately would write a song which we'll get to, and then decided he wanted to get into television and became a page at NBC in 1955, which went nowhere because the daytime sales department, he was a a page for at the time was eliminated.


But that gave him the TV bug. Yeah. He, that was what he wanted to do was crack into tv. He even went so far as to marry the niece of the founder of CCBs. Not a bad man, a woman named Lynn Levy. No. But yeah, in the context of his ambitions, you're like, Hmm. Like, what's that? Like, you know, deliberate kind of thing. Who knows? I guess it doesn't really matter. Although, Yeah, he was married to her for 19 years. I will point that out. You know, so it seems like a, a real marriage Talk about keeping up appearances. Yeah. So yeah, he started out like Kenneth from 30 Rock didn't last, and then I don't know how it happened, but he ended up getting an assignment from A B, C. So he started at NBC, moved to a BC, and his sole job was to go babysit Dick Clark to make sure that he wasn't accepting bribes or being a corrupt host of American Bandstand.


Yeah. That was his job in his twenties. Yeah. And it was supposed to last just a couple of weeks. It ended up lasting a year. And then very interestingly, he kept copious notes every day. He would write up like a minute detailed account of everything that happened on set that day. And he would also include jokes and like parts of his philosophy and stuff like that. And it turned into like a 700 page document that ended up bailing Dick Clark out. Yeah. In the end, when Dick Clark testified in front of the US House subcommittee, it was about, you know, payola scandals of, you know, pay for play basically for music. Right? Yeah. Which was illegal.


It actually got him out, like you said. And Dick Clark was like, Hey buddy, I wonder what you were scribbling on all those that whole year, but you'd be nervous. You helped me out inadvertently, and now you got a full-time job in our daytime TV department here at a BC. Yeah. He also said, Hey, by the way, have you ever thought about getting into songwriting? And in fact, Dick Clark set him up with Freddy Boom, boon Cannon a a top recording artist at the time, and a friend of Dick Clark's, and he recorded a song, Palisades Park that Chuck Barris wrote, and it made it to like number three on the billboard charts. Oh yeah, I know that song. And I think in 1962, I think it was. Yeah. And the Beach Boys ended up covering it.


So that alone probably made him quite a, quite successful right out, right off the bat. Yeah, for sure. Even though his songwriting career, I mean, that was kind of it for, for songwriting because his TV career was taking off. He, by all appearances, was a very hard worker. And, you know, I, I don't want to, to come across as we're just, you know, singing Chuck Bees' praises constantly here. He, he changed the game in a lot of ways in tv, but as we'll see, because it was the seventies, there was a lot of misogyny tied into stuff he was doing on tv, which we'll get to. Just wanted to sort of level set on that. Yeah. I think that was good. But Winnie was working for a, b, c, he became, worked his way up to director of daytime programs and initially got on the map with them by making a pilot about, it was called People Poker.


And it was, it was sort of the, the first sign that he wanted to do a different kind of game show, like sort of a what would become like a Jerry Springer type thing with a game show component with, as far as People Poker goes, was people were on the show to guess the professions of different other people in this pilot, which is, I believe, as far as it went, he had all women on the show. He had brain surgeons, police officers, and sex workers. And it ended up that the cops and the sex workers got into a literal fight, and the show obviously didn't go anywhere. And he left a, B, C not too long after. Yeah. So that was huge that he struck out on his own.


And in fact, shortly after that he founded Chuck Baris Productions. That was 1965. So probably as the Door was still swinging behind him at a b, C. Yeah. Which, by the way, you said he was the director of daytime programs. Apparently he didn't like that title, so he changed his official title to Duke of daytime. That's the kind of guy he was. This guy's working his way up. And that's one of the things he does. Right? Yeah. So it does make sense that he goes off and founds his own production company with a $20,000 loan from his stepdad. And that ended up paying off because in 1965, he developed the dating game, he turned around and sold it to his former employer, A, B, C. And it was basically off the bat, a smash hit in that it was innovative, it was a pioneering game show up to this point.


Like you said, this was all new. People answered questions on quiz shows, or there were puzzles or something like that. No one was doing this kind of thing. And Chuck Baris literally came up with it, sorry, he genuinely, sincerely came up with it and it, it, it was, it just, it put him on the map and just kinda showed everybody what he could do for better or worse, like you were saying. Yeah. And the dating game was huge. I mean, I watched a lot of dating game as a kid. Jim Lang was the original host back then. Eventually Chuck Woolery would take over, he'll be back in two and two, as we all know. Yeah. And if you've never seen the dating game, the format was, there are three potential dates hidden on the other side of a screen.


And a woman interviews these three men and then supposedly goes on a date with one of them. But what it became known for eventually was, was people coming on early in their career who were underemployed or unemployed actors. So Sally Field Schwarzenegger, Tom Sellick, John Ham, Andy Kaufman as Laka, like workshopping a character as you know, as a contestant on the dating game as A eligible bachelor on the dating game. Oh yeah. Laka, it was a big deal. It was a huge show. And I want to quickly plug this new movie from Anna Kendrick Woman of the Hour on Netflix. Have you heard of it? Yeah, I haven't seen it yet though.


It's good, man. Anna Kendrick's directorial debut, she knocked it out of the park. I think it's a really effective movie about the true story of a dating game. Bachelor, Rodney Alcala, who was a serial killer, and he was on the game after he had been a serial, while he was a serial killer, won the dating game. And the woman who was the bachelorette refused to go on the date with him because he was such a creepy weirdo. Hmm. But it's a, it's a really effective movie. Like she nails the, the threat that a woman feels generally from men, like more effectively than maybe I've seen anyone ever do it, like crawling out of your skin Wow.


Just by this guy like being in a parking lot with her at night, like that kind of thing. Yeah. And plus also at that time too, that was fully socially supported. Yeah. Like, men could be total creeps and put their hands on women and it was pretty much like, yeah. That's just the way things are at the time too. Yeah. Good Movie though. So he followed up the dating game with the newly wood game. Huge. Very similar except, well, not that similar. I mean, the format was different enough that, that, it's not the exact same game, but he took married couples, we've talked about this before, I think on our game shows episode. And he would separate the husbands and keep the wives back and ask them questions about what their husband would answer, say to some question.


Then he'd, he'd bring the husbands out and they'd go through and see if their, their answers matched. And then invariably, like they would get it wrong. And some wives would get mad if they got it right. Some couples would kiss, it was like very cute. They were newlyweds. Right. But the, the content of both the dating game and the Newlywed Game were so raunchy that in a lot of cases there were segments of the dating game that Chuck Bears was like, well, can't use that. Yeah. Because the guy mentioned his, his junk in like a really vulgar term. Yeah. Like, like, like junk. Was He Yeah, exactly. He said, he said even he was surprised at first that that's not what he was going for, but when it, it started to, when he could get enough of the innuendo and everything out as produced shows that were aired and the popularity that they were met with, he's like, well, I guess this is the direction I'm going.


Yeah. And so for the first time on TV you had people airing parts of their personal lives on television and you had people that Chuck Barris even acknowledged like the prize money wasn't good on these shows, like they were doing these shows to be on tv. Yeah. That was also partially deliberate on his, his his part. Because I, I read a interview with him and he said that like a wife will bonker husband over the head with like the, the card that she has the answer written on if he gets a question wrong when there's a toaster at stake, but If you have like a yacht at stake Right. That completely changes the dynamic of it's game.


Fun game and takes away all of the fun. Yeah. Yeah. We could have won a yacht. Exactly. But at the same time, he also said that like the Newlyw game was also famous for couples just going totally gaga over pretty mundane prizes. Yeah. And the other couples would be upset or they'd look kind of upset that they didn't win. And he said that he would do pre-interviews with people and ask what their dream prize was and then he would put together three couples that all had the same dream prize. Oh. So it would hurt that much more when they didn't get it. So I don't know which one's true, or maybe both are true, but that's another ex another example of him speaking outta both sides of his mouth, which he did a lot.


Yeah. And the data shows that 80% of Newlywed couples in the seventies, their dream prize was an all expense paid trip to Acapulco. Yeah. Well that's what they got. Whether they liked it or not, the most exotic place in the world at the time. Oh Man. Acapulco was so big back then. I didn't even know anything about Acapulco. Is it still around? I believe it's still around. I don't think it's fallen into the ocean yet. Alright. So Baris is killing it with dating Game A Newlywed game. He started just producing show after show after show. The only one I'll mention is the only one from this list that I really watched, which was the dollar 98 beauty show hosted by the Yes.


Late Great Rip Taylor. Yeah. I'm glad that was the one you chose. That was the one I was like, what is that? And I researched it and I was like, you have to be Kidding me. It was so good. The prize was a dollar and 98 cents and Rip Taylor's just a, a, a legend and you know, sort of an American gay icon in the seventies. Yeah. The guy who wore a really bad toupee and would throw confetti all the time. He's great. Yeah, he was great. So yeah, that show was one of the ones that Chuck Baris really took a lot of heat for it. It was described by him as a spoof of pageants. Yeah. So they were making fun of actual pageants, but the way that they made fun of it was to humiliate and embarrass women who normally wouldn't have participated in a traditional beauty contest.


That's right. Rather than celebrating them. They pointed out all the reasons why they couldn't have made it on a real beauty contest. It was just some of the quotes I read were really, really mean. And yet it was a hit show at the time. I think it was just on for a couple of years. But that was seems to be about how long his, his shows lasted. But they were like huge flashes in the pan sometimes. Yeah. Not all the time. He had some flops, but he would, you know, a show like that would be on for a few years and then it'd just be gone. Yeah. And just to stick up for myself a little bit, the 8-year-old Chuck didn't realize he was being fed. Oh yeah. Blatant misogyny at the time. Yeah. Again, I mean, that's how things were.


It's, it's really like changed for the better in so many ways. 'cause yeah, like I'm like, I'm sure grown men were just laughing so hard at those insults. It's just crazy. Yeah. I was probably like, my dad's laughing, so let me bond with him. Exactly. Yeah. Or try to at least, so Oh, no, no, no. Do your laugh from the, that's not quite a laugh from the Halloween episodes. I can't redo it. It'll just be a disappointment. Oh man. Alright, before we break, we should mention that he got into book writing in 1974. He would, like you said, go on to write many books. And I believe at the end of his life, he even kind of hoped he would be remembered for as an author rather than the King of schlock.


But in 74 he published you and Me Babe. You and Me Babe. A fictionalized account of his marriage, which ended a couple of years after the book came out. But he game the system like we talked about gaming the system for the New York Times bestseller list. And that shorty episode landed on that New York Times bestseller list. But you know, that's, that's how he started his book writing career. Yeah. And at the time, this is 1974, this is like, you pretty much were in the TV industry to know, to have heard really of Chuck Barris. Yeah. To know what he was doing. He was not a cultural icon yet. So that was, there was a chance at the time that he could have been remembered for an author.


Yeah. But he made a huge fateful decision in 1976. And we'll talk about that fateful decision right after this Slick.


There's nothing like sinking into luxury. Anna Bay Sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. Anaba has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers, and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids pets, or anyone who loves an easy to clean, spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699 and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


It's a quickly changing world, and when it comes to investing every day brings new questions the way to truly confident investing well that road is paved with curiosity. That's why at t Rowe Price, they're relentlessly curious. They don't settle for fast answers. That's right. Especially when it comes to your retirement, because yesterday's answers may not be the ones you need today to secure a successful retirement tomorrow. So how much is enough? What If you don't wanna stop working or even switch gears and take on chapter two? These questions just scratch the surface. The possibilities and the unexpected of what your future could hold are endless. Find out more on their podcast, confident Conversations on Retirement, where they dig deep with questions that will get to the answers you are looking for so you can feel confident investing in your future. T Rowe Price Confident Conversations on Retirement podcast, find it on your favorite podcast platform or visit t rowe price.com/podcast.


Hey everybody, we wanna talk to you about Squarespace and in particular, If you have a great idea that you wanna sell on the web. Well, Squarespace makes it easy to sell access to content on your websites. That's right. You can do online courses, you can do blogs, videos, memberships. You can even earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. Simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. That's Right. And you can get your content discovered fast. With integrated SEO tools, every Squarespace website is optimized to be indexed with meta descriptions and auto-generated sitemap and more. So you show up more often to more people in global search engine results. Just Go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff S-T-U-F-F to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain.


Alright, we're back. Josh left a quite a cliffhanger with the, the word that Chuck Baris made a very faithful decision and that faithful decision was to to be the actual host of what would be the thing he was most known, known for the GONG Show, which ran for but two years in daytime, then a couple of more years in syndication until 1980. And you know, Baris said initially, like I thought this would be basically what we see now with like America's Got Talent, like a real talent show with real amateur talent. Yeah. But he got a lot of bad people in there and decided to go a different route. And the show ended up being very bad talent.


That was, I mean, the premise of the show was they performed in front of celebrity, a celebrity panel and if it was so bad the the celebrity panel, one of them could, or all of them sometimes could get up and hit the GONG, which would end their performance if they managed to make it through without the GONG, they would rate them on a scale of zero to 10. Yeah. But the, the celebrity pan and we're talking like celebrities of 20 years before panel. Right. Or if they were active celebrities, like say Jamie Farr, they were like B-List maybe. Yeah. They were the game show celebrities kinda like match match game level stuff, right? Yeah. Right. But they, the celebrity judges on the panel had to wait 45 seconds.


Right. He couldn't bang the GONG 45 seconds. So you'll see some GONG shows where Jamie FARs is standing there at the GONG waiting for that 40 46 second so he can hit it and then if they made it 90 seconds, that's when they would judge and potentially win. Yeah. And it was just, so I found a description of it. This is Encyclopedia Britannica, it was a quote, part talent show, parentheses, most contestants conspicuously lacked talent. Yeah. Part demented variety show. That's that's an Encyclopedia Britannica describing this. Yeah, I mean it was, it was really, really funny because the talent was bad and you could laugh at that.


The panelists really yed it up and sometimes one would have the GONG hammer, the whatever you call the thing, you hit the GONG with this, the mallet, I guess. And other celebrity, the panelists would be trying to rip it out of their hands and like, no, no, no, let it go. They're all hamming it up. And Chuck Barris as host was, he was, he's probably the weirdest TV show host in TV show history in, and just how he hosted a show and how he behaved, the, the weird things he did, it was just very awkward and strange. Yeah. Like he would hide his face by pulling hats. Yeah. Like big old hats that he would wear down over his eyes and he'd be talking to the audience like, like continuing on the show.


But he clearly wanted to crawl into that hat and hide. He was beyond awkward. So when you put all this stuff together, like bad talent acts that aren't trying to be bad, in some cases, a really weird awkward host that's clearly uncomfortable hosting a game show. And then, you know, these, these, like you said, celebrity judges on the panel hamming it up like you have a cult classic today. But at the time there was nothing even remotely like this that anyone had ever done ever. It was totally groundbreaking. I was two, but even I knew that at the time that that was a groundbreaking show. You Said Mama groundbreaking.


That's right. Yes, dear. Yeah, that's exactly what she said too. So I don't think we said that If you won, you get a little GONG Trophy and you get a check for $516 and 30 32 cents, which was the sag minimum daily rate at that time. And what the GONG Show again, in retrospect, retrospect became known for in some ways was the fact that some real, you know, talented people sometimes got their break there sometimes didn't necessarily get their break, but they were, it was the first time they'd ever done anything, you know, on television before singer, country singer songwriter Boxcar Willi was on the band Oingo Boingo, when they were the Mystic Knights of the Oingo Boingo, Yeah.


They would go on to, their biggest hit was weird science. Oh ding. Much other, I mean, oil Go Boy Ghost Great. Yeah. But I mean, their big hit was that, and then the other one was Dead Man's Party, which I think they played great time at a party and back to school Probably. And, and they're probably best known now for the fact that their lead singer and songwriter was Danny Elfman. Yeah. So Danny Elfman, he was a huge composer, especially in the late eighties, early nineties. I mean, he did some really high profile stuff, one of which was the Simpson's theme. Oh yeah, Batman. Yeah. He also, a lot of Tim Burton's stuff too. He also did the theme, he composed the theme to Peewee Herman.


Peewee Herman's, I don't know if it was PeeWee's Playhouse, but certainly PeeWee's Big Adventure. Yeah. He, he composed, and that's interesting because they actually could have potentially crossed paths on the GONG Show. 'cause Oingo Boingo wasn't the only one on there. Paul Rubins was as he was kind of trying to start to develop his Peewee Herman character. Yeah. He was on, well he was on the dating game a few times as sort of the, the proto Peewee Herman character, the GONG Show 14 times. And he, he later in his career credited Chuck Baris. He was like, if it hadn't have been, for me getting just the sag minimum payment to be on that show, that made me able to focus on my career and, and my work with the Groundlings Improv Group and not have to get another job.


And the fact that like, I got to workshop this character, it got me in the public eye. Like he really kind of credited Chuck Baris with not only helping him, but all kinds of struggling artists besides Ongo Boingo and Boxcar Willi. Andrea McArdle was a, was a 12-year-old who performed on the GONG Show and she would get cast as the Broadway lead and Annie, because she was discovered on that show. So, you know, things like that were were happening. Another singer named, did you mention Cheryl Lynn? I Didn't, no. Yeah, she got a recording contract, another singer because of her appearance on the GONG Show. So she Was the one she recorded that disco hit Got to be Real.


I don't know that song. It's got to be real Susu Susu Susu. I gotta Have It Baby. You know that song? I don't, I Don't know. Please don't make me continue. No, it's okay. I'll look It up. So yes, she, she released the disco hit among other things from what I know. But there's one more thing I wanted to, to mention about Paul Rubins. He didn't always do peewee. One of the things he did, and I could not find a video of it, but I saw it written of he impersonated a dripping faucet as one of his acts. That's pretty good. Yeah. I thought that was very creative. It Was. I mean, he was a groundling. He's a very funny guy. He got, he was, I mean he was known most for Peewee obviously.


And I think he at times felt like he was sort of stuck in that character. It became so big he couldn't do anything else. But he was also very in love and appreciative with that character, you know? Yeah. We saw his, you, me and I went to Los Angeles and saw his live Peewee PeeWee's Playhouse. I bet that was so great show. It was really good. And yes, he was trapped in Peewee Herman for the most part, but he did a great turn in Mystery Men as the spleen remember? Yeah, good god. He was, he Didn't get enough of those chances, unfortunately. But, but I think we should do a peewee episode at some point. You Bet. Let's do a, a peewee three parter. Alright. So the end would come for Chuck Baris as far as his TV work goes at his peak.


This is staggering. And this is, you know, mind you, a time when there were three main television networks, it was even Pre Fox as far as programming goes. He was supplying 27 hours a week of, of programming of, of TV game shows, which is, I mean, I don't know what percentage of that overall, you know, of, of their overall programming that was, but 27 hours a week is your, your King daddy tv if you're doing that. Yeah. You, you literally can fill more than a, a full day of programming every week of new stuff. That's crazy. Yeah, totally. And in 1980, sort of at the peak, I guess it was starting to, to wane a little bit, he shut it down, sold his TV company for supposedly a hundred million bucks, did a little TV here and there.


But basically that was it for him. And one of the reasons, and there are many, you know, taste change and the people were sort of moving away from that kind of thing a little bit, I think. But the show called Three is a crowd that he pitched in the sixties and then would later do a pilot for in the seventies, had a lot to do with his downfall. My goodness. So the original version was one of the most abhorrent ideas anyone's ever come up with for a game show. It was, you were gonna have a man and his wife, and then the man's mi mistress and the mistress and the wife would compete answering questions like on the Newlywed Game to see who knew him better. Unbelievable. Can you imagine?


Yeah. And apparently they made a pilot. Oh yeah. I can't like, think about how ruined those people's lives were. Like, even if it sounded like a lark at the time, like just to, just to go through that in actuality had to be totally different from the idea of it. Yeah. So he revamped it a little bit and then replaced the mistress with the secretary. Yeah. And it was still the same format. And even that alone proved to be extremely awkward and uncomfortable to watch. Yeah. Thinly veiled mistress is what they should have called it. Sure. Sure. So that didn't last very long, and that one seemed to really draw the most ire He got the, the goal, the Grand Gobbler Award that year from the National Organization for Women, which dubbed him the year's largest living Turkey.


Yeah. And this, he'd been doing this for decades already, but that's how bad that show was that like, they gave him that and they said that this was from his, his lifetime body of work, but that's how bad threes a crowd was received. And apparently the United Auto Workers also came out against it because they represented a lot of women workers back then. Yeah. So the UAW and now came out against it really hard and he ended up just saying like, you know what, forget it, I'm done. Not, not just am I gonna like fade into the background and keep producing shows. He, I think sold Chuck Bear's Productions and just retreated. Yeah. He retreated, but not before he made one final mistake, which was in 1980, the GONG Show movie pretty much universally known as one of the worst movies ever made.


It was Robert Downey Sr. Was going to write and direct it as a slapstick comedy. Chuck Barris didn't like that direction, so he took over as director, turned it to a more serious thing about him and, you know, Chuck Baris story of, and how difficult it was to be sort of known as the King of Schlock. And it was just a, a mess. Yeah. I, I didn't see it, but I remember when it came out, and I even remember it, the time it being a a, a massive failure. Yeah. It was a flop right outta the gates. Not just with critics, but with audiences too. And I watched a couple trailers for it and I mean, he didn't seem to have really gotten rid of the slapstick element, so he tried to com combine a serious sympathetic look at his life.


Right. Which slapstick and yeah. It did not work at all. And if you've ever, have you ever seen Ringmaster the Jerry Springer movie? Oh no. Is it a documentary or it's No, it's a slightly fictionalized version where he plays himself kinda like our TV show, but it is Oh, interesting. Like, there's no way Jerry Springer didn't watch The GONG Show movie and say like, I wanna remake that. It's basically what he did. You know, I think the lesson we can learn here from our TV show from that one and from the GONG Show movie, is it slightly fictionalized versions of a real job? Don't go over too Well. They don't work. Don't try. Don't even do it. You want to take a break and come back for the rest of this?


Yeah. I mean, I think everyone knows what's hanging out there. Coming up in Act three. Did Chuck Baris assassinate people for a living while he was a TV producer? Right. For this


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa, wash away your worries with an bay. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


It's a quickly changing world and when it comes to investing every day brings new questions the way to truly confident investing well that road is paved with curiosity. That's why at t Row Price, they're relentlessly curious. They don't settle for fast answers. That's right. Especially when it comes to your retirement, because yesterday's answers may not be the ones you need today to secure a successful retirement tomorrow. So how much is enough? What If you don't wanna stop working or even switch gears and take on chapter two? These questions just scratch the surface, the possibilities and the unexpected of what your future could hold are endless. Find out more on their podcast, confident Conversations on Retirement, where they dig deep with questions that will get to the answers you are looking for so you can feel confident investing in your future. T Rowe Price Confident Conversations on Retirement podcast, find it on your favorite podcast platform or visit t rowe price.com/podcast.


This episode is brought to you by 20th Century Studio's. The amateur, Charlie Heller is the CIA's most brilliant computer analyst whose life is turned upside down when his wife is murdered in a London terrorist attack wrought with grief. Charlie decides her killers must pay. He implores his CIA superiors to send him to train under Agent Henderson to become a skilled assassin after a few field tests. Henderson is convinced that no matter how much training Charlie receives, he will never have what it takes to become a killer. But Charlie doesn't let this stop him. And without the support of the CIA, he embarks on a journey across the globe hunting down each one of his wife's murderers. Without the skills of an assassin, Charlie must use his biggest weapon, his intelligence to enact as revenge because the most unexpected threat is an amateur Starring Academy Award winner. Rami Malick, Rachel Brosnahan, Katrina blf, Michael Stuhlbarg, an Academy Award nominee Lawrence Fishburne, the amateur rated PG 13 only in theaters and IMAX April 11th.


Okay. Chuck, like you said, in 1984, Chuck Baris released a, an autobiography called Confessions of A Dangerous Mind. The subtitle was an unauthorized autobiography, which is pretty funny. Yeah. And in it he recounts apparently, as far as the critics concern were concerned, like pretty masterfully. He recounts his life as a game show producer, as a hated destroyer of civility and taste, you know, across American culture and just how he dealt with that. But some of the other parts were also part of his life at the time, mixed in where he was going abroad as a CIA hitman and carrying out contract killings for the CIA 33 of them by his count.


And he would describe these in graphic detail. Apparently there was one where he writes about having broken some guy's front teeth because he jammed the gun with the silencer in there and it's really graphic stuff. And he is writing about this totally matter of factly and seemingly totally onic as if he's revealing to the world that he, he was both this producer, this legendary producer and secretly at the same time a hitman. Yeah. And, and you, you know, the, the idea was that he was, it was the perfect cover because nobody would suspect Chuck Baris TV producer, king of schlock of doing something like this. So the Ccia a just loved it. Did you see the movie?


Yeah, I thought it was, if I remember correctly, I thought it was pretty good. Yeah, it was pretty good. It wasn't great but it was pretty good. It was, it was a weird movie and it was a weird book when he, there were some critics, I believe Jeff Simon from Buffalo News said that Chuck Baris is alive and well and living in schizophrenia. Other reviewers tried to suggest that it was a metaphor and that it's really about a guy that's struggling so much with his life as an outsider that it was, you know, it was all just metaphor. Wait, Wait, you gotta finish the rest. Like this egg Gorman guy really missed the mark If you ask me.


Alright. Suggesting with this concede is that he spent his life as an outsider, an assassin of sorts dealing with a species that frightens him baffle sim. Yeah. That's like terribly, terribly terrible. I think that was, there's A lot of leeway there for for sure what Barris was intending. And I don't know what he was intending and no one really does the, the only interview with any clear sort of indication that it was all a put on was when he gave to Regis and Cindy Garvey on the morning show when the book was released, when he very, you know, in a very straightforward way said I was not in CIA, wanted to be got an FBI background check, but then got my job working in television, which is what I wanted to do.


And that the, the version of me in this book is just a character. But he did say a character crucified by the critics for entertaining the public. So there, you know, there was maybe a little bit of metaphor to it after all, what's Weird to me is it doesn't seem that anyone just took it as face value is not even a metaphor, just an interesting thing that he did in his autobiography Right. To punch it up. Everybody seems to just be totally perplexed by it. The best explanation I saw, apparently he hinted in some interviews that he used it as a device to point out that all of those critics and, and people in like government who criticized him so openly and so meanly in a lot of cases too, would also have totally praised him for killing on behalf of the American government.


That seems like a stretch as well, but it's better than Ed Gorman's interpretation I think. Yeah. I mean it's sort of that, and you know, I do agree with this is the American way as far as entertainment goes, which is boo sex and yay violence. Yeah. But you know, there's a difference between, you know, he wasn't filming like tasteful love scenes. It was, it was some pretty blatant misogyny happening. Yeah. I mean, through and through, over and over again. Even so like, like I was saying a couple of times at the time, this is just how things were. So it really goes to show just how much over the line he went, that he was roundly criticized and made fun of and mocked by people for the level of misogyny his shows displayed.


Yeah. That's how misogynistic his shows were in a lot of cases. Yeah, for sure. The CIA for, for their, as far as they go, they were like, of course in 2002 a spokesman named Tom Cri be for the ccia A said, it's absurd. It sounds like he's been standing a little too close to the GONG all those years. Which of course Chuck Barris said, yeah, of course. That's what they're gonna say. Have you ever heard the CIA acknowledge someone was an assassin? Right. It's a good, good, good point. Yeah. And it seemingly a good way to sell books even though it didn't turn out that way. Right. No, it languished in obscurity for 20 years before his friend Andrew Lazar producer picked it up.


Apparently he sold less than a thousand copies, which was about 1% of the the run, the first and I guess, well the first run, they later re-released it when the movie came out. But yeah, one of his friends was like, you know, I've always thought this was a pretty cool book. Let's see what, what Charlie Kaufman can do to it. So they had Charlie Kaufman write a screenplay based on the book and no one's ever seen that. No one as far as I know, well I don't know that no one's ever seen it. There's a script out there that he wrote, but it never got made. Right. 'cause George Clooney came along and like I said, made the decision of, Nope, we're gonna present all this as face value. We're not gonna do anything weird with it, we're just gonna basically shoot the movie version of his, his book.


Yeah. I mean an interesting choice and, and it was a pretty good movie. Like Sam Rockwell was great. Yeah. As Chuck Baris, like the perfect casting. But man Charlie Kaufman is so unique in his take and spin on things. I would've really loved to seen what that movie would've been. Yeah. I wonder if the script is out there. Surely somebody had the wherewithal to be like, this needs to be out there in the world. I, maybe we can get our hands on it. I, I remember years ago, my friend Stacy, who works, still works in the film business, would give me screenplays at the time when she would get 'em from her jobs just to, I was trying to learn how to write scripts and so it's always good to read scripts and she gave me one called The Orchid Thief Oh yeah.


By Charlie Kaufman. Yeah. And I read it and I, I read it in a night and called her the next day and I was like, Stacey, I've never read anything like this before in my life. Yeah. Like this is the craziest movie and narrative I've ever heard of. And that would become adaptation. Such a good movie. And that's the first time I had heard of Charlie. Charlie Kaufman was reading that script like before they even made the movie. This is in pre-production. Yeah. And then he followed that up with being John Malkovich or vice versa. I can't remember. No, no, he's So no that was first I think. Yeah. Because John Cusack plays a, a cameo in adaptation. Right? Yeah. Yeah. I would like to read that script too.


The movie itself. Did you notice, I don't know if this is just my interpretation, but in the early two thousands about the first decade movies were like overly polished, overly tight. Yeah. The Bob Crane movie, what was that one? Oh at one point your favorite movie. Autofocus. Autofocus. Right? Yes. It was just, everything is just too polished, too perfect. Yeah. And I think that was a, the Confessions of a Dangerous Mind was another good example. Catch Me If You Can, I think is the pinnacle example of this. Where these movies are so refined and so polished and so clearly done by Hollywood people who've been doing it for so long that they've kind of lost the Not edge but just the the heart.


Yeah. To what they're doing. That it's not actually particularly entertaining for me. Yeah. I mean with Catch Me If You Can, it makes sense 'cause it's Spielberg but Auto Focus was Paul Schrader so that, I mean he's not known for being slick in Hollywood. So that is, I, I just remember early on when you and I were getting to be friends at work, you talked a lot about Auto Focus. I loved that movie at first. Yeah. For a while. I do too. I haven't seen it for a while. Yeah. Good movie. Yeah, Greg near what kind of casting was that? I know that's just nuts. Yeah, he was good though. So spoiler alert, Chuck Barris died. He died in 2017 at age the ripe old age of 87. Although it's not entirely clear, he was 87, 88, 86.


Right. Yeah. But that's what they put down in his obituary at 87. He also wrote some other books over the years. He did a follow up to Confessions of a Dangerous Mind called, what was it called? Bad Grass Never Dies I think that he released in 2004. And he doesn't mention, he talks about a lot of the same scenes, does not mention any of the CIA stuff in that one. Yeah. Which is just, I think he was, yeah, it was almost like a do over. Yeah. And I think he was toying with people, I'm not sure. But that's my take. And he said that he wanted to be remembered I think as a, a novelist I think you said. And that's just not how he was remembered. But apparently he was a good enough author that he's also remembered in part as a, as a novelist.


Yeah. Chuck Baris. There's one other thing he invented syndication Chuck. Oh really? Yeah. He created a game called Parent Game and in 1972 ABC was like, nah, we don't actually wanna do this. So he bought the rights to the game back from them and went directly to stations and sold it to stations, hence creating the entire concept of syndication. Oh wow. Yeah man. I mean a real visionary in a lot of ways and just a, a kind of a kooky guy. Yeah. Well Chuck said he was kind of a kooky guy and as anyone who's ever listened to Stuff You Should Know before knows that Chuck just unlocked listener mail.


That's right. Quick correction on A DHD guys. And we do wanna read this one 'cause it's a kind of an important thing we got wrong. Oh no. Wanna point out a minor correction toward the end. It was mentioned a couple of brand name drugs that are amphetamine based stimulants. Adderall, Vyvanse and Stratera Strat though guys is one of the non-stimulant A DHD medications. It is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor and is not a controlled substance. I couldn't help point it out because I'm a pharmacist and miscategorizing a pharmaceutical. I could keep listeners from trying something that could help them if they're adverse to amphetamines. Great point.


Regardless, I have to say, I've always been meaning to send in an email. Thanks for the work you've done Avid listener for five years and it's truly fascinating to learn about the variety of topics and I really love the chemistry you guys have between each other to Get it. And that is from Michael on. Thanks A lot Michael. We really appreciate that. That was a huge miss and thanks for following up and letting us tell everybody else that we got it wrong. 'cause that is pretty important and we got a lot of emails from a lot of people about the A DHD episode, so thanks to everybody who wrote in About that big time. Yeah. It would seem like a, a pretty important suite to a lot of folks and that means a lot to us. Yeah, For sure. We actually got people who were like, I had no idea that I had a DH adhd.


Yeah. Until you, I listened to this episode and realized you were talking about me beat for beat. Like I can't, that's just nuts that were running around diagnosing people with A DHD with the podcast. Yeah. And I had even several personal friends that that knew they had hd A DHD that were like, I never knew this part of my life was due to that. Right. Even yeah. And that, you know, that's great. It makes us feel good. Yeah, for sure. So If you wanna make us feel good or you want to point out something we got wrong, doesn't matter, you can do it via email. Send it off to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com.


Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


At t Rowe Price, their experience helps them see investment potential differently. Instead of quick answers, they know that what really leads to confident investing is true curiosity. In other words, they love a good deep dive. It's what drives them to ask the questions that really matter in our ever-changing world. Like, can healthcare innovations create a healthier world? And how will intelligent systems be part of a new tomorrow? Their curiosity runs deep and with it comes the power to help you invest more confidently, better questions, better outcomes. T row price. Learn more at t row price.com/curiosity.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments and shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


I'm ready to fight. Oh, this is fighting worse. Okay, I put the hammer back. Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America. Now, more than ever, we need to use our voices to fight back. Part of the power of black queer creativity is the fact that we got us, you know, We are the greatest culture makers in world history. Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.