
Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Hey everybody, I want to talk to you about courses from Squarespace. Start with a professional layout that fits your brand. Upload video lessons to teach techniques and skills, and tailor your course with a powerful fluid engine editor. Create engaging content with your audience that they're gonna love. Then just simply add a paywall and set the price. You can charge a one-time fee or even sell subscriptions. Turn that creativity into income with Squarespace courses. And right now, go to squarespace.com/stuff for free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Welcome To. Stuff You Should Know, a production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And this is Stuff You. Should Know, the biopic edition of Henry. Who plays them. Hmm. Well, I feel like technology's getting close to a point where we could dig him up and reanimate him and he could just play himself. So maybe we wait like five years and then do it. Yeah. you know, I, I didn't even see a lot of pictures of this guy.


You have, he's very plain looking, but I, if you know If, you know what you're looking at a pic, like a picture of him. He's a wily old codger. I thought you were gonna say cuss. I could've, it would've worked just as well. But you could just, you can just see it. And the more you know about him, when you see one of his pictures, you can just see all of it. It's really interesting. But he's very plain looking. Yeah. So I wouldn't be surprised if you'd seen a picture of, and it just didn't recognize him. I'm looking at him now. He doesn't look super familiar, but I mean, I kind of have a go-to that. Either, either Michael Shannon or Sam Rockwell should play everybody. Right. And I could see Sam Rockwell gussied up here a little bit as Henry Ford.


What about Danny McBride? Build a car with all the fi exons, little eastbound and down joke for the fans out there. Sure. I was more a Vice-principals fan. Ah, that was great too. Walton Goggins. He should play 'em. Get him in there. There you Go. Maybe they could just trade off halfway through the movie. Yeah. And see who f-bombs better. So let's get this started. Yeah, let's get this started in here. Alright. Well, if we're gonna talk about Henry Ford, who, by the way, I feel like we don't need some big whopping intro, but I think a lot of people recognize Henry Ford as a, as the founder of the Ford Motor Company, and not the, not the inventor of the automobile, but certainly the gentleman who made the automobile ubiquitous, affordable kind of thing for the, the common person.


Yeah. He's also strongly associated with the assembly line. Yeah. Which he did not invent, but he just like the automobile, he definitely like made it a thing. And, and in doing these things like normalizing the, the assembly line and car ownership really had a huge impact on history, especially the history of America. For sure. Shall we talk about where he was born or you wanna skip that? No, I mean, he was born in Dearborn, Michigan. What's next? That was in 1863, July 30th to William and Mary Ford. Yeah. And his pops was a, was an Irish immigrant farmer, and his mom was a homemaker, had a bunch of siblings.


And this is something that you can put a pin in. It's kind of very, seems very key to his life, or at least his formative years, is that he went to one of those kind of old school one room schoolhouses until he was 17 years old. It was literally old school. Yeah. Very old school. But it seemed to be a, a big deal to him as we'll see later. Yeah, for sure. So, just kind of skipping ahead a little bit, he, like Rudolph Diesel was fascinated by engines from a very early age and was like, I wanna build one of those along the way before he got to the point of building things like cars and everything, he tried his own hand at farming. Like his, his old man, he got married to a woman named Clara who he would stay married to for the rest of his life.


And he got a job with Thomas Edison at Thomas Edison's, I believe is Menlo Park complex and had his own little shop and everything and was very interested in trying to create a, a gasoline engine after reading an article in American Machinist, which is now known as Hustler. I'm not gonna say, is That true? Can you imagine what a transformation That would be? I think one of the the interesting things about his early life though is that, and just for some reason this strikes me as hysterical, is that he had some horse riding accidents when he was a kid.


And I kind of was like, you know what? I want to, I wanna get rid of those things. Like yeah, those are, those are dangerous. Yeah. And, we shouldn't be riding them or using them for work. And that seemed to be one of the, the strange childhood drives to start working with machinery. Yeah, It is very strange. It's really not at all surprising, I guess really If you think about it that his skills at building cars, his desire and drive to build cars is what he built his career on. Like, like very much so. Like he built a few cars and especially the first one called the Quadricycle. It was so named because it looked like two bicycles parked next to each other.


Yeah. And he built this thing like, I think he and his friends built the parts they needed or else they stripped other things like steam engines of parts and really like built this thing from scratch and then he would ride it around town and caught the attention of some very wealthy people in Detroit. And particular the mayor named William Mayberry, who became his first real investor and was like, you need to build more of these and we're gonna sell a bunch of 'em. So together in 1899, was it, they formed the Detroit Motor Company. This was Henry Ford's first car companies. His first attempt, Yeah. His first couple of attempts at car, car companies and bringing a car that actually could be mass produced and sell on the market were not successful.


This one folded, about a year later he got investors for the Henry Ford company next that also failed to bring about a car that he could sell to people. But kind of interestingly that that company went on to become, once Ford was kind of shown the exit, the Cadillac automobile company. Yeah. I looked up, I, I was always like, what is Cadillac named after? It's named after the founder of Detroit, Antoine de La Moth Cadillac, who established what would become Detroit in 1701. So that's where Cadillac's named after. For anybody who is wondering, Yeah, maybe we should do a show in caddies at some point.


Okay. I'm not a big car guy, but the, the caddies iconic. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah. I mean, at the very least, outcast loves it. Right. And the thing he did next was, you know, he was always trying to raise money and always had kind of a love-hate relationship with investors. Yeah. Because he, he was like, you know, I need their money, but that's kind of all they're good for. Otherwise they just meddle in my creative genius. Right. So he said about racing cars to kind of drum up publicity and investor interest. And that's what happened when he started winning races with two cars, the arrow and the 9 99, which is look these things up. They're super cool looking.


And that led to some investors, most notably a guy named Alexander Malcolmson. Yeah. So just like building the quadricycle and riding around, like setting the, the land speed record in one of the race cars he built that attracted Malcolmson too. And Malcolmson, this time it stuck. Malcolmson helped Ford launch the Ford Motor Company, which may ring a bell 'cause it was established in 1903 and get this, it's still around today, over 120 years later. It sure is. Yeah. So I guess you could say this one was a success starting with the mo, the Model A. Yeah. Which started selling, you know, I don't know, like hotcakes, but selling well enough in 1905 to keep the company afloat.


They were building about 25 of them a day, had about 300 people working for them. Not bad. And Started over like a five year-ish period releasing, you know, different models indicated by a different model letter. Did you look any of these up? The C, the F, the N, the B and the KI did those B and the Ks were the more luxury models. And they're just gorgeous automobiles. They, I mean they're absolutely amazing even still today. And then If, you look at the, the more like reasonably priced cars like the model C and the F and the N, they're, they're basically just like open air buggies with a motor in 'em. Yeah. Which is, I mean that's what 1905 and 1907 and eight cars were in a lot of ways.


But that, that b in that K, they're just something extra special. It's really, I'm not a car guy at all. And I, I find those alluring for sure. Yeah. I think we're kind of the same, like, we're not big car dudes, but If, you see something like that or the one that the guy did the first cross country road trip in. Yeah. Like, I'm able to be knocked out by a car. Yeah. You just go room room. So you said that his, he had a love-hate relationship with investors. I would posit that he had a use hate relationship with them. Yeah, good point. He, to Henry Ford, he was the visionary designing and building cars. Malcolm sin gave him some money and was getting money in return.


He got his thing, that was their arrangement. Malcolmson was saying, Hey, you're making all these like reasonably priced cars, forget that we need to be focusing on luxury cars. And Henry Ford bristled with his back turned at his workshop desk and resolved right then and there that he would either murder Alexander Malcolmson or force him outta the company. And he ended up going with the ladder. That's right. In 1906, he had Malcolmson successfully pushed out and not murdered. He launched the Model T in 1908. And this was, you know, the Model T is a, is an iconic legendary automobile because this was finally the one that, that had that perfect balance of a little bell and whistle action.


But something that was easy to fix. It was, it held up well. It was, and it was affordable for the, for the common person, which kind of cemented him as, you know, a, a man of the people. It Was an enormous like achievement. The Model t was, it sold for like 850 bucks when it first came out in 1908. That was the highest price it was ever charged from what I can tell. That's about $30,000 today. So it was roughly equivalent to like a Honda Civic or like a Subaru legacy or something like that. Right. At the time, all other cars that were being built were luxury cars and they were going for two to $3,000. So anywhere from like 70 to a hundred thousand plus dollars to buy a car.


Yeah. Now all of a sudden, this guy's selling 'em for 30,000, the equivalent of $30,000. And car ownership just boomed from there. You said they were building 25 cars a day in 1905. By 1913 they were selling or building 189,000 of them a year. Which I did. I haven't done the math, but that's a lot more than 25 a day. Well, yeah. And good job on not doing math. Thank you. First of all. Yeah. You, You say I speak for myself and all listeners, And this is a direct result of his innovation of the assembly line.


Like I, we said kind of at the beginning, a lot of people think he invented the car. Not true. Invented the assembly line. Also not true. There were assembly lines at other factories, like bicycle factories and stuff. Oh yeah. There were conveyor belts used in farming and like cattle operations and stuff like that In candy factories. But Candy factories, well put a pin in that actually. But he actually combined those two things in a way that no one had before where he was literally bringing the work to the people. They would stand in one spot that conveyor belt would bring along the thing they needed to, to work on or, or finish or tinker with or whatever, or inspect.


First it was a rope and then it was like a chain assembly. And then it led to definitely some I love Lucy type moments. I mean, that was, first of all the, the workers didn't like it at all. They thought it was really boring, but it also at times was like, I I, I'm not done with the thing that's now left me. And that was a big problem when you had to stop the assembly line. Yeah, For sure. Because before these people were like a part of an army assembling a car. They didn't just make this one cog over and over and over again. And like you said, it got very boring, it was very repetitive. And the turnover rate for employees at Ford by 1913 was at 370%. And that's just churning, that's a really high turnover rate if that number doesn't immediately present itself as such to you.


Well for sure. Here's another stat. If 370% doesn't mean much to you, he was hiring 53,000 people every year to fill 14,000 jobs. Oh My God. Wow. And, which was no good, you know, that's never good for a company. But that also, that assembly line brought the price down on that model TI think you said it, it would be like 30 grand in today dollars. By 1912, they brought that cost down to what would be about $9,000 plus change. Wow. In today's money, I think in 1912 it was 5 25.


By 1916 it was $345. So for a car it went down from, from 30 grand to 16 grand to about nine grand in today dollars. Yeah. So, wow. That's, that's impressive. One of the things that was the result of that, that streamlining of costs and the reduction in price was Henry, Ford came up with an idea to keep workers around. He said, how about this? I'll you trade your boredom for more money. And worker said, all right, I'll, I'll hear you out. And so Henry Ford came up with the $5 Workday If, you worked at Ford, you made $5 a day at least.


And that at the time is equal to about $1,100 a week here, I think. What is that? 50, $154 a day in today. Dollars. Okay. But times like seven days a week basically. Eventually six. So it was a, it was a pretty good wage and people were blown away by it. So much so that Ford was able to basically use it as a PR campaign too. It'd basically be like, I, I'm paying $5 and I'm characterizing it as profit sharing because I take care of my workers. And this really helped establish his reputation from the outset as like a man of the people, a populace who cared about factory workers, which is not true.


True. To put that in perspective, when I first started working as a PA in the film industry, I made a hundred bucks a day working at least 12 hour days. Wow. They were working, he actually shortened their workday to eight hours a day. Yeah. At $154 a day. So that ain't bad at all. No, it's not. So that really handled that, that reduced that turnover rate. It got it under, under control. Productivity started to stabilize. I mean, it proved that like If, you treat employees at the very least, pay them what they're worth. People will work harder for you. They'll, they'll, it's just a really good way to run a company rather than squeezing every last dime that you can out of as few people as you can.


Henry, Ford kind of proved that that was not the way to go. That's right. But it came with some catches in 1914. He, he came up with the, the sociological department of his company and that was a group who over the course of about seven years would go around and come to your house and do little home visits and say like, oh, I see alcohol in the house and it's kind of a pigsty, so you don't qualify to get that $5 a day If you took in a border. Like, looks like you're renting a a room to someone. Sorry you don't qualify. These are all, you know, pretty vast overreaches when, you know, when you think about like today's standards.


Yeah. Some of 'em were pretty good though. If, you had a domestic violence wrap against you, you didn't qualify. So, you know, good for him for that I guess. Sure. And today, I mean, yes, that would be crazy if somebody did that because instead employers just spy on you through your work computer. Right. Rather than dropping by your house actually, because that'd be too obvious, you know? Yeah. That's untoward. So I think we talked about this in the Ford Landia episode where like the sociological department was really keeping an eye on people. And in a lot of ways you're like, that's just insane. And it was, there's another like kind of facet to it that is worth pointing out that most of these workers whose houses were being visit, visited, lived in Ford housing that was built right near the plant.


And I believe they got subsidized housing. So based on what I know about Ford, if he paid for something even a little bit, he owned it. So he felt totally emboldened to just send people into your house to see If you were drinking or not. And then that would affect your employment. He owned you, he was paying you a really good wage. He owned you, he owned your house, he owned your family. That's just how he saw things. He could buy anything with money and he just behaved that way as well. Yeah, totally. Should we take a break? Yeah. Alright. So we're going to, we've talked about his career up until this point. We're gonna take a little slight turn to talk about his personal life right after this.


Hey everybody, Josh and Chuck here to tell you about Squarespace courses. Squarespace has the tools you need to create and sell your own online course. Just imagine that That's right. You can start with a professional layout that fits your brand, upload video lessons to teach techniques and skills, and then tailor your course with the powerful fluid engine editor. Yeah. Create engaging content your audience will love. And then you just add a paywall and set the price. You can charge a one-time fee or sell subscriptions. Turn your creativity into income with Squarespace courses. That's right. And Squarespace does basically anything you wanna do for any kind of website. You can sell custom merch, you can have that online store going. They have great flexible website templates and analytics so you can use insights to grow your business. That's right. So go to squarespace.com/stuff and you'll get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


There's two kinds of people in the world, people who love health aid, kombucha, and people who have never tried it. The bubbly mix of probiotic tea and refreshing juice is delicious and good for your gut health with great flavors to choose from that you can't help but love If, you have never tried it before. Maybe try a bottle or can of passion fruit tangerine or ginger lemon, your taste buds and your gut will. Thank you. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it and try health aid kombucha today. Kombucha.


Alright. As promised, we're gonna talk a a bit about the man's personal life. We mentioned that he married his wife Clara Bryant in 1998 and they, they stayed married and you know, had a very close partnership as, as married people go. But all while that was going on, all the while he was having an affair. I mean, I don't think you'll see this printed on any Ford motor company like official histories or anything, but he had a, a long standing affair with a woman named Evangeline Coat and eventually would get one of his friends, perhaps even his personal driver to this guy named Ray Dollinger to marry her because he, it appears as though he had a son with her named John and was like, Hey buddy, you gotta marry this, this lady and make it look like that's your son and the whole time we're gonna be having this kind of secret affair.


Yeah. That was the setup. And again, like he paid for Evangeline's House and Evangeline and Ray's house, apparently they had like at least two or three estates, one of which was just like a couple miles down the road from where Ford lived with Clara. He even built a secret staircase that he could use that was away from prying eyes and went directly up to Evangeline's bedroom. That's Creepy. And in the seventies, John Ford, who Henry Ford spent an, an inordinate amount of time with, if it wasn't his actual son, he'd later in the seventies, like, like I think he wrote a, a memoir and said like, yeah, this guy's my, he was my father.


Yeah. Like that he was my father. Sorry If, you don't want to hear it. That's how it was. And I think still it was never, it's still never, no one ever took a paternity test. Evangeline never talked to the press about it. Like it's just not officially confirmed, but in every single way besides officially it's confirmed. Yeah, for sure. During this time, he also had a son named Edsel. He, he would famously name a, a very failed automobile after Probably on purpose. Yeah. He was born in 1893. He was, he was a good dad for about a minute. But once Edsel got to be a little bit older, they did not have a, a very good relationship.


He thought he was kind of a weakling. He thought it was soft. He did give him a, a job and he would humiliate him and belittle him. He would even back him to be the president, his son to be the president of the Ford Motor Company. But just in kinda like, he didn't have any real teeth in that job because dad was still running the show. Yeah. A, a really widespread anecdote about how Henry Ford treated Edsel Edsel could not make a step as president of Ford Motor Company without his dad's approval. And if he did, there was trouble. And in one case, the administrative offices were starting to get overcrowded. So he had a new, a new wing built for it, new offices built.


And he didn't pass it by his dad first. So when his dad found out, his dad halted work on it by this time, they dug out the foundation and Edsel said, okay, sorry about that. I'll just fill the ground back in. And Henry Ford said, no, you won't, you'll leave that there and you have to walk past it every day on your way to work and it remind you of your humiliation. Essentially. That's how Edel was treated by his father. It's like, it's like Henry Ford had a rich kid just by definition, but hated rich kids like kids that were born rich. Right. And he treated his son that way. And from what I can tell his son was not a bad guy and didn't deserve this at all.


No. I mean, he might as well have said, I'm gonna leave that hole in the ground as a reminder of what a jerk father I've been to you. Yeah. Yeah. It's very sad. Yeah. Yeah. It's real sad. Like he, I mean his also, his son died young in 19 19 43 at age 49. I think we talked about this in the Fordlandia episode two, that he died one of two weights from stomach cancer or from a bad reaction to raw milk that his father made him drink. Yeah. And even as he was sick and dying, Henry Ford was like, suck it up, you woos, you know, stop, stop making such a big deal out of this. And as Edel as it became clear that Edel was very, very sick and actually dying, Henry Ford was like, oh, okay, I'm gonna try to get some doctors out here and get the best of the best.


And they couldn't do anything. And when Edsel died, he blamed Edsel's doctors. And then I guess eventually he blamed himself. But I'm, I don't know how he did that or how that's documented. Yeah. Agreed. All right, so back to his career in 1919 again he's tired of the investor sort of getting in his way in his mind. This Is amazing actually. And so He, he, he lost a lawsuit that basically said you have to pay out dividends to the Dodge Brothers. Two of his biggest investors at the time and Also his competitors who owned Dodge Motor Company, The Dodge Brothers own Dodge. Yeah. Can you believe it? And by, by that time he was like, I really want to control everything.


I want to be able to build a factory that basically handles everything but the tires because the Firestones have that under, under wraps. Basically Andy was friends with Harvey Firestone too, so Yeah, for sure. So he said, alright, here's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna announce that I'm leaving the company, I'm gonna announce that I'm gonna build a better company that's gonna produce better cars and cheaper cars. And all the, the stockholders freaked out 'cause they were like, if Henry Ford's not at the helm, this company's gonna go under. And so they started selling off their shares. What they did know is they were mostly selling to an investment company that was controlled by Henry Ford. So he ended up, I mean I don't, I dunno if this is illegal at the time, at the very least it was unethical.


Yeah. But he ended up outright owning the Ford Motor Company basically by himself with his son and wife. Isn't That amazing? I mean, say what you will about the man, but that is one of the wst business moves in the history of American business. Wiley is a good soft way to sell that. I read that when he was, when he told, when he was told that like the whole plan worked, that it was done. He danced a jig in his office. Well he loved dancing. He did. Yeah. I guess that's not that surprising. Yeah, we didn't mention that. 'cause that'll come up later too. He had a thing for square dancing and like tried to get his employees to learn square dancing.


I Think we talked about that in the Ford Landing episode too. It, it seems like it came up for Sure. I mean how can, you can't talk about Henry Ford not talk about his weird love of square dancing. Well, yeah, I mean he loved what he loved. One of the things he did not love was war. He was an avowed pacifist and he spoke out quite publicly. One of the things he used his recognition and fame for as a man of the people was to to, to use that to speak out against World War I. And that was really dicey because the espionage act of 1917 was used about 2000 times. 2000 people were charged between 1917 and 1920 for speaking out against World War I.


So that was not something that you just did casually. Like it was a big deal that he did that he gave interviews about it. He chartered a boat to, to ride to Europe to try to advocate for peace. It was called the peace ship. It was not very well received by the press he was made fun of. But like, he was definitely a pacifist for sure. But when, when America entered World War I, he backed it fully. Yeah. He, he did the same thing with World War ii. He was against it until Pearl Harbor. And once America was in these wars, he didn't just fold his hands and say, well you're on your own. Right. He would, you know, of course at the government's behest transformed the Ford Motor Company into building everything from airplane engines to ambulances and military personnel vehicles.


And those ambulances would go on to blow up when they were rear ended in the seventies. Often with patients in them. Were they pintos? They Were close. So one of the things that Henry Ford was in addition to speaking out about pass pacifism, he spoke out about a lot of stuff and he was interviewed once, he was very opinionated, totally convinced that his opinion was correct. Like objectively correct. Yeah. From what I, I can tell I think he's A narcissist A little bit. He was interviewed in the Chicago Tribune and he said among other things that he basically hates art. And that he quote, history is bunk that there's nothing to be learned from history.


We always just need to be looking forward. And so the same year, 1916, the Chicago Tribune, the paper he was interviewed in also published an editorial calling him an ignorant idealist and an anarchistic enemy of the nation. And so he said, you know what, that's liable and I'm going to sue you. And it went to trial in 1913 and he won, he won 6 cents, which is less than $5 today. That's how much he won from the Chicago Tribune. That's how much he was awarded. But even worse, he was just really exposed as an ignorant person on the stand. He was like quizzed about things like history and stuff and just completely got stuff wrong.


And all of the papers, including the tribune, published all this stuff. So it didn't really make him look good. Yeah. It was kind of like, I'll take your test and then afterwards he's like, eh, I shouldn't have taken this test. Right. Especially in front of everybody. Yeah. Under oath. There Was also a rumor that he might've been illiterate. I, I don't think that was probably true and it stems from the fact that he refused to read aloud. But who knows, he may have had some form of dyslexia or a learning disorder. Like we just don't know. It's, it's possible. So speculating in 2024 is a little, I dunno, I'm not a big fan of that. It Makes it pretty ironic that one of the things he collected were McGuffey readers, which were 19th century textbooks.


Like he collected them. That's a strange thing for a person who's not literate to do. Yeah. What elementary school textbooks they were for kids. Sure. So maybe that made more sense. I don't know, Maybe he's like, yeah, I collect these, I'm definitely not teaching myself from them. So he, he didn't like the press, not just because of this, but he was, he was just a lightning rod for good press and bad press. But he got fed up with it eventually was like, you know what, I'm gonna start my own newspaper. So he, he bought one the Dearborn independent in 1919 and he, you know, basically controlled it and was like, here's what I'm gonna do.


I'm not sure if everyone knows about my anti-Semitic views. So I'm gonna start making this newspaper write lots and lots of articles about how Jewish people are in control of the world and the finances of the world and are responsible for everything bad, including these wars that are happening and jazz music that is leading to, you know, drug use. So in all, they ran about 91 stories in the paper that he would eventually collect into a four volume book called The International Jew. Which he distributed like a half a million copies to people for free Purposely never copyrighted it so that it could be re republished.


And it still is, it's a huge, it's like a bookshelf must for white supremacists still today. Yeah. And the fact that none of the stuff he ever said in it was ever proved or shown to be true or correct has no bearing on that whatsoever. And it, I don't know if this is the origin of it, but he certainly perpetuated if he didn't create it, the idea that Jewish bankers secretly ran the world. Yeah. Which is still a trope today among white supremacists and racists of all stripes. One of these articles, I think it was about Jews taking over the American farming industry, mentioned one guy in particular, a Jewish activist who was a union activist trying to organize farm workers named Aaron Sapiro.


And he was named personally in this article. So he's like, oh you like libel suits, here's one for you too. And he sued him for libel. Yeah, He did. And I think he ended up settling out of court, right? He did. And part of the settlement was that he was required to make a public apology to Jewish people, which he took the opportunity to make a, what seemed like a sincere apology. Like he, he'd seen the era of his ways, but apparently privately he had all the same views and If, you wanna know anything about Henry Ford and his antisemitism? He accepted an award from Hitler in 1938 and this was the culmination of a long time mutual admiration between the two.


Hitler cited Henry Ford as a, a inspiration in Mein comp. And I think in 1931 an in a reporter from the Detroit News interviewed Hitler in his office and noted that there was a huge portrait of Henry Ford behind Hitler at his desk. And Hitler said, I regard him as my inspiration. So they definitely admired one another's views and work. Yeah, I think that's enough said on that, right? Sure. It speaks for itself. Oh yeah, for sure. Alright, should we take a break and come back with a little more career? Yeah. Alright. We'll be right back.


When you're hiring for your small business, you wanna find quality professionals that are right for the role. That's why you have to check out LinkedIn Jobs. LinkedIn Jobs has the tools to help find the right professionals for your team faster and free. That's right on LinkedIn. 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. Hire professionals like professionals on LinkedIn. Yeah. LinkedIn knows that small businesses are wearing so many hats that they don't have the time or resources to hire. So LinkedIn is constantly finding ways to make the process easier. They even just launched a feature that helps you write job descriptions, making the process even easier and quicker. LinkedIn does all that while making the process easy and intuitive. No wonder two and a half million small businesses use LinkedIn for hiring. So post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash sy SK 23, that's LinkedIn dot com slash sy SK 23 to post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


There's Two kinds of people in the world, people who love health aid kombucha and people who have never tried it. The bubbly mix of probiotic tea and refreshing juice is delicious and good for your gut health with great flavors to choose from that you can't help but love if you've never tried it before, maybe try a bottle or can of passion fruit tangerine or a ginger lemon. Your taste buds and your gut will Thank you. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it and try health aid kombucha today. Kombucha.


All right Chuck. So you talked about him wanting to build like a plant, what's called a vertically integrated plant where ore and raw materials are brought in and everything but the, the car's tires are built and assembled there, right? That's That's right. Like If, you have something like this. You are extraordinarily powerful in whatever industry you're in. And he built it, it was a 2000 acre plant called the River Rouge Plant. And I think it opened in 1918 and I mean it was extraordinarily successful and just launched the company into like essentially a monopoly. Even though there were other car companies, nobody could compete with Ford to the point where it was like, you know, he might as well have had a monopoly on it.


He was just so far ahead of everybody else by this time. Yeah, for sure. And part of the success of that plant was due to the fact that he kind of caved a little bit on releasing cars that had some bells and whistles. He like, you know, I mentioned earlier he wasn't the biggest fan of those and kinda like, you know, the car for the people, but sales were declining in the mid 1920s. So he said, all right, the Model T is has done its work but I think we need something a little more luxurious. So the Model A was released in 1927 and they also sold a lot of those. They did. That's another pretty car too. It's like the official car of like gangsters with Tommy guns who robbed banks and like run along and jump on the running boards on the side.


Yeah, yeah, for sure. That's that kind of car for sure. It's pretty car. Yeah. You, you can hang off the side of that thing with a Tommy gun like no other car. Right. So I said earlier that Henry Ford had a, an enormous impact on American culture, American history. One of the ironic things or funny things, it's a little ticklish, is that he despised the consumer culture that he helped create. Yeah. He felt that as people got more money in their pocket, they looked to spend it in increasingly a moral ways. And that the country was turning away from the ideals of his childhood.


His what he considered true America, what he considered. Yeah. The point of life family square dancing antisemitism, these three pillars. Right. He saw people turning away from this. Right. Yeah. And so I think he railed against it for sure. But him personally, he took that as an opportunity to kind of like fade into this childhood fantasy, this idealized version of the way life was in his, in his childhood. And he did this by building something called Greenfield Village. I thought you were gonna say Celebration Florida. I know it's, it bears a striking resemblance. I even wrote it's like Celebration Florida.


Yeah. It's also a little bit like his version of Colonial Williamsburg. He started developing this in 1919 when he restored his original house and about 10 years later it would open to the public as sort of like a Williamsburg of his time. It was like a living history village. There was a museum there still is. He would, he would basically like, like Colonial Williamsburg would do, he would say like, Hey this is when things were the best. Like when I was a kid. Totally. Definitely a narcissist. Yeah. Have I mentioned Right? This is when things were, were most awesome and here's what it was like back then. Here's what the buildings look like. You can come and walk around the village.


You can, it's even got like it functioned as a real place where people live. There was that school in that one room schoolhouse modeled after the one that he loved growing up. They had full-time dance instructor who was teaching square dancing among other things. And he was told the CEO is like, you need to get down there to Greenfield Village. I've signed you up for Tuesdays at seven. That's Right. Can you imagine N no. So yeah, it's still there today. Right? It's still living museum open today. I've never been, it does sound interesting. In addition to the look back at history, which is ironic again because he said history's bunk. It was also a way to preserve the great technological innovations of Thomas Edison.


He took buildings from Menlo Park and moved them to Greenfield Village. So he is, he assembled his idealized version of what a town would've been like in his childhood and he just spent more and more time there and just kind of moving further and further away from the, the company. And as he spent less time at the company, he had to like, somebody had to run the company. So he grudgingly had edel running things. He had another guy named Charles Sorenson who ran the plant, that huge River Rouge plant. And then he had another guy, a real scumbag named Harry Bennett who we've talked about multiple times, who ran the Ford Service Department, which was the Ford Goon Squad essentially.


Yeah. And goon squad, meaning they, he wasn't a big fan of unionization and workers organizing. So Bennett would go in and do the heavy work. A lot of paranoia created a lot of literal punishment for just dumb little infractions saying they couldn't have bathroom breaks. You get 15 minutes for lunch, I'm gonna spy on the CEOs and If, you come around here like maybe from the UAW, the United Auto Workers and you start talking about organizing, we're gonna literally physically like beat you down and run you outta here. Yeah. If, You read about what's called the Battle of the Overpass in 1937.


It's, we've, again, I think we talked about that before too, but the, the, the Ford Service Department led by Harry Bennett who was in the mix, like beat these people so badly. They were thrown down flights of concrete stairs when they were knocked down, they would be picked up against so they could be beaten further. Some of the women that were there were roughed up. It was a bad jam. And then they chased the reporters down to try to get their notebooks, try to get the film out of their cameras. And only because a couple of reporters, one of them ran five miles to a police station to keep his negatives intact or his plates intact. And another one managed to hide it, hide his plates just in time and gave him fake plates or fake film essentially to go and break.


And this stuff got published and it was totally contrary to Ford's version of what had happened. And it really gave a huge black eye to the Ford Motor Company because you just didn't that, that was just beyond the pale, even for the 1930s like Union Busters. Right. So it actually helped paved the way for the UAW to make inroads and start organizing Ford and the Ford employees. Finally, I think five years after the Battle of overpass were given the opportunity to vote whether to unionize. And they said Yes. Union, yes Puer. Alright, so we're at the end.


He had not been, you know, some people say he was still calling the shots kind of close to the end. He was in his seventies by the time Bennett was doing his strong arm work. So there are people that say he wasn't super aware of that. Other people, like, you know, one of the top folks, Sorenson said no, he was, he was doing exactly what Ford wanted. But as he got older and older, he obviously started experiencing health issues throughout that last decade. He was just sort of, you know, declining. Like we all eventually will and that means at work as well. Like not working as much. Had a lot of health issues, especially his memory.


And, but he still wouldn't like officially give up control or just say, I'm just gonna go hide away from the public. Right. We talked about World War II and you know, he activism there in the, in the 1930s and forties also was not a big fan of FDR in the New Deal in the 1930s. So he was not shutting up about that either. He would've loved social media, If you were around today, he would be huge on social media. Yeah, absolutely. We mentioned Edsel died in 1943 and for a very brief time after Ford took over the company again as president. But it was, you know, he, he shouldn't have been running a company at that point.


No. One anecdote is that he would fire employees and then, you know, a day or two later ask why they weren't at the meeting 'cause he'd forgotten. And so as more and more of this stuff mounted, the executives were like, you, you have to retire, please just let us handle this. We can do this. And he finally caved in 1945. Two years later he would be dead. April 7th, 1947. And I think his last day on earth really kind of illustrates him. He spent the morning with his mistress Evangeline and he died at night when he had an aneurysm while he was fluffing his wife Claire's pillow at bedtime. That's not funny. But the way you put it was funny.


I mean there's no other way to put it. I could have said it in like Italian or something, but then no one would've understood what I said. Except for our Italian listeners. I don't think we have Italian listeners 'cause you've alienated them all. Oh man. You got anything else? No, I'm looking for the compliment sandwich in that one. but I Don don't think it's good. The compliment, the the last part is that you do a really great Italian impression. Okay. Regardless, and everyone loves it. You said you had nothing else, right. So that means it's time for listener mail. Yeah, this is about the just released episode that part of which was about this mystery song from the 19, it was eighties, right?


Yeah. Eighties. Yeah. Hey guys, my name is Nicole and I was just listening to this episode about the most mysterious song on the internet. I've been listening to it now for about 45 minutes and a couple of things stood out. Disclaimer, I'm German born and raised during the eighties and have been living here almost 18 years now. Given the fact that I grew up during the time this song was discovered, some things have become rather apparent to me. I'm sure I'm not the first one to say this, nor will I be the one cracking the code. but I find it very interesting. I'm still working on deciphering the lyrics and I have about half of it down and here are my humble observations. Number one, the song is most likely written and recorded by East Germans given the fact of how dark and depressing the lyrics are.


Okay. Two, it is somewhat difficult to make some of the lyrics out and some words have been used in the wrong form, also very interesting. Number three, I find this utterly fascinating and it's definitely a rabbit hole guys. And number four, I wonder if this song was accidentally played smuggled in by someone unbeknownst to the radio station. Since it isn't professionally recorded, I found this to be very likely to be the case. At any rate, thank you for making great shows to keep me on my toes. It inspired me to think outside the box. This one in particular will be a great one, especially 'cause I'd never heard of it before today. And that is from Nicole. Awesome. Thanks a lot Nicole. Thanks for listening to us over there in Germany.


That's awesome. And If, you wanna be like Nicole and send us your thoughts and observations on an episode that we've done. We love that kind of thing. You can wrap it up, spank it on the bottom and send it off to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


At public.com you can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All you're investing in one place, 5.1% A p is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs in technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio and yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


There's two kinds of people in the world, people who love health aid, kombucha, and people who have never tried it. The bubbly mix of probiotic tea and refreshing juice is delicious and good for your gut health with great flavors to choose from that you can't help but love if you've never tried it before, maybe try a bottle or can of passion fruit tangerine or a ginger lemon. Your taste buds and your gut will. Thank you. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it and try health aid kombucha today. Bucha.