
You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to different places for listings, pre-approval financing, but Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, and even refinance your home. Everything you need, all under one roof, every home@oneaddressrocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership Rocket Own the Dream.


At t Rowe Price. Their experience helps them see investment potential differently. Instead of quick answers, they know that what really leads to confident investing is true curiosity. In other words, they love a good deep dive. It's what drives them to ask the questions that really matter in our ever-changing world. Like, can Healthcare Innovations create a healthier world? And how will intelligent systems be part of a new tomorrow? Their curiosity runs deep and with it comes the power to help you invest more confidently, better questions, better outcomes. T Rowe Price. Learn more at t rowe price.com/curiosity.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. Did I flub that line? Yes. Am I going to retake it? No, I am not. Welcome to the pod broadcast. This is Stuff You Should Know, by the way. The far out edition. That's right. It's in stuff out there in space. Yeah. And not just stuff in general. We're actually gonna zero in on one specific piece of stuff that's out there in space.


A little planet called Saturn. That's right. The ringed beauty as they like to say in the biz. Yeah, that's what the astrophysicists all call it. Yeah. Or Saturn does have rings. It's not the only planet with rings as we'll see, or we can see now I think Jupiter and Uranus and is it Mercury also that has rings, but they're just, they don't hold the candle. The Saturn's rings, Hey, get the candle away from my anus. And Saturn's also a really ancient planet in that as far as human experience goes, as for as long as we've been looking up in the night sky, we've seen Saturn.


'cause it is the sixth planet from the sun. It's also the furthest planet away that you can see with the naked eye here on Planet Earth. You wanna know something funny before we go any further? Yeah, always Before we recorded, Emily was asking, as she sometimes does what we're recording. And I told her the two episodes and she asked about Saturn and I was like, not very interesting to me. And she said, so what are you gonna, what do you do in those episodes? Just like do commentary and make jokes. I went, well there's probably not gonna be a lot of jokes. And she said, well, as long as you can make one about Uranus. And I said, I don't think I'll be able to, 'cause it's about Saturn and lo and behold, a minute and 20 in.


Yeah, Wow. Now you have two more times to bring it back and then you'll have completed the comedy trail. I think that's a, a Warner as they say. But I'm just excited to report back to Emily that that happened unexpectedly and delight delightedly. Well, way to go, Chuck. I thought you said it was gonna be funny though, Huh? Hey, you laughed. Was that pity? Let's just move on. Alright, great. So, oh yeah. Like I said, people have known about Saturn for a very, very long time. And in fact, I think 2,500 years ago, the first people that to document it were the Sumerians. And not too long after that, or around that time in India, the world's oldest astronomy book, the Surya Sedant, obviously the, whoever wrote it was like, I'm going to try to guess the diameter of Saturn.


And I don't think they guessed at it like, you know how many jelly beans are in this jar? Kind of guess like they used math and geometry and all sorts of great stuff. Sure. But this is long before they should have. So what makes it impressive is that they were only off by a thousand miles. So today we, we believe that the diameter of Saturn is about 74,580 miles in the Sur Sedant, they guess 73,000 or estimated 73,580. That my friend is remarkable. Yeah. Regular Lewis and or Clark Kind of Kind of, weren't they famous for like almost guessing the, the distance?


Oh yes. Yeah. Great, great analogy. Sorry, it was lost on at first. So the name itself, Saturn is named after Saturns, which is the, the god of agriculture and harvest. So it came from the Romans and you know, Saturn goes pretty slowly across the sky. So the, the day sa is named for Saturn, which is the last day of the week. Yeah. And now we're gonna compare Saturn to Earth in a lot of scintillating ways. And we could start with just the massive size because it makes earth look like a, just a pea in a pocket basically.


It makes, it makes it look like a nickel if, if Saturn was a volleyball, NASA loves that one. If you ever look up Saturn's, what an analogy like size, what an analogy NASA uses that every chance they get. I wonder if when they got, they got the nickel part and they were like, all right, well we gotta find something laying around here that's as big as this distance. And some guy was like, you know, there was, there was one sporty guy in the corner like practicing setting a volleyball spike. He said, what about Jim over there Is that low hanging fruit, Phil, who is about to do that? Oh man, poor Phil. But you know, you're right. Nickel compared to a a volleyball is pretty good.


But let's talk equator. The equator close to 10 times larger than Earth at 227 miles around compared to earth's piddly little 25,000 miles. Yeah. It's got a extra spare tire compared to earth's. You know? Totally. One of the things about Saturn though, If you weren't, If you aren't like a, a astronomy type, the kind of planet that Saturn is is it's gas giant, which means that it's made largely of gas or gas is so to be a gas giant, you don't have to just be a big ball of gas, but you're made of things that typically are considered gases on the periodic table.


Yeah. Let's just get that straight right out of the gate. Okay. Right. But If you put the whole thing together, Saturn doesn't have a surface to speak of. If you did go far enough in toward the center, you might eventually hit something you could stand on, but you would be under so much heat and pressure that you wouldn't be thinking about standing on the surface anymore. You'd have other problems. Yeah. It's a, a very not dense planet in some say, could even float in water if there was water that large a Pool. Yeah. Or I don't know a pond. Sure. Isn't that what they call lakes up in the northeast?


You know, I don't know the difference between a pond and a lake In Maine. There is no difference. I would think a pond is human made, but there are many human made lakes too. So I don't know. I'll have to look that up. I always assumed it was size, like pond is smaller, lake is larger. Well That's what the l that's how you remember Lake L large L and pond puny. Nice one. I mean that seems obvious, but surely there's something else, but maybe not. We'll look into that. Okay. More, more to come on ponds and links. Okay. I'll keep talking while you look. Well I was gonna talk, so why don't you look it up.


Earth is the third planet out as modest Mouse will tell you they're about 92 million miles away. Or we are rather, Saturn is the sixth planet away from the sun and things really pick up after you, after you get away from earth about 886 million miles. Which is gonna mean they're gonna be a very cold planet because they get not nearly as much sun, they get about 1.2% of the sunlight that we get, which means the average temperature in the upper atmosphere. Saturn is a very chilly negative 220 degrees Fahrenheit Or negative 140 Celsius for our non-American Liberian, or I can't remember the third one. Friends.


That's right. So there's some other interesting things that happen because it gets such little sunlight. But one of the things that astronomers were surprised by at first was Saturn's atmosphere that is very cold, but it's not nearly as cold as you would expect for how far away from the sun it is and how little sunlight it gets. And they finally figured out the reason why is because Saturn generates its own internal heat. That's why it's not as cold as it as it should be. It's like me. Yeah, exactly. You could never be cold If you tried, man, I've been cold, but, and when I get cold I have a very hard time warming up. I meant in like the figurative sense, you know, like I'm Oh, like a cold emotional individual.


Yes, Yes. Oh, well thank you. So there's a couple other things about being that far away from the sun. I think it takes 80 minutes for sunlight to get there. That's a long time to stand around and wait for sunlight. We only have to wait like eight minutes here on earth. Yeah. So when they flick that switch on, you just gotta sit, you gotta huddle, hunker down. Right. And then it, so in its orbit around the sun, it takes almost 30 earth years for Saturn to complete a year. Yeah. Because, you know, they're rotating very, very quickly on, on its axis second fastest in the solar system. Second just behind Jupiter. But if you're talking rotation speed here on earth, we we're going at about 978 miles an hour.


Saturn is Wow, 23,000 miles an hour. Yeah. Oh, almost no more than 23 times faster than earth. And that's gonna give a, a short day about a, a 10.7 hour day. Yes. And here on earth for comparison, a day is more than 20 hours long. That's right. So I said earlier, Chuck, that Saturn's a gas giant and the two gases that it's most fond of are hydrogen and helium. And overall the, I think the composition of its atmosphere is about three quarters hydrogen, one quarter helium.


But in the planet itself, it has far less hydrogen than helium. That's about all you really need to know about those two for now. But the, the point of the whole thing is, is that there is an atmosphere, there are different layers and the atmosphere itself is about 37 miles thick. And it is just generally gasp, but it's also super freaky as we'll see. But if we zoom in a little further, drop down a little further into Saturn into its center and we make it through that 37 mile thick atmosphere, we're suddenly going to find out that the pressure is extraordinarily great in the next layer, which is a layer of liquid hydrogen.


Yeah. And it's liquid hydrogen because of that pressure. It's the, it's just such a massive planet that here on earth, if we wanna make liquid hydrogen, you have to cool that gas down to very, very low temperatures like negative 423 degrees Fahrenheit. But it's just the pressure on Saturn, even, even though those are high temperatures, that pressure alone can make that gas a liquid, which is incredible. It Really is. And then it gets even crazier because, so further in toward the core, toward the center of the planet, that liquid hydrogen turns into a completely different kind of thing that they call liquid metallic hydrogen.


It's still again, on the periodic table of gas, even though it's in liquid form, but it behaves like a metal and that it can conduct electricity. So imagine hydrogen gas conducting electricity and once you put your, your head back together because it got blown so wide open from that, you will understand now how heat is generated inside Saturn. It's from that liquid metallic hydrogen just acting like it ain't ain't supposed to. The reason why is because it's so compressed from the pressure toward the center that everything, even the electrons you remember, like electrons are, they're, they are to like a nucleus of an atom.


What? You know, I think the outer planets in our solar system is to the sun. They're really far away from it. This pressure is so great in Saturn's center that their electrons are touching. It's all mushed together and that's why it's behaving weirdly because the electrons can conduct electricity a lot more easily. And then If you wanna go further down to the core, you talk about hot, we don't know for sure 'cause you can't get in there. They've, they've tried. They've tried. But the current belief right now is that it's basically compressed molten iron and to a ball about the size of 55 Earth and a temperature of about 15,000 degrees Fahrenheit, Which is hotter than the surface of the sun.


Hot, hot stuff in there. But if we're gonna compare core to core, the core of the sun is 27 million degrees Fahrenheit, not 15,000, you know? Yeah. I saw one other thing about the core of Saturn and then maybe we'll take a break. Apparently some researchers have concluded that it's actually slushy so it's not solid. Hmm. Which makes sense. I mean you'd think it'd be kinda molten or in some weird state, but that it's also made of, in addition to iron, ice, rock and gas and how there could possibly be ice in a core that's 15,000 degrees Fahrenheit is totally beyond me.


I couldn't see a good explanation of this whatsoever. It's possible that the researchers who've proposed this completely off their rockers, I don't know, but I thought it was worth mentioning because I think that's fantastic. If it is true, and hopefully there's the Stuff You Should Know, listener who is out there as like gla and I'm going to to email in and explain to Josh and Chuck how there could possibly be ice there. That would be great. Yep. Okay. You want to take that here to for promised break? Yeah, let's do it. And we'll be back on, I don't know, let's talk about like how Saturn was swarmed to begin with right after


this. You know, buying a home used to be a headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, for pre-approval, for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. That's Right. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. And that's rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, and even refinance your home. Yeah. And you'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, real-time insights and more all the things that you need to make the kind of informed decisions that can make a big difference for you and your family. That's Right. So whether you're buying your first home, managing home ownership tasks, or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home@oneaddressrocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you just have to give a look because it's all there Rocket. Own the dream


Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing Anna Bay Sofas. Where designer style meets budget friendly prices brings you the ultimate in furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. Anna Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stained resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy liquid Simply slide right off designed for custom comfort. Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly, stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years. Don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


It's a quickly changing world and when it comes to investing, every day brings new questions the way to truly confident investing well that road is paved with curiosity. That's why at t Row price, they're relentlessly curious. They don't settle for fast answers. That's right. Especially when it comes to your retirement, because yesterday's answers may not be the ones you need today to secure a successful retirement tomorrow. So how much is enough? What If you don't wanna stop working or even switch gears and take on chapter two. These questions just scratch the surface, the possibilities and the unexpected of what your future could hold are endless. Find out more on their podcast, confident Conversations on Retirement, where they dig deep with questions that will get to the answers you are looking for so you can feel confident investing in your future. T Rowe Price Confident Conversations on Retirement podcast, find it on your favorite podcast platform or visit t rowe price.com/podcast.


All right, so there are a couple of theories about how Saturn was formed. If you're a, if you're a regular human walking around planet Earth, you might hear both of these and say, sounds like, like you're kind of talking about basically the same thing. Yeah. If you're an astrophysicist, you might glavin out, as you mentioned before, that's two glavin and say, oh no, no, no. It is a very po polarizing question and astrophysics and to us this different is very large. So yeah, so if you're an astrophysicist out there, this might really excite you. If you're not, I would, I would dare you.


I would urge you to try and be delighted in the minutiae of the difference of science and how important that can be. The, The question about how Saturn or gas giants like Saturn form is more polarizing than the proposal to rename Uranus, Right? If we work together, that's two. That's two. So I'm going to explain the difference because I find this fascinating. There's a, the main generally accepted model of how planets form including gas giants like, like Saturn is called the core accretion model. And that is basically when a star forms like our sun, it forms out of dust and gas and all sorts of crazy stuff.


And there's a lot of other debris that starts swirling around it forming a disc. And that's where planets form from. There's all sorts of collisions and things get bigger and kind of clump together. And as they get bigger, they attract more stuff. And the closer you are into the, or closer you are to the star, the more likely you are to attract heavy stuff like say iron nickel stuff that makes up rocky planets, right? And everybody's like coral accretion model. That's just how planets form. But then there's some, there's a group of like renegade astrophysicists led by a guy named Alan Boss who are basically like, no, that leaves a couple of questions out there.


One is that there's less rocky debris in the outer reaches of this disc that's swirling around the sun. So you know, how can a gas giant be made out of a rocky core? And then secondly that the remnants that are out there say like dust and gases like hydrogen and helium, they will float away into outer space and out of the solar system and out of reach before a gas giant could form using the core accretion model. So what they've come up with instead is called the disc instability model. And they said you don't need rocky stuff like iron and nickel to form a gas giant.


It forms from gases from the start. And the core accretion model people said, okay, smart guys, how, how could that possibly happen? And the, the disc instability model people said that that swirling disc becomes so compressed and so dense from swirling around the sun for so long that when it breaks up some of that dust and gas has enough density that it can attract other dust and gases and hence form a gas giant. And the core accretion model people were a gog. I love that word by the way. I do too. It works really well. Well another remarkable thing about Saturn are the just incredible storms that happen around Saturn.


There's a very large temperature difference between the, the very hot inter later that we were talking about. I can't remember how many degrees Fahrenheit we said, but 15,000, Yeah, 15,000. And then the very icy uper atmosphere out there is very, very cold. Icy obviously. And so near the equator you're gonna have winds that are going about a thousand miles an hour. You've got a very erratic atmosphere. So it's not like it's just constantly stormy. There may be years that go between storms, but then they might go through a storm that lasts like literal years and years and years.


They, they photograph one with the Cassini probe in 2010. And this storm was so big and this is, you know, on a big planet that it went all the way around and met itself like a single storm system like Or a burros. Yeah. That is just, I mean we've seen some crazy storms here in recent years where like, you know, from Middle Mexico all the way up through like the northeast of the United States and I'll, and I'll look at a doppler and be like, that's incredible to see a storm that large. So imagine one going all around the entire planet of earth and then imagine earth size in relation to Saturn. And that'll kind of tell you how big of a storm we're talking about.


Yeah, it's absolutely nuts. And the reason why that it's got such a crazy atmosphere is because of that temperature difference. The temperature gradients, remember we were talking about how tornadoes form on earth and the tornado alley short stuff that you have to have a temperature gradient. Apparently the same thing happens on Saturn as well. But there's also Chuck a really weird weather system that does not come and go. It's essentially a feature it seems like because it was first photographed in 1981 when the Voyager two probe did a fly by of Saturn. And when the Cassini mission arrived, I think in like 2009 or 10 or something like that, it, it saw the, the exact same thing was essentially there.


So what they figured out is it's not a storm, it's a really, really fast jet stream. But the thing about it, the re I'm, I'm sure people out there who are familiar with jet streams are like, so big, whoop, well get this, this jet stream forms a hexagon around the top of the planet. It's one of the weirder things I've ever seen. Yeah, it's like you said, they, they photographed it in 1981 and then I think the Cassini Hogans mission ended in 2017 and it was still there and still basically looked the same. And I I can only reckon that it's still like that today. Yeah, I think that's a good reckon.


We're talking 500 mile an hour winds at the center of this vortex and they think that weird shape is due to the really fast rotation, which makes a, a bulge at the equator and flattens things out at the pole. So it's just created this really strange kind of jet stream, this strange shape. Yeah. So I think Chuck, we can't really put it off any longer. I believe that it's time to talk about Saturn's rings. 'cause I mean imagine if we didn't in this episode. Yeah, I mean you mentioned, you know, it's not the only one with rings. I know you mentioned my anus. Sorry, That's three. I know that's the lowest of low hanging fruit though.


Phil would be like, it's fine. Yeah, Phil would love it. But Neptune and Jupiter, I'm not sure If you mentioned those, those are some other ringed planets, but Saturns are like, those are the showstoppers, they're incredible. If you've ever, you know, do yourself a favor, if you've never looked at like real pictures, like telescopic pictures of Saturn, like do so because Oh yeah. They're, it's incredible looking. These pictures. I have a, I have an anecdote about that. Let's hear it. So remember we did an Australian tour a few years back. It was great. Yes. Yeah, it was on one of the days off. You mean I went to the Sydney Observatory one night. Oh cool. And they had, they just happened to have one of their telescopes trained on Saturn and you could lean over and look through the eyepiece.


And we did and both of us just started laughing 'cause it looked so fake. Like a little white cutout of Saturn just flat as could be. It just looked like they were like, we, we can't find Saturn so we're gonna have to like put This, the slide in there. Yeah, exactly. But the volunteer was looking at us like, what are you, what's so funny about Saturn basically, right. We just moved along, but that was our, that's my Saturn anecdote. And you said it looked fake and he's like, that's real man. No, we didn't, we didn't bother to say anything. It was mine and Yu me's little joke. That was the worst Aussie accent I've ever done and I've done some pretty good ones over, over the years. You have, I don't know what happened.


It's, it sounded like Billy Ray Cyrus trying to do an Australian Accent. It came out so wrong. It was very strange. It sounded better in my head right before I said it. So yeah. Any aside from the, the telescope slide fake, it's just incredible looking and the sort of knockout fact is we're still not exactly sure where these rings came from And we've known about the rings. So remember people have known about Saturn since we started looking up at the sky, but you can't see the rings. But right when people started inventing telescopes, they noticed that Saturn had something weird going on in 1610 Galileo, the astronomer made famous by the indigo girls.


He spotted Saturn's rings in his telescope, but it wasn't of high enough quality for him to be like, those are rings. He thought they were like bulges on the side, like, like handles on a pot or something like that. He wasn't quite sure what the heck it was. He actually, I think thought it was like a three body system, like two huge moons and a planet. And it wasn't. But I mean 50 years later, I guess even less that Christian Hugins said, I've got a much better telescope now. And those are rings. I bet my bottom dollar on it. That was his famous quote. You know what Galileo's crime was Loving too much, Looking up the truth.


Is that what the lyric is? Yeah, that's a great song. Sure it is. You know, I went to the same orthodontist as Emily from Indigo Girls. Oh, that's Great. That's my claim to fame. Did I, I can't even come up with a joke, but yes, that's great. Shout out to, oh God, Dr. Blake, hope he's still around. He may not be. This was in the eighties and he was Oh, okay. In his probably, I mean he looked 70, but that means he was probably 50 right. In the eighties. Sure. Yeah. And just for my teenage gays, you know, I was gonna say that's, that was mean.


Like this is like a recent person he went to. No, I mean he could still be around, he could be in his nineties probably, but Sure. I I hope he is, I hope he's still putting braces on kids. Yeah, They don't want 'em, but he's doing it anyway. He's putting like 1980s braces on kids though. They've come a long way. And he's like, no, these metal bands go around your teeth. The lip slashers. Oh god. Alright, so back to the rings. They are 95% ice. It's rock and ice, but 95% of it is ice and these are particles. But when you say particles, it could be a particle, like a sandy grain, but it could also be like a large boulder.


Like they vary widely in size. And here's the thing about those rings too. They are very, very wide, but comparatively they are very, very thin. I think the, the farthest ring, which is 175,000 miles from the upper, upper atmosphere of Saturn is 7,000 times the diameter of the planet, but only about 30 to 60 feet wide or thick I guess. Isn't that nuts? Yeah, I mean that's crazy. Like how does that thing even exist is my question. Well, We're about to tell you. So If you look at Saturn, especially through a, a Sydney based telescope, you're gonna see that it looks like it's, it basically like kind of cocked its rings to the side like a hat, a jaunty cap as I put it.


Yeah, I do that sometimes with certain caps. Exactly. Who doesn't? Everybody's familiar with that. Yeah. The thing is, is Saturn's not doing that. Actually If you straighten Saturn out, it's rings would be roughly parallel to its equator. It turns out that Saturn itself is jauntily cocked to the side too. To the tune of 27 degrees. Yeah. And earth's acts axial tilt, I think is what it's called. So the tilt relative to the, the plane of orbit around the sun, flat plane tilted planet, let's just leave it at that. Earth's is 23 degrees. So 27 isn't that much more, but Saturn's rings like really point out how angled the whole thing is.


Yeah, yeah. If we had a a, a little jaunty cap, then earth would look jaunty as well, I guess. Yeah. But the other thing about it too is with a, with a axial tilt that pronounced like earths and like Saturns, that's how you have seasons. Some parts are closer to the sun at different times of the year. Same thing on Saturn. But since Saturn's years are almost 30 earth years long, that would mean that they, the seasons are like seven years long on Saturn. Yeah, neat. Seven year spring. Who wouldn't want that? Yeah, I Mean that's a good band name right there. It Is. It really is. Chuck. These rings are, are separated obviously when you look at 'em you can tell there are gaps in between and some are brighter than others, some are more dense than others.


And because of that they, you know, when they noticed the rings, they didn't know about all of them. They were discovered individually over time and named A, B, C, D, E, F, and G an order of when they were found. But that's not the actual order of where they are. If you just started at Saturn and worked your way out, right. In that case it would be D, C, B, A, F, G and then E. And the best mnemonic device I could come up to remember that is don't choose brunch and forego grits and eggs. That's pretty Good. Yeah, I thought so too. I thought a just a nonsense joke was coming my way, but No, that's A, that one actually makes sense. A real way you Could Remember.


Yeah. Nice, nice work. Yeah, Phil approves Good. Thanks Phil. So If you ever noticed Saturn's rings also, there's like dark stripes in between 'em that's actually voids in between the rings, right? That Saturn's got tons of rings, some are bigger than others. And when you kinda look at 'em from afar, it just looks like they have, what is that? Seven, seven rings. But there's actually way more, these are just the rings that we can see and identify and they're, they're differentiated by these gaps. And there's a huge gap I think between the B ring and the A ring. So it's about in the middle of Saturn's rings, it's called the Cassini division and it's about 3000 miles across.


Yeah. And I That's A big gap. Yeah, it is a big gap. And kind of put this in perspective, especially for our American friends, If you took Seattle and you took Boston and you erased the country in between them and replace it with the void of space, the people in Seattle and Boston could look out from one another across what was roughly the size of the Cassini division. I like that analogy. I, I don't know what's so funny about it, Daddy. How far is 3000 miles? Okay. But it was the replacing it with the void of space that I think really drove it home If you ask me. Yeah.


Do you know how long I went into a distance calculator to figure out two cities that most people know are roughly 3000 miles apart? Did you come up with that? Yeah. So the Cassini division, the, the cause of that whole thing is the interaction gravitationally speaking with the moon. And we'll talk about the various moons coming up. But the moon I guess, is it Mimus? It's not Mimus is it? I've been saying Mimus. Yeah, I've been saying Mimus in my head, although Mimus Makes sense too. Yeah. But I like Mimus. Okay. 'cause it's not tein, it's Titan. Hmm. Depending on where you live though. I guess so.


But the particles in that B ring orbit about two times for each of Mimus trip around Saturn. And each time they're gonna pass, Mimus has the chance to, you know, inflict a little gravitational influence on those particles and that just accumulates basically. And it creates a very steady gravitational force on those particles and it's just gonna hold 'em right there in place. And they're not gonna drift into the gap. They're gonna stay nice and tight. Yeah, That's pretty cool. That's how the, that's how the Cassini division is created by that gravitational pole. And me. That's right. MEUs also is nicknamed the Death Star because If you look at a picture of BEUs, it looks an awful lot like the Death Star.


Yeah. And the Death Star. That's a, it's like a, a a A space fortress in the Star Wars movies. That's no Planet. That's right. But no, it's a moon. Oh, that's no moon. Was that what it was? It was, no, I'm saying he was right. It isn't a Planet, it's a moon. I can't remember the line though, was it? That's No Planet. I think that's what it was. I'm pretty sure when the Han Solo is saying that. Yeah, I think so. But you know, it's no big deal If you get Star Wars stuff wrong, right? No, everybody's very easygoing about that stuff. Should we? No. Should we break or should we not? Let's Talk about how the rings formed and then we'll come back and talk. No, let's take a break. You wanna take a break?


Yeah. Okay. And then we'll talk about how those rings form right after this.


All you renters out there hears something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear now Anyone who's ever rented before knows that feeling you get every month, your hard earned cash gone. It's like throwing money away. And even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. Yeah. It can make you feel like you'll never be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing here so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments toward home ownership. It's called Rent Rewards. And for the first time you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. That's right. And if this sounds like something that could make a difference in your life, call 800 the number four rocket. Or visit rocket.com today to learn more about rent rewards. That's 800, the number four Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC licensed in all 50 states N mls consumer access.org. Number 30 30


Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing Anna Base Sofas. Where designer style meets budget friendly prices. Annay brings you the ultimate in furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. Anna Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stained resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy liquids Simply slide right off designed for custom comfort. Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years. Don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


It is a quickly changing world and when it comes to investing every day brings new questions the way to truly confident investing well that road is paved with curiosity. That's why at t Rowe Price, they're relentlessly curious. They don't settle for fast answers. That's right. Especially when it comes to your retirement because yesterday's answers may not be the ones you need today to secure a successful retirement tomorrow. So how much is enough? What If you don't wanna stop working or even switch gears and take on chapter two. These questions just scratch the surface. The possibilities and the unexpected of what your future could hold are endless. Find out more on their podcast, confident Conversations on Retirement, where they dig deep with questions that will get to the answers you are looking for so you can feel confident investing in your future. T Rowe Price Confident Conversations on Retirement podcast, find it on your favorite podcast platform or visit t rowe price.com/podcast.


So Chuck, you said a little early on I think that that people who study this kind of stuff are not a hundred percent sure how Saturn's rings formed, right? Right. There's a lot of different competing theories. There's a whole camp that's like, they're as old as the planet, so they're multi-billion year old rings and other people are like, that's just stupid. And specifically there's a researcher from NASA who in 1986 wrote a paper, his name's Jack Connery. I don't think he actually said Your idea is stupid to other people. But what he did do is he, he calculated the rate of what came to be called ring rain. And that is those particles falling into Saturn.


And when they do that, that ring becomes slightly depleted and it happens more and more and more. And on the scale of tens or hundreds of millions of years, it will, Saturn is eventually steadily losing its rings and apparently the particles fall into Saturn when they become charged. And I guess they're more attracted by Saturn's gravitational pole and they travel down the magnetic sphere just like particles bombard earth's magnetosphere and produce the auroras. Same thing happens to Saturn, but it's, it's paying the price, it's at the expense of losing its rings. Does it come, does it become part of Saturn itself?


Does it suck that up into Saturn? Yes, I believe so. And I think it melts as it gets further and further toward the center. Okay, so Saturn isn't necessarily becoming larger as the rings deplete? No, Leon's becoming larger. Okay. So alright, that means a lot of stuff. That means that we are living on earth at a time where we just happen to live and it's a long period of time. But If you, If you zoom out on a macro level, cosmically speaking, it's not that long. But we, we happen to be living in a time where we're, we're probably at like peak ring, don't you think? Yeah.


Because guys like Jack Connor and he calculated that based on the rate of ring rain, the rings probably aren't more than a hundred million years old. Right? Yeah. So a hundred million years before this, Saturn wouldn't have had rings and they also calculated a hundred to 300 million years, hence Saturn's not gonna have rings either. Yeah. And the way that they came up with that a hundred million year old estimate is because any older than that, there should be far less rings based on the rate of ring ring. And if it were younger there should be more rings than that. So that group is pretty self-satisfied right now. Yeah, I bet they are.


We also talked about, well we still haven't really talked about where the actual stuff that makes up those rings come from. And again, there are competing theories, one of which is that there used to be, and again we'll get to the moons, Saturn has lots of moons, but one theory is that they used to have even a lot more moons than they have now. And one of those moons that may have existed, they actually named Chrysalis was and a little bit of a, a push and pull with Titan the largest moon a gravitational battle. Or Titin. Or Titin. Yeah. It fell out of orbit because of that battle, I guess Titan wins and chrysalis veered too close to Saturn was basically just busted apart by the, the gravity of this enormous gas giant.


And then that debris field is what formed that ring. And then over time, over millions and millions of years, chrysalis continued to sort of crash into itself and created like the smaller rings around itself or above and below. And also some of the bigger ones because you know, like you said, some of the, some of the particles in the rings are like grain of sand size, but other like boulder size and those boulder ones are just ones that haven't crashed into the proper other boulders yet to create those sand grains. They just, it's just a matter of time eventually. Yeah. What's what's the other theory? There's Another theory which by the way, Saturn apparently is like a thunderdome for astrophysicists.


There's so many different theories about so many different things. Yeah. But the other theory is that a bunch of Saturn's moons collided together. It wasn't just one getting pulled towards Saturn, they all just kind of got all tripped up and boom boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And all of a sudden you've got this debris field that got smaller and smaller, more particulate over time. Just like the chrysalis theory too. So they don't fight over this one probably as much. Not as much. But they do dress like master blaster when they talk about it. They just don't actually fight. Some of these rings are formed by these moons there. There's one called one of the moons Insti.


I'm going with Intis. Enceladus. Okay. Enchiladas sounds way too much like salad. Yeah. Enchilada. Yeah. This thing is erupting salt water kind of constantly into the atmosphere and that turns into ice crystals. And those ice crystals as we see can very easily form into rings. And that is in fact where we get our E ring around Saturn, If you know, you're looking at the letters. So I guess the A, B, C, DE, the fifth one Discovered, well no remember they are out of or Oh yeah, the fifth one discovered. You're right. Sorry. Yeah. Nice save. So there's also another ring that they discovered is recently is 2009.


Like, 'cause our telescopes just keep getting better and better from Galileos in 1610 to the Spitzer space telescope. Surprisingly hard to say. Yeah. They found a new ring that basically follows the orbit of Saturn's furthest moon out Phoebe buffet. Yeah, That's right. I was gonna say bridgers, but Sure. Yeah. All yours is a little more art housey than mine. Oh, I love that boy genius record. So good. I believe Phoebe's is a very faint ring. Is that right? Yeah, Yeah, I do. Yeah, it's very, that's why it took so long for us to find it. Yeah, I guess so. I think we knew Phoebe existed the moon.


It could be Fobe, they might be pronouncing it like that, but we didn't know the ring was there until 2009. Yeah. But the reason we're mentioning all this is the fact that the, the, those rings are, they're dynamic, they're changing, they're reshaping and like we said, and you know, maybe as little as a hundred million years they might may not even be there. Yeah. I just think that's really fascinating, you know? Yeah. You can thank the good lord that we're alive at a time when Saturn has rings and we have telescopes. That's right. So we also talked a lot about the moons just now and it turns out that Saturn's moons are really fascinating in and of themselves.


It has a bunch of moons as many as 146 that we know about right now. Just last year, well two years ago when this comes out in 2023, the in International astronomical Union, they added 62 more moons. And I don't know if they were saving up and just wanted to do a batch edition of moons or Yeah. If they found a bunch in quick secession, I'm not sure. But they're like, there are definitely more moons there. Yeah, more moons coming, I mean, 'cause yeah, just a couple years ago they were under a hundred. Now there's 146. So big changes. So keep collecting those moons, everybody and, and hit us in a few years with a number that's gonna knock our socks off, Collect all 146.


That's right. So the other thing about the moons too is that they orbit outside of the rings, which makes sense because the moons that were inside of the rings were what make up the rings probably. Yeah. So these moons haven't smashed into anything else and they're just orbiting around. And like you said, mimus, that one exerts a gravitational influence that creates the Cassini division, which means that it's really close to those rings. It's actually the nearest moon two Saturn's atmosphere, but it's only about half the distance of the moon we have here on earth, which is about 237,000 miles as every shining fan knows.


That's right. But this thing hauls it, it has an orbital speed of about 32,000 miles an hour. It's so fast that it completes an orbit in less than an Earth Day, about 22 hours. And If you consider our moon here on earth, what does it take about a month to complete its orbit? That's, that's really cooking. In fact, the mo the month is based on the moon taking a month. They're inextricable basically. So is there a month, 22 hours? I guess so. Yeah, Because what was their day? How, what did you say their day was? 10 ish, I think 10.6. Yeah, that's right. 10. So there's a bunch of different moons, different sizes, but Saturn has some really, really big ones.


Titan, which we've already talked about is enormous and it, what A moon, It is a great moon. Its size is large enough that it can actually hold an atmosphere in place. It's one of the very few moons that we know about that has an actual atmosphere to speak of. And boy, are we gonna speak about it? Yeah, it is. It's a, it's titan is quite striking. It is has mountains made of ice. It has seas made of ethane and liquid methane. So it, it's just an incredible moon. It has an atmosphere much like ours. It's composed of nitrogen, but it has an air pressure that just knocks ours out of the park.


It's I think 150% stronger at sea level, which is, it's gonna be like, you'd think you were on LSD or something If you, you plopped yourself on Titan and you would look around and you were being like, wait, there's odd things happening. Like it's raining really slowly. And someone would say, well what does that even mean? It's like, well look at the literal rain. It's coming down at about three and a half miles an hour on earth. It rains down at about 20 miles an hour. And it just, it's, it sounds funny and it looks funny. And one of the, one of the friends there was like, rain's a weird word. Have you ever thought about that word rain? But why does it sound funny? Because the, the atmosphere is so thick that vibration sound can travel much more efficiently through it.


So If you shouted like, hello, you would burst at eardrums of your friend on LSD. Yeah. If you said, look how slow the rain is, They just, it's all over clap their hands over their ears and like double over and paint. But it's not a hospitable place. Like nothing could, could live on the surface of Titan. I think it has a, a negative 240, I'm sorry 290 degree Fahrenheit average temperature. And like we said, the liquids there are methane and ethane. So that's, you know, what do you, you can't do anything with those two. No. But there is a liquid ocean about 50 miles below the, the surface that that methane and et ethane and ice surface and this ocean is actually made of salt water.


Yeah. Good fishing. Yeah. From what I hear For sure. But that's the point. They're like, wait a minute, there's salt water there. It's, it's heated by the core of Titan. There's also hydrocarbons on the planet's surface. Like If you put this stuff together in just the right arrangement, you might have some sort of bizarre form of life. Like the, or these are organic materials that you could conceivably create life from. So who knows what's swimming around or floating around in that ocean underneath Titan surface. Yeah. That's why people are so jazzed about Titan. Yeah, Totally. And it's titan, I mean, come on. Yeah. You know there's also, what'd you say? Salus Enchiladas.


That's right. What'd you call it? I said ins, you said something else. It sounded like salad. Are you satu? I think I said Encs. We'll, we'll we'll let the listeners decide. Have You ever thought about that word Encs? What's the deal with that one? That's, it's, I know it's an about the size of Arizona and also has a salt water ocean un under the crust. That is So, so far Titans two for two that we've talked about, we've talked about two moons and both of 'em happen to have salt water oceans Yeah. Underneath. Yeah, that's a, that's a big one too. So like it's underneath it's icy crust, which means that it's protected and heated and heated so much.


In fact that I think we said ins enceladus now, I don't know how to say it, bursts ice from its ocean out into the atmosphere, creating the E ring, which is pretty cool in and of itself. But that also means that, that there's geysers and where there's geysers, there's probably hydrothermal vents on the ocean floor, the floor of the saltwater ocean. And that means that life could conceivably Yeah. Create or start up there. 'cause it's a, that's a really popular theory these days about how life started on earth around hydrothermal vents in the ocean. Yeah. So who knows. And then the Cassini probe wrote back, wrote home from camp not too long ago and was like, Hey, I sampled some of this water and it's got some mind blowing stuff in there.


Yeah, For sure. And you know, we mentioned earlier the Cassini spacecraft finished up in 2017, it was called the grand finale when it wrapped up its mission because it on on purpose says like, Hey, let's just get really close and just kamikaze this thing and just see what kind of readings we can get up to the last second there. So that's how it ended its mission. But there's a new one dragonfly that's coming up, I believe launching in 2028 and will arrive on Titan by 2034. So I mean, hang on to your hats. It'll be a decade, but then from now, but then we're gonna start getting some, I mean, imagine the changes that are gonna happen between now and then.


Yeah, for sure. And there's actually a really cool animation artist interpretation of that grand finale of the Cassini probe that's worth watching on YouTube. Oh, cool. You got anything else? I got nothing else. I got one more thing. It turns out in the northern hemisphere, September, 2025 will be the best time to view Saturn. Ooh. Because it'll be on the opposite side of the sun from earth. So it'll be nice and bright and easy to see. Oh, cool. Well, we'll either think to remind you and we'll probably forget, but I imagine that'll be a Newsmaker, like people on the news will be saying like, Hey, go out and look for Saturn. For Sure. Might be able to see it with your eyeballs.


Okay, well Chuck mentioned eyeballs, so we have no choice but to unlock listener mail. Hey guys, this is from Rockney. I'm the mother of one, this says Mother, but I bet they meant Mother Probably. I'm the mother of one, even a long time listeners. I don't remember exactly when I started listening, but it was back in high school. I graduated. Wait a Minute. Wait, wait, wait. So Rockney is the mother of one of our listeners. Oh, no, no, no. Rock needs to Open. I I bet you anything they meant to say. I'm another one of your longtime listeners. Oh, Okay. Makes now that I'm reading it and doing the math. Okay. Okay, Here we go.


Hey guys, my name is Rockney. I'm another one of your longtime listeners. Nice. My girlfriend Anna has never listened to a single episode of your podcast. English is her second language, so she's probably Anna and English spoken word entertainment doesn't quite feel relaxing for her yet, so don't hold it against her. But over the past few weeks, I've been on a mission. I've been humming, whistling and vocalizing the Stuff You Should Know, theme song nonstop around her, trying to make it familiar. And this past weekend my experiment finally succeeded. I called her, humming it on her own, completely unprompted. I came clean, told her I'd been training her ears, explaining it's the theme song of my podcast. She's familiar with Stuff You Should Know through my constant mentions and she just calls it my podcast.


We both had a great laugh about it. Recently I heard a listener mail from a mom who casually used Clark as a verb, so I figured I'd share my similar success story. So thanks for over 1.2 decades of entertainment and that is from Rockney. Thanks a lot, Rockney, we appreciate that. Thanks for trying to spread the the good word by creating Earworms. That's right. If you wanna be like Rockney and let us know your situation, we love to hear that kind of stuff. You can wrap it up, spank it on the bottom and send it off to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio.


For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


At t Rowe Price, their experience helps them see investment potential differently. Instead of quick answers, they know that what really leads to confident investing is true curiosity. In other words, they love a good deep dive. It's what drives them to ask the questions that really matter in our ever-changing world. Like can healthcare innovations create a healthier world? And how will intelligent systems be part of a new tomorrow? Their curiosity runs deep and with it comes the power to help you invest more confidently, better questions, better outcomes. T Rowe Price. Learn more at t rowe price.com/curiosity.


Spring is in the air. And at Minky Couture we're celebrating this joyful season with warmth, love, and the softest coziest blankets. Whether you're cuddling up after an Easter egg hunt or gifting a little extra comfort to someone special, our luxury blankets make every moment even Sweeter from our Minky family to yours, happy Easter. May your day be filled with love, laughter, and all the cozy moments you can dream of. Visit us online@minkycouture.com or stop by one of our stores to find your perfect minky hug today.