
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple Pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark, and there's Charles w Chuck Bryant. And there's Jerry over there. And this is Stuff You Should Know the, is it getting hot in here or is it just me edition? Yeah, that's right. Well, you know what we can do? We can just migrate to another part of the iHeart offices is here. Nice. Yeah, Nice. A nice cool studio. Yeah, they really do keep 'em cool, frankly cold. Yeah. And this is, that's the last fun we're gonna have on this episode. 'cause this is not so fun.


That is not true. There's plenty of places for jokes here. Okay. All Right, good. Do you remember we did one on comas and we had jokes, so come on. Right. We can do this. Yeah, that's a good point. So we're talking climate migration and it, it's a really interesting topic. This was your idea actually. And I tip my hat to you. Hmm, thank you. And I'm just joking. I'm not, I'm not wearing a hat. See another Joke. So the, the thing that surprised me, so we're climate migration, we should just tell people off the bat is where people have to move somewhere else because extreme weather, droughts, basically anything, extreme temperatures, anything that has to do with climate change, basically ruining where they live.


Yeah. That's climate migration. Hu, Human wise. Yes. Like there's an animal climate migration we're not even gonna talk about. No, we did a whole episode on plant migration. Yeah. That was due to climate too. So this is, yes, that was a good, good catch. This is human specific. And one of the things that struck me about this is there's a, there's not a lot of like solid agreement on exactly how bad things are gonna be. Yeah. And exactly how far people are gonna have to move. And even among the people who do agree, the experts who do generally agree on some stuff, they're still like, I don't know that this is gonna be as bad as it's being portrayed, like say in the media.


Yeah, for sure. And you know, we'll get to some studies and stats and things, but the stats you gotta keep in mind are kind of a guess. 'cause as Libya points out, or maybe we'll just talk about that when we get to the stats part. Okay. But I just wanted to put a a, I wanted to put a lid on the hysteria because like you said, we just don't know yet. And it might not be as bad as we think. There might be some pluses there. There are definitely gonna be some minuses, but it's something that we're talking about now and it's decades enough into the future that we have time to prepare for it. It's kind of like we went from, okay, let's stop emitting greenhouse gases to okay, it's too late for that. Now we have to figure out how to deal with the repercussions of that.


That's where we're at. But we have a little bit of time and if we start thinking about and talking about how to do this smartly and responsibly without again, becoming hysterical and overplanning and overdoing it, we could, we could do this Right. And make it as comfortable as possible. Yeah. We being specifically the United States, 'cause there are other parts of the world that are already sort of proactive rather than kind of, like you said, being reactive and waiting when potential refugees are just sort of at the border saying like, we have no place to go because our our have our place almost said habitat. I guess humans have a habitat, right? Yeah, sure.


Is that true? Yeah. Every animal has a habitat. Okay. I didn't know if I was being calloused by considering it's all just animals. Were you being a speciesist? Maybe so, but if, speaking of the us You know, you do hear a lot of talk about that kind of thing. Like, oh, people are gonna be coming into our country. You know, depending on who you talk to in this country, some people might welcome them, some people might not. But as Olivia is very astute to point out, generally what we're talking about nowadays, the more common thing that you're seeing is people, people don't wanna leave their home. You know? So yeah, that's A big point. They'll move as kind of close as they can to where they're from rather than say, Hey, let's just pick up and go to a completely different country where I know nothing about it and I don't speak the language.


Like what's generally happening is if there's a climate issue, like, let's say, which could look like a lot of things and we're gonna talk about a lot of them, it could mean I, I just can't farm here anymore because it's so drought prone. Or there was a, my coastline is disappearing or the, there was a, a natural disaster here. So I have to leave. People wanna move close to where they are. So they're generally saying like, alright, I can't be out here in the farm area anymore, so let's move toward the urban centers. And that's why a lot of these urban centers in the global south are popping at the seams. Yeah. And it's gonna definitely get more poppy for sure as we go. Yeah. But as it stands right now, especially say like you can take California for an example, they deal with wildfires.


Like that's just a fact of life and it's getting to be a much more frequent fact of life. So If you leave your house because there's a wildfire in your backyard, you are technically a climate migrant Right. Then. Yeah. But If you go back and rebuild, or your house didn't end up burning down, you're basically following the current pattern of climate migration, you're leaving long enough to, for, for you to take yourself outta harm's way during the disaster, the extreme weather event and then going back. But If you do that enough times, some people are going to just get tired of that. Yeah. And they're eventually not going to go back. And that's, that's kind of like how climate migration, at least say in the United States right now, is starting to, to look.


Yeah. Or starting to starting to establish itself. Right. And, but the idea is that I guess if you're moving away from where wildfires are more rampant, you're gonna move to a place probably as close as you can unless, you know, in America, If you have like family on the other side of the country or something where those wildfires generally don't happen, maybe you'll do that. But if we're talking about countries, you're probably moving within your country and within your country there. It's not like, oh, well I've, you know, I'm, I'm at a place where the climate problem isn't a problem, so it's not solving a bigger problem. You know what I'm saying?


Yeah. And even more so, like If you are a migrant, even within your own country, like you said, say like to an urban center or something like that, a lot of times when you show up, you might show up with all of your neighbors, your entire community, maybe your entire region. If the say like the drought is bad enough and the city's not like, Hey, we just happen to have all this extra free housing for you guys, so come on in very frequently you'll end up in what amounts to a refugee camp. It's a climate refugee camp, But it's essentially the same thing as any other refugee camp. There's usually not running water, there's not good infrastructure. And this is a point that I hadn't thought of, but Livia pointed out, you are maybe even more vulnerable to natural disasters now because you live in a tent.


Yeah. So if a sandstorm comes along, you're in trouble because you just are in a tent rather than say the house that you had to leave because your farm was no longer producing crops. Yeah. And also you're, you're living like perhaps in like a, a shanty town on the outskirts of town and you're gonna see increased poverty. That's gonna be an unstable situation. And then violence comes along oftentimes in these places. She found one study from 2022 of Central African migrants. 5% reported that they moved specifically for environmental reasons, but 50% said Yeah. But that played a part in the decision to leave.


Like whether or not they're saying like, no, the drought's too bad here I'm leaving. Or it, some places are just, the extreme heat is becoming so bad as people just can't live there anymore. They're not saying I'm, I'm moving just because of that. But half of 'em are saying like, yeah, that was a factor that led to this, this whole mess. Right. Yeah. And there's probably the most famous and most well studied recent example of climate migration leading to violent conflict was the Syrian civil war. Yeah. Between 2006 and 2010, there was a really, really bad drought in Syria and the surrounding region.


And a lot of people had to move to the city or cities and they, like a lot of people were displaced and they joined people who had already arrived as refugees before from Iraq and from Palestine. And so all these people are there, the government is basically ignoring them, pretending like they're not there. Their farms are being lost, they're getting zero help from the government, which has become neoliberal under Bashar Assad who took over for, from his father. And they start, the unrest gets bad enough that a civil war starts like there's a rebel insurgency to, to topple Assad.


And it actually ended up working. It didn't at first because Assad famously used chemical weapons on his own people and he got everything under control. But then they made a second push this past I think December and ran 'em out of the country and actually took over. And you can trace that ultimately back to that drought that was cr created largely by climate change. And that's, that's nuts. Like If you think about it, if that drought had never happened, there wouldn't have been a Syrian civil war. And that's probably the most extreme version example Yeah. Of of climate, a climate crisis leading to violent armed conflict.


But it's not like it doesn't exist. It's not like it doesn't happen like that happened. Yeah. I mean, over an eight year period from 2002 to 2010, the urban population in Syria went from just under 9 million people to almost 14 million. That's nuts. So that is a lot of people to add. But, and this isn't like to, I'm in full agreement, so this isn't a counterpoint, but Syria mishandled that. And there are other countries in the region that suffered through the same drought, specifically Jordan and Lebanon, that had a government that was more proactive and responsive and they had policies that were put in place that they didn't have the same kind of, you know, destructive outcomes that Syria had.


So it's, yeah. You know, it all depends on how you're handling the situ situation. We're gonna talk a lot about countries, you know, people leaving countries and then especially the receiving countries because that's really where the rubber meets the road For sure. If the, the rubber hasn't melted by then That's right. And if the road is still intact and not cracked to pieces. Yeah. Yeah. It hasn't buckled. Yeah. There are actually some estimates all over the place about how many climate migrants there're going to be. And there was something called the groundswell report that the World Bank put out in 2021. And they are saying by 2050, 216 million people will have moved either to another country or within their own country because climate conditions have made where they used to live.


Untenable. So we're talking 25 years, not even 30 years anymore, Chuck. We're in 2025. Yeah. That's, if, if my math holds up, that's just 25 years from now, that is a tremendous amount of migration. Some people say, nah, it's probably gonna be more like 50 million. But it seems like that World Bank analysis is the most commonly cited, although you could also suggest it's the most commonly cited 'cause it's such a eye popping number. Yeah, true. Well this is probably a good place since I promised to talk about something stat related. One of the reasons it's hard, or one of the reasons you get something like anywhere from 50 to 250 million people, this pretty big swing is 'cause we don't know how effective our efforts are gonna be to curb emissions and to get things, you know, sort of on the right track again, how successful we're gonna be at, you know, some wealthier countries doing things like sea walls and redistributing water resources and things like that.


Because as you'll see a lot of, and we've talked about before, that, you know, the most precious resource in the future is, is love, is it's, it is love. Oh man, I needed that water, unfortunately. So, you know. Oh yeah, that's, there've been people that talk about, you know, the wars of the future will be fought over water. And as we'll see a lot of climate migration happens either because of a lack of water or lack of water that's, you know, useful for humans or too, too much water in other parts like rising sea waters and such. Yeah, for sure. So the, the World Bank broke it down. That Sub-Saharan Africa is gonna see by far the most 86 million.


Yeah. Followed by East Asia in the Pacific at 49 million South South Asia, 40 million North Africa, 19 million. Although some people are like, it's gonna be even more than that for North America and parts of the Middle East because it's gonna get so hot that you, it will be uninhabitable by humans. Yeah. I think you meant in North Africa, not North America. That's right. Yes. North Africa in the Middle East, not North America, in the Middle East. I think people who listen to the show know us enough now to where we're like old pals and they're like, oh Josh, Chuck, you don't even need to point to point that out. We know what he meant. You know what though? I think, I think we should introduce a new device here in year 17.


Whenever I misspeak. Just cut me off in the middle by doing your egg color spot on. Can we try one? So Let's try that. Alright, so you ready? Yeah. So it's going to get so hot in the Middle East and North America that, what did I say wrong, Chuck? Nothing, I just like doing that sound. I think we've come up with something new that we really need to do. Alright, well how about this? Why don't we take a break. You said Latin America was 17 million, right? No, I never got there. Latin America, 17 million. Don't forget Eastern Europe and Central Asia. 5 million. So, you know, not nearly as many as as the others, but there are again water scarcity.


Yeah. In places like Mongolian, Kazakhstan. So now can we take a break? Yeah, we can take a break. Alright. I think you should take us out on your egg splat sound again. Alright, we'll be right back.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/scy sk that's linkedin.com/sy sk. And you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. Strawberry Do me career coaching. Yeah. strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry.me/stuff because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Let's be real. Life happens, kids still pet shed and accidents are inevitable. That's why you need a washable sofa that can keep up. Our sofas are fully machine washable inside and out. So you can say goodbye to stains and hello to worry-free living made with liquid and stain resistant fabrics. They're kid proof, pet friendly and built for everyday life. Plus changeable fabric covers. Let you refresh your sofa whenever you want. Need flexibility. Our modular design lets you rearrange your sofa anytime to fit your space. Whether it's a growing family room or a cozy apartment. Plus they're earth friendly and trusted by over 200,000 happy customers starting at just $699. It's time to upgrade to a stress-free mis proof sofa. Visit washable sofas.com today and save. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Alright. All right. So I kind of teased out the importance of, or I'm sorry, importance. I soften tease here in the south. Everybody, If you haven't noticed by now, year 17, receiving communities are very important. How safe these people are gonna be when they move to this place is a, and again, a, they're still gonna be vulnerable to the impacts of climate where they go most likely or, or almost, you know, with a hundred percent certainty, but just how safe they're gonna be, period. Because we talked about sometimes when they set up on the outskirts of towns and there's violence and they're more susceptible by being in a shanty or a tent or something to just even a hard rain.


So it, it's almost like this, it's a vicious cycle that's happening where people are being displaced to places that also aren't safe. Yeah. And we should say that most of this migration and most of the migrants are going to be coming from or going moving within the, what's called the global south. Yeah. And you don't use the equator as the dividing line for the global south. For example, Australia and New Zealand squarely in the southern hemisphere, but they're not considered global south. It's a distinction between the developed and the developing world. So you have Latin America, Africa, India is usually included, China's included, and Southeast Asia.


And it, it, these countries ironically are, If you accept China and India, most of these countries are, have put out the least amount of emissions that that triggered climate change. And yet they're the most vulnerable to climate change in large part because they're developing. And if you're a developing country, you're probably still really reliant on agriculture. You're reliant on things like timber and other natural resources. And those are the things that are getting impacted first right off the bat. And so If you economy's based on agriculture and there's a drought that covers your entire nation, your economy's in big trouble and your people are probably going to have to move.


Yeah. Here's the thing though, and this isn't like a a bright side sort of thing. It, it puts a strain on resources when a lot of new people come to a place, but they can also be an asset because most of those migrants are gonna end up performing a lot of very important jobs in that area. A lot of them work in agriculture, some work in construction, some work in childcare. But those same people are also not necessarily it, it depends on the receiving community even down to that community level and how they're gonna take care of those people. And what I mean by take care in this case is just see that they get a fair shot at like earning a wage by performing a job.


If you, you face of a lot of potential workplace abuse, if you're one of those migrants in the United Arab Emirates is a, is a striking example, 88% of the population there is made up of migrants mainly from Pakistan, Nepal, Bangladesh. And it's very hot there as well. And so they're not taking care of their migrant population of workers. And they can just, sometimes some companies might be like, you know what, we're not gonna pay you for that. What are you gonna do about it? Yeah. There's a, a lot of examples of modern slavery forced labor Yeah. In the UAE and other countries, very wealthy Gulf states. And that is a good example of climate migrants, but really any kind of migrant being taken advantage of and it's something that definitely has to be paid attention to.


On the other hand, there are studies that say, okay, it, this actually might be good. Like yes, we need to make sure that the receiving countries are not exploiting the climate migrants or any migrants, but the, the pressure that could be relieved from their home country if they're moving to more developed or wealthier countries that are more set up with infrastructure and social structure to absorb them Yeah. That, that actually could be a plus because all of a sudden the population is not swollen in an urban center where it's really hot and you're around people from an ethnic group that your ethnic group has hated for a thousand years. Like moving some of these people out to other countries could actually be a relief valve that could keep social upheaval from happening.


Yeah. Potentially. So under the United Nations, they have a, a refugee convention from 1951 that specifically defines the, the good thing it does, it defines that refugees are entitled to legal rights entitled to travel, some kinds of support housing, that kind of thing. But the, I guess kind of the downside of what it did is it very narrowly defined what a refugee was in the wake of World War ii, which was you have to be fleeing persecution on the basis of race, religion, nationality, political opinion or group membership. And only if you're fleeing from one border to the next.


We already, you know, mentioned that a lot of this is happening within their home country. So Right. They, they don't have any of those un guaranteed rights, but a lot of people, legal scholars are saying, Hey, we need to expand that definition to include maybe not necessarily only cross border and people who were climate refugees. Yeah. Like why not add the sun? You can be fleeing the sun. Yeah. And, and we'll consider you a refugee from now on. That's me every summer in Atlanta. Right. You just go down in your basement. Right. And turn I tasty. Yeah. So yes, there are, there are like, I guess there's structure, there's like global structure that can be applied to climate migrants and climate refugees.


It's just, that's not necessarily happening right now, But it wouldn't take much I think is what we're saying. Right. To just kind of expand the existing definitions. Well, yeah. And that's just, you know, that's the un definition. There are other places in the world, the organization of African Unity Convention and the Latin America Cartia. Is that Cartia? Yeah. I know that from romancing the stunt. We just watched that with Ruby last weekend. It's such A good movie. It holds up. And it is, If you, If you have a kid that's around that age, that's into sort of like action adventure kind of movies, which she is, it's a, it's a great one man. She had a really good time and it's not like super inappropriate for an eighties movie.


That's really surprising. Did you follow up with Jewel of the Nile? Not yet, but yeah. That that'll be coming. It's just Danny DeVito man. What a, what a national treasure that guy Is. Yeah. He really is a jewel. So great. Ira, IRA. I forgot how much I love Remains in the stone. Alright, so back to Cartia declaration. They have an expanded definition of refugee that is more broad than the UN where they say events that are seriously disturbing public order, which obviously could include climate events. Yeah. The sun can do that. Yeah. So one of the things that a lot of these nations that are going to be most affected are saying is like, Hey, we appreciate you guys thinking about this, but we don't really want to move.


So is there like a, a, a version of this where we can stay and you wealthy countries who kind of got us into this mess in the first place can maybe help fund some of the mitigation efforts that we're trying to, to put in place. And so far the wealthy countries are like, well, I can't hear you. The the connections breaking up. But that may change as we get a little further down the road. Who knows? But there are some, some governments that are like kind of starting to plan because they're like, this is not, this is not 2050 for us. This is like 2030 that we're having to worry about. And in some places it's already started happening. Like Keira Body is a Pacific Island nation. Yeah.


It's 32 nations, about 130,000 people. And at best it's just about at sea level. Yeah. And when sea level is rising, ki body is going under the sea and apparently sea level is rising about four times faster than other parts of the world. Yeah. The writing's on the wall there, very sadly. For sure. So their, their government was like, okay, we have to figure out how to move people and we have to figure out how to do it. Right. And they started looking at Fiji, right? Yeah. And Fiji kind of stepped up and were like, Hey, we have some under developed land. I guess it was undeveloped land that we can sell you.


This is in 2014. And the president at the time of Kira body was a Notte Tong. I think that's right. Yeah. Alright. And tong's, you know, was all over this. Like, let, let's buy this land, let's move people. Like not just, you know, a few families. Like let's start moving on mass over there because you know, the writing is on the wall here and these islands just aren't gonna be around at some point. Right. He, they were, he was calling it Migration with Dignity. And then in 2016, Tong lost the president to Teneti Maal. And this, it was just, you know, sometimes when a new administration comes in, Josh, things can shift in radical directions.


I don't know If you knew that or not. I could see ma Mao basically running on this platform because I'm guessing 130,000 people in a 32 island spread. Yeah. That is ki body, like I'm guessing moving the entire country to Fiji Yeah. Is probably top of the mind of the voters there. So I'm guessing that Ma Mao or ma Mao ran on a platform against moving and was like, no, we're going to figure out how to stay here. We're gonna build sea walls, we're going to cross our fingers, we're gonna use fairy dust. Who knows what, what they were running on, but they won. Because people don't want to move if they don't have to.


If there's a chance of them staying where they lived, where their families have lived, they want to stay. Typically that's what people are who study climate migrants are finding. Yeah. Well in that case it was, you know, billions of dollars to, to like physically re-engineer these islands and build those walls and they didn't have that kind of dough. So China stepped up and said, Hey, you got that, that marine protected zone where you're don't allow fishing, give us those fishing rights. So this is just sort of a good, another good example of the domino effect that can happen. All of a sudden you're wrecking that part of the, the sea because it was a protected zone that's no longer protected.


'cause China said, Hey, we'll help you re-engineer those islands If you let us fish there. But they only ended up giving a fraction of the cost of what's needed. I think New Zealand is also stepping up. Right? Well they tried to, they created a new visa specifically for residents of places like Keira Body who are like, we need to get out now. And New Zealand very kindly was like, you guys can come live here, we're gonna make it as easy as possible on you. And the people of Keira body just gave them crickets back Yeah. In New Zealand within six months. Like, cancel the program. 'cause they had basically no takers. They did not need the special visa because people again don't wanna move. I know. If there's any chance of them not having to move, I get it.


You know, I, I totally get it as well. For sure. And I mean, If you, If you put yourself in that mindset, it suddenly is like, okay, I kind of get why people keep moving back after their house burns down from a wildfire or gets blown away by a hurricane. Yeah. Or it gets like, picked up by a tornado, that's where you live. Yeah. And it just hasn't, I feel like it just hasn't gotten quite frequent enough for people, at least let's say in the United States. It's my frame of reference to just be like, okay, this is not going to change. It's gonna keep getting worse. We need to, we need to leave. Yeah. I mean, I think people are two minds here and it seems like there are way more people that are, are so attached to their home, they don't wanna leave it, but they're, you know, I've heard just anecdotally stories of people that are like, I'm getting the heck out of California, or I'm getting the heck out of a hurricane, you know, prone area.


Like the, the, the, you know, If you live around the Gulf of Mexico or something like that and those panhandle the areas or in like Houston or Miami, you know, we're getting outta Dodge. So some people are doing that, But it, it definitely doesn't seem like, you know, people are taking it seriously enough yet. What's nuts though is If you go to Miami today, their skyline is covered with construction cranes. They cannot build skyscrapers for housing fast enough. 'cause so many people are still moving to Miami. And I say we take a break and come back and talk about what's gonna happen to cities in the US As far as climate migration is concerned.


There's nothing Like sinking into luxury. An bay sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. An bay has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids pets or anyone who loves an easy to clean spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699 and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long and Get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home


for adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity. Refreshing sleep may be hard to come by and who likes to lag and drag through the day. OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Okay, Chuck. So I name checked Miami before the break, and that is a really good example of a city that is kind of up in the air for how much climate migration is going to affect it. Is it gonna get so bad down there that they're just gonna have to abandon Miami and it'll look like a reverse the day after tomorrow, but with heat and, and seawater rather than everything being frozen. Which by the way, I saw that the other day For the first time. No, it's actually one of my favorite movies. It turns out because every single time it's on, I will just sit there and watch it.


Ah, did I See that? All the, I think I might've seen that all the way through back when it came out, but that was it. Yeah. I I I hesitate to use the word good 'cause it's great, but it's, it, yeah. I just like it. It's one of those really, it's like Zodiac, I can watch Zodiac anytime it comes on. Like, I might not search it out, but I'll just sit there and watch it if it's, you know, presented to me somehow. No, I'm the same way. There's something about Zodiac that is just endlessly watchable to me. Yeah, for sure. But the day after, tomorrow's like that for me. Okay. Well you know what, I should check it out again. Oh. And I think I have a good reason to coming up hinted. Yeah. That's actually what triggered that idea. Oh, okay.


It was you and me just talking about something that only you and I know about. I know, you know, I have a couple of stats as far as the United States goes, this is at this point already here in 20 25, 2 or 3 million Americans leave their homes every year, every single year. Two to 3 million due to natural disasters that happen. Floods, earthquakes, fires, hurricanes, all the stuff that happens here. I don't, we don't have volcanoes that That's not the one right. That's not the ones. Well there's Mount St. Helen's, that was a big deal. Oh Yeah, yeah, true. But generally in the lower 48, we don't have volcanoes. Right. So that two to 3 million number, those are people who move permanently.


Right. That's not just people who like leave and then come back. No, no, no. Those are, most of those people do return, but over the past couple of decades, about 3 million people have moved just to avoid flooding, which is a long period of time. But those are people that are just like, yeah, I, it just, this place floods. I mean, I remember after Katrina, I feel like Atlanta got a, a pretty decent amount of, of displaced New Orleans residents that stayed here. I I have evidence by going to Falcons games. Right. So, so did Houston too. Yeah. Yeah. So that's a great example of that kind of thing happening. And like I, I'm sure a lot of them went back when it was clear that New Orleans was gonna be rebuilt and revitalized and get back to normal.


But a lot of them stayed. I'm sure a lot of 'em were like, things don't flood quite as much here in Atlanta, so I'm gonna just kinda stay here. Yeah. And Atlanta, I mean New Orleans is certainly such a singular, unique city in America, culturally like maybe more so than almost any city I've been to been to. So Atlanta is not that, but it's another big city in the south that I think is at least relatable to somebody from New Orleans in some ways. For sure. Yeah. There's like 98% less brass bands marching around. But you know, there's still a, a certain amount of like southern affinity Yeah. Between the two cities, right? Yeah. For like big cities. So sea level rise is going to affect the us but I didn't know this sea.


There's like, you know, they talk about sea level rise, you know, being like 0.1 millimeter a year or something like that. Right. Or they're predicting that's the global average sea level rises in different places at different rates. Yeah. And it can be so local that apparently the eastern seaboard of the United States is that sea level is rising faster than the west coast. It can be that local. And the reason why is there's something called post glacial rebound where the top part of the eastern seaboard, like New York, all that area was pressed down by a glacier. And after the glacier retreated 10,000 or so years ago, that it, that part of the land is still moving up, it's coming back, it's rebounding, but at the same time that's kind of pushing down like a seesaw, the southern part of the eastern seaboard.


So that's actually, the sea levels are rising faster there than even in the northern part of the eastern seaboard. It's crazy. Yeah. And you know, that's just sea level rise. And this isn't a a am reticent to do episodes sometimes where we're just like, you know, slinging fear and statistics. Right. But it, it's sort of the reality right now. Wildfire threat has just gotten worse. Especially if you're talking about Nevada and Oregon places that maybe didn't see the most wildfire in the past. And it's not just Miami as far as sea level rise. Like New York and Boston. I mean New York has seen flooding in, you know, the not too distant past where we never used to see things like that happening there.


I saw that some of the communities, the houses along Jamaica Bay, which I guess is Queens, right? Yeah. They flood every time there's a, at high tide, there's a full moon, like really flood their entire basement just totally flooded and it's starting to happen every single time. Wow. There's a full moon at high tide. So Yeah, I was reading like they're on the, the forefront of talking about climate migration in the us Well the other thing too that we've mentioned earlier, we haven't talked so much since then is it's not necessarily a, a climate event or some natural disaster either to, to cause climate migration. It's like farmers, if they can't farm there anymore and their livelihood is gone, they might move.


And across the south and southwest, especially in Texas, the projections for corn and soy are just falling, falling, falling. So you're gonna be able to grow that that easier in other parts of the country. So that's a bit of a silver lining as things, you know, change and shift. But those are gonna eventually be climate migrants, those farmers there. Yeah. And so the, it seems like the projections show that 20 50, 20 70, the current climate that spreads across the United States is going to shift northward by a few states. And those states that are currently hot right now but still, you know, kind of nice like Florida, coastal Georgia, they're going to potentially become uninhabitable just because it's going to be so hot.


So it turns out I was right about the Middle East and North America becoming so hot that it can be uninhabitable. And apparently that's, that's due to what's called the wet bulb temperature, which is a mind-boggling formula that barely anyone on the internet can explain. And I can't throw sling arrows 'cause I can't really explain it either. But essentially it's the temperature where you, your body will no longer be able to cool itself. And so being outside in the sun just standing there is actually life threatening. Yeah. They're saying that it's going to become a, the norm for say like Florida in southern Georgia to hit those temperatures.


And so we're the people are just gonna have to move because you wouldn't be able to leave your house and even go outside. Do you remember when we were tasked with doing a panel at a podcast movement? That's the name of the industry conference I guess. Yeah. Con Yeah. In the parliament. But it's like an industry conference and we were supposed to speak in like 10 minutes on stage and some and a fire alarm or something went out. Oh yeah. And they made us go outside and it was two minutes in the Orlando Summer heat after it had stopped raining. One of those afternoon Florida rains. Right. That everywhere on else on earth that that cools things down.


But it makes things hotter in central Florida. Yeah. And we went outside and had to stand out there for like 20 minutes before they let us back in. And dude, I'm a hot, sweaty person anyway. I have never sweated that much that fast in my life. Yeah. I was dying and they were like, all right, back in everybody and hop on stage. Right. I remember that. I was pretty sweaty too. Oh man. I was in bad shape. It was not good. Just wait till 2070 power. I know. Yeah. You just melt Podcast movement 2070. Right, Right. Here we are. So the US is actually a good example of people not freaking out, some people freaking out.


But it seems mostly like it's the media just kind of poking and goofing everybody that among scholars who study this, they're not particularly freaked out. They're like, yes, some people are gonna have to move. Yes. It's going to really start to pick up eventually. But there will also be mitigation efforts that we can do. Like we're Miami's just too valuable to just let go away. So they're going to figure out how to build sea walls. Yeah. Protect Miami and make sure that it's aquifer doesn't get sated and ruined. Like we're the people will just pump money into Miami. The US government will, Florida will, but If you go like a little north, you know, who's to say that Delray Beach or Vero Beach is going to be around still at that time.


Right. But the cities will be protected. But the smaller towns in between the major cities on the coast, there's not gonna be any money for them. Money. So those people are going to have to move. Yeah. And I mean that kind of puts things squarely in the middle of the policy debates we're hearing more and more, which is how much do we put into places that we think are increasingly unlivable in the future? This is something I did not know and I'm glad Libya dug this up, but fema, the Federal Emergency Management Agency has been buying up properties that are prone to this, that are just flooding time and time again. And they're turning this land into wetland and trying to do something about it.


And you know, there are are various states that are saying like, Hey, you know, it's getting harder and harder to get your house insured against fire. Right. We used to subsidize these insurance companies. Now we're not doing that. I have friends in California, like If you buy a house in certain parts of California, sometimes you cannot even get insurance anymore. Right. The same is true in parts of Florida too. It's really becoming a big problem to get Yeah. Even get insurance rather let alone like being able to afford an insurance policy. And as that happens, as it becomes more and more apparent that If you move to Florida or you move to California, there's this huge additional expense or potentially you might not be able to have home insurance.


Right. Like that's going to affect those markets and that in and of itself is going to keep people from migrating there. And it's going to also, that's what will trigger mass migrations from Florida, from California because people are going to start panicking about their real estate values just plummeting. Yeah. A lot of people will get out. People of means will get out. Yes. And that's a really important point. And it doesn't matter what country you're talking about, whether it's global, north, global south, doesn't matter. The, the i the ability to migrate is typically something reserved for the more well off groups Or to migrate successfully.


Right. Okay, great. Yeah. The, the poorest, the most vulnerable people in no matter whatever country you're you're talking about, those are the ones who are at the greatest risk of just getting left behind. Right. They don't have the money to move. They don't, they're, they can't sell their house now because no one wants to buy it 'cause it's basically valueless and they're stuck in this place that everyone else who could migrate it out of that is gonna be a really big thing to watch for. Those people are going to need help. They're human beings. They didn't ask for this. That's just the how, the, how the dice landed. So they deserve to be helped again, just because they're humans. Just 'cause they're Americans.


Just because they're Zimbabweans, it doesn't matter. That's going to be something to, to really pay attention to down the road. Boy, what kind of world would we be in my friend if the qualification for aid to others was fellow human and not drawn by boundaries and ideologies. I hope that that's, I mean, my hope is that someday, we'll we'll hit that point. I don't know if we'll still be alive or not, but I do hope that, I do think people will get there if we survive as as species. I mean plenty of great organizations are, have been doing that since the jump, but I'm talking about major governments in the world, looking at other humans as, you know, other humans Or even societies too.


You know, I mean Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's just everywhere in the world. There's so many pockets of just conflict and issues and, and hatred of, of people for even ultimately like arbitrary reasons. The idea of, yeah. Getting to that point, Chuck. It's just, it's titillating to me. I'm titillated right now. I think that's it for now. Huh? It's gotta be, Well, we'll we'll revisit this in 2050. Alright. Alright. Well, since Chuck agreed to revisiting this episode in 2050, everybody that means it's time for a listener mail Follow up from a backyard chicken farmer about egg colors.


Hey, I've listened to you goofballs for years. So much love to you and your gang. Yes. Please support your local farmers with their truly humanely raised eggs costing in many cases, lesson store-bought, like Chuck said, you're getting an amazing deal for higher quality eggs. Number two, guys, the waxy coating is called a bloom. It's a naturally produce coating, which is not hard or thick, that is placed as a part of the laying process to protect the egg contents from bacteria. I believe Josh said That comes off easily with just a little bit of dawn. And number three, please do not use dish soap to wash your eggs. Oh yeah. While eggshells are strong, they're not in permeable eggs need to be washed with just water or water and an egg safe cleaner at a temperature about 20 degrees higher.


Right. But no more than that. 'cause you can cook the egg on the inside. Oh, that makes sense. 20 degrees higher than the temperature of the egg interior. Washing an egg at too high will potentially cook it, wash it to temperature lower than the shell contents and the permeable nature of the shell will actually absorb the exterior contents. So you're eating whatever soap that you are using. Well, not dawn, it says on the label egg safe cleaner. This knowledge has gained from keeping my own backyard flock for over a decade, and that is from the wonderful Meg. Thanks a lot, Meg. That was a top-notch email. We appreciate it. And thank you for saving everybody who's about to wash their eggs with dish soap. Under my suggestion, If you wanna be like, Meg, get in touch with us and be like, oh, no, no, no.


Here's what you really should do. We love those kind of emails. You can send it off to stuff podcasts@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If anyone's ever said you snore loudly or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily USA llc.


Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know, so you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime. But when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed profile. No rabbit holes. Required


banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDC.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.