
This is the soundtrack of the Millions undiagnosed with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea, or OSA in adults with obesity. It's a chronic condition where the airway partially or fully collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Without your knowing, don't sleep on the symptoms. Talk to your doctor about OSA and learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C


From


Disney. On March 21st, the musical movie event of the year arrives in theaters. My name is Snow White Flawless. Exquisite. Get tickets now waiting on a wish Snow White will have you on your feet. I think that's a wonderful idea. And cheering for more. I was thinking the same thing. Experience the magical Story Magic Mirror on the wall. Who's the fairest? One of all. Snow White, Disney, snow White. Only in theater's March 21st rated PG rental guidance. Suggested tickets on sale. Now


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's not here, but Chuck is and Chuck's new nickname is Poopy McGee. Actually. Puy McGee? Not both. No. Well, that's, here's the story, everybody. I went to Mexico City again and got sick again, thankfully at the end, and I couldn't record yesterday. But we're, we were in danger of missing a published date for the first time. Yes.


In 17 years. Grave Danger, I would say like, it's Wednesday at three and we need an episode for tomorrow at 5:00 AM Right. And we've never cut it this close. No. So first of all, yeah, my friend, thank you for your flexibility. Thank you for not throwing up long enough to record this episode. I last threw up about an hour ago, man. And the main problem is, it's just I've been in like a fugue state, man. I have nothing in my body for three days now. Yeah. So I'm just like spacey and can I told you on the email, you guys should love this. That like, I'll go 30 minutes where I just like am just so zoned out.


I can't have a, I don't even have a co coherent thought for a half hour. I know Josh said, well, that part sounds kind of nice. It really does. Man. To, to be able to just turn it off. Yeah. But you know, I love that city. I'm gonna keep going back. I, I, I'm gonna maybe next time drink only bottled things and not even cocktails with ice. I, I'm trying to figure out what, what's triggering me. It may just be my biome and some of the food I, I don't know. You need to learn four words in Spanish. I'll have that. Neat. Okay. It's not a bad idea, but I'm still gonna go back. I'm gonna try it again. This may have also triggered my diverticulitis.


Oh. So that may be why it's extending here into day three. I don't know. But I'm here and this gives us dude, a rare opportunity to do anything newsy or like current, If you want to mention anything. Well, That's what we're doing. We're doing an episode on auto mats. There's nothing more newsier current than that. That's right. Auto mats. And we need to give a big shout out to a documentary called The Auto Mat by from director Lisa Hurwitz, because it's great. And I saw it a couple of years ago and that's what inspired this episode. But I wanted to, I didn't want to like write on the heels of this great doc, you know, kind of swoop in and do a podcast episode about it, but Right.


A great documentary. It's, it's streaming on Max. Highly recommend it. She did a great job. I can't wait to see what she does next. And it was a big help. Here We have another other huge shout out to give. This is the first episode we're doing with help from our new writer Laura Clawson. So yeah, welcome aboard Laura. Laura came to us through Olivia, which is all the recommendation we needed. Right, Right. Exactly. And she's been great. I've been thinking Chuck, a lot of our writers have good nicknames. Okay. Laura spells her last name like Claw, CLAW Son. So I think we should call Laura Dr. Claw. Okay. I thought you were gonna say the Closter.


No, Dr. Claw, it's an I Dr. Gadget reference. Dr. Oh, okay. I never watched that, that I Get it now. I actually have seen it. So If you don't have cable, but you have an antenna over the air antenna. Oh yeah. There's a station called me TV and it Okay. They just play all sorts of great reruns and everything. Well, they just launched a whole new channel called me TV Tunes and they show some deep cut tunes. I mean like Beetlejuice the cartoon, there's Scooby-Doo on at 6:00 PM Eastern every day, which makes me very happy. But they show Inspector Gadget too. And I was like, this is actually a, a much better cartoon than I remembered.


Where is this in your off grid panic room? Like where are you watching antenna tv? Oh no, I've got, I've got a really high tech setup. I have hijacked the coaxial cables throughout my house and I connected my outdoor antenna to the indoor cable feed so I can connect TVs throughout my house to get the reception from the outdoor antenna. That is the Josh Clarkies thing I've ever heard. Amazing. It works really Well's Amazing. Yeah. I love it. Yeah. So there you go. You don't need to just stream. You can also get free tv. Heck yeah, man. Had free TV for many, many, many, many years. Yeah. Well you need to be watching me TV tunes, Chuck.


Alright, I'll check it out. Should we talk auto mats or did you have another announcement? No, No, I don't have any announcements, but I do have a question for you. Okay. Chuck, have you ever eaten food, By the way? This is gonna be a tough one for me to get through for obvious reasons. Yeah, Yeah. Because in the first paragraph, I saw the words oyster stew earlier and I almost vomited in my Mouth. Yeah, it same here. And I'm, I don't even have diverticulitis. I have not eaten food in three days, but I used to eat food. Oh, nice. Okay. Well Chuck, then I think you would've enjoyed a trip to the A mat. That's right. And we've been at it for six minutes.


We might as well go ahead and say that the, A mat was a a a grouping of chain restaurants, self-serve restaurants, sort of like a cafeteria. But instead of being served in a line where people would dump food on a tray, they had these walls filled with glass fronted compartments and you would put in some money and a slot and you would open the door and get your piece of pie or your chicken pot pie or your pot roast or whatever have you. Yeah. Your oyster stew. Oh God. Yeah. But you got to, you, you would walk up and you'd just sit there with your finger, like on your lower lip looking from case to case, trying to figure out what, what appealed to you Right.


Then very much like you were looking at the menu, but you were looking at the actual food you were gonna consume instead. So you didn't even need to be able to read to know what you wanted at this, at a auto mat. And then like you said, you put your money in and you'd get your food out and you'd go sit down and to people who first went to the auto mat, Chuck we're talking like, this is the turn of the last century. Yeah. When they started to take off, this was as high tech as Oh yeah. Anything got, because it's really important to point out it, the, in like the first third, at least of the 20th century, a lot of people in the United States didn't have a, a refrigerator. They might've had an icebox, but they certainly didn't have anything pumping free on through it.


No, No cable tv. No, no cable tv. Not even over the air antennas in some cases. Yeah, no. Beetlejuice the cartoon. And they also might not even have electricity in their home. So the idea of this, this futuristic serve yourself out of a glass case that's lit kind of experience was, was a really big deal. And what's even more remarkable is so okay, you're like, yeah, everybody in the 1910s was just a Yoko by definition. Right, right. These things lasted until the 1960s and they were still viewed as these amazing places to go eat. Yeah. I mean, the last one, this is remarkable.


The very last one in New York, close in 91. Yeah. Which is hard to believe. They saw a couple of sad decades, a few sad decades before that. But we'll get to all that. But should be go to the beginning. Yeah, let's start at the beginning. That seems appropriate. And where else are we gonna go? But our old friend Germany, because the first ama popped up in Berlin in 1895 and the word AMA was just more of a general term for a vending machine in, in Germany. But it won a gold medal a couple of years later at the Brussels World Fair. Europe kind of got into 'em a little bit and they spread around Europe over the next five or so years before making the leap to the United States.


Yeah. And it took a little, a little college try, I guess. Yeah. The first few times for it to make that leap across the Atlantic. And it was two guys, Joseph Horn and Frank Harder, whose last names would become synonymous with auto mats. In fact, depending on what city you were in, you would probably refer to the a automat as a horn and hard arc. That's just, they were, it was like, they were like the Kleenex of a automats essentially. Right. Yeah. They were already in business together. They owned a chain of cafeterias in Philadelphia. And they said, what's next? What will the future bring? And they figured out the best way to predict the future was to build it themselves. And I think they actually made a trip to Germany and found out about the auto mats and they decided they wanted to bring it back to the United States.


And like I said, it took a, a few attempts for them to actually get it to work. Right. Yeah. Their first one in Philly, which was the first one overall was 1902. But the equipment, you know, because it started in Europe, was in Europe and they tried to get some of this stuff shipped over there, you know, these big beautiful cases with the right, the coin slots and the little windows and everything. And the ship sunk in the Atlantic. So they lost all that gear. They tried again, and these were victim to a warehouse fire. But salvageable, they repaired that stuff. They, they got 'em up and working and they beat out their closest competitor. There was one called Comb in New York that went outta business, I think it was a little fancier.


Yeah. And h and h definitely leaned toward, as we'll see, serving just sort of solid, affordable comfort food to the masses. Yeah. And so Horn and hard art's auto mats, I think, like you said, started in Philadelphia and then after Har comb went outta business, the horn and hard art kind of muscled in on that market, which is actually pretty brave because somebody had already proven that auto mats may not work in New York. Right. Good point. And but the, I guess they had faith in their food. They were like, have you tried this oyster stew? It's amazing. Gotta stop saying that. And so they hit, they hit New York, I think in 1912, and by 19 32, 20 years later, they had 42 auto mats in New York City, another 20 in Philadelphia.


Amazing. And h and h became the largest restaurant chain in the entire United States. And the United States was big at the time. Yeah. And this is like, that's funny by the way, this is like during the Great Depression, like people were going outta business right and left. And they actually h and h thrived during the depression because again, everything was really cheap. It was comforting stuff. As you'll see, the coffee was great, the food was, was fresh and, well, maybe not more than anything, but additionally it was, it was, it was a great place to go. They were beautiful places, generally they were clean and they were safe.


And, and we'll get to a bunch of other ways that they were inclusive as we go on. They were also known because they were clean and safe and you could get really good coffee for a nickel. They became places where you would just go sit and like rest your dogs or take a load off for a little while, catch your breath, whatever you wanted to do for a little while. And one of the reasons why people did that was because part of the, the allure of the a automat was that there was no front of house staff generally. Yeah. There were no servers. There was no matri d there was no manager. They, if there was a manager, they were in the back. Yeah. So you didn't feel like hustled or rushed or like anybody was judging you for sitting there as long as you want nursing a single cup of 5 cent coffee.


And so, like, auto Automats kind of, kind of got that reputation where you could just go chill out. And as, as big of a deal as they were in New York and Philadelphia, they actually didn't take off everywhere, even though people tried because Horn and Harder was so successful. Yeah. I mean, that's kind of hard to believe in a way. 'cause they were so successful there, you would think. And the other places, like of course the, the obvious ones, they went to Chicago, Boston, DC and Detroit and some other places. But, you know, those were big cities and it's just odd that they didn't take off there. But we do have a quote here from New York history from a guy, or an idea rather from this guy named Nicholas Bramwell, who basically was like, you know what, in New York, it's so dense and they, they really concentrated the restaurants around offices, like in, in the garment district and the financial district in Midtown, where people were either shopping or like going to work far less in like, you know, the the quieter neighborhood streets and stuff like that.


So it was just so densely packed and everyone knows how, how busy New York foot traffic is around those places. Right. And that was at least Nicholas Bramble's take on why they took off in New York and Philly. I have my own take. Let's Hear it At The, at the very least in Detroit, it didn't work because of the name they used for the restaurant. The AMA in Detroit was called Automatic Lunch Room number one. I mean, that's like the, that's like the, that cereal, that's like a plain white box that says Brand flakes and just black font. Yeah. Or beer like that. Beer. Can you got me that time? Oh yeah. I mean I kind of like the Offbrand stuff, but yeah, that's definitely weirdly vague.


That's not off brand. That's off brand. Awful. You wanna take a break? Yeah, let's take a break. We'll be right back. Take a break So you can go throw up


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDC.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra. And experience the uncompromising strength with its available. I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high-tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma, agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL Speaker Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey everybody. So when you get asked what is ooo, what comes to mind? Well, I'll tell you, Ooo is a bit of everything. Ooo is a suite of business management software that some people say is like fertilizer because of the way it promotes growth. But you know, some people also say that Ooo is like a magic beanstalk because it grows with your company and is also magically affordable. Oh. But then again, you could look at Ooo in terms of how its individual software programs are a lot like building blocks. Whatever your business needs, manufacturing, accounting, HR programs, you can build a custom software suite that's perfect for your company. So what is Ooo? Well, ooo is a bit of everything. Ooo is a fertilizer magic beanstalk building blocks for business. Yeah. That's it. Which means that ooo is exactly what every business needs. Learn more. And sign up now@ooo.com. That's od o.com.


This message comes from Greenlight, ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save, spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Okay, we're back. I did not throw up. I think I'm good. It's been subsiding every day in the, in the afternoon and I feel fine. Good. And then in the morning again, I'm nauseous. So that's why I think it's a diverticulitis Man. That is awful. Are you gonna be able to record tomorrow? We'll see. All right. No, I'll be okay. I'll be fine. Good. I'm gonna do a lot of studying after this. Okay, good. Alright. So we were talking about the, the busyness of New York and why it worked out there. And one of the other reasons it was really popular because like I mentioned it was, it was a very clean place. They prided themselves, at least in the, in the heyday decades, they did go downhill and, you know, kind of fall into a little bit of shabbiness.


But in the heyday they were known as being really, really, really clean, safe places. And believe it or not, at the time there were a lot of cafeterias that like If you were an unaccompanied woman, they would not serve you. You had to be in there with your husband or they just served men like businessmen. So a woman could go in by herself, children could go in and it wasn't like a seedy thing. Families could feel safe and, and like they were in a clean place with good food. And also a lot of these were really, really beautiful restaurants on the inside. Yeah. They were like, there's a really low likelihood that one customer was going to expose themself to the other customers. Right. It just wasn't that kind of place.


Right. Yeah. And like you said, they are gorgeous. They were art deco, which was the trend at the time. Mm. Beautiful. And they, they would have, some of them had like two story facades. There was a lot of marble stained glass bronze everywhere. They had big windows that led in tons of light. Some of them, some of them had a mezzanine upstairs dining area. Like they were huge. And then they also paid attention to details too. Like that famous coffee that you were talking about, you would put your nickel in this cool little dispenser and the coffee came out of like a, an Italian it dolphin's mouth. It. The, it's a beautiful, like I would love to find one of those on eBay.


Just the, they're there. Oh, you can buy those. How much are they? I didn't see, but I'll get you one Just, just as a present for, for recording today. How about that? Well I, I think in the, I mean it's been a while since I've seen the doc, but I think there was someone that is getting like the automatic machines too and collecting and restoring them. Oh wow. Nice. Yeah. Pretty cool. Kind of like the Merv Griffin set. He just found him out back of a Burger King. What I never heard that you remember in Seinfeld when Kramer found the old Merv Griffin set and he started hosting the Merv Griffin show in his apartment. That's Right. Burger King will come back again in this episode, believe it or not. Yeah, That's right. So you said they were rigorously clean? Yeah, that was one of the things they were known for.


The other thing they were known for was that their food was like, like really fresh as, I couldn't think of a, a non-offensive way to put it, but it was a really fresh take on food. Yeah. I think it was as fresh as food could be for that format. Exactly. Let's say that the coffee was super fresh. Like after 20 minutes they would throw the coffee out and put new coffee in the food they did not sell the next day. And if you're thinking God, what a lot of food waste, 'cause they're pre making this stuff and you know, we'll get to that in a sec. But a little bit of genius here is they had three different day old shops in lower income neighborhoods in New York.


So the next day they would sell the food there at a discount. So even If you didn't have the nickel for the piece of pie or whatever, you might be able to get it for like two or 3 cents the next day. Yeah. Or two and a half cents. Yeah. If you could find a half cent, I'll eat a pie for a week. So I'm fine with that for Sure. As long as it hasn't fallen on the street in public. Right. For sure. No, no street pie. And they were also known for that really good coffee. Right. That came outta dolphins mouths. So at the time, If you were in America, the coffee you drank and this is the, I don't know, the 1910s, it was boiled. Yeah. And there was no filter, no nothing.


So like grounds would come out. So your coffee was gritty. There was no filter again to take out any of the oils, any of the tastes. It was harsh, harsh coffee. And that's what people drank. And you liked it and you didn't complain. 'cause the, the coffee would punch you in the face If you did it. It was that kind of coffee. Yeah. Well Horn and Hardart had a different take. They had a French drip. Right. Which is still makes pretty good coffee. Yeah. But at the time you had to go to New Orleans to get coffee like that and Horn and Hardart serving the stuff in New York and Philadelphia at all of their 60 plus auto mats for a nickel. And every 20 minutes they throw out the old coffee and bring in fresh stuff.


That's right. They sold so much coffee that they ended up losing money on it because they kept it locked into that nickel price for 38 years. Yeah. And I did the math in 1912, which is when they hit New York and nickel was worth a dollar 60 today by 1950 it was worth 64 cents. So they started definitely losing money over time on the, on that coffee. Yeah, for sure. So they were losing money. They eventually had to raise the price. The only thing they could do was double it to 10 cents because their slots took nickels and their sales dropped a lot from 70 million cups a year to 45 million.


They still came out on top revenue wise If you do the math. But I remember watching the documentary and they were talking about this, I've wondered, and I haven't found my, a way to wrap my head around how to actually do this topic. But something about change like coins and how they established so much commerce, like a coin slide, only taking a nickel. The only thing you can do is double it. So what does that mean to the economy? Like there's something there, but I'm just not quite sure how to frame it. So maybe somebody could help me with that. Maybe we can tie it into to the idea that I had about why everything is so much more expensive now, even relatively speaking than it used to be. Yeah. 'cause I mean the idea of like doubling the cost of something is crazy, even if it's a nickel to a dime at the time.


Like doubling your price is just in insanity for a, a business. But there was nothing else it could do. But even still even doubling the price from a nickel to a dime in 1950s, money that was still 20 or so cents less than what they were getting for it in 1912. Yeah. Adjusting for inflation. So it sounds like to me the bigger problem is that they just doubled it overnight. And again, that's all they could do because their slots only took nickels. Yeah. So that's what they had to deal with. But like you said, even still they came out on top revenue wise. But I get the impression that there were probably a lot of grumbler over that kind of thing who really just took super good cheap coffee for granted and frankly shame on them.


Yeah. They also sold a lot of pie. And I do remember this from the doc pie was a very big deal at h and h in 1964. Here's a a pretty fun stat. They sold an average of 822 pieces of pie in New York City between eight and 11:00 AM And there are some people who said, some historians that have said that, I don't know about this, but maybe that there was a desire for people to do things like eat pie for breakfast. But If you had to order it from a server, you might be like, oh, If you know, I can't order apple pie for breakfast. Right. So I Guess they'll have the pancakes with apples on it. Yeah, exactly. But at the automatic you could just do it on, you know, on the down low and be quiet about it.


I just, I didn't know people would be judgy like that back then, but maybe. Yeah, I think every, yeah. 'cause they were pretty proper back then too, you know, pie for breakfast. Even today though, I went and looked, I was like, okay, surely our attitudes have changed. No, no they haven't. If you look up breakfast pies, it's all like Keisha, you know, breakfast stuff. Yeah. But in like a pie shell or something like that. There's no one out there eating actual pie for breakfast. It's insane. Yeah. 'cause it's a dessert. It's a little weird for sure. But I mean I, I like the idea, but it, it is a dessert. You can make the case that almost all breakfast foods are desserts.


Right. In the United States, man. Have you heard of like ihop? So after your steak dinner you get a bacon egg and cheese biscuit. Exactly. I would, That sounds good. Although I don't like biscuits very much as a sandwich. I like a biscuit by on its own. Like say a cracker Barrel, If you get ba biscuits and honey. Okay. Really good. But If you take that biscuit, cut it in half and put anything like a egg, egg and cheese or something on it. I'm like, this is grody. Oh gimme an english muffin. Make it a mix. Wow. Okay. For sure. That's never knew that. Alright. Still getting to know each other after all these years. Alright, so let's talk a little bit about the nickel throwers, because if you're gonna require a bunch of nickels, you're gonna have to have a bunch of nickels.


And you don't often come in with a bunch of nickels as a consumer. So they had change people. They were women basically. They called them nickel throwers. Yeah. And they just sat there all day long shoving nickels across the counter. Just like when I would go to the 99 cent movie when I was a kid. They had a big stack of tickets and a big stack of pennies and they would just shove it back to you in the window. And it was always a lot of fun. I thought. That's funny. So I guess they, they decided that that 99 cent price really brought people in more than a $1 movie would, huh. Maybe. And I'm curious how much they would lose in a year on those pennies. I don't Know. You know, One of the things though, Chuck did, did you see, I guess in the documentary, the, the nickel throwers and like the the bubble glass.


The glass bubble Yeah. Fronted things that they said and they looked like fortune tellers. Yeah. It Was pretty funny. But it was part of that whole ornate look to everything. Like, just the whole, most of those places were really pretty. Yeah, absolutely. And you know, like you said, it, it conveyed a sense of the future. Like kids loved it for that reason because they were, it was like being in the Jetsons or something. But kids also loved it because they gave 'em a sense of autonomy to, to go in there and get a couple of nickels from their parents and to be able to walk up and pick something out. You gotta read that Neil Simon quote. It's great. Neil Simon, I take issue with this quote or the end of it. Oh, you okay. Neil Simon, the great Neil Simon said this when he was a child about going there or as an adult about going there as a child to have your own stack of nickels placed in your tiny hands to be able to choose your own food richly on display like museum pieces to make quick and final decisions at the age of eight.


That was a lesson in financial dealings that not even two years at the Wharton School could buy today. And it Was a hyperbole there. You think that's hyperbolic? Yeah, probably so. But it is a pretty great quote for sure. It's very sweet. So one of the things though is including people like Neil Simon, other people who are interviewed in the automatic documentary, people tend to remember the food as like good. And it's entirely possible it was for a while, but the older, the the, the longer you go along in the history of the a the, the worse the food probably got for a little while. So it's not entirely clear that, that the food was actually good toward the end.


And we can't really say, because again, the last one closed in 1991 and I'm guessing by the time that one closed, it's Probably wasn't too good. Right. You shouldn't really compare the food in general over the course of the history of the automatic to that last one. But I'm guessing it was probably pretty decent for a while based on some of the stuff I'm, I'm reading. I bet it was pretty good if for no other reason than in the 1920s and thirties and forties and fifties, they used real food. Right. And real ingredients and it wasn't like it is today. So I just think by virtue of that, it was probably not bad, you know? Yeah. I'm with you. So, Chuck, I say we talk about how automated the AMA really was because it turns out not really, it was really a a, a facade, literally it was a facade of food that seemed to be mysteriously conjured out of nowhere Yeah.


Possibly by robots. Yeah. And that was one of the selling points that, you know, another piece of pie on a tiny plate would pop into that window when one went out. It's not like it just stayed empty. I guess if they ran outta pie it would, or they probably put, you know, something else in there. But they had a huge, actually a few different central commissaries in the city where they would make all the stuff, they would ship it over there and they had tons and tons and tons of worker bees behind the scenes doing all that stuff. They had these rotating drums that would do the work of filling the actual slots, but there had to be someone filling those drums.


So it wasn't a bunch of robots back there. It was not George Jetson. It was just a bunch of people plating stuff up and putting it in the drum to put in the window. Yeah. So say that you went up and you're like, I'm gonna have that delicious bowl of bubbling greasy oyster stoop that's just sitting there looking at me in the face. I think one of those oysters might still be alive. That's, that's how good it was. Right. And you put your nickel in and you pulled the lever. Correct. I don't remember if it was a lever, but that sounds about right. Or, or like You pulled the, like you were buying cigarettes as a kid when you were 14 in a coin operated machine. That, that kind of lever is what I'm talking about. Right. Well, I, I didn't like you did, but Sure.


I saw the bad kids doing that. Exactly. So you would do something like that and then either it would open, like it would allow the, the little glass compartment window to open up so you could get your oyster sewer, what have you, from inside. Or it might rotate a drum like you were saying, so that that oyster stew was now available to you and you'd open the window and then the, there would be an open compartment in the back of the drum that somebody who was working the back of the auto mat cases would see was empty and would put a new thing of oyster stew in there and then the whole thing would just continue. I also saw that some of them had a photo of the food. Oh, okay.


And that, yeah, you would like open the case and just pull it out. And then the people in backwood notice that that one was empty. But suffice to say however the food came out, there was a way to see in the rear that that compartment needed refilling. Yeah. And one of the things horn and hard art was known for was employing armies of people who made sure that that food was there, that the compartments were full and that the food was fresh too. That the, the Salisbury steak wasn't getting jiggly. You know what I mean? I'm struggling. I'm sorry. I know you're doing it on purpose. It's all fine. That Last part was on purpose For a while there.


They didn't have hot windows, they just had the cold windows. So the hot food was served from a steam table, but it was not too long until they had the, the hot windows and the cold windows or the hot cases probably. Right. How they treated their workers is a matter of debate. They, they struck a couple of times. 1937 they struck, they had 3000 employees at the time that failed. That organizing effort did not hold. Then again in 1952 they struck again and eventual New York State Supreme Court Justice. Melvin Barash was one of the people trying to organize at the time in 1952.


And in 1991 he said the conditions were straight outta the 19th century. That effort failed other people. If you watch the documentary, the, the son of the president of the company said, no, it was great. We had company picnics and Christmas parties and like every, it was really, really, really great. Daddy loved the wars. Yeah, Exactly. There was also an actor named Apache Ramos who is best known for playing one of the orphans in the Warriors, but also is lesser known as having managed the fat boys in the eighties. Oh, the Warriors. That Warriors, Yeah. Like come out and play Yay Apache Ramos.


Okay. I'll have to check that Guy out. Oh man. He had a magnificent afro in that, in that movie. Oh, yep. I totally know exactly the guy. Yeah. Yeah. What a great afro. So, yeah. But he also managed the fat boys. Like the fat boys are back in the eighties he worked at an auto mat and so did his grandmother, I'm assuming one or the other got the other one the job. But he remembered that the horn and hard art would throw holiday parties for the workers' children around like Christmas time and Oh man, can you imagine how beautiful those places looked? Yeah. When they were decorated for Christmas parties in like the fifties and sixties. Like I, If you know how people are, like, If you could over go back in time, what would you do?


I would go to that Christmas party. Yeah, yeah, for sure. This reminds me of a childhood trauma that I suffered because growing up my sister had a best friend whose father worked for craft foods and they had a big craft. Like they rented Six Flags or something. It was some big thing every year. Wow. My brother's best friend worked for Coca-Cola and every year they had the big Coca-Cola picnic thing. I had nobody and I never got to go and every single year Aw. I had to watch Scott and Michelle go to the craft event in the Koch event. Man, that's terrible. Yeah. It just, it, it still sticks with me after all these years.


Your friend Richie was like, well my dad owns the tire shop so you can come to that. We don't really have a party, but we stand around. Right. Should we take another break? Yeah. Alright, we'll take another break and talk about the inclusivity of the A automat right after this.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength with its available. I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL Speaker Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey everybody. So when you get asked what is ooo, what comes to mind? Well, I'll tell you, Ooo is a bit of everything. Ooo is a suite of business management software that some people say is like fertilizer because of the way it promotes growth. But you know, some people also say that Ooo is like a magic beanstalk 'cause it grows with your company and is also magically affordable. Oh. But then again, you could look at Ooo in terms of how its individual software programs are a lot like building blocks, whatever your business needs, manufacturing, accounting, HR programs, you can build a custom software suite that's perfect for your company. So what does Ooo, well, ooo is a bit of everything. Ooo is a fertilizer magic beanstalk building blocks for business. Yeah. That's it. Which means that ooo is exactly what every business needs. Learn more and sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com.


Hey everybody. Valspar knows that just because that paint color felt right then doesn't mean it's right now. Maybe your daughter was loving the unicorns, you painstakingly painted on her wall, but now she wants a more grownup green. Or maybe you went a little too hard on the millennial pink trend, or maybe you were loving your spotless white walls before you had kids, but now your dining room needs a little color and a washable finish for everyday stains. Yeah. Everybody knows that paint color can enhance the vibe of a space. You can completely alter a room just with a different coat of paint. Yeah. You know, I like it when you just do one wall in a room and I did one wall of my office black and it really added a lot. Ooh. La la. Well, whether you wanna personalize your space or find your next phase, Valspar Ultra has you covered, starting at just 29.98 per gallon Valspar Ultra interior paint plus primer starting at just 29 98 per gallon. Pick up everything you need for your next project at Lowe's. Price varies by sheen.


Okay Chuck, just before we took a break, you nailed it on the head. You said, we were talking about the inclusivity of the automatic and in particular the horn and harder automatic, which again, they were synonymous with auto mats. They were one of the earliest chain restaurants in the United States to integrate, not discriminate against their clientele. Not just, you know, like unescorted women, God forbid, but also racially speaking, economically speaking like, like whoever came to a horn and hard or au automat to to eat was treated equally. And that was huge. I mean, we're talking starting in the 1910s.


Yeah. That was an enormous deal and that's something that, I mean, my hat's off to them for that. Yeah, For sure. They had a motto which was serve everybody and serve everybody in the same way, which is a great quote. And Colin Powell, former Secretary of State is in the documentary and it's a great really sweet interview. And he said, the one we would usually go to is the automatic on 42nd Street, 42nd Street. I never even thought about the fact that I'm a black kid. Should I go into horn and hard art? Is it okay to go to the auto mat? All the auto mats had the beau, that beautiful diversity that didn't exist in most of the rest of the country of economic standing of color, of ethnicity, of language. You never knew what you'd run into in an ama.


Yeah, that's pretty cool. Yeah. There was also a historian named Lisa Keller, I believe in the documentary, pointed out that If you were an immigrant, this was a great place for you to go because you just went and looked at the food and put your nickel in. You didn't really have to be able to read or speak English and you could still get a good meal. Yeah. Of oyster stew. I can't wait to see what Aaron Cooper does with this. Yeah. They were also known for their celebrity fans. They had, there was one very famous Esquire spread and of course this is for Esquire, so it was all set up. But in 1951, Audrey Hepburn was a photograph for Esquire.


So cute. Shopping at an automa. Very cute. But in the documentary, Reiner and Brooks, you know, Carl Reiner and Mel Brooks loved the automa and they, they talk with great adoration about their childhood of going to those restaurants. Yeah. And James Dean, his favorite baked beans in the world were horn and hard art's baked beans. James Bean more like That's right. He really knew what he was talking about too. That's how he died in that car accident. He was eating some baked beans at the time and lost control of the steering wheel. God, that's not true. Everybody, we did a short stuff on it, so Yeah, exactly. Don't at me. So I guess we're at the sad point, like so many of these episodes that we do on a, a cool thing from the past where the decline begins, right.


The 1960s is when that started. Although they were still like a, a huge deal culturally, you know, everyone knew about the Automa and I don't think we mentioned, you know, at a certain point in New York City, they were so famous that it was like when you go to visit New York, you would go to an automa just for that experience. Right. Like how, like when we were kids, you went to that city's like hard rock cafe to get the T-shirt. Exactly. You remember that? Oh man. Totally. Yeah. You wear it with your Panama Jack sunglasses and everybody at at home would be like, you had a great summer, obviously. Oh yeah. My band did a one gig at the Hard Rock Cafe here in Atlanta one time. Wow. We, yeah, it was fun. Funny. Did they put your guitar up under a glass case afterwards? They did. That'd be pretty sweet. They should, But the sixties is where things really started to struggle, even though they were, again, still popular culturally, stockholders were involved by that point, obviously just revenues started dropping.


The, the, the suburbs was a big cause of it. You know, when people started moving out to the suburbs, offices and office complexes started getting built in the suburbs and people started shopping at malls in the suburbs and there were fewer and fewer and people just, you know, walking around New York doing things like shopping and going to their, their office. So it just, it started to sort of slowly drop and slowly drop until they got a little weird with some of their ideas. Right. Yeah. Wild West Room. Yeah. I could not find a picture of that, but apparently one of the auto mats, this one in Times Square, they put a Wild West room in in 1966. I mean, I'm sure people would've gone crazy for that in 1966. Not a wild restroom Because That's, that's every restroom in New York City, There's like a ton of potted plants in a tiger in there.


Right. They also tried a beer garden. They tried the roller skate waiters thing. They tried enter, you know, live bands and dancing and stuff like that. But eventually Horn and Harder looked at each other and they said, well this is clearly seen its best days. The silver lining is as we are sitting on a bunch of really valuable real estate. I know, like 40 buildings in Manhattan. Yeah. And so they're don't feel too bad they were doing okay. No, but instead of selling them, they said, Hey, I've got an idea. Let's remove the auto mat and put Burger Kings in instead. Oh, there have it franchises. So that's where you would've gotten your old auto mat cases in the back of a Burger King.


I was just about to improvise one of those terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible Burger King commercial songs. That's, that's one of the big drawbacks to watching me TV tunes. Oh. Oh, is that on there too? There's This one Burger King ad that keeps playing over and over and over again. I had to hit myself in the knee with a hammer to get it outta my head. And Well, it's this whole new campaign with the guy that's singing Yeah. That can't sing. And It's, and don't please don't do it. No, no, no, I won't. That's like my oysters too. Well I guess I won't do a song right now on a that song Actually. I know exactly why now we're even Exactly. So yeah, I guess you can just, If you can mute the, the, the TV fast enough, then you can keep watching me TV tunes.


Yeah. Yeah. Alright. So Burger Kings went in auto mats were going downhill. Another thing that happened was as they started going downhill, a different kind of shopper started coming in there. People that were itinerant to people that were unhoused, people that were vagrants and just sort of coming through town who knew that they could hang out there for that nickel cup of coffee for hours and hours and hours. And when that starts happening, families stop coming in and it just creates this sort of vicious cycle where your clientele is different and it's not seen as that, that safe middle class space any longer. No. In those same families, they're like, oh, let's go down to the automatic stepping in.


And they're like, oh, it's CD here. So they stopped coming in, which just reinforced the ability of like the homeless population to hang out in horn and hard art horn and hard art's whole thing was serve everybody and serve everybody the same way. So as far as I ever saw, they weren't exactly rousting vagrants who were hanging out drinking like a cup of coffee. And it just, it, it just was basically the same story as the inner city in the United States in the sixties and seventies. Once they, once the suburbs rose and everybody moved outta there and the neighborhoods and the communities that did survive had us interstates built right through their neighborhoods. Things just took a, a, a turn for the worse and the auto mat was not immune to that whole thing.


Yeah. Another big part of that is like these, this huge central commissary kitchens where they were cooking all this stuff is an excellent, excellent, efficient way to do it. When you are booming with business, right. Once business drops and you're not cooking, you're not needing to cook as much, all of a sudden you're, you're, the economy of scale isn't there any longer and you have these huge places with fewer employees and less food being pumped out. Right. And it's just, it was just a downward spiral. It's very sad. Yep. So the other thing too is it's, it's interesting and I think it's kind of appropriate that horn and hard art got into fast food franchises because the automatic kind of helped lay the, the foundation for that.


Yeah. But rather than hundreds of different dishes, which is a, apparently what Horn and Hardart offered at each of their auto mats, you know, fast food has like 10 and like, yes, you can have it your way, but really you can have it your way choosing from these five ingredients or whatever. Right. Yeah. And the, the, there were much like downscale, like surroundings, it was just like the auto Matt's vision with all of the glitz and idealism removed from it. Then you have Fran fast food franchises. Yeah. Basically that last one that closed in 91, it was the last one starting in 1977 at 200 East 42nd Street.


So right there, you know, sort of near Times Square. Sure. And it lasted 14 years on its own as a, as a nostalgia piece basically before becoming a gap. That's right. It's a gap. What Else? So like you said, If you went to New York, like you would go to the Empire State Building, you might go see a Broadway play and you would go eat it an auto mat. That's just how iconic it was. Right. It popped up like anytime you're trying to get across how New York your, your, your movie was like, there would be a scene in an auto mat or something like that. Yeah. Francis Ford Coppola apparently directed a movie in the sixties that featured an auto mat called Automa.


Now that showed up in, I'm kidding. It showed up in like, I get it now. I'm a little slow foggy. Hey, I think you're doing magnificent for considering what you've been through the last couple days, man. I've been through Apocalypse Now. Bugs Bunny went to an automa and the hair grows in Manhattan. That's right. What else? The Flintstones, they even had a, a Flintstone auto mat in a 1962 episode. And there's a book that I, I think I've heard of, but I'd never read from the mixed up files of Mrs. Basil e Frank Weiler. That sounds familiar. Well, the thing that sounds familiar to me is that these kids hide out living in the Met the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.


Oh, that's Royal Tana Bombs. That's Yeah. I I guarantee that must There Was no homage to that then. Yeah, must. Yeah. But anyway, in this children's book, these kids are, are runaways and they live in, in Met that's the Met. Right? The Met isn't the opera house, it's the art museum. The Metropolitan Museum of Art is the Met. Yeah. Okay. Right. Well one of the things that they do is they feed themselves by going to the auto mat. Oh, that's fun. And I did not know he, he totally, yeah, let's call an homage. You're kinder than I am. Oh yeah. Wes Anderson does not rip stuff off. He lovingly pays homage to it. That's right. That's right. Pat Boone tried his version of the auto mat called the Dyno Mat in 1962, which was frozen food that was then microwaved.


That did not work out too well. That's surprising. But there were a few other things over the years that were tried like this that did not take off like the auto mat did. My favorite was the Andy Matt. Yeah. What's up with that? Andy Warhol? This is just what an artist he was. He could just talk about, he just mention something in passing and people are still talking about it 50 years later, but he said that he was gonna come up with the chain of Andy mats, which are like auto mats. But instead of having to go get your food from a case, you would sit down on like a red moha banquette and order through a pneumatic tube and you would order frozen food and champagne.


That's what he was gonna offer at the Andy Mat. Oh, that's funny. But that never happened at all. Right? Just an idea. No, No it didn't. But there's some people who are trying to revive it. Yeah. I mean there are things like this, I mean, Japan has stuff like this, right? They have what's called Kain sushi. Okay. What's that? It's the sushi that comes around in a conveyor belt. No, but they, I've seen little windows as well of things. It may not be hot food, maybe it's other things. Yeah, I'm sure that they do. I remember going to Toledo Hospital to visit my mom when she was at work and they had basically auto mat sandwiches. Like I always just thought it was like a, like a vending machine. Yeah, vending machine. Yeah. But they, no, it was an A mat basically.


Yeah, there's a, a place in Brooklyn called the Brooklyn Dumpling Shop. I think there are like 12 of them in here in Canada. And they, I just looked up a picture of them and they, they had these little automatic kind of like cubbies that you order through an app, like a locker system. And I've also seen, I think it was a Shark Tank product that I ended up seeing in a hotel where it's like a machine that gives you like a cheeseburger or a pizza, like, but made to order. So like you can say what kind of pizza you want and it'll, it's just got this machine inside that'll, you know, load it up with whatever and then bake it and then it spits it out in 15 minutes or whatever. So things kind of like this, but not, not truly auto mat stuff.


One of the things you can choose for that pizza maker is I don't want the cheese to skull the roof of my mouth. Right. And the pizza machine's like, yeah, yeah, sure, sure. Definitely not. Yeah. And then they have a hidden camera on you. Right. And spit out a picture of you going, ah, Yep. Yeah. Damn. It. You got anything else? I have nothing else. I don't think I have to puke. I think this is the best I've felt in a few days, so hopefully that holds. Oh good. That makes me feel good about the effect I have on you. Yeah. Just little Josh, little side cup of oyster stew. I'm back on my feet again. There you Go. Well, since Chuck's back on his feet again, obviously anyone who's ever listened to this show before knows that he just unlocked a listener mail.


That's right. This is short and sweet. This is kind of fun because it's a a, this is coming out tomorrow and it's a correction on an episode that was just out. Awesome. So maybe for a change, we won't get like 400 emails from Crafters. Okay. Oh yeah. Hey guys. Re The High Times episode in Martha Stewart. Hodgepodge is a big jumble of things that don't go together. Mod Podge is the craft supply. Just don't want you to embarrass yourselves at the craft store. That is from Kelly Mod Podge is what you use to glue together a big jumble of things that don't go together. Exactly. That's great, Kelly. Thank you. And to the other thousand of you who wrote in, it's nice to know that there are people out there still using Moj Podge.


It's fun. Yeah. I mean, it's fun to say and it's got a cute label too. Yeah. Modge Podge is really a lot of fun. I enjoy it for Sure. And we heard from Martha Stewart too. Yeah. She said, yes. I have Mod Pods laying around. Thank Jerry. Got in touch with her and asked. That's Right. Well, If you wanna be like who, Kelly, If you wanna be like Kelly and write in to Gently correct us, we love that kind of thing. You can send it via email to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I Force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and Unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or a Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Stop hitting snooze on new tech. Upgrade the whole team@lenovo.com. Unlock AI experiences with the ThinkPad X one carbon, powered by Intel core ultra processors so you can work, create and boost productivity all on one device. Win the tech search for Business pcs@lenovo.com. Lenovo, Lenovo.