
With no fees or minimums. Banking with Capital One is the easiest decision in the history of decisions. Even easier than deciding to listen to another episode of your favorite podcast. And with no overdraft fees, is it even a decision that's banking reimagined? What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


My name is Curly And I'm Maya. And welcome to The Super Secret Besty Club Super Secret podcast. A super secret club where we talk about super secret things. Yeah, like secrets that are super, That's what it is. In each episode, we'll talk about love, friendship, heartbreak men, and of course our favorite secrets. Get in here. Listen to the super secret Bestie Club on iHeartRadio App, app podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, a production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh, and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And this is Stuff You Should Know podcast. How you doing? I'm good. I'm good. You? I'm Schwabe. Oh, are you? Yeah, I'm a little beat myself. Is it just life or did you stay up till 5:00 AM drinking? No, it was just hitting the right, right around the old nap time. So, you know I'm With you. Do you ever dose off all you're studying?


No, but I, you know, I, I still try and catch a short nap every day and on yeah, on recording days that sometimes happens, but today was, I was not able to. Gotcha. Well, we'll retire eventually. Okay. Just hang in there. I'll sleep when I retire. Hey, so what do you want to talk about today? I mean, I prepped for a show on Jane Goodall. So did I. And she's the best. She is. She is. She is widely roundly, basically globally universally, probably seen as essentially a great person.


Yeah. I, I think she's cherished and for good reason after. Did you watch the documentary for this at all, by The way? No, I didn't. The the feature one from 2017, James. Yeah. Yeah. No, I didn't. It's great. It sounds great. I read a lot about it as I do, but I haven't seen it yet. I'll have to watch it still. Yeah, it's really good. Highly recommended if you're listening and if this hearing about her, you know, inspires you to learn more at all, because it's a great documentary of footage, beautiful, beautiful color film stock from back then when she was doing her studies.


And it's not, it's not like a narrate, it's, it's narrated just by her thoughts and this beautiful score. And it just shows it, it's just really, really lovely the way it plays out. That's awesome. Yeah, I heard the car chase in the middle is really great too. Yeah. Didn't expect it, but very good. So drive, drive, drive. Yeah. So we're talking Jane Goodall, for those of you who don't know who Jane Goodall is, she is one of the world's foremost renowned primatologists. and she did it the old fashioned way by going out into the jungle and learning as she did.


It's called the School of Hard Knocks, I think. Yeah, that's the thing about Jane Goodall, she had a high school education when she started. She did not go to college, not for a while. And a guy named Louis Leaky, a famous anthropologist, took a a gamble on her on purpose because he was looking for somebody who could not, who was not trained, purposely not trained, so that they weren't bringing a bunch of preconceptions to them to study chimpanzees and Jane Goodall fit the bill as we'll see, she's loved animals since she was a kid. And after just a few months started excelling at it and eventually changed how the world sees chimpanzees.


We didn't know much about 'em before. We had a lot of assumptions about 'em. And Jane Goodall showed that they were just, just, let's just turn those on on their heads. Yeah. How's that for an intro baby? That's pretty good. Thank. you Do we, I mean, do we get more specific even? Oh, I thought we'd get specific as we went along, but Sure. Go ahead. Yeah, So she was born in 1934 in England to her mother Margaret and her father Mortimer. Go ahead and forget, I even said Father Mortimer. 'cause he was not around much and he does not figure much in her story. He divorced when Jane was, but 16.


But especially after watching this documentary, if we're gonna salute Jane Goodall, we are going to have to salute her mother. 'cause her mom was the one who was like, Hey, you want to figure something out? Then go figure it out and go learn it and go do, instead of talking about something, go out and do it because no one else is gonna do it. Yeah. Unless you do it. And who cares that it's the, the 1940s and fifties, who cares that you're a young girl? Just go out and do it, Jane, by God. and she did. Yeah. She very famously encouraged her to go dance on the rain, feel the rain in her skin because no one else will do it for you.


That's right. And like you said, and this is what maybe set her apart from other scientists at the time, she loved, loved and loves animals like capital LOVE and that sort of flew in the face of the dispassionate history of how you study animals. Yeah. Biologists typically approached animals totally detached. Totally unemotional. They were aware they Supposed to, I, that was how they were trained to, and it makes sense in a way because this is, there was a widespread fear. and there apparently still is among, you know, hardcore biologists and, and other ologists that study animals that we, humans have a, just a great propensity for anthropomorphizing animals and how can you study animals if you're just essentially presuming that they're behaving like humans.


You can't, if they're doing something that's actually not human-like, and you're just misinterpreting it, you're being misled by your anthropomorphism. So there was a real, there's a, the workaround that they figured out was to just look at them dispassionately. They're just animals. I don't care what their names are, I don't care anything about them. I'm just going to study them as dispassionately as possible in the hopes of preventing from anthropomorphizing. That was the predominant view. And again, it's still kind of is, it's complete hogwash, the idea that that there's just no inner lives to animals. And apparently there's still some academics that cling onto that. But it does make a little bit of sense where if you're worried about projecting your own feelings and values and emotions and thoughts onto the animals you're studying, then just don't get attached to the animals.


That's what she entered into. You know what you said, What? That they don't care what their names are. Well, I'm sure they have names like Ragnor, the Conquerors probably a pretty regular name for a cow. I would think so. But you're right. But she flew in the face of that she loved animals as a child. She would just spend hours and hours and hours as a young girl drawing animals, talking about animals, writing about animals and not just, you know, birds are fun because they fly like observing them like a little miniature scientist. So she had recollections about bringing worms to bed when she was a toddler.


A toddler. Like one of her first memories. Another was when she went to watch a hen laying an egg and like document that whole process. Spent five hours in a hen house as a young girl and her parents couldn't find her and her mom, you know, called the cops. They thought she had wandered off. Yeah. And I saw very pivotally when she was younger. I'm not sure what age, but she was a young kid still. She was fascinated with the pigs that she saw in the English countryside and she wanted to hang out with them, but they would always run away. Yeah. So she taught herself to be super patient and to sit and get them to come closer to her and eventually feed them and won their trust that way.


And that would later serve her very well when she started to study chimpanzees. Yeah. And in fact that patients in the documentary, you know, you mentioned Louis Leaky, he was a very famous paleontologist and anthropologist who gave her her break in the 1950s when she met him in Kenya, I guess we should say she got there because she graduated from high school and was like, you know what, I'm not gonna, we can't afford college. I'm gonna go get a couple of jobs, hustle, save money so I can go to Africa and study on my own. But she got there and leaky, she said part of the reason she got the job was because he wanted someone with monumental patience.


Oh, i, IE somebody who would sit there for what ended up being five months before she even saw chimpanzees, basically. Man, that guy would be like a senior VP at ZipRecruiter just based on that one pick he made. Yeah, for sure. If, you were around today. Did you like that? That was a, a little buzz marketing for one of our advertisers That they haven't been around in a while, so Oh, okay. We'll Maybe they'll come back. So yeah, Louis Leaky, apparently she started out as a secretary for him, right? Yeah. And then I guess he found out that she wanted to do animal studies and he said, okay, here's your chance. I'm gonna send you to Tanzania to study chimpanzees.


We don't know much about chimpanzees. We want you to go find out all about them. And so at age 26 in 1960, she arrived in Tanzania with her mom because the Tanzanian government, I believe it was still a colonial government at the time, if not then at least a, a transitional government still they required a chaperone for someone in her position. So she brought her mom along, who'd been a great supporter and booster all her life, like you said. And they also, very importantly had an cook who was a local named Dominic. And within a very short amount of time, both her mom and she came down with malaria. And they were very fortunate to have Dominic from what I saw.


'cause he helped nurse them back to health. Yeah, for sure. He was a, a big, he's kinda like part of the family from what I gathered. That's what I gathered too. This is at the Gambi Stream Game Reserve, which is now the Gambi Stream National Park. Nice. And her mom didn't stay too long. She was there about four months. But while her mom was there, she helped set up a either set up or work with a medical camp there to help provide, you know, medical services to, to locals. So her mom was getting in there, getting her hands dirty. Yeah. Eventually would leave to go back to England. And Jane stayed there, you know, she, she was not with leaky, he, he didn't like stay there with her.


He set her up with his job also, apparently was, you know, making passes at Eric. 'cause Jane, Goodall and this kind of popped up throughout her career, was a, a very pretty young scientist at a time when that was fairly unusual, I think. Especially where she was located. and she was like, no, Thank, you Dr. Leaky, I'm not interested, but I appreciate you, you, you know, give trust, entrusting this position to me at least, but hands off. He said, that's what, that's just what I wanted to hear. Yeah, yeah. I'm sure he wanted to hear just that. So apparently she got set up with six months of funding initially and she started to get really worried because at least three months passed and she was spending all day every day with a couple of locals who were walking her around the jungle looking like, pointing out like, this would probably be a pretty good place for chimps to show up.


This tree has a bunch of fruit on it. They'd sit around, the chimps wouldn't show up. They did show up, they were covered up by leaves. She couldn't see what they were doing. If she got, if she moved to get a little closer so she could get a better view, they would all run away. That was when she saw them. Like she was, her research was in great jeopardy. She was a, you have to have chimps to study to get more funding and continue your research. Yeah. So she was starting to get worried by month three or four. And I guess finally she, she won the, the trust of at least one group enough that they wouldn't run off when she would just kind of show up and hang out and feed or watch them feed And I saw that one of the reasons, or one of the ways that she won the trust of the chimpanzee groups that she was observing was by kind of behaving like them.


Like she ran around barefoot everywhere. She would hang out in the trees for long periods of time and just kind of tried to treat them or behave as if they were her peers rather than study subjects or test subjects. Yeah. I mean she, there was one, at one point in the documentary, she was talking about the dangers of where she was and these poisonous snakes everywhere and you know, all, all men are ways in which you could die out there doing what she was doing. and she was, and it didn't sound naive either. She just said, you know, I felt like I was suppo. And she's got that great British accent too, so it just, everything sounds so great. But she said she felt like she was supposed to be there and that if she just treaded carefully and and respected the land and the creatures around her, then they would like allow her to stay there.


Like these snakes were not gonna come bite her and send her away because she's like, I was, I'm supposed to be here. And it was really kind of a lovely thing. She really seemed like she fit in such that finally five months in with time running out, a chimp named David Graybeard. Obviously she's giving them these names and he had a kinda looked like me a little bit. He had this little gray beard, trusted her. He was the first one in that group, allowed her to get closer and closer and closer. He eventually stole some bananas, came back for more bananas. And he was the one that said to the other chimps, Hey this lady, she's not too bad.


Look, look at her. She's over there in the Tree. Look at all these bananas. She's hanging out and the footage of her, and we'll get to whether or not this was the correct thing or not later, but the footage of her dead still holding bananas out in her hand and seeing these very large chimpanzees coming up and taking them from her hands. And the way she's acting is, is breathtaking because nobody had done that before. Yeah, I was gonna say today you could see somebody doing that. And the reason why you could see someone doing that is 'cause Jane Goodall was the first to do it. Exactly. So she had no idea, she had no frame of reference for whether they were going to be violent toward her or whether whether they were gonna throw their poop at her or whatever.


She had no idea. So that was a real risk that she was taking by interacting with them that directly. And then in addition to it being risky, it was driving any academic who was aware of her work completely batty Bananas. Because That is nice man. That's not at all what you do. Not only do you not like get attached to them, you certainly don't feed them. You don't interact with their infants. You don't, yeah. You don't name them. Give them names. That was another one. David Graybeard. Yes. I'm gonna go with you and assume that that wasn't his actual name, that she gave him that name and that was driving like academics crazy. Like she was doing everything wrong and yet it was starting to really pay off in ACEs.


Yeah. They're like, you're not supposed to name chimps. And she's like, have you ever petted a Chimp Chimp? Right. It's like it's working. Yeah. It really, and it really did work. Like thanks largely thanks to David Graybeard, at least at first who, who like you said, said this lady's all right. And then her patients and then her feeding them a, a endless supply of bananas. All those three combined to win over the trust of large groups and families of of chimpanzees. Should we take a break? I think we should. Alright. We'll be right back with more on, you know who right after this.


With public dot com's high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums, just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank see public.com/disclosures for more.


Hi, this is Hugh here from the Imperfects podcast where we chat to well-known people whose lives seem perfect from the outside, but through our discussions they share the vulnerabilities and imperfections that make them who they are. We chat to people like James Clear and Adam Grant. You could have hidden potential to be a better partner, to be a better friend, improve as a parent. There's so much discussion of how do we build our careers. When are we asking the question of how do we build our character? Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi I. am Katie Lowes And. I'm Guillermo Diaz. And now we're back with another season of our podcast Unpacking The Toolbox where Guillermo And I will be rewatching the show to Officially unpack season three of Scandal. Unpredictable. You don't see it coming. It's a wild, wild ride. The Twits and turns in season three, mesmerizing But. also, we get to hang out with all of our old scandal friends like Bellamy Young, Scott Foley, Tony Goldwyn, Debbie Allen, Kerry Washington, so Many people, Even more shocking assassinations from Papa and Mama Pope And yes Katie and i's famous teeth pulling scene that kicks off a romance And it was peak tv. This is new scandal. Content for your eyes, for your ears, for your hearts. For your minds. Well Suit up gladiators. Grab your big old glass of wine and prepare yourselves for an even more behind the scenes. Listen to Unpacking The Toolbox on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music Festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. Streaming live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Coveo, Doja Cat, Gwen Stefani, cozier Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Buzi, the Black Crows, Thomas Rett, Victoria Monet and more get tickets to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One right now before they sell Out@axs.com.


Okay Chuck, so Jane Goodall is feeding chimp's bananas at this point. She's named them names. All of them. I mean she really kind of had to get very creative with the names because she would identify a family lineage by like a, a letter. So like the F family, all of the members for generations all had first names that began with F like Flo or Flossy or Fabian or Freud. And that's how she kept track of them. But again, other academics would would've just given them numbers. Like maybe they all started with the same number or something like that, but certainly not names.


And from observing them that closely And I guess, I guess interacting with them probably had a lot to do with it. But interacting with them allowed her to get that close. And by interacting that closely, she was able to see things that up to that point, people had no idea chimpanzees were capable of. One of the first things she realized is that they have a huge intricate complex social system with hierarchies, like I said, families, alliances, territories, like all sorts of stuff that people just did not realize chimps were capable of engaging in. Yeah, big time communication wise, she found out there were at least 20 different sounds that they were making to communicate.


And that's in addition to any kind of body language or behaviors they may exhibit toward one another. She was the first person that said, Hey, these, these guys aren't just eating bananas and berries and things. They are omnivores, they're eating birds, they're eating insects, they're eating baby baboons. Sometimes she would figure this out later, much to her dismay they would eat other chimps. But the, the big finding that she came out with that kind of shook signs to its core was that she observed chimpanzees engaging in object modification, which is basically sort of proto tool making when they would take blades of grass and sticks and things and strip them down or bend them or clump blades of grass together and shape them in certain ways to stick into anthill most effectively and efficiently to draw out ants to eat them.


and she was like, Hey, wait a minute. Like the big differentiator up until this point in the history of evolution between us and them is that we use tools. That's all everyone talked about was that we use tools and animals don't and that's what makes us different. And she's like right here in front of my face, they are using object modification, which is basically a tool. Yeah. Like you, you just, you said it, it shook the scientific world to its foundations. Like that was just a such a huge finding that Louis Leaky declared very famously that we must redefine tool red fine man or accept chimpanzees as humans. Yeah.


Like that's how big of a deal. It was a little dramatic 'cause it was, but I mean up to that point, like, like like you said, people just, tools made a human anything that could make a tool technically qualified as human, everything else couldn't make tools. So it was a big deal. And then on top of that, to me, even more groundbreaking is that they realized that different groups of chimps used the same tool in different ways. And that like say one, one group would use the short stick to get termites on it, to eat 'em one by one. Another group would use a longer stick to let a bunch of them walk on and then eat it like a, a corn cob probably.


And that they would pass how to do that down to different generations. And that's culture at its most basic definition that qualifies as culture. And I saw it compared to how Westerners use forks. But people in Asia use chopsticks. They, they're both the same tool. They're used to, they're an implement to get food to your mouth, but they're just different and they're passed down through the culture. They're cultural differences. And that's the same thing with the, the different ways of using a termite stick. Right. And that is culture. So she discovered that chimps have cultures as well And some of them opened their presents on Christmas Eve. Some of them waited till Christmas morning.


There were all kinds of things she observed. Yeah, That was a big surprise too. They're terrible at wrapping presents too. They're so sloppy. Another big surprise. Well they just used the funny papers from Sunday, which can you blame 'em? Another big surprise was in 1962 when National Geographic, the Nat Geo Society that has sent a filmmaker, a Dutch filmmaker named Hugo von Laic there to film her work. She was not thrilled at this idea. She really enjoyed her solitude there. She did not want some dude mucking up the works and kind of quite honestly spoiling her scene that she had going on there.


She really enjoyed climbing trees and being alone and not having to deal with some, some jerk with a camera. But she knew that's where the funding came from. They needed this footage if she was gonna continue to get funding, she put up with this guy chain smoking and throwing his cigarette butts around in the jungle. Oh my. Which upset her very much. But she was like, this guy really loved animals. He was also handsome. and she said it became pretty obvious pretty soon that I was also the subject of his films. Long story short, they fall in love and make a baby. Right. That they nicknamed Grub. Did you see anywhere why they nicknamed their kid Grub?


I could not find it. I would assume 'cause of a grub worm. Right. But what did he do? Like did he, was he famous for writhing around on the, on in the dirt or something like that? Why would you name your kid Grub? Well, I mean, this kid was raised in the jungle. I imagine all he did was ride around in the dirt. Okay. I mean there's footage of him. He's, he was literally raised in a jungle in a cage. Sounds bad, but it was a big pen that they had previously used for animals and she decorated it all up for, for her son just to keep him safe. It was very large. It was like a large, you know, pin, right. Less than a, than a cage, but technically was a cage.


And the other thing she said too was that having a a her own human baby really helped her research it. It made her understand the, how chimpanzee mothers behaved and vice versa. and she said it really just added a lot to her, her understanding of the, the family groups. Neat. That's pretty neat. So around this time, so what, that was the early sixties I think that her husband showed up and her son was born in the late sixties, 1967. Okay. In the, I think in 1963, national Geographic essentially told the world that Jane Goodall existed in what she was doing.


There was a, an article cover article called My Life Among the Wild Chimpanzees. and she was starting to recount this is the thing that she would become most advanced at in addition to chimpanzees studies is telling the rest of the world about chimpanzees in order to get the world to keep from driving chimpanzees and other animals into extinction. That was her kind of second love. Yeah, for sure. And again, they started, you know, her, the fact that she was a, an attractive young woman came up in the press and the articles were framed as, you know, beauty and the Beast and Nat Geo Cover Girl and stuff like that.


Which it bothered her some, but she did realize that that got more attention and that that inspired young women be, you know, to develop interest in science and stuff like that. And so she was like, it's, it's fine. This is what we're dealing with here in the 1960s and it's bringing, you know, attention to my cause. Right. Yeah. She would have a really good kind of a feel for that. And I, I keep speaking of her in the past tense, she's not dead. She just turned 90 in April and she seems to be doing just fine. Her foundation says she still travels about 300 days a year doing speaking appearances on behalf of chimpanzees and nature and earth in general.


And a good ex a good example of her kind of figuring out or knowing a good PR piece when she sees it. Her opportunity when she sees it came in 1987, Gary Larson, who did the far side, one of the great comic strips of all time, you know Oh yeah. There aren. There aren. That's gonna be a subject soon. Okay. So he did a far side one, one comic panel or one panel comic of a, a female chimp grooming a male chimp. And the caption is the female chimp saying, well, well another blonde hair conducting a little more research with that Jane Goodall Tramp.


And the Jane Goodall Institute found out about this and sent Gary Larson a cease and desist letter. And that's where everything ended. No, no, no, of course not. You're just being coy Goodall was out town, apparently. She got back in town, heard about it, thought it was very funny, said Gary, you can tear up that cease and desist letter and book your ticket for Africa. You're going and you're going and you're going. And that's what happened. She reached out to him. He, they, they he, he came out there, he actually gave the institute permission to use the cartoon on t-shirts for fundraising.


She wrote a preface for one of his book collections and it turned into like this school friendship. Yep. So prior to that we kind of jumped ahead a little bit, but prior to that she, in addition to that National Geographic cover story, less than 10 years later, she released her first book in the Shadow Man. And this is around where she really became like a science communicator, which she's been forever. She was one of the early ones. Pre Sagan even. Yeah. I mean she released this book in 1971 and it was telling the world again about all of the stuff she had found about chimpanzees and really just revolutionizing our understanding of chimpanzees and animals in general.


And her work was so significant that remember she only graduated high school, Cambridge University came and knocking and said, Hey, you want a PhD? 'cause we got a seat for you here, come take it. That's right. and she thought about it a while, consulted Gary Larson, he said, Hey, I haven't met you yet, this doesn't make any sense. And finally agreed. Sure. I'll get your, I'll take a PhD course with you guys. Cambridge. That's right. She got a degree in the study of animal behavior. That's ethology in 1966. I know we're all over the place with the timeline. It's fine. I hope everyone gets what is following the story. Sure. For about five years, she worked at Stanford as a visiting professor in psychiatry, also became a visiting professor of Zoology at Tanzania's University of Dara Salam.


While all this is going on though, she's not like, oh by the way, I'm just leaving Gambi for years and years at a time. She was basically there from 1960 to 75. It was her, it was her home, it was her emotional home, her spiritual home. She felt very, very tied to Gambi into that specific area. And you know, that was where she started a family and was raising a son. It was, it was her place. So I didn't see the documentary. Did they cover why she left? Was it because of her son? Because I saw that she was conflicted and realized she had to decide raise a son or study chimps. Yeah. He had to be schooled, formerly schooled in England.


But also there was the issue of her marriage and that's, you know, we might as well talk about it now. She started to travel some with, with her husband to other places for him to film because he didn't get all his work through net Geo. Eventually he, his work with them completely dried up. So he had no reason to be there other than the fact that his wife was there and loved her work. But it was at a time, and he was one of these guys where he was like, Hey, you know, work comes first. And I, hope you can support me. She did that for a little while. And then she said, by that time in a, in a very English way, she said they had, we had begun bickering. And that seemed to be the kindest way to say that.


You know, their marriage was kind of on fragile ground and they would eventually part ways because of that and because of life and work. And it just seemed like it didn't work out. Gotcha. So five years after she started, she established the Gambi Stream Research Center again in the Gambi Wildlife Preserve Game Preserve, which means you can go hunt there. She very fortunately met and married a member of Parliament in Tanzania named Derek Bryson. And he happened to direct the country's national parks and went Presto Chacho and turned the game reserve into a national park protecting Gabi in its inhabitants.


Pretty cool. It Is pretty cool. Unfortunately, he passed away from cancer five years later. And from that point on, Jane Goodall was a swinging solo lady. That's right. And you know, I'm, I'm sure it was a, a tragedy for her life, but she sort of ended up being married to her work and seemed very happy to be right. She spent decades and decades at the Gambi Center publishing hundreds of papers, all kinds of researchers and doctoral students have done field work there, gotten their PhDs through there. She is still very active, like you said, as part of the Jane Goodall Institute, which is basically run by Tanzanians and has just, you know, she's, it's easy to think now, like you said, like you see so many documentaries and so much footage of people doing research and just no one had done this stuff to that degree at the time as far as just living among the animals.


And it, it's just, it can't be overstated how revolutionary this idea was. This 26-year-old, you know, young British woman was just like, yeah, that's what I wanna do. I wanna climb a tree and be with them. Yeah. And Louis Leaky had a knack for picking the right people for this kind of work. He also hired two other young women over the years. Diane Fosse, who studied gorillas in Rwanda, who is very memorably played by Sigourney Weaver and Gorillas in the Mist. Yeah. And another woman named Barte Gal who studied orangutans in Borneo. And when you put Diane Fosse and Barte Gald and Jane Goodall together, you had the group that were known as the tri.


Pretty funny, We just couldn't not mention that. It was just too great. Yeah, I mean we didn't give him that name. No, no. We were just Really, okay, I just wanna make that clear. Yeah. So Chuck, we're starting to have a little too much fun. I say we need to take a break and re compose ourselves. Okay. Come back and just get serious again. Alright.


With public dot com's high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums, or maximums, just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance just five point percent interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank see public.com/disclosures for more.


Hi, my name's Josh. I'm from the podcast, the Imperfects, where we interview our well-known people who look like they have perfect lives, but like most of us, in fact all of us, they're often far from it. We interview people like James Clear and Adam Grant, What do you do with the feeling of being an imposter? It's really tempting to trust your own judgment over other people's. What you're forgetting is that other people see you more objectively. And I. Think what that means is if multiple people believe in you, it's probably time to believe them. Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi I, am Katie Lowes And. I'm Guillermo Diaz. And now we're back with another season of our podcast, Unpacking The Toolbox, where Guillermo And I will be rewatching the show To officially unpack season three of Scandal. Unpredictable. You don't see it coming. It's a wild, wild ride. The Twits and turns in Season three, mesmerizing But. also, we get to hang out with all of our old scandal friends like Bellamy Young, Scott Foley, Tony Goldwyn, Debbie Allen, Kerry Washington, so many people, even more shocking assassinations from Papa and Mama Pope And yes, Katie and i's famous teeth pulling scene that kicks off our romance and It was peak tv. This is new scandal content for your eyes, for your ears, for your hearts. For your minds. Well Suit up gladiators. Grab your big old glass of wine and prepare yourselves for an even more behind the scenes. Listen to Unpacking The Toolbox on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Our iHeartRadio music Festival presented by Capital One. Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. Streaming live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean. Camilla Caveo, Doja Cat, Gwen Stefani Cozier Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows. Thomas Rett Victoria Monet. Add more. Get tickets to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One right now before they sell out@axs.com.


All right, so earlier in the episode you mentioned a family made up of the letter F right? Where she, you know, this is how she named and cataloged these groups and these families and it would help her keep track of things. And we're gonna tell you a little story that Livia dug up about the F family led by Flo, who was the mama to her young children. And Flow was pretty instrumental in, in Goodall's understanding of just how these chimp families worked and then later through the, just beyond the family, the whole group and local culture of the, that family, Right.


And the whole group that they studied that the, the flow and her family were members of was the Casa. and there were other groups that ended up being studied, if not by Goodall, but by other research scientists and doctoral students who showed up over the decades. But Casa was the group that, that she kind of made her name on and did her research on originally. And like you said, from studying these, these families so closely, she watched like how generations interacted sometimes with their own kin group. Like Flo had a son named Fabian who overthrew his younger brother, who's overthrown by his younger brother Figan to become the dominant male.


and she noticed like becoming a dominant male of your family or of your group I should say. There's not one set way to do it. Some do it by some chimpanzees do it by being kind and calm in the face of aggression. Others do it through sheer force and bullying. Figan was known to just basically do it through trickery. Like he would lead others in the group away from food and then run back and get it himself. Yeah. Somehow he became the dominant male. But by studying these, these chimpanzees this closely, she was able to kind of see individual personalities and how those personalities work together to create a society.


Yeah. And it's, you know, it's a game of Thrones up in there basically. Yeah. You had Flo's daughter Fifi, she became the dominant female. She gave birth to nine kids, one of which was a daughter named Flossy. So this is Flo's grand baby. Flossy ended up leaving that group for a neighboring community called the Mat Matumba community. Another one of her children was Freud born in 71. Freud grew up and then along with Fifi and Figan helped him rise within that hierarchy even though he was like not really cut out for the job, became the dominant male in 1993.


So like families are leaving communities, joining up with others who had previously left the community. They're kind of grooming successors and, and like propping up other chimps is like helping them become the leader and the dominant male or female. And it's just, it's just fascinating for her to sit there and like document all this stuff. Yeah. It's very Machiavellian. Totally. Now we have to talk about Frodo who was one of Fifi's sons, one of Flo's grandsons who was born in 1976. And he is one of the more famous chimpanzees of all time because he was bad to the bone. Yeah.


He was If you, If you believe in chimps having an internal life and empathy and awareness of others' experiences, then you would consider Freto a murderer straight up murderer. Yeah, totally. But for real I've seen it argued that, that he should be considered a murderer. He was just that bad. Yeah. I mean he killed people. He did. So he deposed his brother Freud back in 1997 and he was one of, he was the one I was citing when I said you some, some of 'em do it just through sheer force and intimidation. Yeah. That was Frodo. He didn't have a lot of friends, he didn't have many alliances. He was just the biggest chimp and the meanest chimp.


And he, he from a young age, he started bullying Jane Goodall, I think, I don't want to anthropomorphize here, but I'm quite certain a hundred percent certain in fact that he noted Jane Goodall was the person in charge of the humans. And he targeted her specifically, he attacked other humans over the years. But Jane Goodall, they said that he would have a certain look on his face that he reserved just for her. And he came, he, he put her in for some of the worst treatment. He almost broke her neck once. and she said kind of famously that she was alive because he wasn't trying to kill her. That he was just trying to show her who his boss and that if he wanted her dead she would be dead right now.


Which, you know, again, not to use the a word, but it sounds like he had respect for her. Yeah, yeah. In a way, like a kind of a, a a backhanded way. I would say He allowed her to live, Right? I guess so. Or maybe he needed her. He let Gary Larson live in 1988 when Gary Larson got his arm yanked giving him a legit injury. So that happened as well. But very sadly, Frodo was probably most well known for killing a toddler, a 14 month old in 2002. It was the daughter of a, a park attendant who was visiting with his wife and he, he killed this 14 month old and partially ate this 14 month old.


And people spoke up and were like, Hey, you need to kill this chimp and take him out. And Jane Goodall went to bad for him. And it's like, basically it's a chimp being a chimp And. we are the ones that are here and you know, there's cars killing kids all over the place, you know, go out and take all the cars away. That's called a straw man argument. It is There, there's a thing though, one of the, remember I said, I saw it argued that like he was a frodo should be considered a murderer. Certainly could be. Yeah. I think the same person who made that argument was, had been a researcher at Gambi and argued like, yes, we need to kill Frodo. He's a murderer. Like he did the, he knew what he was doing, he's a murderer.


We need to put him down. And she argued that they intervened when the chimps were starving. They intervened when they needed medical attention, but they're not gonna intervene when the a chimp murders a human baby. It just seemed like a, a pretty good argument. I think at the same time though, if you're Jane Goodall and you're like, well chimps are kind of like humans and humans are kind of like chimps. We don't kill Frodo when he eats chimp babies, which they do. So why would you do that for a human baby? It seems a little outta touch to me with, you know, human society in general, but I guess I get both sides in that case. Yeah, I mean that's one of the things we should talk about, I guess is that later in her career she, you know, she basically said, Hey, if I had it to do over again, I would do it differently.


We probably should not have been feeding these things bananas. We probably shouldn't have been, I shouldn't have been holding baby chimps like they were human babies and petting them and stuff. And I should have maybe been a little more dispassionate in my work because If you want, you know, really accurate data and results. Like again, you shouldn't be handing them food and stuff. So, you know, she, she came clean about the things that she felt like she had her missteps over the years as a researcher. So I take my hat off to her for that. And very sadly, it looks like, you know, it's possible at least that their stay there, their interactions, their just merely being there could have been one of the factors in what was known as the gombe chimpanzee war.


Right. When in 1971, that was, that was kind of a, a, a full on war between two groups of chimpanzees that played out right in front of her eyes. Yeah. So the dominant male of the casa group died. And I. Guess he was holding the glue together. This guy was like Tito or something and the group splintered, I think nine adults and their kids said, we're going to form our own group. And they took over the southern half of the range and the original casa, the remaining casa Kayla, they stuck to the northern part of the range. At first, I think over the years the, the males started making aggressive sounds and gestures to one another and it became clear that they were no longer treating them as a a kin group.


You know, these were no longer friends even though they had been super tight friends when they lived together. These were now enemies and trespassers and encroachers. And the whole thing came to a head starting in 1974 when Godi, one of the members of the tribe that had broken away and took up in the south was just sitting there eating fruit and six kesa Kayla males ambushed him and he tried to get away and they got him and they beat him to death over a period of, I think about 10 minutes. And that kicked off the, what are known as, like you said, the Gabi chimpanzee war. Yeah. And then other wars had been documented since then in different areas between different groups.


And like I said, you know, part of the reason was they were being sort of choked out by human development. Part of it was because there was a more stressful atmosphere though, right. With people there watching and observing and doing what she was doing. So I, I don't, I'm not gonna say that really tarnished her work. If anything, it did show that they observed something else that they did know had previously happened, which is they could be very territorial and go to war like this. But since that time she has just been a tireless advocate for animals over the ensuing decades. Like you said, into her early nineties now with the Jane Goodall Institute that is based in Virginia has 20 offices around the world and she continues to write books and speak and do Ted talks and she's just still kicking it.


Yeah. She had a podcast called the Jane Goodall Hope cast that she launched during the pandemic and then as soon as she could stop, she stopped. The last episode came out in 2022. She's very famously your quote was That sucked. Yeah. And by the way, when I said she's still kicking it, I meant kicking butt. Like not just kicking it on the couch. That's what kicking it really Means kicking it old school. Yeah, no, she's just still very active and I just have a lot of respect for the lady. She's awesome. Yeah, she is an awesome person and yeah, she gets criticized by people in academia still, but the, like I said at the outset, she's just, the world loves her.


Like she's done so much good that whatever missteps she has or whatever weird side she takes in in moral quandaries, like the world just forgives her. It's like it's Jane Goodall. She does good for the the planet and has the whole time essentially Agreed If, you wanna know more about Jane Goodall? There's a lot to read about her and by her and you can listen to her hope casts, I presume they didn't erase all of the episodes and in the meantime, while you're looking all that stuff up, let's go ahead and kick it Old school with listener mail. I am gonna call this the Ballad of Grit 'cause that is what Ed calls it.


Okay. In the subject line. Hey guys, I'm a self-described band of grit. I should say I've never considered myself a conscientious person to the full meaning of the word. However, I do consider one of my strengths is being responsible. My opinion is that it's an insult for a gritty person to be confused with. Being con conscientious conscientiousness is a luxury for the already bright minded person. In my opinion. I believe most intelligent people who are successful are equally gifted with conscientiousness. A grit on the other hand, is the ugly twin of conscientiousness. It's the path less travel to success. It's how I got through college to earn an engineering degree.


Even though I graduated with a low GPA barely scraping by in many classes and had to retake some 'cause I didn't pass to begin with, my road was less traveled and it was a tough one. I worked 40 hours a week for five years while I supported myself in college. And I was compared to my peer graduates with whom lived at home with their parents, who had the funds to build proper projects for courses. Grit is invisible guys. It can't be measured comes from within. Grit is what you have when you succeed without conscientiousness. Love the show. That is from Ed. I think Ed is a pseudonym for Angela Duckworth. I think this is Angela Duckworth writing in.


That's good. Good email. Yeah. That is for you. That is a good email Ed. Good for you for persevering hats off to you man. For sure. I admire anybody who worked to put themselves through college. That's really something. Oh, like me. Yes. I admire you for that. The first part was paid for, then I was on my own. Hey man. Even a little bit still counts. Yeah. Like that's, that's hard to do, you know, That was fine. Waited tables, whatever. Appreciate It. All right. Just forget it. I'll direct my comments toward Ed only then. All right. No, I appreciate it. I appreciate It. If, you wanna be like Ed and give us an email to argue over. We love that kind of thing. You can get in touch with us via stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com.


Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


My name is Curly and I'm Maya. And welcome to the Super Secret Besty Club Super Club podcast. A super secret club where we talk about super secret things. Yeah, like secrets that are super. That's what it is. In each episode, we'll talk about love, friendship, heartbreaks, men, and of course our favorite secrets. Get in here. Listen to the super secret Bestie Club on iHeartRadio App, app podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello from Wonder Media Network. I'm Jenny Kaplan, host of Wo Manica, a daily podcast that introduces you to the fascinating lives of women. History has forgotten. Who doesn't love a sports story, the rivalries, the feats of strength and stamina. But these tales go beyond the podium. There's the teen table tennis champ, the ice skater who earned a medal and a medical degree, and the sprinter fighting for aboriginal rights. Listen to Willman on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey fam. I'm Simone Boyce. I'm Danielle Robe, And we're the hosts of the Brightside, the podcast from Hello Sunshine that's guaranteed to light up your day. Check out our recent episode with Bachelorette Hannah Brown, all about growing up and chasing her dreams. It's great to be a healed Hannah. I sometimes miss the chaotic, but it feels better in this body to feel more centered and grounded and, and working on that daily Listen to the Bright Side from Hello Sunshine on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.