
Hey, friends Toyota has been building for generations from pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress with a legendary lineup of in-stock cars, including the high performance 25 Camry and capable, affordable Corolla. You can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Brought to you by the Capital, One Venture X Card Earn unlimited. two x miles on everything you buy. and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus, receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel Unlock. a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X Card. What's in your wallet terms? Apply Lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.


Welcome to Stuff. You Should Know A. production of iHeartRadio Hey. and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck Jerry's here too. Floating around somewhere out there. And that makes this Stuff You Should Know. That's right. You thought of this one. And Dave helped us out with the research on Chemistry Sets. I will go ahead and just say that I never had a chemistry set, but you know darn well that somebody in my family did. Was it Scott? No, of course he did. He was voted most likely to have a chemistry set in preschool.


That's awesome. Did he do anything magical with it? No, I Mean, I, I just remember him having it And it being around the house and you know, he's, he's just always had a more scientifically minded brain than me and has always been smarter than me from the drop. So he, he, he was into Chemistry, Sets. And. I was into, you know, baseball cards. Well I was into baseball cards too. I was gonna say don't feel bad because I didn't have a chemistry set either, but I did have like an electrical set, like the electrical version of a chemistry set. Oh yeah. Like to do all sorts of stuff. Yeah, yeah. And I distinctly remember just hitting it with a hammer. 'cause I had no idea what was going on with that thing. You can't build a circuit.


No. You could put a gun to my head and be like, build a circuit and I'd just start hitting it with a hammer. I think you know Who got good at that is friend of the show and, and pal of bars in real life. David Reese. Oh yeah. He got into circuitry and like building and refurbishing old like musical electronics and pedals and stuff like that. What an interesting dude. If. you don't know who Dave Reese is? Yeah. Go look up. What's the name of his book about artisanal pencil sharpening? I think it's how to, how to sharpen pencils. He also had a great TV show that, I'm not sure If, you can find it, but you can try. Called Going Deep with David Reese Man is so Good. But you know, it's like how to shake someone's hand, stuff like that seems very intuitive, but not through David's odd point of view.


He also was on Dick Town with Hodgman, right? That's Right. And he can build the heck out of a circuit. I bet you had a chemistry set too. Very nice. I know that Dave Roos, who helps us with this, said that he had one of those electronic sets too. Dave's pretty sharp so I'm presuming he didn't hit it with the hammer. But this is a pretty fun one. We're gonna talk about the history of Chemistry Sets, which believe it or not go back to the 18th century when they were called chemical chests. But this was pre, let's make this a toy for kids. It was like, hey, if you're a university student or a professional or amateur young chemist, budding chemist.


Do you like to wear capes? Yeah, exactly. You like a smock, get a chemistry set. Right. So the first one actually, they traced it back to a guy named, you're gonna make me say his name. Huh? Watch this. Yeah, you're good. Johan Friedrich. August Gooding. Hey, not bad. What do you mean not bad? That was dead on the nose. I think it was perfect. I think I can hear our German listeners giving me a standing ovation right now. Ah, wunderbar, He came up with a chemistry chest in I think 1789 if I didn't say that already. And it was called Get Ready for this, A portable chest of chemistry or a complete collection of chemical tests for the use of chemists, physicians, mineralogists, metallurgists, scientific artists, manufacturers, farmers and cultivators of natural philosophy and party boys.


And again, this thing wasn't a toy, a toy, it had 35 chemicals, had a, a very robust like balance, you know, like a, a balance for weighing things. Had a mortar and pestle. Of course it had a book. And this is kind of, as you'll see a key with all Chemistry Sets is they come with a book of experiments, otherwise you're just gonna be dangerous. You might be anyway. But this one had about 150 experiments and interestingly it had this platinum foil included that they would not include now because this stuff was very valuable. I believe in today dollars it'd be worth about a thousand bucks. Wow. If the price is right.


That's right. If the, and the reason they include platinum foil is platinum is a really valuable and useful catalyst in a lot of chemical reactions. It wasn't just to like show off. No, of course not. So there were other early Chemistry Sets too. Like you said, they were for grownups, they were for chemistry professionals and people used to train to be chemistry professionals and go to college for it. Still do. But there was a guy at the University of Pennsylvania's medical school all the way back in 1797 names James Woodhouse. And he was a, a professor of chemistry and he also had a nice little sideline selling chemistry tests to his students and being like, you really won't get an A or even maybe pass this class If.


you don't buy my chemistry set. Yeah. Not bad. It's like when the professor wrote the book that you're exactly know your textbook. One little just sort of fun fact that Dave threw in here was this was a pre-test tube. They didn't have test tubes yet. So in both of these early 18th century CHE chemistry tests, they said to use wine glasses. Very nice. Very swanky. Yeah. So there was also, even back then, well maybe not back in the 17 hundreds, but certainly very quickly after that. No, I'm gonna go ahead and say the 17 hundreds including there, that everybody was like, this is not just like interesting and, and you can do stuff with it.


This can be kind of fun too. Yeah. Like it's fun to take two chemicals and suddenly make this, these two clear things turn blue. Yeah. Who doesn't love that kind of thing. And so there was always like a certain element of magic to chemistry and in particular Chemistry Sets. And, and, and eventually people started like selling them as that, not just as that. But there was a transition from just for chemical professionals, chemists to, for chemists, but also for chemists who like to have a good time. Yeah. I mean there were, and we've talked about this before, like scientific demonstrations in the, you know, 19th century Could be everything from just like straight up science to a little, little magic, a little showmanship involved, A little flare.


People like Faraday were doing stuff like this in public. Yeah. There was a chemist named Frederick Acum, I guess A-C-C-U-M, who would do these big public demonstrations that were, you know, kind of part magic show, part science. And he, you could even buy one of his sets. He had a chemistry set. I don't think they were called chess at this point called acu. It's, it was, oh it was still called The Chest. Oh yeah, there it is in the title. A kin's chest of chemical amusement. Yeah. Again, which you know, lends itself to amusement. I think there was, the booklet was called Chemical Amusement Colon, A series of curious and instructive experiments and chemistry, which are easily performed and unattended by danger.


That's important right there. Yeah. Because one of the things that kind of got all over Chemistry Sets over the years was safety. And this was even like back in the early 19th century that they were like, these can be dangerous. So yeah. That, that was a big, a big thing that he included that in the title of the booklet that came with it. Yeah, for sure. And all of this, you know, talk of sort of magic and fun is a, is a long way to get to the fact that by the sort of early-ish, 18 hundreds and like 1835, they started saying, Hey, these like we should sell these to kids. These are fun. You know, Who's trustworthy Kids?


Exactly. There's one called the Ed's Youth Laboratory from 1835, a few years later was Ham's Students Chemical Laboratory. And then by 1856 they had one called Pikes Youth Chemical Cabinet. Wow. Chemical Cabinet sounds amazing. It does. And then by the time the 20th century rolled around, so they were making these things here, there for centuries by now. Finally they were like, okay, our market is young people who are enthusiastic about chemistry, but also again, wear capes because they like magic. And one of the, the good examples that Dave turned up about this was, came out in 1900.


It was Kingsley's, Primus Chemical Magic and Practical Chemistry cabinet And. it had everything you needed to carry out like these serious chemistry experiments. And. it came with a booklet too that had plenty of instructions, but it also had a lot of stuff to set things on fire and instructions on how to essentially make fireworks and things like that. Yeah. I would love to see a Venn diagram of Gen X kids who had Chemistry Sets. Yeah. Who, who could pull a rabbit out of a hat or a card out of somebody's ear. Yeah. And like knew how to do the Rubik's cube and draw a flip book.


That's the trifecta. Yeah. That was my brother in a nutshell. Sure. He's like, oh, Rubik's Cube. Sure you wanna see how to solve it. But he wouldn't even say watch this. He'd be like, here, let me help you. Right. Yeah, exactly. I also, just as a little side note, I'm like, why did they call that a Primus chemistry cabinet? So it turns out Primus, one of the definitions of it is a small stove that burns paraffin. So presumably that was included in the kit as like a bunsen burner And. it went a little deeper. I was like, okay, why is the band Primus called Primus And? it turns out they were originally called the Primates. There was another band called The Primates that said, we will sue the pants off of you If.


you call yourself the primates. So Les Claypool and friends looked up primate definitions and words and found out that Primus is the root word for primates. So they went with Primus instead. Look at that one of one of my most hated bands of all time. Really? Yeah. I hate Primus. And you know what I'm gonna hear from Primus fans? Oh yeah. You are Not Yuck and your yum. I I I love for you to love what you love, but I've gotta be able to hate Primus as well. Sure. They can't yum. Your yuck. Yeah. Like everybody, it's not like you're telling them not to listen or that they suck for listening. No, I'm sure they're great for certain ears. It's just not pri not mine.


They Have some good songs though. Chuck. Jerry was a race car driver. You honestly don't like that song. No. Okay. All right. I'm leading this. They all sound the same to me. They all sound like his bass Just all sounds like that Was a really good impression actually. And all the singing and just channel. Right? Yeah, that's definitely true too. Yeah. You don't like Primus. I don't like it checks out. One of my very best friends loves Primus and so you know, we can all, we can all coexist. You're like so I can say that. Yeah, exactly. A lot of my friends are Primus fans. Alright, let's take a break and we'll enter the 20 th twenties, 20th century right after this.


Sure. We learn so Much stuff from Josh and You


When you're hiring for your small business, you wanna find quality professionals that are right for the role. That's why you have to check out LinkedIn Jobs. LinkedIn Jobs has the tools to help find the right professionals for your team faster and free. That's right. On LinkedIn, 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. Hire professionals like professionals on LinkedIn. Yeah. And LinkedIn knows that small businesses are wearing so many hats that they don't have the time or resources to hire. So LinkedIn is constantly finding ways to make the process easier. They even just launched a feature that helps you write job descriptions, making the process even easier and quicker. LinkedIn does all that while making the process easy and intuitive. No wonder two and a half million small businesses use LinkedIn for hiring. So post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash sy SK 23. That's LinkedIn dot com slash sy SK 23 to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


Hey everyone. We're brought to you today by the Capital One Quicksilver card Earn unlimited 1.5% cash back on every purchase everywhere. Plus there's no limit to the amount of cash back you can earn and rewards don't expire for the life of the account. It's that simple. The Capital One quick silver card, what's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com for details.


Hey everybody, we wanna talk to you about our old friends at Squarespace, which is probably the best way you can make your own website, especially If. You're running a business because Squarespace payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Yeah. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus your customers are gonna have more ways to pay with all sorts of different payment methods from Klarna to a CH direct deposit, apple Pay, clear pay in the uk the list just goes on. That's Right. Squarespace also makes it really easy to sell access to content on the website that you build. Like online courses, blogs, videos and memberships. Yeah. You can earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. You just simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access and you walk away whistling and happiness. That's Right. So just go to squarespace.com/stuff and when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain. Squarespace.


Okay. So I think, like I said, in the early 20th century, they were like, yep, young boys who are interested in chemistry and let's go back and emphasize this boys. That's who we're going to to market these things to. Yeah. This is who Chemistry Sets belong to. Like little boy scientists who have an interest in chemistry. And the, the thing that went basically throughout the 20th century, at least up until like the sixties, If, you bought a chemistry set for your kid. Like that was their first step toward being a professional chemist as they grew up. Yeah. And and you were guaranteed to have a little boy on the front box. A hundred percent.


That's just the way it was back then. And we'll, we'll get to more of that sort of weird sexism in science that still continues today in a little bit. Sure. But one of the big players, there were a couple of big ones. The first one was the chem craft company. Chem craft chemistry set in 1916 was the first really sort of popular toy chemistry set produced by the Porter Chemical Company out of Mary Land And. it was about a buck 50 to maybe 10 bucks. If. you were pretty well healed. 'cause that's, that's about 40, 40 to 300 bucks today. So some, some pretty decent money you'd have to throw down on a, on the high end chemistry set back then. Yeah. These had test tubes by this point you had an alcohol lamp, you of course you had your weights and balances and you had lots of chemicals.


Yeah. This is like a serious chemistry set. It had like all this stuff you needed And. it was substantial in form. Right. The manual also was like, we're gonna do some serious stuff. One of the first experiments from this manual came from 1919, that edition. It's called combination of Elements. And basically you put powdered zinc and sulfur on a metal spoon and start heating it. Be sure to quote, keep your face at a little distance. And then as the mass becomes hot, the sulfur takes fire and burns and then the mixture starts to swell to a bulky porous mass while on fire.


And then suddenly there's a flash and sulfur and zinc unite chemically forming zinc sulfide. And hopefully you have your eyebrows left afterward. Yeah. It's funny, like the literal quote was keeping your face at a little distance. Right. And the first three times I read that, I read it as keeping your little face at a distance. Aw, I wish they'd said that. That's adorable. It was. It should have been. Keep your little face at a great distance. 'cause that was dangerous there. There was also something called fire ink, which is exactly what you think. It's, you would combine. Well you may not know what you combined, but you know what the result probably is. You combine potassium nitrate and water in a test tube and then write on a piece of paper and light that on fire.


And it, you know what you have spelled out is now on fire. Yeah. So the potassium nitrate and water is the ink, the fire ink as it were. Which sounds pretty cool man. Imagine being like, hello, how are you suddenly on fire on a piece of paper. Your friend's going to think you're pretty cool. I literally wrote neat with an exclamation point after that one. Yeah. But you would also probably be more likely to write butthole or something like that than, hey how are you? That's True. You know, that's totally true. Also, I want to take back the word literally. I, I'm really trying hard to, to abandon that. Even when it's properly used. It's just so, so wrong these days. Well Good for you.


Thank you. Literally, good for you. So what else? Well that was another experiment called, this is so fun. It's called Making a Fuse And that basically all you need to know, just like you know, you can, you can probably make things that'll blow up so you're gonna need a fuse. Yeah. And that went really well with the manufacturer of colored fire, which was homemade fireworks. It was genuinely and sincerely a flash in a pan because you would put these different metals in and make for, you make gunpowder. The little kid would make gunpowder and then depending on the chemical or metal that they added, it would burn a different color in a pan as a flash.


Genuinely. Yeah. You, you found another, some cool research on like just how dangerous some of these chemicals were. Right? Oh yeah. Let's talk about those. Yeah. What el what else was in there? In some of these sets that came out in the 20th century, there was iodine solution, which sounds kind of innocuous, but they figured out over time that you could use that to make meth with. Okay. And you could also If, you ate two grams of it or more, you would probably die. I think ammonium nitrate was in that which is frequently used to make bombs. Yeah. What Else? Well one thing you could do that was fun is you could make smoke bombs. Right. With that potassium nitrate, which is, I don't know, If you mentioned it's also in gunpowder.


True. So a lot of these experiments were like, watch it flame spark or boom in a, in a small way. Another one used to show up with sodium cyanide, which is more commonly referred to as cyanide. And you would bind to metals like, like make essentially dissolve gold into water, metals into water. It's pretty neat. That's what it's used for. But it's also a rapidly acting toxin that can kill you dead pretty easily. And this was one of those chemicals in the glass vials that arrived in the Chemistry Sets for kids back then. Yeah. And speaking of glass, there are even some Chemistry Sets that had the material and instruction for blowing glass, which is no doubt a super cool, awesome thing to learn.


But it's, you know, it's not something a kid should be trying in their bedroom. No. I mean it has to get really hot to melt glass enough to blow it. One of my favorites is calcium hypochlorite, which is one of the main ingredients for chlorine gas, which was I think the first chemical weapon to ever be banned by the world. So you could make a chemical weapon in your bedroom If, you knew what you were doing. And as we're saying all this, we should point out that these early kits and sets did not offer things like eye protection. Like not even a little pair of like fun goggles. You know, like, Hey kid, these are cute and fun.


You'll look like a real scientist. If, you wear these like just didn't come with them. No. And the whole thing with, you know that we tied it into earlier with magic, a lot of them have like here's, or like, you know, your science experiments you can do. But also here's some just really fun like sort of literal magic tricks you can do. Right? There is one that's called the magic handkerchief. And you take a handkerchief and you put I think blue cobalt on it and as you dry it out, I think it turns white or no blue. And you can change it to white magically by instructs you to ball it up and rub it in your hands for a few minutes. Yeah. Any magic trick that takes a few minutes of repetitive motion is not a magic trick worth doing.


But what it's, what was great is it said, now here's where you have some fun. And then it went on to the next instruction. So these, these were yeah, really mid-century written instruction booklets that really captured the time If. you think about it. Shall we take a break? Oh my. You bet. Alright. That was very insured, but we're doing it anyway. We'll be right back.


We learn So much from Josh and Chuck Stuff. You Should Know Brought to you by the Capital One Venture X Card Earn unlimited two x miles on everything you buy and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel Unlock, a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X Card. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. Lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.


You know friends, we know you like to support companies with a strong sense of purpose. So we're gonna talk to you about at and t, which really makes customers feel good about their choices. We're talking specifically about their back to school initiative because at t provided 20,000 backpacks filled with laptops, school supplies and personalized notes to students all across America. Yeah. A lot of us don't really think twice about having our tech, our phones or laptops or wifi, but not everyone has access to those things, which is why what at and t is doing is just amazing. Yeah. And let's talk about Seattle. We love Seattle at t and Comp dot delivered 250 refurbished laptops and fully stocked backpacks to students all over Seattle ensuring that they're gonna have those tools that they need to succeed. And everybody loves stories like this where you can see real change happening for real people. And it's not just happening in Seattle. At and t is doing this all across the country. In places like Indiana, Philadelphia, they're helping connect the next generation to brighter futures. Yeah. And you know what buddy? That's pretty exciting. Connecting Changes everything at and t


Hey everybody, the holidays have always been a time of joy coming together. But let's face it, shipping out all those gifts can be a bit of a hassle, right? Yeah. And to help ease the load, turn to the United States Postal Service for all your holiday shipping needs, with over 600,000 employees working in sync all over the country, USPS serves over 167 million addresses, six and seven days a week. Yeah. And the best part, their enhanced network is built to deliver your packages reliably and on time. And if you're looking for an affordable shipping option, USPS ground advantage has you covered. It's a complete ground shipping solution for all your holiday needs. Yeah. It's reliable with upfront pricing, no hidden costs. And it's fast helping you stay on top of your holiday plans. So why not take your packages on a true holiday ride this season? Visit usps.com/holiday ride to get started. United States Postal Service.


All right. So you're getting these Chemistry Sets another big part of the whole sort of branding thing for these companies making these, and this was just sort of big back in those days in the, like the 1950s was like clubs, like kids clubs. So If, you got a chemistry set, it was pretty good chance it would come with like a membership in like a science club. and there Could be local chapters that you get together with your friends and things you could mail in for. Probably a magazine is involved like a quarterly magazine. Certainly in the case of Kim Craft, they had the science club and the Che Craft chemist was, there was their rag that they sent out, which was usually just ads for more stuff to buy. But there are, they were like kind of fun little stories like where a a a kid would like save the day through some cool chemistry experiment.


Yeah. They seem very Mark Trail esque. Yeah, for sure. So in addition to Chem Craft, Gilbert was essentially chem craft's rival and Gilbert was the company of Alfred Carlton Gilbert who had invented the original erector set. Amazing. In 1913 that originally was debuted as like an an engineer's chemistry set. Yeah. That's what erectors were sold as is. But so Gilbert was like, well let's get into chemistry too. So they came up with the Gilbert chemistry outfit for boys. So the name of the product literally specifies that it's just for boys. Yeah. And. it had a little asterisk and at the very bottom it said must have penis The the on the label too, like on the picture on the box.


Had a little boy with his shirt sleeves rolled up wearing a tie doing his chemistry stuff like a 8-year-old wearing a tie. Yeah. This Is 1920. Yeah. Yeah. So the, they found the An instruction man manual not from the 1920 edition but from 1936. And this one finally did have a, a warning here and we, we should read this 'cause this is pretty fun. Gilbert Chemistry Sets are not intended for children who cannot read and understand the accompanying instruction books. The sets do not contain dangerous poisons and the chemicals mentioned in this manual are not un embraced under the term poisons. They're perfectly safe to use if handled carefully and intelligently.


Right. They're not intended to be taken by mouth or swallowed and no intelligent person would be expected to use them for such purposes. So they're shaming at the same time And it. It is necessary however, to emphasize the fact that carelessness on the part of the experimenter can always lead to trouble. Yes. And If, you ever signed up for Disney plus you can't sue us If you blow up and burn your house down. Exactly. And then they have a few tips at the end. Like, you know, never point the open end of a test tube that you're heating at anybody. Never just put your nose at the end of one while heating to smell it or put your face, your little face near it. Yep. Exactly. So at least Gilbert's, this is the thirties, mid thirties where Gilbert's like, okay, we need to let kids know like you need to be responsible with this.


Yeah. And that was actually, I read one of the expectations of Chemistry Sets in the middle of the 20th century. That it went to a home populated by a boy who had parents that taught that kid responsible stuff, how to be responsible, how to handle chemicals correctly, how to be safe, how to be smart, that that was kind of part and parcel with buying a chemistry set. You as a parent didn't just hand it to your kid and say like, Le leave me alone for a while. Like you were supposed to be involved at least initially. Yeah. At least looking over a shoulder With Your, your pipe in your mouth. Yeah. Knocking on the door and being like still alive in there. Right. Mom, don't you to always knock.


So we talked a little bit about the, the sort of sexism involved with all this stuff is only marketed to boys, pictures of boys literally on the package for boys. In some cases that was just the deal. It was like boys were scientists, girls were not considered for science. That is still a problem. There are so many initiatives these days to get young girls into science at a young age very successfully, you know, in a lot of cases. But it's still a challenge to be a woman in the world of science. I think we've heard from plenty of listeners who have verified that. Yeah. But in the 1920s they did, the Porter Chemical Chemical company did say, Hey we're selling these things to boys, what about the girls?


And they were like, oh, how about sachet Craft the girls sachet outfit? Which was chemistry in that it was a way to mix perfumes. Yeah. Making flowery smells from aromatic power powders. Yeah. It was basically a perfume set. Right. Exactly. And they're still in use today in who do love potions. And I was looking at some of these and the names of the ones that I could find were confusion Destroy Everything is one of the the potions, oh, follow me gal was another one. No, I'll have That. So you wanna steer clear of people using who do love potions on you because there's no telling.


What they'll make you do is essentially the thinking behind it. That's right. But they're, they're made from sachet powders as well. That's why I say that. I don't know if that was clear. Eventually in the 1960s, Gilbert finally was like, all right, let's make a a four girls chemistry set. But even then in the books and stuff it was like, so you too can become a lab technician. A Lab technician. Yeah. Like not, you know, they, they weren't encouraging you to like reach for the stars and become a scientist. No. It was like so you could learn what you're doing and go assist boy chemists the real kind. Right. Exactly. It's so nuts. Boo. So this was in the sixties you said that at least the Chemistry Sets for girls came out even if they were still derogatory.


That was the golden era of Chemistry Sets the fifties to the sixties. Usually about the early to mid sixties they say We love a golden age. Yeah. And this was definitely it. And I've seen in multiple places that the reason why this was the golden age of Chemistry Sets was because this was a time when America in particular was feeling pretty good about science. Not only had America been the first to come up with the bomb, we were also making things like nylon. We were making more durable goods outta plastics. Like science was improving people's lives and at the heart of this was chemistry.


So there was a real desire to keep the party going by creating the next generation of chemists by really going all in onto Chemistry Sets. And so they started selling even better than they ever had before. Yeah. The two slogans changed in the fifties and sixties for Chem Craft. They changed it to Porter Science prepares Young America for world leadership. And Gilbert responded in kind with today's adventures and science we'll create Tomorrow's America And. it was this idea like I think even AC Gilbert, the founder, like included a note that said hello boys that said hello boys. The need for chemist is greater now than any point in our country's history.


This Gilbert chemistry set may well be the means of launching you on a useful and well paying career. So it was like, hey, this is a toy, but if you're interested in science, just wait. 'cause there's a career out there waiting for you. Yeah. If you like making things catch on fire. Wait until they pay you money to make things catch on fire. You're gonna really like it. And so things just kinda started to get like anything they could throw at the wall because they were selling so many of these, they were willing to try a lot more than just the standard chemistry set. And one of the ones that came out, Chuck, in I think 1950 is widely considered at least by some the world's most dangerous toy.


Was it bag of glass? It was even worse than that. Although, I don't know, at the end of the day, I think bag of glass might be worse. That of of course was from the great Saturday Night Live from the seventies I think Dan Aykroyd. But we did, or maybe you did back in the day when we were tasked with doing what, what do they called, what do we call 'em? Image galleries. And you did something on dangerous toys. And I. Think I rem like this was in there. 'cause I remember we to be, we talked about it either there or in a, maybe a podcast or one of the videos we used to do about the Atomic energy lab. Yeah, it did. It Had real uranium in it. It did. And not only did it have four vials of actual uranium ore, super radioactive uranium ore.


Yeah, well I should say actual radioactive uranium ore. There were also three different sources of alpha, beta and gamma particle radiation too. So this box was like quite radioactive. Yeah, it, it was a legit real deal science box. It had a geiger counter in it. Thank God it had something called a spin theo scope, which you could look through. It's almost like a a a seeing eyeglass. Now what are they called? Like that? Like a, like a loop. A captain would like pull out the, not a telescope Like a sextant? No, it's like that telescope that's small and pocket size that telescopes into a smaller version of itself.


I mean I think it's called telescope, isn't it all? Whatever. So it's like that. But you can actually watch radioactive isotopes decaying under this thing. Yeah. There was also a cloud chamber in there, which is really impressive that they had cloud chambers. Yeah. Is this the thing you sent? Yes. I did not get a chance to look over this, so feel Free. Okay. So a cloud chamber is a specific kind of like flask or vial that's set up to hold alcohol vapor that in some way shape or form I guess through magic you can see the trails of radioactive particles moving through the alcohol vapor.


Very similar to like a, a conrail from an airplane If. you believe that those are actually contras. Yeah. And the particles, the lower, lesser active radioactive particles would kind of zigzag and make little cute lines. But that's because they were actually being slowed down by the alcohol vapor. The really strong ones would make a nice bold straight line through there and you could just see all these little trails of radioactive particles show up in your own personal cloud chamber that came in this play set. Wow. I know. It was really impressive. Well the ones that came with uranium, they had, you know, booklets, one was called prospecting for uranium that that taught you how to mine a radioactive ore.


So you're thinking like, all right, like how literally how dangerous was this? There have been modern calculations about, you know, what was contained in these boxes. And supposedly the amount of radiation from the uranium in one of these sets equaled about a day of UV exposure from the sun. So it's not the most dangerous thing in the world, but it is pretty funny that it came with like actual uranium. Right. I couldn't find an answer though. Like over what period of time was it? Right. A day's worth of UV exposure, like an hour If you spent the day with this thing. Like I, I couldn't quite nail it down, but I'm from the context that everybody describes it, And, it sounds fairly harmless. Yeah.


And its exposure. But like what if it's on your skin or gets in your body somehow Near your teeth, It can't Be good. So I saw that they only sold about 5,000 of them And that it wasn't, there's a great atlas obscure video on this where they talked to a curator at a science museum who to opens one of these and just talks about it. And she said that they were, they were discontinued after two years. Not because of safety concerns but because they didn't sell very many because it was about 500 or something dollars in today's money for these things. So most parents weren't like, sure I'll buy you this, you know, atomic lab for 500 bucks. Yeah. And here's the thing, it was just kind of fun, we won't read through all these quotes, but a lot of, you know, legit Nobel winning chemistry chemists over the years got their start in Chemistry Sets.


I imagine a lot of real deal scientists and chemists had these things when they were kids. And we'll read one from Oliver Sacks, the neurologist and author said, I do not think there can be any adequate substitute for having a chemistry set or a little chemistry lab and doing experiments oneself, thinking them out, taking responsibility for them and occasionally facing risks too. So Oliver Sacks talking about risk was one of the big sort of cells of Chemistry Sets for kids. Like a little bit of danger involved. You know, they were fun and all, but I think it was that little bit of like, you know, you are making fire, you are making things go boom or smoke.


That was one of the things that appealed to kids and probably still does. Yeah, for sure. And the problem is, is that over time, so like kids who were like, I'm really into this And I, I need to learn to be a responsible chemist 'cause I want to grow up to be a chemist over, like there were also kids that got these that were not that interested in being a chemist. They just wanted to blow things up. And then I think also there were kids who were responsible but just had accidents. And so the, there were reports of people burning down their, their family house with these Chemistry Sets or injuring themselves. And. that kind of coincided with a couple of things. One, this increasing interest in protecting kids from toys and then two, also a greater emphasis on things like environmental pollutants and toxins, And, that whole like love of chemistry that really carried everybody in the fifties and early sixties was starting to be questioned and like exactly what are these chemicals doing to us?


So you put those two things combined and Chemistry Sets started to take a hit. Yeah, for sure. In 66, Congress passed the Child Protection Act, which, you know, all of a sudden you could ban a toy that had something dangerous or hazardous in there. A couple years later, the US Department of Health Education and Welfare, they estimated that toys just all toys caused about 700,000 injuries a year. So more regulations were passed in the late sixties and early seventies. Seventies for like you said, just cons protecting kids from dangers in toys and what these toys were made of in the case of Chemistry Sets like the chemicals that were in there.


Yeah. So like this increasing concern among parents and what are in these Chemistry Sets led to a decline in sales. And in fact Porter Chemical and Gilbert, the two rivals who made chem craft and Gilbert Chemistry Sets were bought by a toy maker named Gabriel Toys, who you might recognize that name from. Othello trouble. Mm. The pottery craft activity little set where you could make your own pottery. You remember that? It was just a little pottery wheel. And I. Probably remember the box. You can you, you definitely would. But you could recreate that scene from Ghost but for cheap. Yeah, yeah. As a teenager too. Anyway, Gabriel, they bought those two in 1967 and by the eighties they were like, no Chemistry Sets.


You just couldn't sell 'em. Some companies went on like, no, we're going to keep the flame going. But they really, really watered them down starting in the eighties and nineties. Yeah, for sure. And that, I mean I guess my brother would've had one probably from the seventies. So it may have still been a a little bit legit. But yeah, in the eighties they started literally watering them down, watering down the chemicals, things you know, became plastic like you didn't get glass test tubes and metal scales and stuff like that anymore. Like you know, the old kits were just sort of smaller condensed versions of like the real deal And that all changed. They just became cheaper.


Kinda like everything else. I think in 2001 there was a recall of a set called professor, professor wacko's exothermic exuberance that had glycerin and potassium, what is that word? Herman in it? Yeah. Okay, great. And that could cause things to catch on fire and spontaneously combust. These these, this particular kit had containers with removable lids but they weren't labeled So kids were mislabeling things or, or just getting them confused basically. 'cause there were no labels and there were two separate house fire incidents. So that one And, it was recalled And. that was, I mean that was in the early two thousands.


It was surprising those were still around. Yeah. Yeah. I think those people tried to throw back to like the real deal And. it just didn't quite work. There was another one that's a CSI fingerprint examination kit, which sounds extremely innocuous, but it was recalled in 2007 because they found out that the fingerprint powder that you used to dust for prints with had asbestos in it. It was up to 5% asbestos, which is obviously a, I think a mesothelioma causing carcinogen. Yeah. So that was like, no. And parents were like, what are you guys doing? Stop selling our kids. Like we're clearly into product safety. Stop selling our kids this stuff.


So a toy maker named, oh, I don't know who made it, but they came out with a set called Chemistry 60 and they were like, watch this. This is 60 fun activities with no chemicals. In other words, boring this, this is the irony here. Yeah. Right. Despite that it had no chemicals, it had two kinds of safety goggles. The goggles and those little clear safety glasses. Yeah. Made out of whatever they're made out of that non chatt, non chatt or something. And a folded up nanny who came outta the box to hover while all these experiments are going on and you could get the items that you need, like you did need some chemicals, but these are like kitchen level chemicals like vinegar, baking soda, that kind of stuff.


And, I thought that was kind of reminiscent. You remember Dave came up with a bunch of quotes of Nobel scientists who credit Chemistry Sets for like increasing their, or or starting their interest in science. There was one other scientist named Carrie Moles who won the Nobel Prize in chemistry in 93, who said that their objective with their chemistry set was to figure out what things I might put together to cause an explosion And that they discovered whatever chemicals might be missing, they could buy them at the local drug store or hardware store. And so like that's, that's, this is like the antithesis of that. Rather than being like, I need more explosive stuff or I need this other thing to make this explosion happen.


I'm gonna go down to the, the drug store hardware store. This was, I'm gonna go to the kitchen and make a baking soda and vinegar volcano in this chemistry set that my parents bought me and then I'm going to go to sleep and maybe, hopefully never wake up. Right. Dave did a little research though and found that there are some pretty good ones today that you can still get. There are some companies that are, you know, trying to make a, a safe version of a real deal chemistry set these days. This one called, I don't know, it's Tims or Thames in this case. And Cosmos with a K, it's called the Chem C 3000. Wow. 280 bucks plus money for chemicals.


So it better be good for that kind of dough. Yeah. It got best overall chemistry set by the Wall Street Journal in 2006. I didn't know the Wall Street Journal rated such things, but it makes sense. Yeah. 18 years ago. It does make sense that they would rate it though because these, some of the, the legit Chemistry Sets set sent sold today. They're for like homeschoolers, like who need this kind of stuff. And in fact, If, you wanna plunk down 645 Somalians, you can get a chemistry set that covers an entire year of 11th grade chemistry. Oh wow. Pretty neat. That's cool. I also saw one other reason that Chemistry Sets kind of got watered down over the years. Our meth labs, people were finding like they could actually buy these things and use them to make meth.


Right. So there was another, of course there was another prong to like be like, we need to really stop making these legit Chemistry Sets. Yeah. Got anything else? I got nothing else. You know, support, support science for your, for your kids. Little little girls, little boys. Get them, get 'em a chemistry set. Very nice. That's what I say. That's right. Since Chuck gave us a nice PSA, it's time of course for listener mail. I'm gonna call this all caught up. Hey, everybody got hooked on your show in 2019. After a few weeks of listening, I decided I had to Listen to all of it. And after five years I finally have completed that task.


Just finished listening to the Judas Priest suicide trial. Wow. During a morning trail run. And now I feel like I have a little void in my life guys. Oh. Having to wait patiently throughout the week for new content. I often listen for hours on end during trail runs, training for ultra marathons. By the way, Josh has many times called them ultra ths, which never fails to give me a chuckle. Ultra th Is that not a thing? I think they're called ultra marathons. Ultrathin is like a, A bad guy on In a character. Yeah. On some Japanese anime. Yeah. I like ultrathin. Your voices and content guys always give me, keep me in a positive mood even when I'm at the point of exhaustion.


You've been with me and my wife through some big life events. Our marriage, multiple cross country moves, new jobs, and now a new baby. Oh nice. In a few weeks ke and by the time this comes out, that baby will be around. I would imagine. 'cause we're ahead by a few weeks at this point. So keep up the great work guys. I can continue to share this and enjoy it with my family as it grows by one. Maybe a long shot, but I'd love to see a live show up here in Halifax, Nova Scotia that you get a couple of hundred people in a room here. That's for Matt. Well Matt, we got a couple of hundred people in a room in Atlanta. Yeah. We can't get worse than that, right? Yeah.


I'd rather go to Halifax than have a hometown show be undersold for. Yeah. You got any barns in Halifax, Matt, that we can do his show in? I bet Matt has a barn. Well, congratulations in advance retroactively to you and your family for your baby's birth and If. you wanna get in touch with us like Matt did, and tell us how much we've kept you going on your ultra thons. You can do so by sending us an email to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio for more podcasts, MyHeart Radio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.


The holidays are coming up fast, you know which means deliveries, traveling, tree wrecking cats, you totally need ring to get you through the chaos. The Ring video doorbell will alert you to the package deliveries while indoor cams keep an eye on any cat versus tree drama. And with a ring alarm kit you can visit relatives without worrying about your house. Holiday chaos averted. So head to ring.com to find the latest deals on ring video doorbells cams, and alarm and shop gifts for everyone on your list.


Hey, friends Toyota has been building for generations from pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a legendary lineup of in-stock cars, including the high performance 25 Camry and capable, affordable Corolla, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio and yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to. Have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.