
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about in a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member, FDIC.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple Pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh, and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And this is the podcast as just mentioned. We call it Stuff You Should Know. And by the way, yes, we should say to any new listeners, we're not saying you should already know this stuff, so don't be hostile toward us about that. We're saying, we think you should know this 'cause it's so interesting. We want to tell you about it. Yeah, We could have changed the name of the show to things that, that you might find interesting, but then again, you might not as well, but that doesn't have a ring. Exactly. Yeah. There's no implied dummy in the title of our, our podcast.


No. Okay. No, no. We are the Dummies. So I'll tell you somebody who wasn't a dummy as far as it comes to being a world class liar, maybe England's greatest liar ever. It was a spy from the World War II beginning early Cold War era named Harold Kim Philby. And if that name rings a bell, we'll just sit back and enjoy this episode on a British spy. If you don't know who Kim Philby is, sit back and enjoy this episode on a British spy. You, your, your voice is going up like you were gonna say something else.


Is that it? I I just wanted to replicate it perfectly. So big thanks to Dave who helped us with this, but Dave also wanted us to shout out and we wanna shout out a book by Ben McIntyre, A Spy among friends Colin Kim Philby and The Great Betrayal, and also a mini series that I have not watched that I think I probably will now as six parter on Amazon. MGM called A Spy Among Friends from 2023 starring the Winsome Guy Pierce. Oh, Yeah. As Kim Philby or Harold Adrian Russell Philby as he was born in India in 1912 because his dad was a colonialist, I can never say that word.


Right. I think you nailed it. Philby Kim. He was nicknamed Kim because there was a Rudy Kipling story, a book I think about a street urchin raised on the streets of India who becomes a spy. Isn't that crazy? Yeah, it really is. Because He got this nickname as a kid, like before. Right. He knew he was gonna be a spy. Right. He wasn't out in there like, we're gonna call you Kim from now on. Yeah, he, yeah, he grew up to be a spy, and it was, he was nicknamed after a boy who grew up to be a spy. So it is pretty interesting. But everyone called him Kim Philby, and he was born in India in 1912. His dad was a colonialist, like you said, his, his sympathies actually lay with India.


Oh, okay. And he, he eventually quit the service and went to become a, I think an advisor to this, the king of Saudi Arabia eventually. Oh, wow. Well, at any rate, he was born to a well healed family. His parents were gone a lot. He was raised by his Indian nanny. He went to Cambridge. So he was sort of on that track of, of not, you know, royalty or anything, but probably aristocracy, you could say. Right. Yeah. And when he went to Cambridge, it was the early 1930s, pretty, pretty rocky time. The Great Depression was happening, and that's when the fascist, especially in Germany and Italy, saw their sort of opportunity when people were wrecked by poverty to step in and start controlling things.


Right. So communism became a thing among young Cambridge and intellectuals at the time. And communism was viewed as the antidote to fascism, which was on the rise at the time in the late thirties. And the reason I was like, why I don't understand that, because my geopolitics is seen through the view of a eighties American kid who lived through the end of the Cold War. Yeah. But communism is all about class and social equality. One of the defining characteristics of fascism is a rigid hierarchy. So of course, the aristocracy of Great Britain would be fully on board with a, a, a kind of ideology that said, yes, you're at the top.


You deserve to be at the top, you should stay at the top. And so they, they aristocracy at the time, definitely had sympathies with the Nazis because of their fascist leanings. And that did not sit well with these young Cambridge intellectuals who had, had bought fully into communism as a, as the, the ideology to spread throughout the world. Yeah. And it was especially a way for, you know, kids to, to rebel against what their parents loved, which is a, a classic thing that, that kids and teenagers and young adults do. And in this case, these, like you said, these young Cambridge elites were like, Hey, communism is where it's at. Forget the, this, I was about to say patriarchy, but it was, it was really, you know, everybody, the upper class altogether.


And you know, as far as Philby is concerned, he didn't, he wasn't out there calling for a revolution or anything. And let, let's go burn it down. He apparently never officially joined the Communist Party, but he was, he was a communist through and through like Yeah. Up until the very end. He was very committed to it. Something he did not grow out of. Like his parents like probably hoped he would. I mean, out of all of the Soviet spies in the UK at the time, he was probably the most committed communist. Yeah. And as, as you'll see, there were plenty of chances to go a different way, and he never did. No, for sure. So he was at Cambridge and he met with a professor and with this professor, he said, Hey, I really wanna help communism, you know, spread throughout the world.


What can I do? What as a young aristocratic Cambridge grad do to help communism? And this professor said, I've so in Vienna right now, they're, they're battling the communist comrades are battling a dictator named Engelbert Dolphus. And Dolphus is a fascist dictator, and you can go to Austria and help, I don't know how, but just go to Austria and figure it out. And he did. Yeah. He was like, oh, I was thinking a letter campaign or something, but Right. But sure, I'll go to Austria and, and fight a, a ruthless dictator. While he was there, he went to Vienna, lovely town, by the way, one of my favorites in Europe.


He fell in love with a woman named Alice Litzy Coleman, who was another young communist. They became co revolutionaries and they, you know, hooked up also in, you know, in a more romantic way, hugging and kissing, that kind of thing. Okay. And dolphus, the, the fascist dictator said, alright, we gotta get rid of these communists and we we will do so by whatever means we need to. And that Litzy woman was on that list. She was pretty well known or, or you know, well known as far as the, the insider fascist dictators go. Right. And they said, all right, we gotta get outta here. They, they realized the writing was on the wall, said they got married, they fled to England. And in London, he finally, Kim Philby got in touch with a, a real Soviet operative at a secret meeting in Regent Park that was arranged by one of lit's communist friends.


And it was game time. It was on from that point forward. Yeah. So this real life communist was a Czech academic who was undercover for the Soviets as basically a spy master. His name was Arnold Deutsch, or at least that's what he told people. I guess it's where Germany comes up in this one. His code name. And what he used to communicate with people was auto OTTO. Apparently he was huge on security. He would make philby take like three taxis at least before they would meet. And this guy was like, okay, you, I, I can do something with you. You are a, a, like an aristocratic, you're a member of the upper crust of British society.


And right now the upper crust of British society is If you are from them, you have total trust across the board. Let's take advantage of that. Yeah. He was, he was pretty ideal for that position. But he was like, how good of an actor are you though? Because that's what really matters if you're gonna get into this. And Philby said, well, let's just say this one day Guy Pierce is gonna play me in a streaming series. Right. And he was like, what does that mean? That makes no sense at all. He said, okay, I'm a pretty good actor, and a good actor will eventually play me. He's really gotta fall into this part, you know, in such a perfect way that obviously no one's gonna find out.


That's the ultimate goal of being a mole, is to be a great liar. And he was really, really good at it. One of the things he had to do though, was find a job to, you know, as cover, and he's like, the perfect job for this would be a journalist. Yeah. But one other thing he had to do too was he had to, he had to become at least outwardly what he despised the most. Yeah. Which was the quintessential English aristocrat. Yeah. Right wing. Yeah. Yep. Right wing fascist sympathies that aren't particularly well hidden. Super conservative, very loyal to, to the British crown. Yeah.


Essentially everything you think of when you think of like a guy wearing a bowler hat in the forties in, in Great Britain carrying an umbrella on his forearm. Right. Like, he did not like these people. And yet he, he now entered their world where he would stay essentially as a mole for years to come. And I mean, it's, I don't really sympathize with him because of who he was and what a traitor he was. Yeah. But I, I do sympathize with him in the idea of having to live your life like that around people you despise and have to pretend like you like them for years on end, or that you are one of them for years on end. That had to be, that had to definitely be rough on the, the old soul, you know?


Yeah. You know, here's the thing. I never thought about seeing so many stories on this kind of thing. We've read so many books and seen so many movies about double agents and people, you know, lying for cover. But I always think about like, oh yeah. To live that line, to keep that up. That must be hard. I, until we did this episode, I never thought about how hard that would be to just like, be sleeping with the enemy essentially full time. And like all your friends, all your social circle, everything that comes outta your mouth, like, has to be the thing that you hate the most. Right. It's incredible. I never considered how hard that would be. Right. So you said that he was told he needed a JOB Yes.


And he became a journalist. J-O-U-R-N-A-L-I-S-M. Right. That was his JOB. And the reason why it was such a great profession for him is that you can go all over the world as a journalist. Yeah. And you're just like, yeah, I'm covering the running of the bowls, so here I am. Or this is, this Olympics is amazing, isn't it? Yeah. October Fest, let's do It. Right. Nobody's gonna question why you're in this country 'cause you're covering something. That's one thing. Another thing too is If you are covering like elite people, you're kind of considered a member of the club just in and of itself.


Right. So people let their guard down around you because you're an aristocrat, you're one of them. They know, you won't say the things that they are saying off the record. You won't print those in the paper, but you could tell sell 'em to the Soviets. That's exactly right. So he gathered all sorts of off the record secrets and, and all this stuff from, from interviewing people at the highest echelons of power that they were sharing with him. 'cause he was one of them. He was just turning right around and giving it to the Soviets, like you said. So his, his career as a journalist to start out was, it was a great choice. Yeah. And it's just further reinforced the more he does it because he's not printing that stuff. So you're like, oh, Philby can really be trusted. Yeah. Good. 'cause I told him, told all this off the record stuff and he's not printing it.


This guy's great. That's right. So to to sort of bulk up his cover, he got this job at the Anglo German Trade Gazette, which was a British newspaper, but it was at least in part financed by the Nazis. And it was about just trying to get trade relations between Britain and Germany. It was like a friendly newspaper between them. Yeah. So he had to, you know, play this role of sort of quasi Nazi sympathizer and lose all of his friends in his life. 'cause all of his friends were these, you know, sort, sort of fellow I ideologically aligned people, fellow leftists, maybe not all of them communists. But he wasn't hanging out with these people until he started doing this, this right wing sort of Nazi sympathizing group.


Yeah. He essentially pulled Christopher Hitchens and just completely transformed from one way to the other. So at the time, civil War broke out, this is in the thirties as well, in in Spain. Have you ever seen the orphanage? Yes. Very creepy. And in the time of the Spanish Civil War. Yeah, That was good. Yeah. It was, on one hand you had the fascists led by Francisco Franco, and they were fighting the communists led by Franco Francisco. And he was supposed to be a war reporter for the London Times. And I mean, he was writing for the times, but really what he was doing was working his way into the good graces of the fascists so he could spy on them for the Soviets, who would then in turn tell what agents to do what to undermine the fascist side of the Civil War.


Right. Do you think there was ever any confusion about those two leaders? Oh, I I I made that up. I thought you did. Very subtle Though. Thank you. I was trying to like sniff you off the case, but in a way that made me look as less least dumb as possible. Well, that's why you're the best all around boy. Oh man. Stop it. So we should mention, you know, sort of neither here nor there, but he and Zi had been divorced by this time. He was married four times total. But he would do things like strike up affairs in order to get into the places he needed to be. In this case. He, he had an affair with an older woman, Franco's Inner Circle. But while he was there, he, his, his car was, was bombed essentially, not a car bombing, but just hit by a, a shelling during a, a bombing raid.


And all three passengers in the car that were not named Kim Philby died. And he just had minor injuries. So he was actually awarded the Red Cross of military merit from Franco himself. Gave him this award. Yeah. One thing I saw real quick is that Kim Philby received the highest military honor possible from the Spanish, the Soviets and the English. Yeah. All while he was a spy for the USSR. Wow. That's crazy. So he gained so much access, like he was friendly with the, the, the highest levels of the fascist side of the, of the Spanish government that the Soviets were like, we could just have him all Franco at this point.


And they decided like, no, we're just gonna use up a valuable asset. And frankly, I'm not sure that that guy could do it. Yeah. So they didn't have him kill Franco, but he, he really proved his worth by infiltrating the fascists in the Spanish Civil War. And by this time, well, should we take a break and then come back and talk about his next round of stuff? We got a break. Okay. Well, we'll be right back to talk about his next round of stuff.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn, you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/syk, that's linkedin.com/syk. And you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals, always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly, execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life. Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. It's strawberry me slash stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now, or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with an bay. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly, stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance, fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide, backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees. Every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


So Chuck, I was saying that Philby proved himself a very loyal communist spy and an effective one too. So Otto's like, Hey man, you got any friends? And Philby says, yes, yes I do. As a matter of fact, I have two very close friends from my Cambridge days who I think would fit the bill perfectly. One of them was named Donald McClain, the other was Guy Burgess or Burgess, I'm not sure which way he said it. I also saw a lot of conflicting information that Guy Burgess recruited, Philby and yada, yada yada. But I think that the way that we've said it is correct. I think so. So he, how he gets Don McClain, not American Pie, Don McClain, thank God he gets Donald McClain on, on the, on the dole is he goes to dinner and he sort of hints around, you know, like, Hey, you know, what do you, what do you, what, what do you think?


And McLean was like, I'm all in buddy. This, I've been waiting on this. So he, he had to do the same thing Philby did was, you know, like leave all his sort of leftist friends behind publicly come out in favor of fascism. And his other buddy guy Burgess saw this happening and was like, Hey, what's going on here, dude, this is really fishy. I want in on this. Like I see what's happening here. And Burgess was not, I think McLean was a pretty decent fit for a spy, but Burgess was very loud, apparently a pretty obnoxious guy. And he was a barely closeted gay man at a time where homosexuality was illegal. It was a crime in England.


Right. All that. All that to say, he was not a real sort of low key under the radar. You'll be a good spy kind of guy. But the Soviets were like, he's fine. Yeah. It's crazy. Like he was a loose cannon if there ever was one. But they still recruited him anyway. Yeah. And they became known as the Cambridge three. I think eventually there would be a Cambridge five in total though, right? Yeah. There were two others that were kind of brought on. One of which was this lone wolf who was kind of acting independently. But what they had in common is they'd all five gone to Cambridge or instructed at Cambridge. Right. And ended up being Soviet spies. Oh Yeah. That part too. Yeah. So when World War II broke out, the Soviets were like, oh, this is great.


We're allied with England, you know, nominally, and we've got this guy on the inside, let's have him join military intelligence. And just like everything else, military intelligence was run by the upper crust, the aristocracy of Great Britain at the time. And so just like he went to that lefty professor at Cambridge and said, what can I do to help the communist? Cause this spy version of Kim Philby went to the British aristocracy and said, what can I do to help the crown? I would really love to get into intelligence. They're like, well come aboard to MI six. We don't need to vet you. We'll look at your background and see if there's anything that pops up.


Nothing did great. Come aboard. Here's every secret that we have in the entire nation. Yeah. Like, like later on they literally asked like about the vetting and like, how could this get past you? And they were like, yeah, you came from the right family. And they we knew the same people basically. Yeah. And this is how it was back then. By the way, look for a little preview. We got a episode on MI six coming out at some point. Nice. Looking forward to that. But he's all of a sudden working for MI six is in the perfect position to be a double agent because of where he worked, but also because he was, I mean, this is why the get guy pierced to play this guy. He was really, really charming guy, apparently just very smart, very quick-witted.


Apparently he would just make you feel like you're the only person in the room. People really, really loved him and thereby trusted him very quickly. And a legendary drinker. He could drink anyone under the table. And if you're in a cocktail party and you get people a little, a little tipsy on, on, on whiskey, on that fine scotch or British whiskey, they're gonna start spilling some secrets. And he was, he's like Karen Allen and, and the first Raiders, you know, she could drink that guy under the table. So don't get into a drinking contest with Kim Philby or Karen Allen. No, I think that Dave put it best though when he, he really brought it home for me at least to describe how charming this guy was.


He said Dave compared him to Peak Hugh Grant. I almost wet my pants when I read that. I was like, God, that's charming. That's how disarm I was. I almost just peed. I haven't seen heritage yet that It looks good though. I heard it's pretty good. Oh, have you seen, talk to me. What's That? It's another a 24 horror movie. Mm. Maybe What's it about? I don't want to give it away. It's about where you can, you can hold this, this mummified hand and speak to the spirit world. Okay. You've not seen it. It's Australian. I have not seen that. Oh, it's so good, Chuck. Because I would've remembered That it's Chuck.


You're going to love it. Do You become quite a horror movie guy over the past years? Yeah. No, I mean, you like all kinds of stuff, right? But is you Is yu me into these scary movies? Oh no. She'll she'll hang out on the couch with me and watch 'em, but she's not, she doesn't watch 'em. Although I think she would even like talk to me. It's just so well done. Yeah. And there's only a few parts that are like scary. Scary. Yeah. Yeah. It's just a really well thought out horror movie. It's really cool. It's a good one. Well, And you're a, you, you got an A 24 tattoo on your lower back. Sos I know you're an adherent. Yeah, they really are. Great. Alright, where were we? We were at Hugh Grant and we were talking about the drinking.


Alright, I guess let's talk about what was going on then with the Cambridge three. Okay. This is a very successful, well, all the Soviet spies combined were really successful, including the Cambridge three. They, over the course of their work, they sent the Soviets more than 10,000 documents during World War ii. Just World War ii. Oh yeah. And, and like the D-Day invasion advance notice stuff about the Manhattan Project, like some really big fish. They were getting fed this information and sometimes this would, you know, this would lead to people dying because of information shared by Philby and others. Yeah. So Kim Philby, he wrote a memoir as we'll see later on. But he showed zero remorse essentially for any of the lives that he, that he cost.


Yeah. Essentially, one of the really good examples of this is the, some members of the Catholic resistance in Germany who were fighting the Nazis during World War ii, they approached the British intelligence, and we should say MI six, I don't know if we said that's the British equivalent of the CIA in America. Yeah. Is is it military based? Because you said military intelligence. I thought they were just like the CIA. Yeah. I don't know if they're military intelligence or not. I Guess we'll find out when we do our MI six episode. Exactly. Great point. But they came to MI six, some of these resistance leaders came to MI six and they said, Hey, we wanna make friends with you because we think the allies are gonna win.


We're fighting to make sure the allies win. And afterward we wanna build a Christian, democratic Germany that's gonna be super friendly with the West. So let's work together after the war. Okay. See ya, Tata, for now. And Philby as a member of MI six, found out about this, told the Soviets and basically the names and addresses of these people. Yeah. And the Soviets went and killed them all because the Soviets wanted Germany to be communist afterward, not open and Democratic and Christian. So after the war, when MI six went looking for these Catholic resistance leaders to help rebuild Germany, they were gone. They'd all been killed during the war thanks to Kim Philby.


Yeah. So that's just one example of many where lives were lost to two, you know, his intelligence gathering after World War ii, this is when obviously the Americans and the Brits sort of turned toward the Soviet Union and the threat of communism as the main enemy and you know, kind of pre Cold War stuff. And you would think that this would be a, a tough thing all of a sudden. 'cause Philby is, is really the enemy. But he was so good at what he did, it was, he just had an inside position. So it, it, it was not easier, but all of a sudden he was like, he was really in the mix. Yeah. And he was so good at lying. He was so good at playing this part, sleeping with the enemy, like you said, year after year after year.


That, that even when the Soviets were the enemy now, like he just, he just coasted right through it. Like it was nothing, like, there had been no change whatsoever for him. So he actually had a stroke of genius in 1944. He said, Hey, we really need to start worrying about these Soviets. I'm worried that there's Soviet spies in MI six and I think we need to create a counterintelligence section for MI six dedicated to rooting out Soviet spies. Oh man. Do you know the Voss it takes, I know man to Suggest something like that when you are a Soviet spy. But at the same time it really just, it's genius. Shows genius. Yeah. That was his mo He would be like, you can't possibly suspect me because I'm the one suggesting this.


That's what he did. And they were like, great idea. Let's get somebody not you to do this. And they hired a guy named Felix Cowgill. Yeah, exactly. Get that old boy Cowgill on it. And Philby was like, oh, that's, that didn't go down like I wanted because I really need to head up this organization and not have this guy Cowgill all of a sudden sniffing down my neck. So he starts a whisper campaign to sort of get cowgill out of there. That's exactly what happened. And within a few months, Philby is standing there, you know, at the ready to take over a Soviet spy all of a sudden in, in charge of the Soviet counter intelligence for MI six. So McIntyre, in his book, this is a pretty fun quote, he said The fox was not merely guarding the henhouse, but building it, running it, assessing its strengths and frailties and planning its future construction.


You sound like Hank Gazar and mystery men. The stinks. Oh, great. I, I'll take that. I think that's a great quote too. He definitely, he he'll sit. So this is what, but that's the reality now. Like Kim Philby is the, the in charge of rooting out Soviet spies, yet he's a Soviet spy for MI six. It's perfect. And yeah, so things are going along smoothly for, I don't know, a couple of months. And then there's this really big deal that happens. There's a defector who worked at the Soviet Embassy in Istanbul. His name was Constantine Ovv. And Ovv went to the British Embassy in Istanbul. He said, Hey neighbor, get this, I know the names of dozens of Soviet spies embedded in, in British intelligence all throughout, and I will tell you their names.


If you give me $50,000 and they're like $50,000 in 2025 money. He goes, no, no, no. $50,000 in 1944 money. That's a lot more If you give me that and you help me and my wife defect to the west, I'll tell you all these people's names and here's a little, here's a little bit of sugar on top to get you interested. Yeah. One of these spies is the head of a section of the British Counter Espionage service in London. And they said, oh boy, that's quite a sweetener. So Philby hears about this. And instead of like, you know, freaking out, he was like, no, no, no, I've got this. He said, you know what, this, this, if it's that inside, we need to get a interview with this guy.


Somebody needs to go interrogate Volkov and how about I do that? And they're Like saying, cowgirl Inc. Goes No, Exactly. And he said, you know, I should do this. And they, you know, they trusted him so much at this point. They're like, yeah, sure. Like who, who better descend, right. He goes to Istanbul to meet with ov but he never showed up because the Russians took care of that. Right? Yeah. He Told the KGB that hi, that this, there was this ov defector in Istanbul and they needed to take care of him. So he looks totally innocent and legit, like he's the head of MI six Soviet counter espionage department.


So it makes sense that he would go interview him one, but it also just makes him look so innocent. Why would you go all the way over there to meet with somebody you know is not gonna be there? Of course he's innocent. He went to assemble to meet the guy. That guy just disappeared. That's all. And it was just another master stroke like that. I, I'm just, I mean, I, I don't take my hat off to liars very often, but this guy definitely deserves a hat tip for coming up with this, this stuff. I mean, he was always one step ahead of things. So much so that, you know, the, the Soviets eventually thought that he might be like a triple agent or double crossing them or something because you know, they were like, how's this guy moved up so quickly and all of a sudden he's running the department MI six, that's to like, it's pretty genius comrade, but it's all very suspicious to them.


And they were a pretty paranoid bunch at that point. They probably still are. And they always wondered what the deal was. But like his information always checked out. It was always golden. So they, they really had no choice but to go along with things. He would eventually go to America. He was assigned MI six chief in DC So if he was like a, a, a charming guy in England with that accent and his drinking ability, he was like, just multiply that times a hundred in the United States as far as the charm factor goes. Right. Exactly. So, yet again, he's done some amazing maneuvering. He's in DC he's hanging out with the, the most connected embedded members of the CIA, the FBI, the diplomatic circuit from the state department.


Like everybody who's anyone in DC this guy's partying with. And you said that he was well known as just like a, a, he had a hollow leg. He was just such an amazing drinker. He could drink as well as anybody like Marian from Raiders of the Lost Ark you said? Yeah, apparently he could get so drunk that he couldn't engage in a conversation, but he was always listening and he could still type up a pretty great report the next day for his handlers based on the stuff he'd overheard while he was blackout drunk essentially. So this really jived with America. Like the Americans at the time, they loved drinking like that. Just like the Brits. Yeah. Maybe even more so.


So he would just drink with everybody. Love that. Okay. But close to Tide, at least you can agree. So he would just drink with everybody. And that's how he became a, a trusted confidant. Apparently. Also he was a genuine friend. Like he met some people along the way that he really became friends with and I think later on he said that he missed some of them. But yeah, that combination of being one of them in the intelligence community, being able to drink as well as anybody so he can have fun at cocktail parties, being charming and then also being a legit friend. He really got his hooks into people over in the US as well.


Yeah, for sure. One of the guys he really buddied up with, his name was James Angleton. He was a counterintelligence chief of the CIA for two decades. So good, good guy to know. Right? They had already met, apparently from when they were younger in England. So they were, you know, hooked up again and became really, really close. And so he thinks they're like really good friends. So he's just spilling everything to Philby 'cause they're buddies. Right. He, one example is he told Philby about a military operation called Operation Valuable, where the Brits and the Americans were gonna overthrow the dictator of Albania to keep them from joining the Soviet block. And they were training exiles to sort of mount this fight, you know, against their, against their dictator.


And Philby passes this along to, to Moscow. And before you know it, these Albanian authorities are like ready and waiting when this uprising happens and just slaughtered all these foreign trained exiles and basically quashed everything. The revolution was no more. Right. And so there's a whole bunch of heads also on Philby as well from that. Yeah. We should probably take another break. Yeah. Yes. Let's take a break. Alright, We'll come back and talk about, well Kim Philby right after this


Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing Anna Bay Sofas. Where designer style meets budget friendly prices brings you the ultimate in furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. Anna Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stain resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy liquid. Simply slide right off designed for custom comfort. Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years, don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for out outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long And get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home


for adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity. Refreshing sleep may be hard to come by and who likes to lag and drag through the day. OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA, don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


All right, so we're back here for Act three. It is now 1946 and we're gonna talk a little bit about something called Theona decryption. That was, you know, everyone had their secret codes that they used to encrypt things in those days, and they still do. But 1946 American Cryptologists cracked that code that the Soviets were using were using Theona decryption. And they said, Hey, let's just not use this going forward. Let's go back and dig through all the stuff from World War II and see if we can get anything out of that. And in 1950 they decoded a message from the past that identified a Soviet spy. No, not Yuri, it's not Well, I was about to ruin No Way out a movie that came out like 30 something years ago, but I'm not gonna do that.


Okay. I'll just say Yuri. 'cause it's a really good movie and you should see it If you haven't. Okay. But they identified a Soviet spy named Homer who worked at the British Embassy in DC in 1944. And Philby was like, oh man, I'm reading this thing. Homer's McLean, it's my friend. Right? And if they, if they get him, then my cover's blown. And you know, right now he's in a good spot because everyone thinks he's, he's like me, just a straight up Cambridge boy, right? Who's, who's doing God's work for the Crown. But more evidence started coming out and another Decoded message came out saying Homer's wife was pregnant and staying with her mother in New York.


And he was like, it's really obvious, it's you now. Right? So I gotta, I gotta kick this thing into action. Yes. So I, I guess as an example of what kind of friend he was, he took it upon himself to get in touch with, with the KGB and be like, McLean's blown, he needs to get out of here. But just McLean, because if just McLean had to flee and it seemed like it was just McLean who was the spy, he could weather that pretty well. He could be like, I can't believe this. I was as duped as you were. Right. If his other friend, the other member of the Cambridge three guy Burgess also fled, it would be really hard for Kim Philby to be like, oh my gosh, I can't believe my, oh, my two best friends, right.


Were Soviet spies, but not me. So he told Guy Burges like, McLean's leaving, you cannot leave. You have to stay here. We're gonna ride this out together, just we'll be okay. And Guy Burgess said, yes, absolutely. And he dipped with McLean too, leaving, leaving Kim Philby to hold the bag. Yeah. And he was holding the bag because he didn't know this was coming. Moscow didn't say that was gonna happen. So word gets out, it's pretty clear that there's a third man q the zither and that had, you know, said, Hey Moscow, here's what's going on. Right? So he, the writing's on the wall, he knows he's about to be found out, even though he had all his protection as the Cambridge boy, these other two guys being Cam Cambridge gentlemen being moles and, and just sort of disappearing all, you know, it could be anyone.


So he knew that the, the writing was on the wall. He's, everyone's starting to remember like, wait a minute, all, all three guys were super leftists, like communist in college. And they really turned, they really changed their mind on how they felt about things Id ideologically really quickly. And then there's also the vol call Affair and Operation valuable. And like all the things that Yl be's assigned to are, are, are going tits up. Yeah. Well put, he, he could have fled too. He didn't though. He's like, I think the best thing I can do is stay here and just by having the guts to stay here Yeah. It'll make me look all the more innocent. Like it will back up my claim. Right. Like, what person in his right mind would be a Soviet spy?


And when he is basically outed stick around to say no, I'm not a spy. Yeah. And that's exactly what he did. And MI six at the end were, were, they said, okay, we will believe you. And they circled the wagons around him again because he was an aristocrat. But the CIA, the FBI IMI five, which is like the UK's version of the BI, all of them were like this guy Kim Philby, he's the third man, he's a Soviet spy, and MI six would not hear of it. And there's actually a rift that developed between MI six and the other agencies. But the reason why MI six was willing to do this was because like we said, he was such a good friend.


That is true. Friends who were left, who weren't spies came to his defense and they stake their reputations on Kim Philby not being the third man, the Soviet spy that was still embedded in the, in MI six. Yeah. And those were James Angleton, who he's talked about the CIA guy for 20 years, and a guy named Nicholas Elliot, a career guy at MI six. So they, they kept him from being prosecuted. He, he couldn't still work at MI six. He was forced to resign. They couldn't save his job. But when this all came out, he, he should have been, it should have been like over for him, right? But he held a, again, the waves in the sky, right?


He holds a press conference at his mom's house in London and like live on camera, just very openly and convincingly answers all these pointed questions from reporters saying like, my two friends deceived me. Everyone ended up believing him. And while this made him like technically a free guy, he didn't have that job anymore. And he, he thrived on that job. So he was pretty miserable at this point and drinking way, way too much. Yeah. For not the last time in his life. He almost drank himself to death between 1951 and 1956 when he was just totally unmoored in adrift. He was no longer in MI six, the Soviets had cut off contact with him and his friend Nicholas Elliot, one of those guys who had staked their reputation on Kim Philby not being a Soviet spy.


He pulled some strings. He used to be this am I six station chief in Beirut. And he got in touch with some friends at The Observer and at the Economist and said, why don't you take this guy Kim Philby as one of your reporters? He's a longtime journalist. He used to be a journalist and and covered the world. Why don't you put him to work in Beirut? Yeah. And they did. They, they put him in as a Middle East correspondent for both of those papers. And while this happened, or sort of shortly after this happened, Elliot said, and you know what, you can start working for MI six again, just on the down low. Right? We, we'll throw you some bones here and there, you can go to work. So now Philby has this, once again, he's a journalist again.


He's quietly working for MI six again. And he could have just, you know, played it straight from this point forward and been like, all right, I got back on track. But he calls up the Rus and he's like, guess what? Old boys guess who's back in. And immediately, you know, because of his, his love of communism is one thing, I think. But the, the author of that book, McIntyre also makes a point that, and I think a good one, that he was, he was sort of addicted to this kind of lifestyle, the deception, lifestyle of, of drinking and philandering and leading these two lives. Like he seemed to really thrive off of that subterfuge and could not give it up.


Right. So he was back in it again. He was happy to be alive once again. And I think this lasted for about a year, a woman named Flores Solomon came forward. She had been reading some of Fey's articles in either the Observer or the co the economists or both that were unflattering toward Israel and Flora Solomon was dedicated to the cause of Israel and did not like that. So she said, you know what, I've had this thing in my pocket for 30 years. Kim Philby approached me when we were back at Cambridge and asked me if I wanted to become a Soviet spy. And I said, no. Yeah. And then I just let it go for 30 years until he ticked me off.


And so this was, this was it. Like she said, this guy is a Soviet spy. Told an editor at one of the papers, either the Economist or the Observer again, they turned around and told MI six and Kim Philby was in again in trouble. And this time he had nobody to swoop in to help him out. He was, he was basically cooked. I feel like those kinda loose ends don't happen in intelligence anymore. Like, oh, this woman who you tried to recruit as a spies just out there with this information. I read Why, Why Because am I six at the time was doing something called negative vetting. They would look at your record, your, your file, whatever they had on you.


And as long as nothing, no red flags popped out, you were in rather than positive vetting Wow. Where they conducted an actual background, like a, a a, a background investigation on you. They went to the trouble of like doing research. As long as there's no problems, you are there. Wow. Interesting. So that was one reason why it changed. Hmm. Okay. Well that makes sense. Thanks. I'm glad you knew that. Thank you. So where were we? Okay, so he was in trouble. He couldn't deny, you know, what was going on any longer. His buddy Nick Nicholas Elliot was, was pretty upset, obviously. He volunteered to go to Beirut and get a confession out of Philby. And he tried to deny it to him still.


But Elliot was, he was super upset at this point. And he was like, you, you're, you're my friend. You, you pulled a charade over my eyes. Sure, rad. Put the blank, the sharad over my eyes, the wool, the wooly blanket has been pulled over my eyes. Oh boy. And he was, he was, he was ticked off. And finally he was like, Hey listen, gimme a full confession. I can make sure you're not prosecuted for this. Phil be knew that like, even if that happened, he wouldn't be like a free man. Like the mi MI six was all of a sudden gonna put the thumb screws on him to try and get all the information he ever had about the Soviets. Right. The Soviets were probably gonna try and snuff him out. Right. So he's like, I gotta just leave. I gotta get the heck outta here.


Well He compromised. So just this past January they declassified the confession that he gave to Nicholas Elliot. And in it, he basically said, yes, I spied for the Soviets. But only while they were allies to the uk Right? Yeah. Just in World War ii. Yeah. And in 1946 I stopped. So he compromised, he had to give him something, but he also didn't give him enough that the Soviets would wanna kill him. Right, Right. Well, ho hopefully. Right. Exactly. And that Nicholas Elliot had a great quote when he, he went to Beirut. He said, I once looked up to you, Kim, my God, how I despise you now. I hope you have enough decency left to understand why. Yeah. So Painful.


Phil be sitting there he is doing three days of interviews with Nicholas Elliot. And on the third day he's like, that's enough. I'm outta here. And he vanished from Beirut in January of 1963, shortly after telling his wife he'd meet her at a diplomatic dinner party that evening. And he hopped on the Soviet freighter and slipped away. Slipped away so easily that even the KGB was like, we're pretty sure Nicholas Elliot let him slip away. Yeah. And he may have, because just to let him quietly leave was a lot less embarrassing for England than to put him on trial and to go through this big public spectacle where all these people are trotted out and asked like, how did this guy get away with this for so long under your watch?


Right. So he, he left, he lived in, in Moscow for the rest of his life. Yeah. For 25 years. You can Google pictures of like an elderly Kim Philby walking around Moscow. He eventually would die in a Russian hospital in 1988. And never said a bad word about the reign of terror from Stalin or anything like that. He got the order of lenn, like you said, was awarded the, the highest honors in, in three different very opposing places. Right, Exactly. Because he was so good at lying in his spy craft. He also, I mean he was considered, I think still to this day is considered a national hero in Russia. Yeah. He, he was featured on a postage stamp in 1990 as part of the Soviet Intelligence Agent series of postage stamps.


And I think he got full military KGB honors when he was buried in Moscow. And yet I read this blog called Cipher Brief. And they basically say the big problem that he did in addition to all the lives, lost because of him was just the damage he did at, at creating paranoia. Yeah. In all of the intelligence agencies, which tore themselves apart looking for Soviet spies because they found out that there were not just three but five. Yeah. And they tore themselves up for decades to come looking for that fifth one 'cause they didn't know who it was. And it turned out it was a guy named John Car Carcross. And then there was another one named Anthony Blunt, who was the art curator for the Crown.


But he was a traitor. At any rate, that was the one of the big lasting legacies. Kim Philby left behind him was just utter paranoia. Yeah. I mean if it could have been them, it could have been anyone. And it was also this sort of, this bedrock thing of the up until then had been, you know, If you come from the right family, If you come from the right world, then you're to be trusted as an insider. It rocked them to the very foundation. Well put chap. Thanks. You got anything else? Well, no, but since you said chap, I think you know what that Means. It means that I've unlocked listener mail. That's right.


This is from, this says Emily, but there's a little Is it a cental Go or grav? Which is the one that goes from northeast to southwest Like I know. Okay. That's above the E. So I'm not sure how Emily pronounces the name. There might be Emil. No Em like you would pronounce the E. If it has an accent, there's something to it, Eh? Alright. Hey guys, been listening since around 2018 provided me much comfort, entertainment, and knowledge. So thank you. I'm from Montreal and I love your poutine short stuff. Episode. I'm somewhat of a poutine super fan and purist.


It's been on my mission to try and rate as many poutines as possible throughout Quebec to find my favorite. I thought I'd share my personal poutine rating system with you. 'cause I've found it to be a rigorous method. Nice. Four criteria. Number one, cheese curd. How squeaky are the curds? Too big or too small? Okay. Number two, gravy sauce too sweet. Tomatoey not salty enough. Good. Too runny Tomatoey, Eh? I don't Know. Okay. French fries too limp. Ugh. No. Is the cut too thick? Eh? Yeah. Are they tasteless? Boo? Yeah. Do they taste like Wendy's tasteless fries? Oh, not on the Wendy's fries, huh?


No. Pretty Good. Dipped in a frosty though. Yes. Assembly is the cheese gravy fry ratio just right. That's a big one. Yeah. Is the portion too big or too small? And bonus? Fifth criteria, the value for money. Oh, that's a good, good extra one there at the end. Yeah. Pretty good. Even though poutine is a simple dish guy is, the beauty of it is so that it can be adapted to everyone's own personal taste. Thank you very much for the podcast. To all the team. Have a nice day. That is from, Thank you very much, Emel, Emily. That is a great test, a litmus test, If you will, for poutine. In my opinion, it would be really tough for the gravy two potato ratio to be too much, but gravy, it'd be easy to be too little gravy, but too much gravy would be hard to achieve, in my opinion.


That could lead to a soggy fry, though. Yeah. That just means you're not eating 'em fast enough. Ah, Good Point. All right. Well, If you wanna be like Emily and send us your own personal litmus test for something or other, we love that kind of stuff. You can send it to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Let's talk about moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity. Doesn't sound familiar. Think about how you've been sleeping lately. If you've had nights where you've been told you snore loudly or choke, or gasp for air and then wake up feeling tired, it may be due to OSA In the us. Moderate to severe OSA affects around 24 million adults. Many are adults with obesity and most cases remain undiagnosed and untreated. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at Don't Sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know, so you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime, but when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed Profile. No rabbit holes. Required


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.