
Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Hey everybody, I want to talk to you about courses from Squarespace. Start with a professional layout that fits your brand. Upload video lessons to teach techniques and skills, and tailor your course with a powerful fluid engine editor. Create engaging content with your audience that they're gonna love. Then just simply add a paywall and set the price. You can charge a one-time fee or even sell subscriptions. Turn that creativity into income with Squarespace courses. And right now, go to squarespace.com/stuff for free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know A, production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. And this is Stuff You. Should Know. The fairytale King edition, I guess. Yeah. The one and only, It's the best. I I could come up with, I love, I love stories of allegedly Mad Kings. I've spoken before about the madness of King George, the great film. Sure. And I'm surprised no one's done a movie about this character. I am too, as a matter of fact, because even if he's not that well known, and he's pretty well known.


Yeah. His, his castle is certainly extraordinarily well known. Sure. Which one? Well, yeah, he, he made three castles as we'll see, but the one that really takes the cake is Stein, which means new Swan Stone. Do you wanna know the German pronunciation? I just gave it Stein. That's what I said. Oh, okay. Great. Is it really? Yeah, that for ei it's always the second letter in German Nos. And then noy is, it's not new, it's Noy. Gotcha.


So yeah, I'll just call it New Swan Stone Castle, then from now on. Yeah. So that's what it means. Right. All right, let me try my, my hand at this. Okay. Ludwig II. And we're saying the W like a V, correct? Yeah. Yeah, let's do it. Okay. Ludwig II known as the Fairytale King in German, fairytale King is Dear Mark and Kig. Yeah. You just gotta work on your laus. I thought I nailed it. What? So, okay. What is that one then? I think that would be me Meinig. Okay. Well, at any rate, I love these words.


I just can't pronounce them at all. Hey, I'm going on German, I learned in 1988 and 89 and, well, you, You still got 91 and 92. I don't know if I do or not. So as we'll see, even If, you haven't heard of Ludwig or Ludwig. He is a really appealing character in history. Yeah. He was a real, real life character, but he was, I think he kind of taps into this universal desire that everybody has every once in a while, or some people have more than others, but we all like face times and circumstances and, and consequences that make us just want to turn away from the world, turn inward into like a fantasy world of our own making where we can be happy.


And most of us don't go actually do that. Ludwig II did just that because he had the opportunity and he had the means to do it. And I think in that sense, he's, he's appealing in a lot of ways. Plus he's a deeply tragic romantic figure as well. Yeah. As, as they say, it's good to be the king, right? Sure, sure. In his case, for a little while at least, well, actually for a long while, he had a nice run. He did 20 something years. But let's set up the stage of kind of what was going on when he came about in southeastern Germany, what was known as Bavaria. And they still call that area Bavaria. Did you like that? I did, But back then it was just Bavaria.


It had its own, you know, it was independent and it had its own taxes and it had its own constitution, but it was surrounded by just a, a lot of upheaval in Europe at the time. Right. And when he was born to Crown Prince Ludwig II, he was born in 1845. I'm sorry, that was his name. He was born to King Maximilian, I second. Right. And Marie AP Prussia had a brother named Otto, who suffered from mental illness, looked like probably schizophrenia. And his aunt Princess Alexandra also suffered from some sort of mental illness because she believed one of the things, she believed that she had swallowed a piano made of glass when she was a kid.


And it, she was protecting it. And if she moved the wrong way, it could shatter. And the reason we bring those two cases up is because Ludwig's own mental capabilities would be questioned later in life. And so you obviously look to the family a lot of times and say, Hey, he also had this in his bloodline. Yeah. I had an uncle who thought he was St. Jerome. Right. So Luve was born into, like, like you said, this really strange time or time of turmoil, geopolitically. And like you said, Bavaria was an independent state. It was a kingdom. And it was one of the last, the one of the last kingdoms, like in the area, things were moving more toward more of a nation state, more of less monarchy, more constitution kind of thing.


Right. Yeah. And Germany was very much on the brink of basically being brought together into the modern Germany that we think of it. Now, this happened when Ludwig was, I think, 18 or 19 or 20 years old, basically. I think he rose to the throne at 18. Okay. One thing we should set up though, just, you know, as far as his, his palace that he would later go on to build, that he's famous for, he grew up in these kinds of palaces, obviously is royalty in Bavaria. At the time, the place where he was mainly raised was called Hoen Al Castle, even though he was born in Nyberg Palace. But both of these places, if you're looking at, you know, quality castles, they were both pretty amazing.


Yeah. Growing up in these places, little Ludwig was like, you know, this established his aesthetic of what he thought was amazing and beautiful. Yeah. And there's a quote from his mom that said that as a child, he enjoyed dressing up, took pleasure and play acting, loved pictures, and liked making presents of his property money and other possessions. Does that mean like giving it away? Yeah, Exactly. Like, here, I want you to have this. That's nice. That's a, that's a good kid. Right? Not exactly like king type behavior. And as we'll see, he basically set the, set the stage for himself or set the tempo for himself from a very early age, it turns out. So I think, like you said, he was 18 when his father died, and he ascended to the throne. He became king of Bavaria in 1864, and he felt totally unprepared for it.


Yeah. He was not excited about it. Like a lot of, you know, kind of boy kings were, he had never, he wasn't very well schooled, seems very sheltered, didn't travel abroad, really never wanted anything to do with, you know, king or, or anything like that, kind of throughout his life, it seems like. And, and he was a total pacifist at a time where there was a lot of warring going on. He said it corrupts people's morals, makes them unable to entertain grand, noble ideals, dulls them for spiritual enjoyment. Yeah. So he was a, he was a, a pacifist. Yeah. He was also very much opposed to hunting, and he loved nature. Right. I love this guy. So, so he was apprehensive, he did have a really good education.


He just felt like he didn't have enough of it to qualify as a, a ruler of a kingdom. But that's, that's the way the cookie crumbles sometimes. Sorry, king. But when he came to power within just a couple of years, despite his pacifist leanings, Bavaria was forced into two different wars. And as a result of that, the geopolitical map changed dramatically. Yeah, for sure. They were allied with Australia because of royal bloodlines. You said Australia did Really? Yeah. All right. So, so remove the l and there's a couple, I think another Val or so that needs to, I think Another a clearly meant Austria.


They were allied with Austria, who knows what he thought about Australia. No one ever asked, as far as I know. Right. And so when Prussia came knocking on the door for the seven weeks war, that he was sort of forced to fight with Austria, and then they got their butts whipped pretty good. And then Bavaria was part of, or at least under the thumb of Prussia Yeah. To the north. And then when the Franco Prussian war started, then they had to fight with Prussia. Yeah. And then after the Franco Prussian war, the Prussians came out on top. And at that point they're like, all right, you know what, we're just gonna take over all of Germany. And they established the first rech, the German empire that collected all these separate little kingdoms, including Bavaria, and put them under the rule of Prussia.


But rather than being Prussia, the whole group, the whole collection that was now combined was Germany as we, as we recognize it today, although a little more, 'cause there's a bunch of Poland that was also part of Prussia that would be included in that map of Germany. But that was an enormous, huge change. And for Ludwig II personally, it meant that he was, he had no power any longer. He was a, a ceremonial figurehead and geopolitically speaking, he really was not very significant at all. Yeah. So I imagine, I mean, from everything I know about poor little ludvig, this probably wasn't the worst thing in the world because all of a sudden he was forced into a figurehead sort of role.


Right. And I get the idea that that was probably ideal for him. Like, he didn't, he didn't want to govern. He, it seems like he didn't mind doing the day-to-day bureaucracy of the job. Yes. And like, you know, signing the things he needed to sign and allocating the things he needed to allocate. But he, he was not interested in being king. And so all of a sudden sort of under this new, I mean, sort of protection in a way, as being part of the German empire and only having figurehead duties, he was free to be a, a fanciful boy king. Yeah. And to add a little nuance, he was totally fine with being king, but he wanted to be like an absolute monarch, like God's divine representative on earth, like the kings of the centuries before were considered.


But that wasn't happening even if PR wasn't running the show, because by that time, Bavaria had become a constitutional monarchy. So even before the German empire was founded, he wasn't nearly as powerful a king as he would've liked to have been. So yeah, that combined with his pacifism, combined with his prone proneness to fantasy, he was like, yes, this is my chance. I'll see y'all later. I'm gonna go over here into this little fantasy world and it's gonna be awesome. Yeah. He got to kind of pretend that he was the king that he wasn't. Yes. Yeah. Well Put. And he was a romanticist. He was very much into romanticism. It was, that's something that had already come and gone, but just like so many teenagers are obsessed with the generations before them, he loved the, the literature and the art of the movement.


Obviously romanticism was all about emotion and, and art and, and vast imagination and, and history. And so all of this sort of wrapped up in this idea that he was like, all right, well I'm, I'm gonna pretend like I'm Louis the 14th and basically sit around all day and fantasize. Right. And then also, really importantly, one part of romanticism, the architectural part of it is called Historicism. Yeah. And it's basically a nostalgic return to past architectural styles, but rather than going for historical accuracy, you go for idealization or improvement.


So it, it ends up being like this fantasy version of what used to be Yeah. More gilded things. Exactly. That totally jived with how Ludwig like to live and think. Should we take a break? Yeah, let's, Well this one's been densely packed so far. Yeah. There's a lot of geopolitics, lot of architecture, historic movements. What else? Yeah, that's about it. Oh, okay. Pronunciation. Yeah. Don't forget that. Alright, we'll be right back.


Hey everybody, Josh and Chuck here to tell you about Squarespace courses. Squarespace has the tools you need to create and sell your own online course. Just imagine that. That's right. You can start with a professional layout that fits your brand, upload video lessons to teach techniques and skills, and then tailor your course with the powerful fluid engine editor. Yeah. Create engaging content your audience will love. And then you just add a paywall and set the price. You can charge a one-time fee or sell subscriptions. Turn your creativity into income with Squarespace courses. That's right. And Squarespace does basically anything you wanna do for any kind of website. You can sell custom merch, you can have that online store going. They have great flexible website templates and analytics so you can use insights to grow your business. That's Right. So go to squarespace.com/stuff and you'll get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong, their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I know you guys are getting excited for Monday Night Football. you know, I am. Well there is something happening during the game that you have to check out. PayPal seems to be popping up everywhere. Did I mention like everywhere? They may just be in the game on Monday. If it's anything like the PayPal, wind chime post on Instagram, I saw it's going to be hilarious. You have got to tune in on Monday night on ESPN and see for yourself during the game. PayPal truly is everywhere.


Alright, so welcome to act two. This is where we talk about the, the private life of Ludwig. And I love how Olivia put it in this section title. No, that was me. Oh, That was you? Yeah. Oh, that sounded a little bit like Livia, but now I see Josh all over it. Okay. Was Ludwig gay? Yes. Yes he was. And that's the deal. Ludvig was a gay man, a gay king. He was sort of arranged to be marriage, married to his 22-year-old cousin Elsa, which was a, who was a Duchess in, in not Australia, but in Austria. And not surprisingly, he did not go through with that wedding. He blamed it on the Father-in-law.


And that was just a deal. He busied up with Elsa's sister, Empress Elizabeth, and they were peas in a pod. Yeah. They both had a disdain for war and violence. They both loved classical literature. They both liked their solitude and so much so that Ludwig, when he had his birthday parties, most of the people who were ever invited were the people who already worked for him, like his attendance and, and servants. They would dress up and come to the parties as guests. That's how, how much of a loner he was. And he liked it that way. And he was also not exactly quiet about his sexual orientation, which is really something at the time.


I mean, we're talking about the late 19th century in Bavaria. This is the king and he's, he's just, he's not exactly making it a huge secret. And in fact, while he was alive, it was like a very open secret that, that Ludwig enjoyed the company of men as they would've put it back then. Yeah. They, when you were listing out the, the shared loves that he and Empress Elizabeth had, you left one out though they both love Sean Cassidy. Sean Cassidy. What was this one hit? He just had the one, right? I don't know. I don't know. I remember though, they, we were all in love with him. Yeah. He had that great feathered hair.


Me, Ludwig, the whole, all of us. Sure. So like you said, his relationships were, no, it was sort of like one of those open secrets when he had fixers, you know, he was the king. So when something happened, people would, you know, would clean up after him. I think there were men in the stables that he was very fond of and, and perhaps had, you know, physical relationships with one man named Richard Horne, who would eventually be his private secretary. and there was also a groom named Carl Hessel Schwart, who was sort of his traveling valet and apparently wing wingman 'cause would help him find sexual partners.


Right. But anytime something like this would happen, and it got to, you know, sort of the rumors became widespread. Like people would just, and I was about to say people would disappear. They wouldn't like have them snuffed out or anything, but Right. People would be relocated with other jobs and stuff like that. Yeah. And, we know all this because he wrote a lot about this in his diary entries. And, and, and from what I gleaned from it, he would basically pull out all the stops for his dates. Like there'd be champagne and candles and and gifs and stuff like that. Bottle service. Yeah. Basically you gotta do it. Yeah. But also in his diary, very sadly, he was a devout, very pious Catholic.


Yeah. So he had a lot of inner turmoil, but that, that he was conflicted between his religious beliefs and his sexual orientation. And so in that sense, that's like just one leg of the stool that make him a tragic figure. Yeah, absolutely. One thing that we aren't as clear about as far as relationship goes is his relationship to composer Richard Wagner. He was a big, big fan of Wagner since he was a little kid. And once he became King and had means he found Wagner sort of on hard times financially and was able to basically say like, Hey, I love your music.


You're not doing too well, so why don't you let me financially support you. Yeah. And you'll kind of just be like my private entertainer. I mean, you can still go on and make your great compositions, but you can also do these private operas and private concerts here in the court. And it was a mutually beneficial relationship for both of them. Yeah. Heh was considered, Lu Ludvig was considered one of the great patrons of the arts of the 19th century. And he actually made Munich, which was the, the capital of Bavaria, essentially the music capital of Europe during the time. Yeah. And to give you an idea of like what people who were into romanticism, what they talked like in their letters back then.


Yeah. There's a really great quote about Wagner that he wrote to I think his mistress who would eventually become his wife Zuma. He said, he is unfortunately so beautiful and wise, soulful and lordly that I fear his life must fade away like a divine dream in this base world. Hmm. That's great. Yeah. So this is what he is writing to his wife about this new patron he has. And Wagner was into women. He, he had a longstanding affair with the woman, like I said, who had become his wife. But If, you read some of their letters and even taking into account that people expressed friendship much differently than they do today.


Yeah. Between men especially even taking that into account, like the flowery language they would use and just the desperation they would have at being a part, it's still not a hundred percent clear what all went down between Wagner and Ludvig when it was just the two of them hanging out in a castle. Yeah, for sure. There was one quote that Wagner wrote, I think two Ludvig right after they had been, you know, in, in each other's company. He wrote this, how can I find words to describe you? The magic of this hour? I'm in your angelic arms, we are near to one another. So, you know, that reads as you know, possibly something happening there.


And I'm certainly no expert. But was it this you or Olivia that found the L-G-T-B-Q history Writer Olivia Found that guy. Yeah. It's a guy named Richard Norton wrote that their relationship was almost certainly physical though not necessarily genital. So I mean, it, it seems like if that's correct or if that, you know, he's, he's, you know, it's a supposition. But if that's correct, then it may be the case of a, a young wealthy patron who is around his idol. And the idol may be, you know, giving the patron just some extra time and affection to stay in the, in the good graces and to stay funded.


Maybe like, like who knows what happened behind closed doors. But that's at least Richard Norton's take. Yeah. And ultimately it doesn't matter what happened. I think of course the point is, is that Ludwig was a gay icon before there were such things as gay icons and he still is today. It's Just palace intrigue basically. Yeah, Exactly. So from the moment Wagner showed up or was invited to court through Ludwig's death, he was supported by Ludvig financially. And there's, it's pretty widely agreed that had Ludvig not supported Wagner, he probably would not have been able to create a lot of the compositions that he he came up with.


Yeah, for sure. So in that sense, Ludwig II gave the world a lot of Wagner's later work. And if you're familiar with Wagner and his Germanic nationalism, he was also an antisemite. And one of the cool things about Ludvig is he objected to his friend's antisemitism. He didn't just turn a blind eye to it. Oh, nice. Yeah, he was a, he was a great guy. The more I find out about him, the more I just love him. Totally. So the other thing that he was really into, like we kinda mentioned earlier, was architecture, especially Romanticist stuff, sort of Byzantine influences and Roman kind of stuff. Right. Byzantine is Roman, I guess. But he loved to build things.


He loved to take on these big projects even though he did not hunt and was against it. He built a lavish hunting retreat. He built these three palaces that you mentioned earlier. And the UNESCO world heritage sites had this to say of the palaces. The monarch created artificial or alternative worlds in which he could immerse himself in far distant places in past eras. Their main function was to simulate literary and ideal fantasy worlds as realistically as possible using architecture, art, and technology in order to produce an all-encompassing experience. A perfect illusion. Yeah. That says it All. I left it out of this quote, but it also goes on to say he was also a really big fan of Australia.


Right. So they said something, UNESCO said something, they used the word technology. Yeah. And that was part of that historicism that you took something that you loved about the past, but you improved it, you made it better. And part of that was using modern technology. And Ludwig was a eager, enthusiastic, early adopter of new technology, in particular electricity. And he was using this stuff in the 1870s. It's worth pointing out, Edison did not invent the light bulb, but he did produce the, the first best incandescent light bulb that wasn't until 1880. Ludvig was already using light bulbs and electricity in the decade before that.


Yeah. And using them as every lovely outdoor cafe does with like string lights. He had a artificial cave. And this is at Linder hor castle. Right. He had an artificial cave in a lake which had these colored lights everywhere. He eventually would build a recreation of Versailles on a lake island, I believe it's called. Ha. Oh Jesus. This is a tough one. Heron Shimmey palace. But that was it Can't be it, Huh? What do you think it is? I don't know. But that sounds like a town along the Mississippi. It didn't sound German at all. Well, it doesn't look German.


I don't think it's, I don't think it is German. I think it is Heron Heron him, him CI don't, how would you say it? I think I, I liked what you just said. I'm just gonna stick with that. I'm not attempting it. I'm just making fun, that's all. Oh, okay. Nice Work. Thanks. That was never finished, but they did finish some sections, but his most famous, the one that we're gonna kind of focus on is You wanna try it again? Tough guy, New swan stone. No, Feinstein Castle. Which I mean, you gotta look this thing up.


It's, it's unbelievable. I say we take a break and then come back and talk about Nos. Von Stein. Stein Man Stein. No, it is Stein. You're right. Oh, you know, you're just confusing me. We'll be right back.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities. High paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio. And yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Hey, it's Nikki Glaser. I know you guys are getting excited for Monday Night Football. you know I am. Well there is something happening during the game that you have to check out. PayPal seems to be popping up everywhere. Did I mention like everywhere? They may just be in the game on Monday. If it's anything like the PayPal win chime post on Instagram, I saw it's going to be hilarious. You have got to tune in on Monday night on ESPN and see for yourself during the game. PayPal truly is everywhere.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Okay, everybody. So we talked about a couple of other castles, but noon Stein is the one that is most associated with Ludvig. The second, the first one, Linder Hoff was considered this technological amusement park. The other one that you said was like a recreation of Versailles. Stein was the most magical looking recreation of what's called Romanesque architecture that you would just think of essentially as like, it is just like sleeping beauty's castle at Disney World and Disneyland. So much so that he must have been inspired by that.


Are we putting a pin in that or talking about that? We can talk about it. Yeah. I mean, supposedly Walt Disney visited that castle with his wife in the 1950s. And If, you look at the, the main castle there in Disney World. And I guess Disneyland has one too, right? I've never been there. Yeah. It looks a heck of a lot like no Stein. Yeah. And I, I think it, it is a hundred percent certain that he modeled it after that. And If you see it like, even if it wasn't a hundred percent certain, you'd be like, yeah, he totally modeled it after that. Yeah. It looks like a fairytale castle. If, you are not driving right now and you're just sitting around. You have your phone or your computer or a, a full set of sketch artist encyclopedias, or at least the ends look up a picture of no f stein.


It is amazing, breathtaking. It's the, it's the definition of the word breathtaking. Yeah. It is gorgeous. It sits on a, a top of a mountain and like these are the mountains that have those, you know, it looks like the, the castle in frozen. Like it sits on the tiny little peak, not for defense, but he loved the view there. If, you If you look out from the castle, you have the, the beautiful mountain ranges. You have the, it's a very small lake, but the ancy is right there. You can actually see the two castles from the video I saw online was a guy standing on the, the deck, or not the decking, but whatever you would call the, the outdoor areas, The dance floor. Hey, come out to the deck or a patio, The hardscape.


It's gotta be something more grand than those words for what those were. But anyway, what we would call like the outdoor patio Sure. Of Hoen fungal. And right there in the background you can see Noch Feinstein, they're only about a mile from each other. I I, I'm guessing as the crow flies, but it's just a gorgeous scene. Yeah, it really is. I mean, whether it's summer, fall, winter in particular, half of winter with snow on it's Ooh, magical. It's, It's gorgeous. And like we said, Ludvig was a, a, a early adopter of technology. One of the things that he used or his con construction people had to use was steam powered cranes. Yeah.


Because this was not an easy place to build. And it was a pretty massive castle made of very heavy brick and stone. And in addition to that, he had things like an elevator. Yeah. In, in fact, he had an elevator table. So remember we said that he, he enjoyed his solitude. Yes. In in particular, he appreciated dining alone. He didn't even want servants around serving him. So what he would do is sit at the table in his dining room and the table would lower down, I think three stories to the kitchen. The table would be set, all the food would be put on it, and then it would be raised back up for him to dine.


That's how remote he wanted to be from people when he didn't wanna be around people. So I don't call it quite follow that actually Imagine it, it's like a dumb waiter, but the whole table is the dumb waiter. Yeah. But he would be sitting at it when it was doing this. Well, no. So he would stay seated up in the dining room and the table would go down to the kitchen. Oh, okay. Gotcha. And then the table would come back up all set and, and slen it with a feast. And then he in That makes sense. I thought you meant he wrote it down, they set the table with the food and then he wrote it back up. Right. And I was like, that doesn't, I mean that's a lot of fun. Yeah. But that doesn't prevent him from seeing anybody. No, exactly.


We dinner Time. Right. So the throne room was, is pretty impressive. You can, you know, see pictures and videos of all this stuff like full tours online, that was where the Byzantine influence really came in. It has a 13 foot tall chandelier, never had a throne in it. But you know, this stuff is, is as over the top as it gets when you look at pictures and videos. It's really, I mean, it's not my style obviously. And I'm, I've never, like castles are kind of fun. I've toured a couple, none of it aesthetically is like, ooh, that's beautiful to me. Right. But the the ornate qualities of it I can appreciate. Yeah, for sure. And I think photos don't do it justice either.


Especially like interior photos of these rooms, they all just seem garish and gaudy. Yeah. And they are basically by definition. But I'm sure it's much more impressive in person than it is looking at a photo. you know, we should go. Alright. I would totally love to go. I I I've been wanting to go to Germany for a while. Yeah. you know, I mean we're, we're talking about maybe trying to do some like real European tour dates. Oh yeah. At Some point we should do a 10 person show in Germany. Yeah. Oh I bet we could. I bet we could get 500 people in a room in Germany. You're crazy. Alright, well let's talk about some other stuff. We talked about that artificial cave that was pretty amazing. He also had a singer's hall, which was supposedly recreated from part of the varberg, which was a castle where they had American idol.


Essentially it was called the Singer's Creek Singer's contest in 1207. Yeah. Which is right in the wheelhouse of when the, this fantasy era would've taken place. The high Middle Ages from about 1000 CE to 1300 ce. Right? Yeah, Totally. There's also a winter garden, which essentially is a enclosed balcony that looks out, has an amazing view. But the thing that's really notable about that is that they, they're window panes with glass measuring nine feet tall, about three meters, the largest, tallest window panes made in the history of humanity up to that point. Yeah.


Pretty Impressive. Now it's no big deal. But yeah, at the time it was. And then some of the other technology that he employed, he had hot and cold running water. That was not very common back then. What else? No, He had central heat, he had forced air, he had a little electric bell system for his servants ITing. And he had telephone lines even though there was not much, you know, there was no one he could really call. There are very few people he could call, but he did have telephone lines. Apparently it would, it would connect to Hoh Schwan Gao that his childhood castle a mile away. Oh really? Okay. Well that makes sense. Yeah.


He also had flush toilets too. The thing is, is it took forever for this to be constructed. When they broke ground, I think in 1869, he, he estimated to be about three years and it took them longer than that just to build the gatehouse, which is like the first building of this massive castle complex. And that's where he lived while they were building the rest, the palace itself. But he only lived in the palace for about six months Yeah. Before he died. So I think actually as we'll see, the whole thing went unfinished as a matter of fact. But as he was doing this, he grew deeper and deeper and deeper in debt.


And you might be like boo hiss, he used the king's money to bill himself a fantasy castle. That's not correct. No, he did not use public monies. He just went into debt and traded on his family name securing loans, you know, against that royal family name. He also got a loan from OT von Bismarck of Prussia who, you know, helped him out when he could including vouching for him as we'll see later. But he just, you know, he was obsessed with these projects. He kept building these projects. He started another one about a year after New Nos Feinstein, which like you said, wasn't even close to being done. And they were like, alright, this is enough.


We need to get this guy outta here. And this was all like kind of the, the quiet talk, you know, around the court. Right. And, you know, it seemed like by all appearances, he was still doing the, the bureaucratic work of a king. Like I mentioned earlier. He was, he was not so interested in the, the public sort of warring type of stuff and being a big public face. He liked to hide away, but he wasn't like just laying around in a dream world. Like he would, he would keep up with the paperwork and stuff like that, that he had to do, but that wasn't enough. They wanted him out. So in March of 1886, prime Minister Johan von Lutz hired Bernard von Goodin, a very prominent psychiatrist who had already been treating his mentally ill brother Ludwig's mentally ill brother.


And instead of, and this, this guy seemed like a good guy. Like he was against restraints and violence and he wanted to treat patients with dignity and respect and allow them freedoms and stuff like that. Yeah. Very progressive for the time. Super Progressive. But he did not actually examine the king himself. He talked to people around him, sexual partners that he had and stuff like that. Took into account the family diagnoses here and there and came up with his own diagnosis. Right. He did. And to be fair, von Goodin wasn't the only psychiatrist or psychologist who was tasked with preparing this report. Like, but he was the most prominent and in fact he became Ludwig's personal doctor, I guess personal psychiatrist essentially is what it came to.


So three months after he was tasked with this, they released this report and they diagnosed Ludvig with paranoia. Parentheses, madness. Yeah. Essentially saying he, he probably had something like schizophrenia. And then one of the other things about that report is it touched on, but apparently didn't mention explicitly, I hadn't read it, so I'm not quite sure how they put it. But it was definitely in there in not direct terms, the fact that he was gay, a gay king. Right, right. And so I'm sure that by itself, like basically a report from a psychiatrist saying this would've been enough. But the impression I have is it was really the public funds and being indebted to families from other nations Yeah.


On Bismarck. Like that's, that's a big deal. Right. And then if the creditors came after him, he is like, I don't have any money. Ultimately they're gonna turn on Bavaria. And I get, I get the impression that that was what really got them the most Right. And what they were trying to protect against. So three days after that report comes out, they showed up at his doorstep and said, you're under arrest freeze sucker. Yeah. They brought, they brought, was it Pam Greer? Yeah. No, they didn't say sugar. Oh, okay. Yeah, I guess that would've been sugar. They had chloroform, they had a straight jacket. Apparently they didn't have to use the straight jacket. I'm not sure about the chloroform.


But they placed him under arrest, sent him to the castle of Berg. Guten was to care for him basically kind of full time there. And here's where we get to the question of like whether or not he was genuinely mentally ill or just sort of forced out by being in a centric gay young king. Right. Well, he wasn't super young by this point I guess, but in 2013 there was a paper in Germany from some mental health researchers who basically said this, it was an unreliable report that was politically motivated and they were just trying to get him out of there. He was still governing, he was still sort of doing the paperwork and doing the things he needed to do. He had written, in fact Von Bismarck, even vouches for this guy saying that they had exchanged letters right up until the very end where he seemed lucid and was in touch with reality.


Seven years after that, in 2020, just a few years ago, there was another report from another set of German psychiatric researchers that said, actually it's probably pretty well founded. The fact that he was gay may have played a big part for sure, but there's a lot of pretty good evidence here that he had a mental disorder. Yeah. It's, it, you can make a pretty good case based on the contemporaneous reports. Right. Like apparently at, at least once he ordered a dinner for 12 people to be set. And then when he arrived in the dining room, it was just him. And yet he still greeted all of the empty seats before sitting down. He would also talk to a bust of Marie Antoinette quite in depth.


It wasn't like a passing like love you or anything like that. Like he would have conversations with her in French. He also, and this is, this is, this is something he would speak at a fast pace with different ideas mixing together halluc hallucinations and delusions. Yeah. That's A, that's a big one. Right. What else? He, to pay off his debts. At one point he proposed a bank robbery. Pretty good idea. Sure. It says odd dancing and jumping movements. Who knows, file that under whatever. Maybe just fun guy. He, when they threatened his, his to shut down his, his construction projects, basically at one point he threatened suicide and he was, he was nocturnal.


He would, he would be up all night, he would sleep all day. None of these things by themselves like, you know, says aha schizophrenia. But taken altogether, it definitely paints a picture with his family history of someone who, who may have had something legitimate going on. I Don't know, I think the hallucinations and delusions by themself could, could account for it, but they, well he Could have also been taking drugs. Sure. I guess so Royal 19th century drugs, who knows what that is? That's the good stuff. But the 2020 paper, essentially they said he probably could have been diagnosed with schizo type of personality disorder. Yeah. Which is characterized by odd eccentric behavior and few, if any close friends.


And that definitely describes him. So it's possible, but it's certainly, I mean we're, we're diagnosing this guy in the same way that Dr. Guten did, which was based on reports and stuff like that, that the people writing these papers never examined them. So it's not clear and we'll probably never know. Yeah, I think the autopsy report was sort of a big factor. There was findings on the autopsy that showed he had scars on his frontal lobes for meningitis when he was a baby. So that could have been something. Sure. I mean that that will have some sort of effect. Yeah. And like you said, he, he, they performed an autopsy, which strongly suggests that he died.


And so spoiler alert, he did die. He Eventually died. I mean, he was living in the 19th century, so yeah, he was gonna die by now anyway, but he died relatively young at age 41. Another leg of the stool that makes him a tragic figure. And he was, remember they came and got him. Dr. Guten and some, some I guess hired men by the, the parliament came and took him away to Castle Berg, one of his father's castles where he was essentially under house arrest. And then the next day he turned up dead. He and Dr. Guten went on a walk around the castle grounds their second of the day, this one was in the evening and they never came back.


So people went out to look for them and when they did, they discovered them dead floating face down in Lake Sternberg on the castle grounds. Yeah. The, the story was Ludwig wanted to drown himself, made a break for the water. Dr. Guten went after him, they tussled in the water and Dr. Guten was drowned and then the king drowned himself after. There's a lot of hinky stuff the way this went down first. And like, there really only need be one hinky thing in this case really, is the fact that they found them floating. Yeah. Because when you drown, you sink your lungs take on water and, and you know, 10 seconds you can be at the bottom of that lake, maybe a few days or a week later, you might eventually float back up once, like gases are released and stuff like that.


But drowning victims don't float. and there was also no water in his lungs at the autopsy or no foam at his mouth or nose or anything like that. Like he didn't drown. It just seems pretty clear. Certainly Doesn't seem that way. So other people say, well no, he didn't drown. He died from being assassinated. He was shot as was Dr. Guten who just happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. And whoever assassinated Ludvig didn't wanna leave any witnesses. And there's a whole fringe belief that this was a, that that Ludvig was assassinated and this was covered up. And there's supposedly like the diary of a fisherman who was there at the scene who, that he left this confession or description of what really happened after he died.


Supposedly somebody in the same royal family as Ludvig or the Royal House had his coat that he wore that night and it had two bullet holes in it and supposedly she showed it to some other people. All of this stuff. The big problem is it's all second and third hand accounts and all of the evidence that's referenced, the physical evidence, it's gone, vanished, burned up in a house fire, no one knows where it went, whatever. So there's, it's just gonna always essentially remain a fringe theory unless we find like a writing from ot, VN Bismarck talking about how he had lewd v assassinated. We're just probably never gonna know what happened to him.


And there's actually a, a group called the Google Monitor. Did I say that right? Hmm. It's really more like Mena And they're essentially like a, a Bavarian independent society who say not only was Ludvig assassinated that makes everything that came after that illegitimate. Yeah. They said it. You hate Laus, why do you hate Laus? Their reasoning. So that's the thing, one of the, there, there weren't very many people who had good reason to have Lud VI assassinated. He was deposed, his uncle was put in into power and Ludvig had been taken care of, so why kill him? Yeah. And the Google Monitor says that Bi von Bismarck had found out that Ludvig was negotiating with France to help liberate Bavaria from this new German empire so that he could, you know, take his rightful place on the throne again.


And Bismarck was like, we can't have that and assassinated him. So who knows, we'll never know he died at 41. That's one thing we do know. And he very much like you've been saying was a tragic figure. His his bestie there. Empress Elizabeth put some jasmine in his hands in his casket, which is a very sweet thing to do. French poet Verla called him the only true king of this century. And the irony of all this is that Noy Feinstein, which was had had basically not bankrupted him, but put him in dire financial straits and may have led to his alster kind of right after he died, they opened it to tourists and it has made a ton of money since then and continues to.


Yeah, they estimate 130 million people have visited it since they opened it a few weeks after his death. Isn't that nuts? That's pretty great. Also, If, you go to Kessel Berg in Lake Sternberg, there's a cross coming out of the water to mark the spot where his body was found. And he's even more beloved in death than he was in life every August 24th and 25th Fusion, the town nearest the castle celebrates his birthday. So he's kind of a big deal around there, you know? Yeah, totally. Great, great story. I love Ludvig ii. I don't know if I got the point across or not, but he was a tragic figure, Tragic figure.


You got anything else? I'm gonna guess. No, I got nothing Else. Okay. That means everybody, it's time for Listener mail. All right. I'm gonna say this is from Parker and it's about Cher. I'm kind of going to bed for Cher with, with some of her song themes and album titles. Hey guys, hope people aren't too hard on Cher these days for the title Gypsy's Tramps and Thieves. And for the song Half Breed, I was a young child living an apple pie life when those songs were released and they were my first introduction to how unfair life can be. I felt a lot of empathy for the character singing the songs and swore to myself never to make people feel like that.


Cher is awesome. So thanks for that great episode. And you know, that's something that I don't even think we mentioned that there are certain singers who at times have have sung sort of as character in character. My own beloved Billy Joel wrote songs about, you know, seemingly from the perspective of a Vietnam vet or from a long boat, you know, longshoreman and a fisherman. Sure. And Bruce Springsteen. And you know, there's long been a rich history of sort of writing in character and as a character and singing as a character. So that is how Parker took it. And it seems like it imparted a good lesson. Yeah, for sure.


That's a great, great point Parker. Thanks for writing in to point that out. If, you wanna be like Parker and write in to point something out that's very insightful. We love that kind of thing. You can send it off to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash, no fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank see public.com/disclosures for more


Top reasons. Your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio and yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to. Have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Have You boosted your business with Lenovo Pro yet? Become a Lenovo Pro member for free today. And unlock access to Lenovo's exclusive business store for technology expert advisors and essential products and services designed just for you. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo Unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core Ultra processors.