
Hey, friends Toyota has been building for generations from pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress with a legendary lineup of in-stock cars, including the high performance 25 Camry and capable, affordable Corolla. You can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Brought to you by the Capital, One Venture X Card Earn unlimited. two x miles on everything you buy. and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus, receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel Unlock, a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X Card. What's in your wallet terms? Apply Lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.


Tales Welcome to Stuff. You Should Know A, production of iHeartRadio Hey. and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And this is Stuff You Should Know that in way over our heads edition, The help parents understand what their child is doing in their room all day edition. I hope so. But I suspect that more than just parents are gonna Listen to this. And I've never been more nervous about what a group of eight year olds thinks of me than I am right now, because I know I, I know too much about Minecraft.


Like I can go way too deep in it, but I also feel very clearly, I don't know enough to not get hate mail for misspeaking. Yeah, I would Maybe Not dig too deep on this one. 'cause the deeper you go, the more you risk. Oh Yeah. Your olds being mad For sure. But one of the key things about Minecraft is like, it's nothing but rabbit holes. You, you look up one thing and all of a sudden that leads to 10 other things. And those 10 other things lead to 20 other things each. And it's so fascinating how complex and complicated this whole thing is, especially when you understand the actual mechanics of how the, these worlds are built, how they originate, how simple it is.


It's just, I love it. I, I love Minecraft a lot. If I didn't get addicted to things that I like, I would probably start playing Minecraft, but I know that that would ruin my life. Well, I'm glad you're addicted to podcasting with me. I totally am, man. I can't get enough of it. Yeah, I mean, if that wasn't clear all that, that we just said, like this is officially a COA, like this will be a, a broad overview of a very, very, very dense game that neither one of us play. So we're gonna get stuff wrong. We're not gonna dive into things you want us to dive into. So the emails like just prepared to Be Disappointed. Yeah. Like, I can't believe you didn't mention blank. Like just save it.


Yeah. Yeah. And thanks to Ruby, we got a little help. Yeah. We sent some, some questions last night that I guess, you know, will pepper in it if they apply For sure. Yeah. There was a few things that I just couldn't nail down. And. I was like, I'll bet Ruby knows this. And sure enough she did. Yeah. Well maybe, I mean, she doesn't really play anymore. She played And. I'm kind of glad about this. Like Minecraft is a wonderful game and we'll go, we'll go over the benefits of it because there are many compared to most video games, but it's also a game. And we'll go over the pitfalls. It's also a game that can really get under your skin as a kid and, and as an adult I guess.


But what, it's not great if you're a kid and you have other things like schooling to do If. you have a kid that's super, super, super, super into it and she never got that into it. She really enjoyed it. But she's the kind of kid if like, you take it away or if it goes away for a minute, she's like, what? All right, I'll just do something else. Which is, she's just good. She's not gonna give you the satisfaction of punishment maybe. I don't know, honestly, think she just forgets. Oh, cool. Because She was all into the Roblox game, which is a whole other kind of game and like really into it. And as a punishment for something, we, we wiped it off our iPad along with everything else except for music. Like, Were you yelling when you did it?


No, but we just cleaned the iPad free of everything except for podcast and music. And it's like the next day she was like, oh, all right. Whatever. That reminds me. Do you remember Dr. Katz the nineties cartoon with the squiggly lines? Of course. I loved Kaz and Dom Marra was a regular on that. Oh man. He was, He was a great bit. Great. Yeah, he is great. He was talking about how cats just never give you the satisfaction. Yeah. Of like, no matter what you do to 'em, they're not gonna let on that you've bothered them. So like he, he gave the example of throwing a cat through the air and the cat would be like, thanks my man, I wanted to go this way anyway. Never Be so into cats too. So maybe that's it.


Yeah, for sure. But But she says she's part cat. There you go. I think that's what it is, Maybe so that's fine. Yeah, for sure. So I think we should give a little bit of background on Minecraft for people who don't know what Minecraft is, surely, I mean, at the very least, most people walking around know that it's a very, very, very popular video game, right? Yeah. I mean, I think so, and we will get into the history, but at its base, it is a, you know, If, you look at it, it goes counter to a lot of, like, the, the re the way it got popular is just almost astounding in some ways. 'cause it, it goes counter to most video games these days, which try to make things very, very real looking.


And Minecraft is very blocky and pixelated and old school. And it's sort of like an interactive Lego game. It's called the Sandbox game, where you can just go around and, and build things you mine things to craft with. Yeah. I mean, that's the point. And there's plenty of things to do. Like, it's not like there, like nothing happens. Yeah, sure. Like, like you can, because there are so few rules because there's no real point to it. There's not like a game that you like wanna win or conquer or anything like that. Like it's essentially up to the limits of your imagination, what you do in this amazing blocky world.


Yeah. And, and despite those blocks, despite the fact that there, there is no real plot. It is the bestselling PC game of all time. Second to Tetris as the biggest video game in Tetris, by the way that's coming. We need to do, that's got a great story to it. Okay. So we need to do one of those. But yeah, it's, it's one of the all time Giants And it was created by a not very good dude named Marcus with a k person of Sweden. AKA notch. Yeah. And he was a coder from way back, like, he taught himself on a Commodore 1 28, which came out in 1985.


Not quite sure how old he was when he was working on it, but just suffice to say like, that's like you really had to understand code to code with one of those things. Right. So he was like a, a a game developer or coder from, from the outset essentially. And he got a couple jobs at some of the big game companies in Sweden and he was working at one of them, I think it was king.com, when he was inspired to kind of create his own game. And he was playing a game called Infin Miner, right. Am I saying that right? Like Infinity Minor, but without the T part. Yeah. Okay. And essentially you mine resources and you build stuff with these blocks that you, mine, it's a mining game essentially.


Sounds very familiar. And he's not like shy about saying like, this was a, a copy a, a spoof basically of Infin miner. but it was also inspired by some other games like one called Dwarf Fortress, which is really simple, but the, all of the characters involved and all of the non-player characters kind of have their own drive and decisions. So a lot of random stuff can happen in there. And then also Roller Coaster Tycoon where you could just build your own, well, rollercoasters. So If, you put all those three, three things together. You have kind of the rough outlines of Minecraft, which he really started releasing I think in 2009.


Yeah. And I. You know, I went down a 22nd rabbit hole of, 'cause once I looked up Infin Miner, And I was like, wait a minute, did he just like, literally kind of steal that game? And, that is a rabbit hole that I was loathed to go down because I found myself on Reddit. And it's just like, it's very contentious of people who are like, yeah, he totally stole that game and ripped it off. And people are like, no, he didn't. He was inspired by it. So I, I'm not wading into that argument. Sure. Probably not. You, you can make up your own mind about that. Right. But yeah, however, however it came out, he released it in 2009 and people just dug on it very, very quickly.


I think That was the alpha version. Yeah, the beta Version. Not like the main release. No, the the, and he was like, he just put the word out there and I think he actually started charging people $13 for just to play the alpha version. But he was also getting lots of feedback and like blogging about it and everything. The whole thing was this side gig and, but little by little it kind of moved his main gig like Alf to the side itself. And then until it was like I can actually support myself with Minecraft, I'm quitting my day job. Yeah. Which finally in 2010 he founded the company Swedish for Gadget. It's Mojang.


M-O-J-A-N-G-I almost said G with a couple of coworkers a name. And here's where, I don't know whether to say Jacob or Yakub. It's, it's not Jacob or Jacob, it's Jacob. It's Pappi. No, it really is Jacob. What was wrong with Pappi? I didn't read that email closely enough. It's Pap Paloma. Oh, And I knew that And I heard you saying it, but I was just like, I guess he knows something. I don't know. 'cause that was such a wild stab. I just figured you were ahead of me. You Just found it so enchanting. Anyway. You said it is Jacob, I forgot already. Jacob Ja, Jacob, Jacob Porter and Carl Manna.


M-A-N-N-E-H. They hired some people. They had a gaming company all of a sudden. And the beta version came out not too long after. And they went over a six month period at the beginning of 2011 to July of that year. They went from a million players to 10 million in that short time officially launching in November, 2011 at Mind Con, which was a, it's still an ongoing event. I think they do it online now, but for a while it was a live event in Vegas called Minecraft Live. Yeah. I think they held, they held the 2015 one in London And. it set the record for the largest attendance of any convention in the history of humanity.


I think it's Big stuff everybody, It's huge. I mean it is enormous. I didn't see a, any statistics on like what percentage of the world plays it, but I did see that at, at any point in time there's as many as like 30, 40, 50 million people playing it at the same time. Not necessarily altogether. 'cause as we'll see there's different ways to play it by yourself or with other people. But If, you just were able to zoom out and look at what everybody in the world's doing. 30 million of them would be playing Minecraft at that moment. Ooh boy. So starting in 2011, there was a man named, or and still is named Yinz, Jeb Bergenson as lead designer, watched a few interviews with this guy.


Is it pronounced Yinz? It is definitely Yinz. Okay. But it's also Jeb and not Yeb. Okay. It's getting very confusing notch. Stayed on on the Minecraft team, but you know, was basically sort of letting Yins run the show. It seems like as far as being in the weeds, he was developing other games Notch was, and you know, kinda living the high life. 'cause he got very wealthy very quick. Yeah. One of the first things he did was buy himself a fedora, which became kind of like a trademark look for him. Sure. And he started just basically joined the International Party set and was like, how much, how much money does it cost to get in here?


Yeah. They're like, you've got, you got enough. Come on in. So that's How he, so we don't mind it. Exactly. Right. So he kind of got, I got the impression that he was not, not just distracted by this newfound wealth and all the stuff he could do with it, but that he was not really interested in, in seeing a game, like becoming a, a massive globally dominating blockbuster and all the work that takes and coordination and all that. He was more interested in developing games. So he stepped away, like you said, and handed it over to Jeb. And then when Microsoft came a calling in 2014, apparently Notch tweeted, who does anybody wanna buy my share of Mojang because I'm ready to move on with my life.


Apparently. Like all these companies were like, yeah, we totally will And that supposedly set up that Microsoft deal for two and a half billion. And at that point he's like, I'm, I'm completely gone now. Yeah. Forbes had him as of like last week at about a $1.2 billion net worth And. that seems pretty reliable. Not like the the stupid celebrity net worth websites. Right. Not too shabby for somebody who wears a fedora in public. Yeah. Yeah. And he, you know, he, he stayed sort of associated with the game in the company for a long time. Even after the Microsoft purchase, well, not that long, about five years-ish when they basically stopped referencing him on the loading page in 2019.


Stopped inviting him to their Minecraft parties, like their 10th anniversary anniversary celebration. Yeah. He turned Into Hooper Humperdink. Yeah. Basically he, he started letting everyone know his, his thoughts about Q anon and, and far right wing politics and homophobic things and transphobic things and sexist and misogynist things. It was sort of a greatest hits of that kinda guy. And he went public with all of it and issued some pretty, pretty lame apologies for some of it. But yeah. So that's what happened and that's who he is. Yeah. So Minecraft just kept going on without him.


And I from what I can tell, like when Jeb took over, is he still the lead game designer? Like essentially a showrunner for Minecraft? I think so, but I'm not positive. But I'm pretty sure he is. Like it really, even if he stopped like a couple years ago, that game really flourished under his like oversight. Like he, he's really creative also really And I think Na was willing to do this too, but Jeb was or is really willing to be like, hey, some player, some random person somewhere came up with this amazing yeah. Invention. We're gonna actually release it as a update or add-on or something to the game. Like there he, and it's just, it's a really creative, flourishing game still because of that guy from what I can tell.


Yeah, totally. So there are three modes and this is the, the regular un moted version. 'cause as you'll learn, you can modify it all in all kinds of, you know, creative kind of crazy ways. Yeah. Or vanilla mode. But if you're playing just that regular version that my daughter plays on the, the PlayStation, you can play in survival mode, hardcore mode or creative mode, Right? So survival mode is like the, the kind of like the where the game part comes in. Like you can actually die. So you're doing all of the interesting stuff that you do in Minecraft that we will, you know, talk about more extensively, but there's zombies attacking you or there's creepers coming up and blowing themselves up and and hurting you.


Or you can drown underwater, fall off a cliff. And when that happens, all of the stuff that you've gathered that make up what's called your inventory, all the things you can use to make other stuff, all the stuff you've made out of other things already that you want to use to like extend your life or jump high or whatever. You lose all that. It actually stays in the location that you died at in Minecraft world. And, but you are teleported back to either where you started the game or your bed. If you've made yourself a bed, And, I saw that If, you can get there within five, like our reality minutes, five minutes in our reality, you can go pick up your stuff again.


but it, it can be very hard to do if you're really far away from your bed. That's right. And what happens is you start basically with nothing If, you are a parent and you've wandered through And it looks like, what is that blocky pixelated thing? Like punching everything for, that's the gameplay. You start with nothing and you basically go at the very beginning and you punch a tree to get some wood and what you're doing is, you know, you're getting resources to build stuff so you just keep punching and digging things and finding new things and then, and transforming them into, I mean all kinds of things from, you know, farms to animals to buildings and oceans and rivers and you know, you're building, you're literally building your world as you go.


And all the modes, from what I can tell you got hardcore mode is next. But you If, you If you die. Like the, the game is over. Which is kind of a bummer I guess. Yeah. Because I mean like you can get really far and develop a lot of stuff. So when you're walking around, like punching stuff, like punching a tree, you're punching a tree to get wood and when you collect some wood you can actually turn it into say lumber and If. you combine that lumber with something else you've gotten. I don't remember why I think wool from a sheep. Sure. You put it together, you build yourself a bed. It's one of the first things you're supposed to do. You're supposed to build a shelter and make a bed in your shelter. And the reason why you wanna make a bed is because If, you die in survival mode.


You basically, it's called re spawning. You wake up, you're teleported back in your bed to start over. The problem is all of that stuff that you've accumulated, all the lumber and all the wool and all the things that you can make by combining those things, they make up what's called your inventory. And your inventory can get pretty extensive. The longer you stay alive and play and do stuff in the, in the Minecraft world and you lose all that stuff, it's gone. It's actually physically in the Minecraft world where you died and If, you could make it over there in time after you respawn you could pick that stuff up. but it can be really hard if you're really far away. And then with hardcore mode, like all that's just gone forever.


You have to start the game over completely. And the reason that I know that that's true is because Ruby answered that question. Yeah. That was actually the funniest answer. 'cause you said, Hey If, you die in hardcore mode. It's like, is that, it's everything gone that you've ever built? And she said, yeah, it's hardcore Josh. She doesn't play that mode though. She plays the third mode. Yeah. Almost exclusively. I think when she plays, which is creative mode. And this is the super cute, fun one that when you see your, you know, seven and 8-year-old daughter playing, you're like, this is the greatest game ever. Because I sat down with her one day and watched and she's just like, oh look, this is my farm and this is my garden and these are my sheep and this is my animal pen and this is my house.


And look, I've got a pool on the top floor and I've got a deck and it's just really creative and super sweet and fun. You can fly in creative mode like If, you want to get up to the top of your thing, you can fly up there. And the best thing is you can't be harmed. There's no zombie coming to kill you. No. Yeah. You just do fun stuff like you said farm. And it's not like, oh, oh I built a farm and now this farm's running. Like you build the farm and then you have to operate the farm to keep it. Heck yeah. It's, it's like, it's just amazing and neat. All the stuff that you can do in this game. It's just crazy. And we'll, we'll talk about some of the just the mind-boggling stuff that people make.


But one of the cool things about it is you can build this world by yourself or you can work with others, play with others, you people in your house using a local area network or there's Minecraft servers to where you're building a world together and like other people can come in and walk around your world and hang out with you and sometimes mess with you in your world too because it's a giant shared world. Whereas there's also another version, which I take it Ruby was playing where that is like, that's your world. Nobody else can come in because it's just on that one computer. It's not being shared with the rest of the world. Yeah. And we just didn't know enough about it and said, that's the only version you can play.


Because the last thing I wanted was some, you know, you know, I know I don't, I don't want her meeting those people. So I'm sure there's a lot of fun that can be had on those, you know, multiplayer private server games. I'm I'm sure it's great in most ways. Yeah. There are some very cool versions of that. There's one called Pixel Minecraft where you, they have recreated the gameplay of Pokemon within the Minecraft world, which is super cool. Yeah. And some of these are like full on companies. Olivia found this and boy God bless Olivia for the, the breadth of things that she helps us with. Yeah, for Sure. It's like how about philosophy and then Minecraft, Right?


But there's one called High Pixel, which has like 40 developers on staff and got bought themselves by Riot Games, one of the big companies in 2020. And you know, these are all just modifying this game that was so popular already. It's really, really kind of nuts. Yeah, I I would say a cottage industry has grown up around it about like 50 different cottage industries have grown up around it with a bunch of different companies in each that high pixel. To give you an example, they make like games you can play in the Minecraft world. Yeah. So like, there's one called Sky Block where you start out on just a little patch of ground floating in the sky with a single tree and a couple of resources.


And you have to build your way out of that. You have to expand it with way more limited resources than you would get normally there's a one called Bed Wars where your point is to like destroy your friend's bed so that they can't, they can't respawn in their bed again. They have to go back to where That's pretty funny. Where they started the game's funny. Yeah, it's, it's fun stuff. But that's on their server and they mi, they modified Minecraft and the makers of Minecraft Moj don't sue those people because Yeah, you put it all together and it's this, it's almost like the Wikipedia of games where the entire world has collaborated on making this amazing game that is Minecraft.


I wonder if, because he so heavily borrowed, let's say from Infinity Miner or Infiniti miner that he was like, eh, maybe I'll just sit, sit back and be super wealthy and not worry about these people. They're doing this stuff Maybe. But also the mind boggling thing is now Microsoft owns it and they don't sue other people. Yeah, well We create Good Point. It's, Yeah, it's nuts. There's something weird going on here man. Alright, well let's take a break and we'll be right back to talk about who, who the heck is playing this game and more about the world right after this


Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. Artesian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now Barian is having a huge site-wide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year or the right kind of bad, get them barian at the push of a button, make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds, all for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker. When you spend 400 through Cyber Monday, visit artesian.com/cocktail. That's BAR com slash cocktail.


When you're hiring for your small business, you wanna find quality professionals that are right for the role. That's why you have to check out LinkedIn Jobs. LinkedIn Jobs has the tools to help find the right professionals for your team faster and free. That's right on LinkedIn. 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. Hire professionals like professionals on LinkedIn. Yeah. LinkedIn knows that small businesses are wearing so many hats that they don't have the time or resources to hire. So LinkedIn is constantly finding ways to make the process easier. They even just launched a feature that helps you write job descriptions, making the process even easier and quicker. LinkedIn does all that while making the process easy and intuitive. No wonder two and a half million small businesses use LinkedIn for hiring. So post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash sy, SK 23, that's LinkedIn dot com slash syk 23 to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


Hey everybody, I want to talk to you a little bit about Peloton because once you take a Peloton class, you're gonna quickly realize that you're in for a real challenge. Yeah, thanks. In part to the challenging expert instructors, Peloton instructors are no joke, they're military trained sub three hour marathon running, ex-college athletes who really know how to push you towards your power. That's right. There's so many challenging programs to choose from. Peloton has a few seasoned marathoners with tread programs to help you get ready for race day and their custom strength workouts for the gym keeps you on track to push your limits every single time. Peloton has the training programs you need to push yourself and they offer pace targets as well that are detail oriented and allow you to tailor your workouts to your specific goals. So find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


So there's a lot of video games where you pay a monthly subscription fees. Sometimes you'll, you'll like buy the game but then also subscribe monthly to get extra stuff or whatever. Sure. New additions of the game, things like that. But Minecraft has always been pretty great in that you buy the game and that's it. You own the game, the game is updated for free. The updates just roll out. A lot of games do that as well. It's not the only one, but it was sort of the core business model, which is you buy this game and whether it's PC or PlayStation or whatever, and that's your game for forever, you've got that Minecraft game and kids can grow into adulthood like playing the same game that you, you know, insert the disc into the player.


Right. So there are other, there's like in-game purchases and add-ons and stuff you can buy. I think the big hub hub that I picked up on is that a SpongeBob bikini bottom biome is coming along I think in August. So you can play as the bottoms SpongeBob and yeah, it'll, it, it looks like it's gonna be pretty cool. There's other like things called textures, which take this, the, the very standard like recognizable Minecraft look and do all sorts of things to it. Some make it way smoother, some add different kinds of shading. There's one called Pastel that changes the color palette and makes it much pinker and happier.


There's just a ton of stuff you can get an add-on that like is a, it, it just, you're, it's a mansion. Like you're, you don't have to build it yourself. It's just now you can buy a mansion rather than build it. Which seems counterintuitive over counter against the point I guess. But I'm sure some kids are like, I just wanna buy the mansion and farm instead. I don't wanna waste my time building my mansion. You're rabbit holding. Sorry. But yes, my point is there's, there are stuff you can buy, but a lot of that stuff is free too. A lot of the mods are free. Yeah. Yeah. It, it's hard to get great statistics on who's playing it, but Libya did found a survey from, geez, like seven years ago from Australia where fif and you know, I bet it's pretty indicative of, of who's playing worldwide.


Hmm. 54% of boys ages three to 12 were playing at 32% of girls and all Of them raised on Fosters beer And early on it started out as as more sort of young adult men or or older teenagers. but it has since crept down in age and I'm sure you know, people of all ages still play it, but you know, it's a game that a a a 4-year-old can kind of start playing if they're good with their f There are two different default players from the early years. Steve, well he was the only default player in the early years. And then in 2014 they added Alex, they added a, a man and a woman and then they rolled out seven more in 2022 with different outfits and different skin tones.


But you can skin your character, you can create the stuff yourself. And I believe you can probably buy stuff and get skins that other people have created to make your player look more like you want them to look. Yeah. There's or they be More like You. Even like there's clowns, Japanese demons, scarecrows, there's a lot of cool skins out there for sure. You just stopped yourself. I know you Yes, I did things on that list. So I guess we should talk about the fact that, and, and this is another really cool part of it. When you, when you start out, you know I said you start out like, and you just punch that tree, you start out with one chunk of landscape that is a 16 by 16 block, square block.


And once you reach those edges, you start creating, like you build as you go and it's procedurally generated as you go. And eventually if you're asking like, is there even a limit? Yes. 60 million blocks per side, which is seven times larger than the Earth's surface. Yeah. If you, If you consider a block square kilometer of earth. It is, it's about half the size of Neptune and twice the size of earth. Isn't that nuts? Yeah. That's just one world. So I read this amazing post by a guy named Alan Zoni called the World Generation of Minecraft. I'm going to just dance just along the top of it, but If, you're at all interested in how the actual world is generated and it's quite fascinating and go read that.


But essentially what they start with is what's called a seed. It's 64 bits of information, right. Which is nothing that's so small, but just following a couple of algorithmic rules. The whole world generates from there. And because these 64 bits are, you know, slightly different in each seed there's something like 18.4 quintillion possible worlds that can develop from a seed. There. There's that, that's how many seeds are possible out there. Right. Well tell 'em what a seed is. So a seed is that 64 bits that create the world. And when you have a game like Ruby's game where she, she bought that game, she bought a seed.


So if she Oh I bought it. Okay, well sorry. Her dad bought it for her. Yeah. And so if she started over when she started the game, every time that same world is gonna be built. 'cause it's the same information following the same rules. So it's gonna build the same world. But if she went and bought another one, the seed that that it grew from would create a totally different world And. it follows these really simple rules. Like if the temperature is this and the altitude is this, this is the biome, it's going to create like a desert or a tundra or a forest or something like that. And so if you've created a forest biome now in this spot, that means it's gonna have trees and certain kinds of animals running around.


If it's underwater, what's the water temperature? And depending on the water temperature, there's gonna be different animals in that biome too. And it's just following, like if then rules that create a world from 64 bits, it's nuts what they've, they've done. And the other thing about it too is people play this so much that they'll actually go out and buy another copy because they know that world so well. Can you imagine, Can't you just start over? You can with another, but it's gonna be the same world. That's what I'm saying. Oh no, I mean as a different character or something. I mean yeah you could start over but you're gonna be exploring the same world that you did, you know, before you could buy another copy and it's gonna be a totally different world.


Oh I thought If you started over as a new, like if I logged in as me in her game, I could just start as whatever I wanted. No, because it's the same seed. Yeah. You Could be a different character skin it or whatever, but The world Could be the same. I mean start from scratch. Yeah. The world will still be the same 'cause it's growing from the same seed. I should probably caveat this that this is Alan Zoni talking. I'm just, I'm just amplifying what he's saying. Well let's talk about those biomes. They're 64 biome types, 53 in the overworld, which is where, you know, that's sort of the, the main gameplay area. And then they have a couple of other areas, the nether, which was added in 2010, which is pretty scary.


Like hellish place. And then the the end, which is, that was in 2011. That's a very, very dark, very bleak place. A very bleak landscape. It's kinda metro. Yeah you can, you can actually win that game If, you defeat the ender dragon. But I believe there are 53 biomes in the overworld. Five in the nether, five in the end. And then one that I didn't completely understand. So I'm not even gonna get into it. but it gets really, really detailed. Like you said, you know, If, you go to the ocean and the water temperature is this, this like, there are nine oceans you can do like warm water, ocean, frozen ocean, cold water, ocean.


Right. It just, and you know the different forests, you, you can drill down very, very specifically within those 64 biomes, which is like only lends to the creativity. I think kids can just, not only are they like being creative, but they're, they're learning something about these biomes For sure. You know, maybe not the most detailed stuff, but they know that hey, in this kind of biome, these are the plants and trees that you'll have. Right? There's kids walking around that are like, yeah, If, you go under the ocean, you'll find abandoned cities that the ancient builders created. That's what they're learning. Chuck Mobile entities is another thing.


Or mobs. These are like the animals and the monsters and stuff. When they're killed they can drop things that you can pick up. Sometimes you can tame them, they If, you get updates. These mobs expand, I think they're more than 75 now. But the things I've seen walking through the room are like sheep and pigs and things like that. Those were the, the first animals kind of created that you can use that you can, you know, get wool from them. If, you wanna make that bed, you're gonna have to get that wool from that sheep. Right. So, and you talked about different biomes having different animals and one of the reasons to go to the biomes is not just to explore new cool things, but you can get different things outta different mobs.


Right? So If, you went to a warm water ocean, you would find puffer fish and If. you get a puffer fish and you combine it with something else. I don't remember. You can create a potion that will let you breathe under water so you can walk around and explore under water. So everything that you encounter, that's a mob, which is essentially another term for a non-player character. You can get something from and you can combine it with other stuff that you got from other mobs or from punching a tree or from digging up ore with your pickax to create new things to do new stuff with. That's what people are doing when they're playing Minecraft. One of the other things that you can find are zombies. It's a very big part of the game.


They are kinda like most zombies, they're pretty easy to take care of in defeat. They're different variations of zombies. Creepers are kind of a fun mob because creepers were are a mistake. I believe that, what's the guy's name again? Marcus person. Yeah. He was trying to make a pig, but he coated it wrong. And, it stretched out tall instead of wide. And he thought it looked creepy. He liked it. And so creepers became a, a very sort of popular monster in the game because he just said, I love that mistake, let's leave it. And they're considered hostile mops, right, because they'll attack you. Yeah, yeah.


And they, but they do that by blowing up, I think we said earlier. Yeah. There's also something called enderman, which is kind of a play on slenderman. and there are these creepy entities that may or may not attack you depending on whether you look at 'em or not. Yeah. So there's like a, there's definitely like gameplay to this, right? Like there's like you can go off and like defeat these things and fight them and protect villages and stuff like that. But there's also like, you can also just farm and once in a while you have to defend your farm against some zombies or something. Yeah. You'll also come up on vi villagers and villages where they live and these, you know, look like they don't look like they look like humans I guess, or their version of humans.


Right. And you can get things from them, you can trade with them. They have different jobs. You can change their job. If, you want to If, you need like food or something. You can make them unemployed by destroying their job and then giving them a new job. Then all of a sudden you got somebody giving you food. Right, exactly. And you like, it's just crazy that like people have village farms essentially where they're breeding villagers to make them stuff that they want. It can get really, really complicated really fast. But in the most basic version you're just, you know, trading with the villagers, giving them, you go get emeralds and you come bring them to the villagers and they give you food or wool or something like that. Yeah.


And you know, you learn where to look for different things that you need. Like If, you want coal, you know, you can dig down not too deep leaf for coal If, you want this thing called red or, or If you want like diamonds. You gotta deep dig really, really deep to find the diamonds just like the real world. And then Livia pointed out this thing called Redstone, which was, I believe it was an update to the alpha. So it's been around basically from the beginning, but it has a lot of different kinds of functions. but it mainly functions like electrical wire so you can build and automate things. Yeah, it gives, it makes things go and powers them, right? Like everything from pistons to doors opening to whatever people make crazy machines using Redstone.


There's a kid who made a functioning calculator by arranging Redstone and other items in a certain way. Like he made a calculator in Minecraft. And it's kind of one of those things you have to see to really understand how crazy that is. But that's really, it's neat. And I think it'd be, I don't know how well the game would work at all if there wasn't such a thing as Red Stone or If. you know, you could just make things work just by pressing them. Right. Rather than having to go mine Redstone and using it to make the specific thing work this specific way. That's how, That's the point though, you know? Yeah. That's how detailed it involved It is because of choices like that in the development. Totally. Should we take our second break? Sure. Alright, We'll take that break and we'll talk about how this is sort of taken over YouTube as well, right?


For this Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. Artesian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now Barian is having a huge site-wide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year, or the right kind of bad, get them barian at the push of a button, make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds. All for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker. When you spend 400 through Cyber Monday, visit artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S IA n com slash cocktail.


Running a small business is complicated. There are, I don't know, dozens of software programs that you need. And they're all so expensive and since they come from different companies, they don't always play nice with one another. But what can you do? Right? Odoo? That's what Odoo has. All the software business owners need. We're talking CRM, sales, accounting, literally every kind of software. And it's all on one platform. So it works together and it's quality software so you're not sacrificing, it's just a better experience than a hodgepodge of programs. I mean, you'd expect to pay a premium for it, right? But that's the most amazing part about Odoo. This interconnected suite of business software costs less than the mishmash of disconnected programs you're currently using less. So my question is, why spend more on programs that are less efficient when Odoo simple software platform can handle everything for a fraction of the price? Discover how Odoo can take your business to the next level by visiting Odoo dot com. That's ODO o.com.


Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a renewed commitment to progress. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of trucks in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out the ultra rugged new Tacoma built for off-road adventure or everyday practicality or test drive a heavy duty half ton tundra decked out with modern tech and comfort with a haul anything attitude. And both Tacoma and Tundra are available with the I Force Max hybrid powertrain giving your truck more power than ever before. Quality, reliability, efficiency, that's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Okay, Chuck, so you mentioned YouTube And, that is basically the official outlet for Minecraft. That's where Minecraft pours out into the rest of the world. Yeah. You know, we'll go over some of the ways YouTube is utilized it. It's very, very, I mean YouTube is full, full, full of Minecraft stuff. But one of the things that sort of alarmed me and kind of disappointed me Hmm. With this and Roblox is that kids will just sit around watching people play this game. Yeah. On YouTube. Yeah. Sometime it's like to learn how to do things, but with Ruby and her friends, I will see them just sitting around and watching it instead of playing it.


And I'm always like, as a parent, I'm like, oh God, can you, you know, can you play the game and like get involved and you know, but I try to pick my battles and just limit it, you know? Well they've really turned things around on their head. If you're like, man, can you please play the video game? Seriously, it used to be can you go outside now? It's like, can you play the video game rather than watch other people play? Yeah, That's a good point. That's how far we've slipped. I get it though. It's like essentially she's watching a, an unscripted TV show or movie or something like that. Very. and there are people that do that. There's something called Survival multiplayer channels. There's one called Dream SMPI think they disbanded, but essentially they had loosely scripted story arcs that they acted out in Minecraft world as like kind of fictionalized versions of themselves.


Like our Stuff You, Should Know TV show. and there were just plots that that took place and people would watch YouTube videos of these essentially shows created in Minecraft. Yeah, there's a one guy named PewDiePie, P-E-W-D-I-E-P-I-E. It's got 111 million subs and is a very, very, very wealthy man. Yeah. He was one of the first like genuine YouTube stars. I think he was as big as it got for a while and Then, and good for him. I'm not knocking it by the way. He, He was toppled by an, I think a Bollywood record label.


There was a competition. He was A 4-year-old from Taiwan. Right, exactly. Who opened Minecraft Lego gift sets. Yeah. But yeah, so PewDiePie got very, very wealthy just essentially from starting out from playing Minecraft videos. And you said people watch people playing Minecraft, they'll watch speed runs, see how fast they can go. There's parody music videos set in the Minecraft world. Like I think it's one of those things where like you can't get enough Minecraft once it gets under your skin to where if you're like, I don't feel like playing today, I'm gonna watch somebody else play And that will satisfy that itch. Yeah. And you know what, now that I've said that, save your emails everyone because Yes, at home I used to sit around and watch my friends play adventure when they played And.


it was their turn. And I would hover over the shoulders of my friends at arcades and watch them play the games. So we did the exact same thing. And I, take it all back. Yeah. But that's a little different because you're sitting there like willing your friend to hurry up and die so it can be your turn, you know? Yeah. That's, it's a little different. Sure. Yeah, you're, You're up next. That's the reason. And what else are you gonna do? You know, you're on your eighth Orange Julius, you're not gonna go get another one of those, so you might as well stand around and watch Yeah. And your quarter sitting there flat on the, on the screen of the arcade game. So you're definitely next. Oh man, those were the days. What else? You wanna talk about the Laura at all or move on?


Yeah, well I mean I think it's kind of cool in that if If you have a world like this, you're gonna, you're gonna get some stuff like fan fiction. Even though technically Alex and Steve are sort of, until they release the other ones, we're the only two kind of characters. So it's, you know, it's a little weird to have fan fiction about these two blocky people that really have that, you know, nothing about personality wise. Sure. Or I guess that's the point of fan fiction. They've also come up with this stuff, this sort of like fan fiction, you know, where you talked about the ancient builders. Like they, they created this backstory sort of, of the ancient ones who, who created the original structures in the game and like, where did they come from? So like the, the creativity is really off the charts, you know?


Yeah. It's, yeah. Yeah. That's the thing about it is we'll see like one of the big benefits of it for kids but also for anybody is that it really gets your imagination and creativity going along with some other stuff too. What About Hero Brian? Hero O'Brien is a legendary character from what I, I saw Notch said unequivocally that Hero O'Brien doesn't exist. Yeah. I saw it in Minecraft world. There was a four chan post from years back where somebody claimed to have encountered Steve, but it was Steve with all white eyes and he was a weirdo doing weird stuff following him around the Minecraft world. Yeah. And that became the legend of hero, Brian this, this character that supposedly is the ghost of Nots dead brother.


Right. But nots like I don't even have a brother. I have a half brother I've never met. So no, there's no hero. Brian, sorry to, to bust that bubble. Yeah. And I I believe like in mods and things, people have created that kind of stuff. But in the official Minecraft game there, there never has been one. Even though people swear that they've come across Hero wrote Brian Ex. Exactly. Yeah. So there's a lot of ways that you can modify Minecraft yourself again. One of the cottage industries is creating editors to let Minecraft players modify the game to their own specifications. To let them do things like, you know, jump really high in survival mode or fly or whatever you want to do.


But one of the things that people have done is build stuff with or without modifications. And the more, the less you modify, the more impressive your build is, is what they're called or builds. For example, one kid named at Atmospheric Beats, This is incredible. Who, who may or may not be Travis Hicks. I found a YouTube video and a Reddit post. Who's that? I can't, I can't imagine There's too many people running around making one-to-one scale models of Kansas City in Minecraft. Either way there is a one-to-one scale model of Kansas City every building, every tree, every street, and you can go inside every building.


It's just completely true to life. In Minecraft. Somebody built that. I want that for Atlanta. 'cause I would have fun running around there. Well, there's a whole group called Build the Earth where people around the world are creating like faithful to life. Yeah. Recreations of buildings. The, the point is to recreate every building on earth. So you can do that. Okay. Maybe have one day it gets even cooler if you're like, all right, Kansas City one-to-one scale model, not bad scale model of the entire Earth. Hmm. Not pretty impressive. There's an 18-year-old, this is a couple years ago, so I guess he's 20 ish now.


A YouTuber named Christopher Slayton. I think his real name is Chris Dal or the other Way. I think you Got that backwards probably the other way. I thought Slayton was the made up thing. Not daal Slayton. If it was like slay to maybe Yeah, I had that reverse. But he made a model of the observable universe. Did you see the video of this? Of I did. Of his explanation. Yeah. He, it wasn't like he was like, oh, I'm gonna draw this in Minecraft the kid did the physics required to create the models of the universe. I mean like everything from like nebula to galaxies to the sun. Like you can zoom into pixels on the sun.


It's just one of the most impressive things I've ever seen in my entire life. Would that be a photon? I guess so. It'd be a one kilometer square photon If all that wasn't cool enough. In 2020, the group Reporters Without Borders started a project called Uncensored Library. And this, this is amazing in places like Saudi Arabia and Russia where the real news is like censored or, or you don't have access to these news sites. They are burying news inside the Minecraft world because you can play Minecraft there. Yeah. They, they write books or they create books that have these articles in them.


Isn't that Cool? Just unbelievably cool. There's another thing too. I mentioned a kid who made a calculator. You can arrange these red, this red like ore basically and make things into logic gates on off if then that kind of stuff. And If, you make If, you arrange different logic gates together. You can create computers and there was somebody who created a computer that plays Minecraft in Minecraft like you. Wow. Go onto Minecraft, go over to that computer and play Minecraft on that computer that exists only in Minecraft. I just wanna make sure it's totally clear what I'm saying here. That's And. it actually works. That's really interesting. It's not some, it's not a drawing.


It's like it's operating on logic gates that they created with arrangements of Redstone or Incredible. So let's talk about this because I think it's pretty clear, Chuck, that there are a lot of benefits to playing this. Like yes, it would be really easy for a kid to become addicted And. that really can happen. And I've seen that that actually is a, an actual thing and you have to look out for it. But there's also some real benefits to this to, to playing this, especially as a kid. Yeah. I mean, you know, if you're a parent, keep an eye on your kid. Monitor their, their, how long they're playing this game because it, it is great. And we're gonna talk about the benefits for sure. But like, if they don't wanna do anything but Minecraft and if it seems like they're never satisfied with the amount that they're playing and they're lying about their playing and if they don't have it, they're, you know, experiencing, you know, the withdrawal symptoms of, of anything else and they're grumpy and irritated or depressed, like seriously get involved because it's a real danger.


The benefits, you know, we've been talking about how creative it is. It's not only is it gonna encourage you to just use your creative brain, but your problem solving, you're using math, you're working with other people like teamwork, potentially learning to code. Like they're, this is the one game I believe I asked Hodgman 'cause I knew his son played And. I was like, Hey, is this Minecraft thing? And he was like, that's kinda the one game that it's, it's okay for kids to start playing because it's got like plenty of good benefits. Yeah. And even more esoteric stuff. They like managing resources. Like, it's not like the kid's like, oh, I'm learning to manage resources. This is great. Just by virtue of playing Minecraft, you have to learn to manage resources. You have to keep up with your sheep and make sure that they're breeding so that you can get enough wool.


Like, like you have to know what to use, where, where to go get it. And then how to use it smartly so that you can get the most out of it. Like that's a huge part of playing Minecraft and that's a great thing to learn. It also teaches kids to like focus on a goal, you know? Yeah. Well you wanna raise some sheep. I know I keep going to that. Well, but it's a good one. You have to go, you have to farm the food to feed the sheep and then you have to shear the sheep to get the wool and then you use the wool that do God knows what with, and you have a goal. And it's not just that one goal, that goal is made up of a series of sub goals too. And that's a great thing to learn early on. Yeah. And you know, your kids aren't coming to you and asking you how to do it unless you've happen to be a parent that really knew, knew Minecraft.


'cause I'm sure you know, that exists now. It's been around long enough. But generally, like your kid's probably in the other room figuring this stuff out, maybe they're asking friends for help, maybe they're not, they're, they're learning as they go and making like what they think are like smart decisions to do better in the game in real time. My advice to to a parent is like, it's really easy just to sort of walk by anytime your kid is doing this with zero interest, but just maybe once or twice sit down and ask them to tell you about their world for 15 minutes. Yeah. Just like sit there with 'em while they play for like 15 minutes and say, show me your world. I did that a couple of times and it's incredible to see.


I mean, she was like five or six at the time. Oh wow. To see a kid really like, I was like, oh my God. And you figured out that and you figured out you needed to do that to get that. And to them they're just like, yeah dad, that's duh, that's the game. But I'm over here going like, this is incredible. Like you're, you're learning like keep at it. That is cool. And. I'm glad she stopped playing it at the same time. There you go. I feel like we would be grossly remiss if we didn't give a shout out to our little friend from the Medford show. Yeah, that's right. Who Requested this? I don't remember his name and I'm very sorry for that. But there was a kid, a guy, a young dude at the Medford show recently, I think in May, who during QA, asked us to do an episode on Minecraft, And I.


Think the whole thing started with him asking us about mobs and we're like, what is a mob? Yeah, yeah. And. that kind of kicked the whole thing off. So that's why we're where we are right now. That's right. And If, you hear this kid and parent and you want us to set the record straight and and get that name on the air. Like email us and we'll, we'll include that in a future correction For sure. And speaking of email, I think, Chuck, it's time for listener mail. Yeah, this is about salsa. We got a lot of good salsa emails. People love salsa 'cause people like to say salsa Saying and eating. Boy that, did you see the one woman who sent in the black salsa from that restaurant in Chicago?


No, I didn't see that It, it looked good. I think it was the last couple of days she posted a picture and it's like charred peppers basically. Nice boy. Did it look good? Hey guys, great job on the recent episode on salsa. I was born and raised in Northwestern Mexico being Mexican. I was very interested on how you guys would tackle this. Josh got it right about the fact that salsa is a condiment mostly. Yeah, but he did get it wrong that it is in fact served at most restaurants in Mexico along with tortilla chips called to topos. Or like the Tosta, like Chuck mentioned being broken apart. It is not an appetizer, nor do you need to order it. It's just served. And you can also use the salsa as a condiment with your food.


And I saw someone else wrote in a Mexican woman that said a lot of times that's a good way to To test the salsa. Yeah, to test taste test sort of the salsa or the different salsas. You get to see which one you do want to use as a condiment. Oh, I See, I gotcha. Which makes sense. Sorry. But the only thing that you that was in innovated in the US was to charge for something that comes free with your meal with Mexico Boo Boo. Indeed. Also, guys, tortilla chips. Go back to the pre-Hispanic era with the Mexican word for tortilla chip again to topo, coming from a NATO word meaning to toast or brown.


And finally for Chuck Pico Digo, Mexico is any sort of mixed or chopped fruits and vegetables. Pico digo that he referenced in the US is usually called Salsa Fresca. Hmm. I knew that. That makes sense. I don't, I don't know. I didn't say it. Or salsa. Bandera. Bandera meaning flag. And the chilies, onion and tomato are green, white and red. Like the Mexican flag. Very nice. Great email. That's from Ricardo Llamas Vidal. Thanks a lot Ricardo. We appreciate that. It's nice to hear from a local expert and If, you wanna be like Ricardo and set us straight on some stuff? We would love to hear that. You can send it off to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com.


Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.


Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. And with each innovation, a commitment to progress. And with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


The holidays are coming up fast, you know, which means deliveries, traveling, tree wrecking cats, you totally need Ring to get you through the chaos. The Ring video doorbell will alert you to the package deliveries while indoor cams keep an eye on any cat versus tree drama. And with a ring alarm kit, you can visit relatives without worrying about your house. Holiday chaos averted. So head to ring.com to find the latest deals on Ring video, doorbells cams, and alarm and shop gifts for everyone on your list.


You know, friends, we know you like to support companies with a strong sense of purpose, so we're gonna talk to you about at and t, which really makes customers feel good about their choices. We're talking specifically about their back to school initiative because at t provided 20,000 backpacks filled with laptops, school supplies, and personalized notes to students all across America. Yeah. A lot of us don't really think twice about having our tech, our phones, our laptops, our wifi, but not everyone has access to those things, which is why what at and t is doing is just amazing. Yeah. And let's talk about Seattle. We love Seattle at and t and Comp Adopt delivered 250 refurbished laptops and fully stocked backpacks to students all over Seattle, ensuring that they're gonna have those tools that they need to succeed. And everybody loves stories like this where you can see real change happening for real people. And it's not just happening in Seattle. At and t is doing this all across the country. In places like Indiana, Philadelphia, they're helping connect the next generation to brighter futures. Yeah. And you know what Buddy? That's pretty exciting. Connecting changes everything at and t.