
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, AACH Direct Debit in the us, apple Pay Afterpay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Host Nora McInerney returns for season three of the head. Start embracing the Journey. A podcast from Ruby Studio and AbbVie. Each episode Nora shares intimate conversations with real people living with chronic migraine as they try to find the doctor that is right for them. Navigate their treatment journey and be present in the moment in spite of it all. Join in the conversation for season three and create more space for empathy and understanding for this invisible chronic disease. Listen to the head start embracing the journey on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck. And we both have antlers on our head and this is Stuff You Should Know. Just a couple of wooded Pagans. Yeah, I'm excited about this one, man. Yeah. You know, we'll, we'll reference some previous episodes. We covered Wicca and our Witchcraft ep and there's some Alistair Crowley in here. Of course. Yeah, for sure. You knew he was gonna make an appearance and it seems like there was something else too, but We'll, If you want the full picture, you know, go back and listen to all those together just for a spooky, oh, why don't I say spooky?


This is not even spooky. That's the whole problem. Yeah, for sure. With the misconception. Yeah. But it's so ingrained that even after you know about it, you know, it's hard not to just shake that stuff. I Was a church kid. I was raised Baptist Pagans. Exactly. We're spooky. They, they killed and sacrificed things. Yeah, I I, I ran across a couple of websites, Christian websites that essentially still think all of the same things that were, that, that the church originally said about Pagans back, you know, 1500 years ago. Yeah. It's So, it's still alive and well, It's cool to know this story now having, you know, left the Baptist Church many, many years ago to finally understand like, oh, at a certain point in history, they were just like, this is the religion and everything else is, is the devil.


Right? Yeah. And in retrospect, looking at this now, it's like, gosh, talk about getting your wires crossed. Yeah. That's funny. Anyway, yeah. So we're talking about paganism everybody. And hats off to Dave too, first of all for helping us with this. This was a huge tough one, big lump of an topic that almost every one of the things we're gonna talk about could be broken out into its own episode. Yeah. So we're gonna have to summarize in a lot of ways. We're gonna get a lot of stuff wrong. So apologies already to all of our Pagan listeners out there and let us know, correct us at what about what we do get wrong, but we're gonna try our best not to get stuff wrong because it's a really interesting set of religions, we should say.


That's what Paganism is. It's not a religion, it's a set of typically nature based religions that before the original ancient paganism predated any of what we call the Abrahamic religions, the monotheistic religions of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. And that's my definition of paganism. Can we stop there? Yeah. We haven't gotten anything wrong so far, so. Yeah. Yeah. Well you mentioned those religions and it's pretty key to mention the Abrahamic religions because basically anything else outside of that was considered pagan historically. Yeah, the word pagan actually was an, was a pretty much an insult at first when Christianity was on the rise.


And we'll talk a lot about that here in a second. In the Roman Empire, If you did not convert to Christianity, Christianity, you were called ganus, which is Latin for country dweller, which is basically like, Hey, if you're not a Christian, you're a bumpkin. AKA pagan. Which is interesting. Oh yeah. It's definitely interesting. It it, it's funny because that means that at some point in time, and we'll talk about when that happened, Christianity suddenly leapt forward as like a sophisticated thing, which is, so the tables basically turned, because originally some of the Greek and or actually Roman Pagans were very suspicious of Christianity and said all sorts of libelous things against them.


And then as Christianity rose to prominence, it used that same playbook against Pagans. Yeah. But yeah, it makes sense that it's like you were considered a hick or, or not up to date If you were still a pagan once Christianity became a thing in the Roman Empire. I think bumpkin summed it up nicely. I thought so too. I like bumpkin 'cause it's like, it's an insult, but it's just so round and happy that it's hard to be angered by it if somebody calls you a bumpkin. Yeah. For some reason bumpkin does have just sort of a, like, I feel like bumpkins are happy. Right. They don't care what you think of them. All right. So should we talk a little bit about, you know, there's kind of two parts to this.


There's ancient paganism, which is one thing that we're gonna speak about now. And then later we're gonna talk a little bit about modern paganism. But the kind of key distinction here is modern paganism isn't like, Hey, we just brought back everything they were doing back then because it went away for a long time and now we're gonna do that same stuff. It was, you know, inspired by some of this stuff. But as you'll see, not a lot of text survived. So modern paganism is basically its own new thing. Yeah. And we'll talk about where it came from, but there's a lot of, well just incorrect facts on the internet that basically says this, this tradition has continued uninterrupted.


Yeah. In secret. It had to be driven into secret by the rise of Christianity, that just does not seem to be true. Yeah. But if we're gonna go back to ancient paganism, we can talk about some of the different elements of, 'cause like you said, this is a lot of different things that are wrapped up under the term paganism, but animism is the first one, and that is the belief that every, every object on the planet basically has a spirit. People do. My dog does. Your dog does that, which I totally believe the rivers, trees, everything in nature does animate or inanimate, which is why it's called animism. And they thought that nature can be like a, a great thing, it can help protect us or it can be a dangerous thing.


It can cause us harm. And it's up to us to influence that through sacrifice in these rituals that we perform. Yeah. A good example of this is real quick is there's no absolute good and evil. That's one of those Abrahamic religious ideas. And paganism does not believe in that. So for example, If you are crossing a raging river, that river might kill you and drown you. But it's not like the river is evil and wants to do that, it just can't happen. So there's a risk, but it can also be a neutral thing. You can increase your chances of successfully crossing that river by maybe praying to it the spirit or the God of that river, or maybe offering a sacrifice.


But it's not, there's no evil rivers in any of the pagan religions Except for the river sticks. Yeah, I guess maybe, but I think I even then, it's not necessarily absolutely evil. Yeah. We've got shamanism, which is sort of like animism plus animism with a mascot. And that the shaman is the person who steps forward and says, alright, we've got all these objects that have spirits and I am the person that can communicate with them. I will enter a trance, may take some drugs, may do a little singing and dancing to get there. Don't you worry about that. But I'll get there in that trance state and I'll be able to communicate with the spirits, like, go through me.


Yeah. I think the singing and dancing is subsequent to taking the drugs. Hey, I, I went to a r or two in my day. Exactly. Every single person, there was a shaman at that moment That this is what it felt like at the time, probably. Right. So there's a couple of things just from the ancient pagan religions that are still carried on today. Ancestor worship is another big one. Yeah. Especially as we'll see in the neopagan Norse traditions. But it's essentially, you can see evidence of this in the fact that we buried people in the way that we start, we started burying people as if they're venerated, as if we understand that they need grave goods because there's an afterlife. And so it's not like a hard leap to, to the idea that those ancestors can help us out now that they're in the spirit world.


And so you can worship them. That's a, that's a big part of it too. Yeah, for sure. Then we're gonna get into this whole idea that, and something I found that looking through a lot of these pagan rights and religions is that they looked at women very differently than early Christian. And some might even argue late Christian religions do in that women were, were worshiped in venerated. There were the earth mother was a big part of the, the early deities and worshiped, and they found Venus figurines, these clay and stone figures from like 35,000 years ago that are clearly like probably used in fertility rights because they have, you know, exaggerated breasts on these figures and wide hips.


And so the whole idea of the earth mother has been around for a long, long time. Yeah. And then you can pretty clearly demonstrate that the Earth mother eventually evolved into Gaia from the Greek pantheon, Gaia's, the mom of all the other gods. Which brings up another point. Polytheism, it's not monotheistic. There is not one single God. Even if there's a head of the gods, like say Zeus or Odin or something like that, there's still plenty of other gods who are gods. They're not saints, they're not angels, they're not assistants. They are gods in and of themselves. And so polytheism is a huge, huge part of any pagan religion. Ancient or modern too.


And I've never looked into this, but I mean the idea of mother nature, that probably kinda is kind of a trickle down from goddess mother, earth mother. Right. I would think so too. Yeah. For sure. Yeah. I'm, I'm just taking a stab at that though, so don't I. You gotta be right. You know, I mean, it's not like that was just coincidental. Somebody came up with that in the sixties or something. Yeah, that's true. What about sacrifice? The stuff that Pagans don't like to talk about? Yeah. I mean this is a can of worms that, you know, we can't fully open because there's a lot of debate about how much sacrifice there has been and, and all religions throughout ancient world history, a lot of times these, the people that say like, oh, they were just killing babies left and right are written by the enemies of these people, in this case Christian and Roman accounts, about how widespread it would be.


'cause they're trying to paint them in a certain way. But there definitely has been sacrifice, whether it was human or your finest crop or your best sheep. Yeah. I mean, we know for a fact that Germanic and Celtic tribes sacrificed humans just from the presence of bog bodies in the state that they were, the way that they died, they're pretty much proof positive that there was sacrifice. And even outside of Europe, I mean, you know, the Inca maiden, the L Leia? No, Lule low. Lule low. I think you mean Leilani The maiden, you remember the Inca maiden that has like her knees pulled up to her chest and she looks like she's sleeping. But she was sacrificed 500 years ago.


Yeah. I mean like it did happen, but the idea that it was widespread or that they like drank baby's blood or that kind of stuff. Right. That was the exaggeration that really kind of were smears. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I finally watched the other day, it was about a month ago, I guess the, the Mel Gibson Apocalypto. Yeah. I'd never seen that. For some reason I finally watched it. How was it? Did you see it? No, but I've seen the scene that made you think of that. Right. You know, it was, it was pretty good. You know, I'm, I'm not like championing Mel Gibson of course, but I just hadn't seen that movie. And I had a, I, I guess Emily was clearly not with me and I was like, oh, I've got a window.


And it popped up and I was like, you know what? I never saw that. Let me check it out. Very gross and gory in its depictions. But you know, it, it was okay. Yeah. Mel Gibson is basically into snuff porn. Right. Like, he loves that stuff. Yeah. Have you ever seen We were Soldiers? I did not see that. But that's supposed to be pretty gory too, right? It's one of the most violent Yeah. Goriest war movies I've ever seen in my life. Yeah. No. And I've seen The Guns of Navarone. Yeah. Oh, was that tele Sabala? No, He was in the Dirty Dozen. That's what you're thinking. Yeah. That was Good. Or forced in from Navarone. Was he in that one too?


Or just, I don't know if he was in that one. He was definitely in the Dirty Dozen. That was a great one. Yeah. Alright, we're getting away from off topic here though. 'cause we need to talk about idol worship and tree worship. That's another pretty common element in a lot of different pagan religions. You know, it's right there in the 10 Commandments. Do not worship false idols. I idolatry was a big no-no to Christians. And that's basically any physical representation of a God or a spirit. We usually, you know, growing up Baptist thought of as like statues and stuff from biblical stories, but it can be a rock or something. And then trees, trees are big in many, many most pagan religions. They love their trees. Yeah, they love them for sure.


So yeah, those are some high points or basics, I guess is a better way to put it, of ancient pagan religions. And because as we said before, there's not a really a lot that survived from the ancients to today. A lot of that stuff has been gleaned by archeologists. Anthropologists. And it's from that base of knowledge that modern Pagans draw from to create the newer versions of the pagan religions. Yeah, I It feels like a break time, right? Yeah, I guess so. Alright, We'll take a break and we'll, we'll come back and talk about when Christianity decided. That's it. We're gonna change the narrative right after this.


As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your mind is on your business 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. That's right. When you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. Yeah. You can post your job with LinkedIn's new feature that helps you write job descriptions and then quickly get your job in front of the right people with deep candidate insights. That's Right. And you know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is the quality of the candidates. And with LinkedIn, you can feel confident that you're getting the best. Yep. So post your job for free at linkedin.com/syk, that's linkedin.com/syk to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know, there's just something about a beautiful outdoor space that's so satisfying. It becomes like your own backyard oasis. It's the best. And I gotta tell you, Wayfair has got everything you need to level up your outdoor space with patio sets, lounge chairs, outdoor bars, hot tubs, vavoom, fire pits, gazebos, you name it. And of course string lights. You gotta have those. Yeah. I mean, summer's a perfect time to host a nice outdoor gathering. So you want to have a nice outdoor space to host, set gathering in. And don't be scared off about ordering big, beautiful outdoor furniture from Wayfair because with Wayfair delivery is free and easy even on the big stuff. That's right. And they got a style for everybody and every home, no matter what your space is and what your budget is. So don't wait. Make your outdoor space your dream. Oasis today with Wayfair and enjoy it all summer long. Head to wayfair.com right now to shop a huge outdoor selection. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair every style, every home.


This episode is sponsored by Liquid iv. Hey Everybody. If you're prepping for a big summer, then that means you should plan to stay hydrated so you can get the most outta your body and live more during those warm summer months. That's right. And that means you need to visit liquid iv.com and maximize your summer plans with sugar-free hydration featuring the new Raspberry Lemonade hydration multiplier. You can get 20% off your first order with a code stuff at checkout. That's right. And even more than a great deal, it also tastes great too. That's right. And my buddy, I have to tell you I love Liquid iv. I use it a lot. It hydrates me very well. I love that lemon lime. It tastes really good. And I put it in my little DOP kit when I travel and I feel like I'm always pretty well hydrated. Yeah, you're well hydrated because Liquid IV is made with an optimized ratio of electrolytes, essential vitamins and clinically tested nutrients that turn ordinary water into extraordinary hydration. Break the mold and own your ritual. Just one stick and 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. So get ready for summer with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code stuff at checkout. It's 20% off your first order with code stuff@liquidiv.com.


Alright, so we promised talk of Christianity stamping out paganism or, or trying to at least. And that started with Constantine, who was the first Roman emperor to convert to Christianity. Officially, I think you sort of hinted earlier that Christianity was a pretty smallish persecuted sect of people at first until Constantine came along and said, actually, I'm Christian now. And all the other Roman elites were like, well, if Constantine the emperor is Christian, then maybe we should look into this a little more. Right. And so the tide turned on Pagans basically right outta the gate. But Constantine himself didn't do anything to persecute, he didn't use his official position as emperor to persecute Christ Pagans.


Yeah. He dip his toe in the pool publicly. Yeah, yeah, exactly. So actually I think he was fully immersed in the baptismal font instead. Well, Yeah. His son though went full bore after Pagans and outlawed paganism. He passed the first laws constant Tinius Stanus. Yeah. Not Constantinople Stanus. Yes. Yeah. He passed the first laws that that made paganism and practices of paganism illegal. It was basically amounted to any public displays of paganism were outlawed. But not too long after a couple of decades, his successor Theodosius, he said, Christianity's the state religion of the Roman Empire, and If you do anything pagan, including in your own home, like your, your toast.


Yeah. Don't let us see you go anywhere near a chicken or you're in big trouble. And they said, what is toast? And they went, you know, when your bread gets too close to the fire and it tastes better, that's toast. They like toast. I hadn't tried that. So Christianity is on the rise, and they started to stamp out pagan religions all over the Roman Empire through the laws that you mentioned, and through a pretty brilliant plan, which was literally demonizing them. I never really have thought about that word much until this as like, you know, that demon is the root there. Right. But that's literally what they did. They were like, you know what, everyone that you're have been worshiping, they are the devil in disguise.


Right. Like the literal devil, Satan. Yes. And they actually took some of the, the existing gods and just basically copy pasted them into the conception of the devil of Satan. And again, keep in mind here, these, these pagan religions, they don't have anything even approximating Satan that like gods can be good or evil, protective or dangerous, but there's no like one evil Yeah. Polar foil Yeah. To God, because there is no one God, it's not dual, it's plural. Yeah. That's, that's part of pagan religion. Right. So it's ironic that they're like, you're God is Satan.


And they're like, which one? They're like the one with the horns. The one with the antlers. Right. And, and so that's, that's basically how the modern conception of Satan came along. And so basically any God would just be equated with evil, with a demon, with Satan himself. And If you were caught practicing this now, you started to risk being killed by the people in charge. Yeah. Dave found this one pretty prominent Celtic God C Nuno. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. C-E-R-N-U-N-N. It's like, it's a, yeah, it's like a mashup of Michael Serra, John Cena and John Sun Nuno.


Yeah, sir. Man, I almost said it wrong again, sir. Nuno was, like I said, a prominent Celtic God and had, it was the antler, God had antlers and they, they basically look back now and say between Sir Nuno and the Greek God pan, like it's not a, a far leap to go from antlers to horns. And that was basically the probably the model for the Christian devil that, you know, once they decided, hey, we're just gonna be binary from now on. Right. But the Sir Nuno is wearing antlers because they were, they indicated protectiveness, not necessarily of humans, but of the forest and the countryside. And you could be in Sir Nuno good graces by taking care of those things.


Or you could run a foul of Sir Nuno and If you say just stepped on a bunch of docks for no good reason. Yeah. But that, but he became Satan eventually, or he was one of the ones, I think they went basically local religion by local religion and identified who could be Satan. Yeah, yeah. And then demonize them and all the others. Yeah, that makes sense. Like who do they identify with? Like who's gonna scare them? Exactly. Yeah. So now, because your god, your ancient pagan God is Satan, If you are caught worshiping that God or any God in, or any kind of polytheistic, pagan religion, you're now in league with the devil. And again, you can be put to death for that kind of thing.


And that developed into which trials? The inquisition, all sorts of terrible stuff that was essentially the Christian Church persecuting in an effort to stamp out. It's like any local rival religions. Yeah. Well, stamp out is one thing they did. And you know, with the Christian armies and colonialism and missionaries, that was what they were doing all over the west. And then what they couldn't stamp out or, or I don't know if it was what they couldn't stamp out, but they were stamping out everything they wanted to. And then they also said, but actually this Halloween and Christmas and Easter are pretty fun. And those are pagan, you know, based. So we're just gonna tweak those and make them our own.


Because who, who doesn't like Halloween? Yeah. Everybody likes Halloween, which started out as Soen as we'll see, I think we've talked about that probably 15 times. Oh yeah. Yeah. You know what I think actually triggered this me thinking of this topic? What movie? No, it was Easter. Oh, I was thinking about, I happened to be up and out around Sunrise on Easter, and I reminded me as a kid being raised Catholic of going to sunrise, mass in Easter. Yeah. And I was like, dude, you're standing there celebrating a religious service watching the sunrise on a specific day in the spring.


Like it is so pagan based and it's in, in like, in every single way. I think even Easter is like a, a shift or an adaptation of like Aire, which I believe was one of the polytheistic pagan gods. Yeah. Like it was, it's just there out in the open basically. And that made me wonder about the whole thing. Yeah. You know, growing up in Stone Mountain, Georgia, the the most dedicated would hike up Stone Mountain in the, in the dead of night to go to the Sunrise service on top of Stone Mountain. Yeah. Pretty cool. Yeah. So they, they were basically stamping with one foot, giving back rubs with the other, other, with their hands stamp, stamp, rub, rub.


That's what the Christians did to basically win the pr war of the religions and take over, essentially. Yeah. If you, if you're looking at the Pagan comeback, which we're gonna get into now, you can go back to the Renaissance when they said, Hey, the Greek and Roman philosophers and all those books they were writing, it's like super interesting. We're into that stuff again and we have the printing press now so we can really print this stuff up and disseminate it. And there were Renaissance painters painting all these amazing romantic paintings of like, mythological, mythological creatures and gods. And then the Enlightenment came along and said, Renaissance, hold my mead.


So yeah, the enlightenment was like in, in a couple of strange ways. It was really fertile ground for like an interest in paganism to come along. For one, the enlightenment thinkers just essentially as a first step just rejected Christianity. Yeah. And monotheism in particular. And they also were like, I really like the philosophy of these ancient Greeks and ancient Romans. They were polytheistic. Maybe I could be too. So it kind of aroused like an intellectual interest in that. Yeah. But it also, it it, it created a, an interest in, in paganism in a different way too, because the enlightenment created such rational thinking Yeah.


That some people were kind of repelled by it and they were like, I'm going to go seek answers and purpose in nature instead. And that you probably more than anything is how the enlightenment led to an interest in paganism. Yeah. And also thought it was super interesting how much the arts played into all this, you know, I mentioned the Renaissance painters, but also romantic poets. Like you can't read Wordsworth and Keets and Shelly without like, wanting to go out into the woods and like be among nature. There were very just very moving poems about the, the world, the natural world around us, and this sort of unseen magic in nature. Yeah. You've never wanted to take your clothes off in the woods.


Read some Keats. Right. See how you feel after that. Ooh. I'm not a, I'm not a big naked in the, I'm not a big naked guy, period. I think it's been established, but probably 'cause of the Baptist upbringing, but I feel too vulnerable out there in the woods. Yeah, No, I get that. There's mosquitoes and beetles and those worms that crawl up your pee hole. Yeah. I'll just, you can find me in my skis at least. Are you a never nude? Yeah, I shower in in a bathing suit In cutoff jeans. Yeah. Cutoff. Oh man. So great. Oh, what else? Oh, oh, there was another thing that kind of created, I, it might, it might have grown out of this interest essentially like kind of scholarship on Paganism.


Yeah. Some was good. Some was the kind of stuff that you would equate with finding on the History Channel today. You know, that was in the article and we talked about it a little bit offline. I, I did not know, I don't watch enough History Channel. I thought the History Channel was just like, we used to call it the War Channel 'cause it was always just black and white World War II documentaries. But I know there is another side of the history channel where with the Alien sky, like, did they have a lot of that kind of stuff? I think it's pretty much all, yeah. That Is it really? Okay. Yeah, pretty much. And I think it has been that way for a really long time. And I mean, not to bag on the History channel, it's interesting, but I guess what I'm equating it to is really interesting unsupported theories that like if you're an actual scientist and you look into it, you're like, this is just made up.


They're trying to make the entertaining television basically. Yes. But the problem is, is they present it factually and Oh yeah. It gets taken factually by a lot of people. So yeah. They've caused a lot of problems. They essentially have ruined the world single-handedly the History Channel has. Well, I'm glad I know this because I'm gonna stop saying, well I, the History Channel said I Would stop that. Yeah. But yeah, there were a couple of key people that came out of this that you kind of referenced. One was a guy named James Frazier. He was an anthropologist who wrote a book, very influential book in 1890 called The Golden Bow. BOU I'm sorry. Yeah. UW Jesus. What's going on with me? B-O-U-G-H I'm going with Bao.


It's pronounced Bo I think that's a history channel type argument. It it, okay, we're not gonna argue with this 'cause who cares. But that's the way it's spelled. And his argument was that, you know, all religions basically go back to this one pagan myth about a king that was sacrificed to bless the land with fertility. And you can kind of trace them all back, back to this. Yeah. And so modern historians have said, that's a great theory, Frazier, but you're, it's not correct. Frazier is not a history channel type. He was a legitimate anthropologist. And one of the reasons the Golden Bow bow figures in is that he did an, an amazing amount of exhaustive research that in the book he describes a lot of ancient Pagan traditions and beliefs and stuff.


So the Golden Bow became kind of like a handbook for the modern pagan movements that followed. Do you know what I feel like inserting here? What? The way that you pronounce the word B. Like why did they get Count Dracula to, who is that guy? I, I don't know what, what is, that's like a book on tape you heard once or no, No, no, no. This is the YouTube guy when you look up pronunciations. Oh Yeah. There's this one gentleman that talks like he came from Pennsylvania. Yeah. He really does, doesn't he? I never thought about it. He's great. Well Now this is saying bow, but I looked it up earlier and it said Bo Bow. Okay. Bow, bow, bow. I don't know if I believe that lady.


Like when the bow breaks, wouldn't you just sit up and tell your mom that she got it wrong? If she's saying when the bow breaks. Yeah, I've always said bow, but you know, maybe I'm wrong. Or maybe the internet's wrong. That'd be a first. How about B? Yeah, What was that B? When the B breaks and then there is a history channel type person that we should talk about. The Egyptologist Margaret Murray. She was, she's definitely on that side of things, right? Yeah. She came up in the Bella and the Witch Elm episode because she was saying like Bella was murdered by a witch cult. Right. And she's one of the people who argued that the, the modern European witches trace their lineage unbroken back to fertility feminist cult that's been in the British Isles ever since time in Memorial.


Yeah. And that, that's one of the things that's been debunked is that it's just not true. Like the Christian Church and in their turn Judaism in Islam as well did such a thorough job of interrupting the transmission from the ancient world to the modern world that it's just like, that's just not really possible. Now that's not to say that like in certain like super, you know, rural local areas, there's like not folk traditions that actually do date back really far. Yeah. I mean everybody's seen wicker man. Right. But the thing is like the, like wicker man would be actually a bad example because that like is a actual ritual.


They knew exactly what they were doing, they were performing rights, that kind of stuff. This would be more like, hey, we're dancing around the May pole, but we don't necessarily know every single thing that's going on. We're not performing every single aspect of this ancient ritual. Even though the ritual in some form or fashion still survived to today, it's not the full, the full Monty, It's not the full Monty of the actual pagan folk religion that they're, they're kind of venerating still. Yeah. Does that make sense? Yeah, absolutely. Okay. Should we take our second break? Yeah. Alright, we're gonna take that break and we're gonna move into the world of modern paganism Right after this


Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing Anaba sofas. Where designer style meets budget friendly prices. Anaba brings you the ultimate in furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stain resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy liquid. Simply slide right off designed for custom comfort. Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly, stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years. Don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


There's a moment every parent remembers the day their child takes off on two wheels with guardian bikes. That moment comes as early as two years old and with less stress and frustration. These bikes are built just for kids. Lightweight frames, low center of gravity, easy to use, brakes. Everything about Guardian is designed to help kids ride confidently, often in just one day. No training wheels needed. And because guardian bikes are designed and assembled right here in the USA, you know they're built to last with care in every detail. Their patented sure stop braking system stops both wheels with a single lever helping your child stop safely without tripping forward or losing control. Right now save hundreds when comparing Guardian to its competitors@guardianbikes.com and get a free lock and pump when you join their newsletter. A $50 value. Visit guardian bikes.com today to save and help your child learn an essential life skill safely. Guardian bikes built for your kid and for the memories you'll never forget.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. Na member FDIC.


Well by the way, Chuck Yumi and I have a friend named Alex Mary who's an artist and she does something called Morris Dancing. And a lot of the Morris dance like re like resemble paganism. Like there's sometimes there's antlers and stuff like that, but it also more than anything reminds me of stuff they would've done in that a 24 movie Midsummer. Yeah. And it's basically like folk dancing that dates back to like the 15th century and probably before, but they can definitely trace it back that far. I was asking her about Paganism, she's like, Nope, not a Pagan, I'm a Morris dancer. That's super cool. Yeah. And not to get off topic, but since you brought up a 24, I just have to shout out their newest weird comedy from Tim Robinson.


Oh yeah. Actually not from Tim Robinson, he's in it. But the movie Friendship I can highly recommend and I went to the opening 11:00 AM screening in Atlanta and my friend is 'cause You love Tim Robinson. You'll be glad to know. At Phipps Plaza at 11:00 AM on a Friday, there were probably 25 to 30 like Tim Robinson fans in there. Nice. At that first showing. Was it rowdy It? Yeah, you know, it's been a long time since I've seen a crowded and it was crowded 'cause it was probably a 50 person theater, so it was 70% full, a crowded like movie with other people, like a comedy where just a bunch of people are laughing at once and it was so much fun. That's awesome, man.


It was great. I wish I could've gone. I wish you could've gone too. Oh, oh yeah. Are you talking about what modern paganism? Yeah, so we mentioned, you know, in several different ways that modern paganism is its own thing. One of the reasons why it's its own thing is because they just didn't write down a lot of stuff back then and stuff that was written down. It wasn't like the literal detailed handbook of how to do this ritual or this. Right. So yeah, it's pretty Rare. Yeah. So that's one of the reasons, and it was all stamped out. Some of the stuff that we've gotten modern wise comes from these Icelandic, or maybe all of it, these Icelandic texts called the edis. Is that right? Yeah. As far as Norse religions, NORS pagan religions that fall under the umbrella term, heathenism, this is where they get all their stuff.


Yeah, I don't know if it's Edith's or Ed's. I think I, I agreed too soon. Okay. Okay. Maybe Edith's That and then the Viking sagas. And so the Viking sagas aren't, like you said, it's not a handbook of how to worship Norse gods, but just mentions of it like, like incidental references to stuff like that. The Neo Pagans who worship Norris Gods have kind of taken that, gleaned from that what some of these rituals and and thoughts and mythologies were. Yeah. And we're not gonna talk about all modern pagan religions, but we're gonna mention a, you know, we're gonna highlight a few, we have to talk briefly at least about the hermetic order of the golden Dawn.


But again, If you wanna hear a lot about that, listen to our Alistair, a really good episode, I think Alistair Crowley episode. Yeah. This was the Secret Society that Alistair Crowley was a member of. He was never the leader, right? Or was he just sort of a, I think he did break off and try to become a leader. Did he at some point? Did I don't Remember. I think So. Yeah. Maybe I should go back and listen To it. I don't remember either. But their whole thing, the reason we mentioned them is they were probably the first, what you could consider modern pagan religion. They practiced magic and they were into the Egyptian cult stuff. Yeah. So that's why we bring them up. There's, I don't think there's too many golden dawn people running around, but I guarantee there are some.


Yeah, there's gotta be. What about wca? Yeah, we talked about WCA in our witchcraft episode. That was from a long time I think ago though. So it, it may not be our best work. No, I would, that's one that would probably be pretty good to redo someday. Eh, we're not gonna redo stuff, are We? Okay, fine. No Modern witchcraft or, or Wicca. W-I-C-C-A. Originally it was WICA as named by a guy named Gerald Gardner, who was a British customs official who worked in Malaysia, then came back to England in 1936, wrote a bunch of golden dawn stuff, a bunch of Alistair Crowley stuff, a bunch of Margaret Murray stuff, our history channel lady.


And he said, you know what, one night in 1939, a coven of witches initiated me. And they were members of this ancient fertility cult that I read about from Margaret Murray. Yeah. So it depends on who you talk to. Gardner might either be described as a huckster who made all this up, or a very gentle man. I saw somebody describe him who knew him as utterly without malice. Oh. Who may have made all this up. But he, he was known for writing what's called the Book of Shadows, which has become a big part of the WIC and religion, which is essentially a personal recipe book of spells and rituals that is, has worked for a particular witch or coven.


And sometimes it's shared and people can borrow from it and add to it, and they create their own book of shadows. But having your own basically, you know, in those Bugs Bunny cartoons where that witch is like looking through her book that would technically be a book of shadows that she's looking through to find like the ingredients for her potions or whatever. That's a pretty literally cartoonish depiction of it. But that's, you know, essentially what she was doing, My favorite part is when she would leave the frame very quickly and her hairpins would fall outta her hair and float in the air. She was one of the most disturbing cartoon characters of all time, If you ask me. I love her man. Yeah.


Like she was, she had that high pitched voice and didn't she have like kind of a red cousin it type who wore like tennis shoes? Oh boy. He was a little offput as well. Oh boy. I don't remember that, but if I saw it, I'd probably know it. Yeah. So yeah, the witch from Bugs Bunny. That's right. But back to Wiccans, they became very popular in the sixties and seventies with the, the feminist set and the environmentalist set. And there's still the Gerald Gardner focused, they call it Arian wca. But If you, if you're out at the seven 11 and you meet a modern Wiccans, she's probably practicing what's called Diana wca, which is, it's more woman centered.


It came around in 1971 by Wiccans activist name, not Susanna, but Susanna Budapest. Great name. Yeah. And it wasn't until 2000, I think 15 that Susanna Budapest indoctrinated her first male clergy member into Diana WCA and other dynamic WCA temples split off. And so it's, it's rare to find a man in this, in this religion. Like it's all women. And I read that they're anti patriarchy. They actually try to use their magic against the patriarchy, but they're not anti-male. The reason that they exclude males is because their religion is created to, to celebrate and honor the life cycles, the biological cycles in a lot of cases of a woman as she's born and then ages and then dies.


And that essentially, there's not a lot of role for men in that religion. But yeah. You know, you guys go form your own stuff, go become Druids, I think is their motto. Yeah. And here's a little dinner party factoid. If someone brings up Wiccans around the table, you can say, Hey, did you know that it was actually first recognized as a true religion in 1986 in the United States when the Supreme Court ruled in Detmer v Landon? You don't have to know that part, but you could really knock their socks off If you do. You could. It was where a prisoner was denied the use of ritual. Ritual Wiccan objects and they're like, Hey, this is my, my religious stuff and the First Amendment protects this. And the Supreme Court said, you know what?


You're right. Yeah. Probably a liberal court. Right. One other thing I gotta say, I ran across the UK finally suspended their witchcraft laws, their banned against practicing witchcraft in 1951, which is why Gerald Gardner's books start popping up in the fifties, even though he'd been doing this since the late thirties. Wow. Isn't that interesting? Like he could have been arrested and thrown in prison for practicing witchcraft before 1951. Wow. Alright. So those were sort sort of the big heavy hitters that were the first big ones that of modern paganism when it staged its comeback.


But there are dozens of other smaller, much smaller modern pagan movements. WIC is definitely the largest, but Heathenry is one of them, which is basically a, a umbrella term for people who, like you mentioned the Norson Germanic deities. Right. They're really into Marvel, I guess Marvel and Lord of the Rings. Like If you thought Led Zeppelin was into Lord of the Rings, man, introduce yourself to a heathen. Yeah, for sure. Like they are into that stuff. A lot of Valhalla. Yeah. And I think the two biggest Germanic heathen religions, actually, I guess I don't think even think they're sex, but one is as, as Saru.


Yeah. They worship the, a sea gods who would be the, the highest of the pantheon of North North mythology like Odin and Thor. Yeah. And so people who are into as Saru are very much into honor and valor and getting into Valhalla. And then there's the Vanna. True, which they're concerned with the veneer gods who are the rest of the gods who are more earthy, more nature based. They're into prosperity, that kind of stuff. And I think there's way more Saru than Vanna true right now. And then one other thing about Heathenism, there's a really interesting like kind of side history that you can go look up about. The black metal scene, specifically the Norwegian black metal scene that essentially turned into, turned their focus from satanism, like traditional metal to Heathenry.


Yeah. And so you've got like folk metal, viking metal, like they essentially just became heathens, but metal and it just got really outta hand in the early nineties. It was really interesting stuff. Well, yeah, and I don't know if we could get a whole episode outta this. We probably could, or maybe a short stuff. But there was the very famous case of, well there were, there were these series of arsons, these church arsons, like 20 of them, these, these very, very old wooden medieval churches in Norway that were burned down. I think 20 of them were attributed. These arsons were attributed to black metal fans. And a couple of the arsonists were very prominent in the early Norwegian black metal scene.


These guys, they were band mates at first, and this band Mayhem, but I think Var Vicar knees. Sure. He left Mayhem at a certain point. But MOUs is how this guy's known Osteen Es known AKA MOUs, I think stayed in this group black metal group Mayhem for the Run until he was murdered by var. Yeah. And they, they didn't exactly like set paganism general public image on fire. Well actually they kind of did. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Arsis was a satanist Vicar knees is, in addition to being a murderer, he's a, a vowed Neo Nazi.


And the whole scene in particular kinda gets caught up with nationalism a lot. So it's not a very representative picture of paganism as a whole or Neo paganism as a whole. But yeah, it's still, I mean it's just ridiculously interesting what happened there. Yeah, Totally. It's Worth mentioning, I guess. Yeah. I remember when this happened and I just, I didn't know much about, I still don't know much about that whole music scene, but it's, it's super interesting. My cousin is into it. Yeah. I was checking a lot of it out and some of it's really good. I'm not into folk metal though at all. What is Folk? What is that? It's, What's it sound like? It's, You know, that kind of like super proud Irish music that's like rock from like Boston.


Imagine that as like, that's got like back fights metal or almost, almost, yeah. Or no, the, the so yes that, that Irish like rock does. Yeah. From Boston. This is like the Norwegian metal version of that. Okay. Yeah. I'll, I'll listen to something, see, see what it Does to me. Okay. Just look up folk metal and you'll, you'll see. But some of the other stuff is really good. Like mayhem stuff was pretty interesting. What If this changed my life and set me on a course that one would never have expected here, 54 Years old, you start wearing corpse makeup. Yeah. Maybe get some antlers. Yeah, Why not man, why not? Like really ask yourself why not do that?


I mean, I dunno, it's no crazier than any of the rest of them If you ask me. Yeah. Yeah. You mentioned Druids earlier, kind of in passing, but that is a modern belief system that is tied to pre-Christian, British isle sort of religion. That's where the Druids came from, right? Yeah. And I saw that Druids are a big difference between them and others is that the nature itself is the divine. It's not like a manifestation of God or the goddesses or any, like, it's nature. And I also saw that it, they, the practitioners don't really consider it a religion. They consider it more a philosophy or a way of life. Yeah. And it's, it was a modern druidry was started by a guy named Ross Nichols, and I don't know why.


I just find it funny that like the modern druids and, and modern Wiccans were, were started by a guys named Ross and Gerald. Yeah. Isn't That a little Weird? Yeah. They sound like a couple of guys who might live in a van together. They might, who knows. There's also ceremonial magic, which would trace itself to I guess the golden dawn. There's Neo paganism, which we should talk about because a lot of people use Neo paganism as a term incorrectly to describe modern paganism, which is what we've been talking about this whole time. Neo paganism itself is a specific kind of pagan religion. So all Neo Pagans are pagan, but all Pagans aren't Neo Pagans.


And If you basically want to just come at this by saying, I like a little of this, I like a little of that, oh, I, I would like to do a little bit of ritual magic. Yes. I wanna go out in the woods and practice all this stuff. Then Neo paganism is for you. It is wide open. They believe that everybody's beliefs are equal. They're very much opposed to the idea of absolute good and evil. They're very into nature. It's pretty much, I think, what people think about when they think about modern pagan religions. And that's Neo paganism. Yes. All Right. And If you wanna know more about that, there's a great site called Neo paganism.org.


They seem to be pretty authoritative on it. They should be with that website. That'd be a real shame if they weren't. Yeah. Right. It's in comic sands. And just one other thing about Neo paganism, I think I said that a lot of people, that's what they think of, but they might be saying wca when they're talking about Neo paganism, there's big differences between those two. W is very magical based. The intent is to harness the power of nature to get something done, like get a, a job successfully or make someone fall in love with you, whatever. And WCA is very much esoteric. So that means that there's a, a set amount of knowledge out there.


There's hidden mystery knowledge in the universe that If you are an initiate into wca, like you have to be initiated into a coven and you apply yourself and work and study and you can have these mysteries of the universe revealed to you. Not at all what Neo Pagans believe. There's just a ton of differences. But I mean, if any of this has floated your boat and you're like, I I really wanna check this out. There's a lot of stuff on the internet that you can go read up on. I would just say use your, your just general common sense to decide what site you're on is whether it's legitimate or authoritative or if it's just some dude making stuff up.


You gotta have the right font where you know you're in trouble. Exactly. It's like dead giveaway. You also mentioned a great band name in there. Hidden Mystery Knowledge. That's a good one. I feel like that's more an album though. Okay. And you better believe they're gonna have some Lord of the Rings character. Yeah. As the illustration. True. Well If you wanna know more about that stuff, like I said, go out on the internet and since I said that and Chuck had just said true, that means that it's time for a listener. May I'm gonna call this a popcorn cooking tip. I'm surprised I haven't thought of, oh, okay. Hey guys writing, because I wanna tell you about my favorite way to cook popcorn in bacon grease.


Oh yeah, I've heard of that. I hadn't heard of it. It's just right there in front of my face too. You got bacon grease in front of your face. Yeah, I do. My aunt taught me her tried and true method for cooking popcorn. On the soap top, she puts a spoonful of baking grease in a skillet, pours a popcorn salt over the grease. Oh boy. Pops a couple of kernels in there and heats the whole thing up. And when the grease is the right temperature, those kernels are gonna pop and alert you. You can start cooking, you pour in the rest of the kernels, cover your skillet and let it pop away. The baking grease gives the popcorn a little extra flavor. It really makes it even more delicious. You should give it a try sometime. Just don't forget to cover your skillet. Okay. Thanks for all the years of podcasting listening. Pleasure you provided for me. I wish you both the best.


That is from Randy with an I. Thanks a lot, Randy. With an eye. That's did. Did Randy sign the I with a little heart instead of a dot? 'cause that'd be fantastic. I think so, yeah. Thanks a lot Randy. That was a great tip. We appreciate it. I'm quite sure everybody who loves popcorn and bacon that's listening, appreciated that. If you wanna be like Randy and send us a tip that everybody can appreciate, you can send it off to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Shows.


Hey, when's the last time you've listened to Hot 99 5. Because we have all of the hit music, but also a lot more like Intern John in your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events, deals and things we're making fun of around the DMVI love This station. You talk about real Stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all given a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa. What Snap I run Kill. Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey music station hot 99 5. This Is an iHeartPodcasts podcast.