
This is an iHeartPodcasts Look around everyone. Every car you see is probably on Autotrader, like that sleek convertible that turned heads when it picked you up from the airport or the custom ride from your favorite van life couple on social media. Even that vintage sports car that's tailing you a little too closely. New cars, used cars, electric cars, even flying cars. Well, okay, no flying cars yet, but as soon as those things get invented, they'll be on Autotrader. If you see a car you like, it's probably on Autotrader. That's kind of their thing. Autotrader.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, a CH, direct debit in the us, apple Pay Afterpay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And this is Stuff You Should Know. That's right, Popcorn, the snack, a dish. And wanna shout out listener Sean os Huddle. He came up with this idea, send it along. And I'm trying to get better about crediting people when they send great ideas that we use. Oh, that's, that's a great New Year's resolution, Chuck. Yeah, Which reminds me, I need to do a pickup for Cliff's Notes because I did not credit Mike D of Overland Park, Kansas. Or maybe that'll suffice.


Yeah, it might. Well, I'll have to ask Mike D Okay. And he'll, you know what he'll say, He'll say the mike stands for money and the D is for Diamond. That's right. Was that exactly what you were gonna say? No, but that's, that was better. So, Okay, so yeah, we're talking Popcorn today and Chuck, there's a lot, a lot to talk about with Popcorn. Who helped us with this. Was it Anna? This was Anna Green. Very nice. So If you don't know what Popcorn is, we'll wait a second. You go ahead and Google Popcorn and then come back. I'm pretty sure most people know what Popcorn is because it's a global sensation. But I have to say I'm quite proud that Popcorn is through and through American and not just the United States version of American, Mexico, central America, south America, Canada.


Yeah. We'll include Canada. Sure. They love It. American in that sense, that is Popcorn through and through. Even still today, most of the Popcorn in the world comes from the Americas. That's right. And we should talk a little bit about corn because Popcorn is just a variety of corn. There are all kinds of varieties of corn and Popcorn is the Verta variety. And If you are corn, you have three main things. You have a hull may, they might call it a peric carp or maybe even the brand. I Like calling it the brand. The brand. And inside the hull you've got the germ and the endosperm. Yeah. And Popcorn specific hull. That outer shell that has that stuff inside of it, that is the main thing that makes it poppable corn.


And that's what makes it different than other kinds of corn because Popcorn has a, a really hard, hard outer shell, much harder than other varieties of corn. Yeah. And inside that hole, there's a much higher ratio of hard starch to soft starch and all that sounds well and good, but a little tidbit I never ever knew until this episode was like, what is making that stuff pop? And it's very simple, right? It is. It's awesome. It's a little, tiny bit of water. Yeah. Apparently anything less than 13% water inside the, the Popcorn kernel is not good enough. But I think you mean the hull. Yes, you're right. Sorry. Or the brand as you like to say.


The Brand. Yeah. Brand to me is like mast. It's like one of those homey words. I love it. Yeah. It, so the sweet spot is between 13 and 20% water content inside the brand. And when you heat that because the the brand is non-porous, that that steam that gets generated gets trapped inside. Well as we all know, when Steam expands, it really expands. Yeah. And it expands so much that it blows, it blows the Popcorn inside out. Yeah. And that what you're eating, the the white styrofoamy deliciousness that you're eating that is the starch while you're heating that kernel up.


I'm sorry, that hole. Yeah. I guess it's a kernel too. And that waters is, is turning into steam and expanding the consistency of that starch is changing. Becoming more pliable. Yeah. AKA edible and you're in eating that interior starch and you can still, you know that that little thing that gets stuck in your teeth, that's the last bit of that hull. Yeah. That has exploded. And like you said, anything like when you get that unpopped stuff at the bottom and you're like, what was your problem? Why didn't you do what you were told? They say, I got less than 13% more. Exactly. That's probably the case. It also could be the case where that hu was was fractured or something was wrong with that hull. Yeah.


Something's wrong with it. It ain't right. Yeah. And so you're like, okay, well why doesn't Rice pop suckers? Why doesn't, why doesn't wheat pop smart guys? Well it turns out it's because they have porous holes, so steam will come out of them. Yeah. It won't build up pressure inside like it does Popcorn. So Popcorn is a very unique darling peculiar little thing that everybody loves. Yeah. I don't don't, don't even come at us like you don't love Popcorn. Everyone loves Popcorn. Sorry. Agreed. And we're gonna get some, some yum juckers that are gonna say they hate Popcorn. I just don't get it. I don't get it either. There's a guy named Andrew Smith and he's, he's a Popcorn aficionado and and popped culture pretty, pretty great name for something on the internet.


Yep. He has gone through and shared Popcorn varieties that were sold in the early, I guess 20th century between 1901 and 1902. He said some of these may be different names, you know, like the same thing that was named different by whoever was growing it. But they had some pretty fun names like Tom Thumb Popcorn or Tattooed Yankee. But Popcorn wasn't sold commercially at scale like that. Maybe, maybe a couple of varieties were, but there it seemed to be a lot more sort of local varieties that people could grow and just sell kind of locally. But again, it's not branded or anything at this point. You're just buying it by like the scoop or the bag.


Yeah, it was all Popcorn. It was just a generic term for Popcorn. It was all called Popcorn. But I think in the mid 19th century or later 19th century companies started to come along and basically branded their own version. And there was even a mascot in the 1870s called Colonel Pop. Love that one. I couldn't find a picture of him, could you? No, but that's because I did not look Same here. And the, there's actually a Popcorn company from not too far after Colonel Pop was developed 1914 called the American Popcorn Company. And they're the people who make jolly timey Popcorn. And if you've never made Jolly Time Popcorn, you should just do it.


Just go buy one of those little foil things that has all the stuff you need to pop the corn in it. And as it pops, like the foil expands. It's just such a great little thing. Word of advice, though. I learned this the hard way. Don't do it on a ceramic cooktop. It's really, really bad for the ceramic cooktop. Oh wait, I'm talking about Jiffy Pop Jolly time comes in the bags. Yeah. Yeah. Still you should try Jiffy Pop. I guess, I mean, before we go further, I'm curious of how you, how do you pop your Popcorn? You know, I don't very much, we have like a stir crazy, I don't remember who makes it, but it's like the, the, the big like black heavy bottom with like a thing that spins around slowly on it so that it stirs your, your Popcorn apparently in a crazy way.


And then it pop, pop pops. But it's mechanical. A transparent, well there's a hamster that runs the whole thing. I guess technically it's mechanical energy, but there's like a transparent yellow bowl that keeps it from popping out and then you just turn it upside down. Okay. Yeah. And then you have your bowl of Popcorn right there. So you got the old school sort of MEChA. You plug it in and it turns the little stirring thing. Yeah. But weirdly we got it in the last few years. Great. We tried air popping for a while and that's just like punishment Garbage. I use a whirly pop that is the stove top thing. Okay. That you put, you know, on, on, on your stove. I have a gas stove, so it's cooking with gas and you, you hand crank that thing and it stirs it around.


You need a hamster. I do. Those are like 70 bucks. So, you know, not cheap, but not expensive. There's also more expensive brands like that that are like a couple of hundred bucks, like the Pop smith. But the the whole point is you're cooking it on your stove top and you're turning it yourself. Right. And that's how I like to do it. I use the, the oil, you know, the, that yellow oil that's got the butter flavor in it. And I just do a little bit of that Popcorn salt. 'cause I, I love salt, but that stuff is super salty and goes a long way. I saw. Yeah, for sure. There's a specific kind called flava call and that's what the movie theaters use.


Yeah. And it's designed to dissolve an oil and get in every part of a Popcorn pop Popcorn. I can't remember, I saw the name for what? Oh, flake. That's what a pop Popcorn is called. Did you know that? Yeah, I did not know that. Well, at any rate, it's meant to get in every crevice and nook and cranny of a, a popped flake and yeah, I would guess it doesn't take very much of that stuff. Yeah. And, and we don't pop Popcorn a lot. Like we should do it for every single family movie night because there's really no reason not to. But you know, Ruby loves it. The family loves it. So I'm gonna start popping more Popcorn, but let's Go back to, wait, wait, I'm not quite done.


I should say more like more often than not it's microwave Popcorn that we do. Sorry, I'm judging you. Yeah, it's all right. I can take it. I just don't like it. What about smart food? I like that stuff too. Yeah. Bagged Popcorn, that's a whole other game, but a huge industry. Yeah. Remember it used to be on our, what do they call it? Our rider? Yeah. Like you had to give us smart pop Popcorn backstage at our shows. Yeah. It's, It's a good snack. Low calorie filling For sure. And cheesy Pleasing to the tongue. Yeah. Let's go back a little bit though and talk about cultivation because If you look at, you know, indigenous Americans before Europeans came along and, and wrecked everything, they were farming Popcorn in south and central America.


Mainly in North America where it was farmed, it was in the southwest and of the United States and Mexico, or I guess most of that was Mexico at the time. But when non-indigenous Americans, you know, white Europeans came here, they started farming Popcorn in New England and that Was a Surprise. Yeah. Through most of the 19th century. That was sort of the, the center of Popcorn I guess growing and manufacturing until eventually it moved to the Midwest and Chicago became the hub of Popcorn. Yes. Which explains why Chicago is a caramel corn town. And despite the fact that people in Chicago won't admit it, Chicago is a caramel corn town, But most of the Popcorn these days in that comes through the United States, well not most, but 25% of the Popcorn popped in the US is grown in Nebraska, should be no surprise, but also grown in places like Kansas, Michigan, Kentucky, Indiana, Ohio, Missouri, Illinois, and Iowa.


Yeah. Apparently also Brazil and Argentina grow a lot of it too. Yeah. Okay. So Chuck a, a big question is whether popcorn's healthy and the answer is a resounding yes. If you just air pop Popcorn and only eat Popcorn undressed in anything and not cooked in oil. That's right. But what kind of serial killer does that? Yeah, it is, it's, it's low in calorie. Like I said, it's a really good source of fiber. It's a a hundred percent whole grain. And If you eat one serving is three cups of Popcorn. If you eat three cups of Popcorn, that's about 15% of your daily recommended fiber intake.


So If you double that, you're getting 30%. I saw. So I was like, there's gotta be something wrong with Popcorn. And I searched dark side of Popcorn and the best I could come up with is that it's, there's enough fiber in it that If you have irritable bowel syndrome, you need to be careful of your Popcorn intake. That's the worst thing anyone has to say about Popcorn. Yeah. You can also get about three grams of protein per serving. 18 grams of carbs, one gram of fat. You can get vitamin B six a, EK, riboflavin, bine, niacin, folate. So it's, it's pretty good for you. The nutritional values are gonna shift some when you cook it in oil and add toppings and butter flavored stuff.


But it's not like it destroys the nutritional value that fiber's still in there. Right? Yeah, For sure. It just makes it less healthy. You know, you got all the problems that you have for eating butter and not just eating butter but liquid butter. Wow. You want to talk about where Popcorn came from because I do. Yes. So like I said, Popcorn is indigenous to the Americas and that's because corn is indigenous to the Americas as far as we can tell. Especially If you read 1492, corn was domesticated from the wild teti plant as far back as 9,000 years ago. And the whole thing began in Mexico and it was such a good idea that it spread throughout central and South America.


Right? Yes. Popcorn itself is not that much younger. Maybe about 2,500 years or so. Yeah. I mean 6,700 years ago there was Popcorn. We just, you know, don't know exactly when people started eating it. Right. But we do have archeological evidence. I think people have found Popcorn buried with people in like South America. And I think there was one burial in Peru maybe where the, the burial was a thousand years old. But the, the Popcorn was still viable. Like you could have popped it. Imagine eating thousand year old funeral burial Popcorn.


Yeah. That would really be something. Yeah. It's probably in some fancy menu somewhere in a fancy restaurant. Yeah. One of those underground restaurants for Richie's where they eat people. Yeah. Where they eat ancient foods And people Yeah. Disguised as tasty. Right. There is written documentation. I believe the first written documentation of Popcorn comes from when the Europeans came over again to the Americas. There was a missionary in the 16th century named Bernardino. He was not Italian. Really? No. And he claimed Aztecs were wearing Popcorn garland.


So it was already being used as sort of a, a decorative and They called it Momo Cheadle. Okay. And there was a 17th century missionary name, I'm not even gonna try his, his last name was Cobo, I can say that one. And he saw Peruvians toasting a quote, a certain kind of corn until it burst clearly Popcorn. Yeah. They called it Pence and Ka. Cool. That's all I got. Good stuff. Yeah. So yes they were, they were, these guys were witnessing Popcorn and you would think like, oh okay, well it would immediately become a big deal everywhere. That's not necessarily the case. Despite there being a, a legend that Popcorn was introduced to the pilgrims at the first Thanksgiving.


That seems to have been a 19th century invention, which is actually about the time that Popcorn became a favored American snack in the United States. Yeah. We should probably take a break and come back and talk about what happened from there. Huh? I think that's a great idea Chuck. Alright, We'll be right back. Wanna learn about a terrorist How to take a perfect everything Josh. Word up Jerry.


This July 4th celebrate freedom from spills, stains and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas start at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable. Slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces you can rearrange any time it's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off sitewide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees, every penny back. Declare independence from dirty outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Hey everybody, Stuff You Should Know today is sponsored by Liquid IV and I gotta tell you, it's peak hydration season and Liquid IV is a perfect companion for your hottest summer plans. I love the Liquid iv. It's super easy and convenient. You just tear it, you pour it some water, you mix it up and it tastes really great and hydrates you. Yeah, it's also exhilarating 'cause they've just launched an exhilarating new flavor Chuck called Arctic raspberry and Liquid IV has sugar free options powered by UV Hydroscience for smart hydration. That's right. Just one stick in 16 ounces of water is gonna hydrate better than water alone. And it also has three times the electrolytes of the leading sports drink. Yeah. It's an optimized ratio of electrolytes, essential vitamins and clinically tested nutrients that turn ordinary water into extraordinary hydration. So no matter what your summer brings, tear pour, live more. Go to liquid iv.com and get 20% off your first order with code stuff at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with code stuff@liquidiv.com.


This episode of Stuff You Should Know is brought to you by human footprint Season two on PBS and the PBS app. The Emmy nominated series returns to reveal the global impact of earth's most ingenious and most destructive species humans. Every Coffee cup, every outfit, every glass of water connects to a global web of survival that will change how you see the world journey across continents with host and Princeton biologist Shane Campbell Staton and witness firsthand how our choices reshaped the planet. That's right. Go down the Colorado River to expose humanity's age old obsession with controlling water. Follow him from New York supermarkets to rural Thailand. Discovering how grocery stores didn't just change shopping, they rewired civilization itself. Yeah. And discover Chili's, textile graveyards where your shirt's true cost lies buried. Explore biotech labs and beaver ponds to uncover the species we've recruited as biological allies. And discover fossils and tombed in tar and cells frozen in time, tracing the arc of extinction from prehistory to the present. See your world differently. Watch human footprint season two on PBS.


So Euro-Americans knew of Popcorn long before they started eating it. It was just associated with Native Americans. It was a Native American thing. They love their Popcorn. But in the 19th century, as far back as the 1820s, people selling seeds started selling Popcorn seeds kind of slowly but surely started to gain traction. Thoreau was a fan, he called Popcorn, a perfect winter flower, which seems like a mist to me. And in 1848, Popcorn showed up in the debut edition of the dictionary of Americanisms. And I was looking through that Chuck and keep a stiff upper lip was in there too, which I associate a hundred percent with the uk but apparently that's American.


Oh, I had never really thought about where that might've come from. I always thought it was the uk but I was wrong. Well, as far as Popcorn goes, they used to make it in all kinds of crazy ways early on. Sometimes they would just throw it in a fire and wear it for it to pop out I guess, and eat it with a little little ash on it. Gross. Sometimes they would put like an iron, like a iron plank on a fire. Like you might do steamed oysters or something if you're, if you're sitting by the beach these days okay. And you've got some oysters and you throw a a wet towel over those oysters with Popcorn, you could just throw those kernels on that hot plate, stir 'em around just like it was on your stove top and wait for it to pop.


What's the towel for? The towel is for the oysters to steam them. Oh, so you cover the oysters with the towel and it keeps the steam inside? Yeah, yeah. With the wet towel. Okay, Gotcha, gotcha. Yeah And creates that steam. So, but that's oysters. This is neither here nor there. Okay. So a frying pan obviously is one way. You could have popped it early on, but those things were really, really heavy to work with. They still are very heavy to work with as far as like holding one and shaking it over a hot fire and before they had gas stoves, You know, you gotta nail the Popcorn heating temperature or else you're gonna scorch it and it's not gonna taste great or it's never gonna pop. So until gas stove came along it was just harder. Yeah. So it wasn't quite as popular, you know?


Yeah. Although you can imagine there were some country women who had like a much bigger, stronger right arm from popping Popcorn. Oh sure. In the Iron skillet. Yeah. Dead giveaway that they were a Popcorn fan. Yeah. Finally in 1866 the first patent was issued for a Popcorn popper and it was essentially just like, you know, those old timey toast makers, there's like a, it's like a iron rod and ends in like a mesh basket that you'd put the, the bread in and toast it. Yeah. Something like that. But the mesh was thin enough that it, the, the Popcorn brand wouldn't fall out when you're popping it and it would just go pop, pop, pop pop. My feet can't stop.


They still make those for camping. You know, you can still get those. Okay, That makes sense. Well that is the first patented Popcorn popper that came on the market and it was, I mean, still hard to do, but it was much lighter than holding an iron skillet over the fire until your Popcorn popped. Yeah. At the very least it's lighter and had a much longer handle. Right. So people were like, okay, I can kind of get into this. And that's when it just started to to take off. Yeah. So that was 1866, like you said. So in the 1870s if there was a public event you were gonna be able to buy Popcorn there. Anything that had a concession stand was gonna be selling Popcorn by that time. And in the 1890s there was a guy named Charles C-R-E-T-O-R-S creditors, I guess in 1893.


He was a confectionary shop owner in Ohio and he patented, I guess the first sort of mobile portable Popcorn machine that he adapted from a peanut roaster and of his own design. And all of a sudden you could have like a Popcorn stand on a sidewalk and that became like a thing. People were buying Popcorn 'cause it was always pretty cheap. Yeah. I looked at a picture that says glorious. It's super cool. It's got like the big old penny farthing wheels on it. It's just, I would love to buy Popcorn from it. You know why a penny th farthing is called that? No. Because one wheel was relatively the size of a penny to the size of a farthing. Oh wow. That's neat. Is that kinda like that thing where like if earth was the size of a a pinhead, the sun would be the size of a basketball.


Exactly. So this is the 19th century I think we made it through, right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So by the 20th century? Well no we haven't quite made it either. 'cause I think we would be remiss to not mention cracker jacks. Yeah. I mean people in the late 19th century were into pop like sweet Popcorn balls and making Popcorn sweet and delicious. So it was a dirty lie when you said that we made it out of the 19th century So dirty. I mean this was 1896. We were so close. So, but they were, they were eating sweet Popcorn in the 1840s. I think Cracker Jack came along in 96. Yes. So another thing that people put Popcorn to use for, again, people are starting to get pretty crazy with with this, remember our live episode on the Kellogg Brothers at the Battle Creek.


Battle Creek Sanitarium. Before they started serving cereal there, cereal, John Harvey, Kellogg's wife, Ella Kellogg introduced Popcorn as a cereal, a breakfast cereal with milk and a sweetener. And it was essentially the predecessor to the Corn Flakes and the brand flakes and everything that came after that. And in my opinion, it was the direct indirect predecessor of Corn Pops, which are still around today, but they came out in 1950 and were one of my all time favorite cereals. Oh okay. I was like, what is Corn Pops? Yeah, yeah, corn Pops. Yeah. Yeah. She called it Popcorn Pudding. And there's a historian name Andrew Smith that was basically like Popcorn may have been what cereal became if it hadn't have been for other grain manufacturers really getting super aggressive with the breakfast cereal companies being like, no, no, no, you want to use bran or oat or whatever.


Yeah. Don't be stupid. Another thing you could use it for back then that I have recently used it for is for flour. You could grind Popcorn into flour and I have had this pancake Popcorn pancake mix in my house, which is pretty good and way better for you than pancakes. Oh yeah, yeah. It's gluten free. Right? Yeah. And it is good you're not just saying that. No, it's because you spend some money on by God you're gonna like it. I, I can't remember the name of the company unfortunately, but you could, you can find that out pretty easily. I saw a recipe for Popcorn bread and I was like, wow, that sounds interesting. And If you look closely there's like five other types of, of flour in it.


Yeah. It's just popcorn's just part of it. Yeah. I'd still eat it if somebody else made it, you know? Yeah. So we finally made it to the 20th century and the reason the 20th century became such a big deal as far as Popcorn goes is because that is when movies started to come out. At first they were silent movies and then talkies and movie theaters started to open throughout the United States. And very quickly people were like, Popcorn and movies go together really well. But it turns out the theater owners were the last ones to figure this out. Yeah. They were like, this stuff is a disaster of a mess. It's all over the floor and it still is, but they deal with it because they make a ton of money selling it.


It was the depression coming along where theater owners were like, Hey, wait a minute, people don't have a lot of money right now. Popcorn is very, very cheap. It's very affordable snack. So they, people were selling Popcorn outside of theaters that people could bring in, much like my mother did in the 1980s in her purse. Same. Yep. And they finally were like, Hey, maybe we could lease lobby space, these Popcorn vendors and just have them sell it in here. And then someone was like, wait a minute, we're, what are we doing? We're doing this all wrong. We need to pop and sell this Popcorn 'cause the markup is incredible and we're just losing money. So they started, you know, it became hand in hand with theaters making profits from the concessions largely Popcorn.


Yes. I mean like a lot of money off of Popcorn. There's a, a well trod story about a theater owner from during the Depression named RJ McKenna who found that Popcorn was basically keeping his theater afloat during the depression. People didn't really have much money for a movie theater ticket, but if they did, they still had money enough for Popcorn 'cause it was a cheap snack. So RJ McKenna made the very wise business decision of lowering his ticket prices below what he would've made a profit on because he made so much money off of Popcorn in the concession stands. And I think they, like the number that's bandied about is $200,000 from Popcorn alone, which is more than four and a half million dollars today if that's in 1930 $6 from Popcorn.


Big, Big Profits. Yeah, for sure. And he said a bit of a tradition as we'll, find out that popcorn's still big profits. Yeah, big time During World War ii there were sugar shortages. So sweet treats were on the, the weighing, I guess, and salty treats Rose and Popcorn was right at the center of that. Apparently Americans were eating three times more Popcorn in the 1940s than they ever had before. And also in the, you know, the connection to movie theaters strengthened during the 1940s in 1945, more than half the Popcorn people were eating in the United States was in those movie theaters. Yeah. And there's a another really great, or I wanna say it's an urban legend, but it actually happened A guy named James Vicar or Vickery, who we've talked about before, because he was the, basically the inventor of subliminal advertising, even though subliminal advertising isn't really a thing.


But the reason he ties into this is because he supposedly experimented on people showing frames interlaced within movies that popped up so quickly that you couldn't perceive them, you only perceived them subliminally. And they said things like, go eat more Popcorn and Popcorn sales. Like tripled supposedly, even though the whole thing was a total fraud. And the guy made it up. It's still worth mentioning If you ask me, He didn't actually even do that. He said later that he, he made all of that up. Yeah. He never even did the subliminal advertising. Yeah, I saw that too. Yeah. So that, that was just a, a fraud from top to bottom. Prior to the thirties, most of the Popcorn was white corn, but movie theaters moved to the yellow corn variety and it just looked better.


It looked buttery even though it wasn't. And people that just became the defacto Popcorn that you mainly eat here in the United States is that yellow corn. I think by 1990 10% of commercially sold Popcorn was white corn. Let me ask you, do you get buttered Popcorn at the movies? I get Popcorn and the A MC that I go to here has the, the do your own butter. That's not butter by the way at all. No, no, it's butter flavored oil and and stuff. But I add, you know, when I was a kid I would just drench it in that stuff. Now I do not now I I I do like that flavor, but I'll just do a pretty sparing couple of squirts and shakes.


Yeah. I never was into it even as a kid. Yeah. I tried to be and I just couldn't get into it for some reason. I think 'cause it just wets the Popcorn and I don't like Popcorn wet. Mm. I love it. But it's just you, you can't have it drenched in that stuff. Like that's when it's really bad for you is when you're just like dumping all that oil on there. Sure, sure. But, but a little bit a a like, and I'll shake it up and you get, You know, you get, I get enough of that flavor just from a dab. Good. I respect our differences. Here's the thing though, with TV coming along, the Popcorn industry was really, really worried that like, oh no, like, you know, all this Popcorn is being eaten. Movie theaters like we're toast because people aren't gonna go to the movies anymore because of tv.


Right. A a that didn't really happen. People still went to the movies back then, but what they found out was people loved popping that Popcorn at home while they watched tv and you could also have Popcorn ads on tv. And so people with their televisions were eating more Popcorn than ever in the 1950s. Yeah. Well you know what stuck out to me from that, that anecdote Chuck is like, that's a an example of early disruption, right? Yeah. Where people are like, oh, there's a change, there's a huge sea change in the way people do things. So this thing is going to totally go away forever. Right. And just since the internet age we found that just doesn't really happen. Like everything from bookstores to paper to, I don't know, seeing people in person we're all just destined to just go away.


Yeah. 'cause they've been replaced and it's just not how it goes. Which I think is kind of neat to understand because it makes you a little less fearful of change or technology or progress in some ways. I agree. Although anyone who's listened to the end of the world knows there's plenty of technology to be scared of. It's gotta be selective. Yeah. And you know, there are dents in industries for sure. Like, you know, newspapers and magazines a lot. Some have shuttered, but If you believed, you know what the, the scare tactics everyone's gonna be like, you're never gonna hold a newspaper again after a certain year. Yeah. Newspapers though, that one did take a pretty hard hit, but it wasn't necessarily because of the internet, it was because of captains of industry essentially realizing that they could capture journalism if they, if they defunded local news.


And that's exactly what happened. And I, I don't remember what episode it was on, but there's this, there's a YouTube podcast that I love you me introduced it to me or me to it. One of the two called Doom Scroll. It's hosted by a guy named Joshua Cinderella and he has the most interesting guests on who are just, they just think and talk about their thoughts. And I mean like it's, it's all rooted in, you know, like academia or research or something. They're not just riffing or anything like that. But one of them was talking about that, that capture and what happened to it. And it, it's just so strange to think like, yeah, local newspapers went away, but the effect that that had on democracy and on people being informed and just generally caring about stuff, that was a huge, huge deal.


A allegedly. Did he eat Popcorn when they said this stuff? No. That've been great. I don't think he did. No, he drinks like LaCroix instead. No. Alright, well let's take our second break and we will finish up with Popcorn right after this. Wanna Learn about a t how to take a perfect F murder? Explain everything explode. And Josh should know word up Jerry


This July 4th celebrate freedom from spills, stains and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas start at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable. Slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces you can rearrange any time it's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off sitewide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees. Every penny back. Declare independence from dirty outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


This episode of Stuff You Should Know is brought to you by human footprint Season two on PBS and the PBS app. The Emmy nominated series returns to reveal the global impact of earth's most ingenious and most destructive species, humans. Every Coffee cup, every outfit, every glass of water connects to a global web of survival that will change how you see the world journey across continents with host and Princeton biologist Shane Campbell Staton and witness firsthand how our choices reshaped the planet. That's right. Go down the Colorado River to expose humanity's age old obsession with controlling water. Follow him from New York supermarkets to rural Thailand. Discovering how grocery stores didn't just change shopping, they rewired civilization itself. Yeah. And discover Chili's, textile graveyards where your shirt's true cost lies buried. Explore biotech labs and beaver ponds to uncover the species we've recruited as biological allies. And discover fossils, ent tombed in tar and cells frozen in time. Tracing the arc of extinction from prehistory to the present. See your world differently. Watch human footprint season two on PBS.


Hey everybody summer's here and we're all chasing something. A break, a goal, a vibe or whatever it is. Let's not let bad socks and blisters ruin it. That's right. We're talking about Bombas of course because Bombas make socks that keep up with whatever your summer looks like, whether you're running a marathon or just a few errands. Yeah. You know that song that makes you want to go fast when you're running BAA's. Running socks are like that. They wick sweat help you keep cool and they fight blisters and such as running. They make specialized pairs for hiking, tennis, golf, whatever you're into. They've got fresh white tees you barely have to break in. They've got waterproof slides for the beach backyard and everywhere in between. And buttery soft sweat wicking underwear that feels barely There. Yeah. And I know we're both fans so those no CM socks because they actually stay put on that ankle. So head on over to bombas.com/sys K and use code SY sk for 20% off your first purchase. That's BOM bs.com/syk code SY sk at checkout.


Alright, so we talked a little bit about innovations and how to pop Popcorn over the years. That is still evolving. I feel like every few years there's some new sort of weird gadget to pop Popcorn with. I did Not know that man. Yeah. Electricity coming along was a big deal obviously for electric Popcorn poppers like you have. Well you and your electric hamster. That is, yeah. They had a drawback though because they, they were dangerous. The early electric Popcorn poppers were like fires waiting to happen essentially. I think in the late sixties, consumer bulletin examined all the most popular ones and one of them they determined did not post safety hazards.


Yeah. That's the one we have. Yeah. From 1968. Although the hamster that runs our Popcorn popper did come with a little fire chief's hat that he wears. It's so cute. So yeah, that's, that's another interesting thing about Popcorn. If you, If you kind of track its trajectory, it just keeps evolving with new stuff. Like anytime something new comes along that you can apply to Popcorn, whether it's movies or TVs or electricity, people apply it to Popcorn. Like it's just this little thing lurking in the background that's been woven into our culture so thoroughly and for so long you just look right past it and then it trips you as you walk by and you suddenly recognize how important Popcorn is.


Yeah. TV time was another one we already mentioned Jiffy Pop but TV time was a, it was just a, a packaging innovation where they had like sealed Popcorn to keep it really fresh and then also separate kinda like fun dip separate compartments for seasonings and oil. So it was kind of an all in one thing. So just even little innovations that aren't mechanical like packaging innovations like microwave Popcorn I guess we could get to because that really changed the game. Yeah. And we've talked about this guy plenty of times. He was kind of like the hayflick limit for a while on early. Yeah. Stuff You Should Know. He came up a lot. But a guy named Percy Spencer worked for the Raytheon company and he was in charge of creating magnetrons.


I can't remember what he was doing with them. I think they were for like radar or something and he was standing next to one at some point and he had a chocolate bar. I'm guessing Mr. Goodbar. That's what I've always envisioned. Yeah. In his front pocket. Like a total nerd. 'cause obviously his shirt was also a short sleeve button down shirt and the, the Mr. Goodbar melted in his pocket and he thought, Hmm, that's curious. He like, I was saving this right after lunch E exactly. No, it's just oozy. And then he decided almost immediately to see what happens with Popcorn If you could do the same thing with Popcorn. And he, he did it. Yeah. And so like microwaves and Popcorn microwave Popcorn grew in lockstep from the very beginning.


In fact he even in his 1946 patent for the microwave showed Popcorn being popped. So it was always sort of tied together. The first commercial microwaves were very big and expensive and not really for the home. They were more for restaurants. So once they went to the house, microwave Popcorn was, was right there along with it. In 1951, a, a gentleman named Orville Redenbacher got together with a guy named Charles Bowman and bought a corn plant in Indiana and experimented with different versions of Popcorn varieties and landed on the red bow variety. And in 1969 started selling Orville Redden Baer branded Popcorn. And here's what I didn't know, they sold that brand six years later.


They sold it in 1976. Wow. To, to hunt Wessin foods. But he was just the name and face of it. So he stayed the name and face of it. Wow. Yeah. And I Red Bo variety. You said, I wonder if they named it after his penchant for red bow ties or he started wearing red bow ties because of the variety. I don't think they named the variety, so I betcha he started wearing that thing because of that. Okay. There you go. He also just said one more thing about Orville Ocker there. His Eames lounge chair. You know the one with the the ottoman? Yeah. He had one in his office in I think Nebraska Omaha or something. And it's still out there.


Orville Redden, Baer's Eames lounge chair from his office is out there somewhere in the world. Like someone owns it. Yes. I've coveted it ever since I first heard about that. Not just an Eames chair. You want Orville Redden Baer's Eames chair. Yes. Okay. And I still, I don't know why I've never really stepped back and asked myself, but it's, hey, it just got me for some reason. I mean, you can't be a Gen Xer and not have a soft spot for Orville Redden Baer and the Bartles and James guys. Oh Yeah, they were great. They were wonderful dudes. They were the predecessor of pen teller I think. Yeah, I think you're right. So yeah, we talked about microwaves and how microwaves started coming to the home and microwave Popcorn came along quickly after that.


I think 1981 was when you could start buying microwave Popcorn. And like I said, it's a like a global phenomenon. I think I said it at the outset. Everybody knows Popcorn, whether you love it or not, you know about Popcorn, you know where to buy it. And there's different tastes around the world, as you might imagine. Apparently in the United States, the favorite flavors of Popcorn are salted, buttered, white cheddar. Mm. Regular cheddar. So white cheddars finally overtaken regular cheddar. This is a big deal as it should. And then kettle, which is the sweet kind. I like a kettle corn. That's all right. I've never been crazy for it, but I, you know, if somebody put it in my mouth, I wouldn't just spit it out.


Right. I'm gonna try that sometimes, see what happens. Hmm. Backstage at our next live show, I'm just gonna stuff some kettle corn in your mouth. Do you remember when we were filming a, we were filming some commercial I think, and we were eating Popcorn at the movies for this, the, this part of the commercial. And we did well, like one take. And then Chad, our friend, the director directed the stuff he TV show. He came over and he is like, just one note, don't mash a handful of Popcorn into your mouth all at once. And he goes, that's a note for a regular life too. Oh no. Yeah.


And so how Else are you supposed to eat it? I don't know. Like, I guess you hold it in one hand and then like dly pluck a few out. Oh, with your other hand. That's what I've seen people do in the movies, but I like that. Yeah. I just put my hand in a bag of Popcorn or a bowl of Popcorn, just shove it into my face as best that because, because That's, you supposed To see Popcorn. Okay. I'm, I'm on your side. It's not just me. But yeah, Chad made it seem like it was just me. Isn't it a little funny that, do you ever think about that? We used to get way more opportunities to do that stuff very much earlier in our career. Yeah. I think also that we've kind of mellowed out in our quest or our willingness to do stuff like that.


We've kind of like, Like we said, no too much. Yeah. We're kinda like, Hey, we're happy podcasting. We've tried so many different things and it's always just come back to podcasting that I think we're just like, yeah, we're happy living this way. I mean I am, I'm, I'm, I'm kind of glad now that I'm older and have a, you know, family at home this and I have to travel to do that stuff. It just seems weird. Like earlier on I felt like TV shows were trying to get us on to be like talk show guest or like Toy do Toyota commercials. Yeah. Or hey, come on and talk about the housing crisis for the NBC and like just nobody asks anymore. And it's, it's quite wonderful. Yeah, it is nice. Yeah. I love it. Anyway, If you go around the country, you're gonna get some interesting flavors in Japan apparently there's a bagged Popcorn company called Mike that FritoLay owns and they have of course like yuzu salt or chu plum Popcorn.


So you're gonna get some, some pretty exciting flavors when you travel around the world, depending what they like there. Yeah. And I know for a fact it's not pronounced Mike, but I failed to ask Yumi how to pronounce it. So, Oh, what is it? Meke? We'll go with Mike, but it's not Mike. Well of course it's not Mike, but I'm an American so No, I'm with you. I just wish I knew how to say it. But you probably were right with Meke. What else could it Be? Meke, Nike, Kinda. Yeah. Mikey, what else? Chuck, is there anything else to say about Popcorn? Oh, I know one, apparently people have used Popcorn as like a packaging like Yeah, stuffer for like Packing peanuts.


Yeah, packing peanuts but Popcorn instead since like the 1950s. But the problem is, is If you use Popcorn it can get kind of gross. Especially If you didn't think and you popped it in oil and covered it with butter before you put it in as a packaging material. Yeah. It, it'll just get gross. It can attract pests and stuff like that. So no one's quite figured it out. But I guess a few years back, 2021, there's some German researchers who are like hot on the trail of this using scraps of corn that is like that, that you get off the floor of like a corn flake factory that they figured out how to pop and it, it's essentially styrofoam but it's made of Popcorn and I'm like, hurry up with this because styrofoam is one of the worst things humans produce on this entire planet.


Yeah, totally. Packing peanuts are a nightmare. They Really are. So yeah, maybe Popcorn could could help out with that. Just a couple of things to finish on it is an $850 million industry I guess in the United States alone. That bag Popcorn, like the smart pop and all that stuff combined is about 1.5 billion. So It is. It is. It's popping. Yeah, it's popping. It's popping. And I'm glad that we held onto the stat 'cause we kind of teased about movie theaters and how much the markup was and how much money they made. The Popcorn markup in movie theaters is 1275%.


I totally buy that. That actually seems low. Yeah, it's such a money maker because it's just so cheap to get and you get that machine that runs forever, maybe a little maintenance on it and then the stuff goes with it and then you sell it for a gazillion dollars for a bucket. Then you got that, that butter flavored liquid. That's no good If you, If you do like real butter on, on your Popcorn at home, I encourage that. 'cause real butter is great, but you gotta use clarified butter or ghee, right? Because the water and the milk solids are removed in those and that's what's gonna make the Popcorn soggy. So If you're just melting butter and pouring on your Popcorn, you're like, why is my Popcorn soggy and gross?


That's why use clarified butter or clarify your own butter and pour it over your Popcorn and it is delicious and not soggy. Very nice. I think that's it for Popcorn, right? I've got nothing else on Popcorn. Go forth and eat it. It's good and pretty good for you. Yeah. And check out that book by Andrew Smith Pop culture. 'cause it's the definitive toum on Popcorn. That's right. Well, since we talked about Andrew Smith, it's time obviously for listener mail. This is from Cecilia s and it's about our music bumpers that we've said before. But it always bears repeating. They are made by Stuff You Should Know listeners, they always have been.


Every single one of them are made by listeners and they send them in and it's really cool like interactive part of the show for the listenership guys. In terms of your music bumpers, I love the how they relate to the episode sub subject. If it's about an eerie subject, the song reflects that with an eerie tone or if it's a somber sad subject, the song reflects that. And there are many other examples. This brings to mind my father, who is a music director at the church we belong to growing up, he would sometimes fill in when the organist was unavailable and before and after mass, he would softly play hymns, but insert a bit of whimsy. For example, at the start of baseball season, he'd play a little, take me up to the ball game and the style of a hymn. Or during football season, the university fight song could be heard in the fashion of a solemn liturgical piece.


Many other instances of his playfulness, he had a big band combo in college in the 1940s and into the seventies. And they could sometimes be heard in church. Anyway, love the show. You both display such curiosity and knowledge and with wonderful wit and sensitivity when needed. Thank you to whoever is responsible for the music. It's not often I would say that about a podcast. So Cecilia, like we said, those are from the listeners. But Jerry, our esteemed third leg of our stool is who ties those so aptly to the subject matter with her own wit and whimsy. Yeah. Jerry deserves way more credit for that too. 'cause sometimes it's just like, man, you just knocked it out of the park with that pick Jerry.


She does. And we're never like, who, Jerry? This is a Halloween one, so make sure to use the scary bumper. Yeah, we don't do that. We leave it to Jerry. She does her thing. Yeah. And also huge, huge heartfelt thanks. And I think I just said thanks, but I really meant thanks to every single person who's ever sent in a music bumper because that's just such a, a cool, just little subtle part of the show. Yep. Having all those different great little pieces of music. Thank you to everybody who's ever done that. Thank you to everybody who's going to do it in the future. Even too. Yeah. 12 seconds or less. I think we say 16. I thought it was 12. Somewhere in that neighborhood between 12 and 16 seconds.


How about that? Yeah. But If you send in one of those 32nd long winds, you'll hear from me saying, this is great, but cut it down and we'll use it. Yeah. That's a note for for real life too. That's right. Well, If you wanna get in touch with us like Cecilia, you can send us an email too. Send it off to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


For adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity, refreshing sleep may be hard to come by and who likes to lag and drag through the day? OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking, or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lilly U-S-A-L-C,


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.