
In Orlando meetings, reach another level. Thanks to a growing list of award-winning restaurants, a world-class convention center, a great hotel community, easy access through the airport, and of course the weather. Andrew Moys, VP of Fan Expo HQ had this to say about Orlando Luxury hotels, Michelin restaurants, easy access through the airport. All those key things feed into the proper executive experience. And while you may know Orlando for its attractions, industries like healthcare, aerospace, and advanced manufacturing make it a hub for cutting edge businesses. And that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Learn more@orlandoforbusiness.com.


Brought to you by the Capital One Venture X Card Earn unlimited, two x miles on everything you buy and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus, receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel. Unlock a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X Card. What's in your wallet terms? Apply Lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.


Welcome to Stuff. You Should Know A, production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here too. And we're just getting conspiratorial here on Stuff You. Should Know. The podcast. That's right. The episode we wanted to do so much that it sat in our folder for four years, I believe it was. Yeah. The very beginning of 2021, I would say. Probably, Yeah. All right, let's do it. We are, I gotta say, it's gonna be nice to see that removed from my desktop. It's just been sitting there for so long, just Staring at you.


That cue like a big blinky winky eyeball. Yes. With a one single eyelash attached. So we should probably say at the outset to anybody tuning in that who is like part of the Q movement, we are going to approach this as if the everything the Q movement believes is not true or made up. Not from the perspective of people who believe in the Q movement. Although we'll explain a lot of the same stuff. I just don't want anybody to, you know, get five minutes in and be like, what is this? You know? Yeah. I think that's a fair COA and yeah, I mean, that's just the deal.


Oh yeah. We're taking the anthropological stance. Okay. Yeah. So let's, let's dive in, shall we? Well, let's give a little bit of a, a definition for the three people who've never heard of Q. Yeah. And also what I'm hoping is, is that there's a lot of people like me who actually probably, I probably knew more about it than some people even, but a lot of people probably show off, just sort of knew a little bit or know a little bit about what this thing was slash is, but, you know, didn't really know much about it. And it's just good to know about stuff. So hopefully that'll brighten some corners of your life as Well.


Yeah. And one thing I kept running into while researching this is that there's a lot of families that have been torn apart. Families, friendships. Sure. Because people will go down the Q rabbit hole and the, the friends and family that are like, that's not true. Get left behind. 'cause they haven't Yeah. Woken up yet. It's very sad. So yeah, it can really mess things up. So possibly there's some people listening to this who have lost friends or family that might be a little wiser to it and might be able to try to get their friend or family member back afterward. Who knows? Yeah. And the final COA, I guess, is that some of this stuff is, is so outlandish that it's hard to not laugh, but it's not funny at all.


It's dangerous and scary and sad. So if, if we, if I might laugh at something or giggle, I'm, it's not that I don't take it seriously, that it's a, a serious kind of thing that's happened. Yeah. I, it kind of like, not even kind of, it very much traipses into the territory of high camp, but is not at all being ironic or campy. It's just, just approach this as like, everything we're gonna say is believed seriously by people. Yes. In the Q movement. And it, sorry. QCOA number five. Oh boy, we're probably gonna get a lot wrong. This is an incredibly expansive ever evolving movement, conspiracy theory that, you know, we're not, we're gonna walk right past some stuff.


We're we, we might misspeak here there, but hopefully the general contours and outlines we're going to, we're going to get to be able to get across correctly. Alright. Onward. So this whole thing, the Q movement is a online conspiracy theory that essentially the world is run by a cabal of global elites, mostly liberals, Hollywood types, gov, high government officials, and that they do all sorts of nefarious things, which we'll get into in a second. But one of the things to understand about this first is that a lot of it is rooted in some really old existing conspiracy theories. In particular, a lot of anti-Semitic ones that have been around for centuries in particular, the blood libel is one that Jews for like a thousand years, essentially maybe longer, have been persecuted, executed, massacred because of rumors that they steal Christian babies and kill them and use their blood to make, leave bread or unleavened bread for Passover.


and that stuff gets around and people get all up in arms and scared about their kids being kidnapped. And then the next thing you know, Jewish people are dead because of this blood libel. That's part of it. And although Jewish people are targeted in some quarters, you don't have to be anti-Semitic to be a Anon member necessarily. That's right. Other things that it echoes from the past are something called the protocols of the elders of Zion, which was a, in the 19th and 20th century, another anti-Semitic conspiracy. Basically the, the tired trope that there's a global Jewish cabal kind of running the world, running the banking system, plotting to overthrow the gentile governments of the world.


We mentioned Henry Ford in our Henry Ford podcast was a believer in this kind of thing. And versions of this, versions of the blood libel have been sort of wrapped up, given a, a new, a brand new shine, a coat of wax, and was trotted out as Q, which is, and you know, Dave helped us with this many years ago. And thankfully Dave didn't quit his job and he's still around to, to help us out more. But it's a, it's a catchall, it's a, this conspiracy that you said is very vast, very wide ranging, but mostly has to do with these powerful liberal elites that are, some are pedophiles, some are Satan worshipers, some they claim literally eat children.


And we're talking about the Clintons of course. And we're talking about Tom Hanks and Oprah Winfrey and George Soros and Ellen DeGeneres and even the Dalai Lama. Yeah. And Pope Francis. So anybody who's even remotely left-leaning, who holds power in the world, especially in the government or you know, pop culture, they're probably a part of this secret cabal And. it checks all the boxes for pearl clutching. They run the world, they worship Satan. They're pedophiles and they're cannibals. Can you think of a worse group of people than that? I can't think of any other thing you could throw at the, at the wall to see what would stick. Like that's as bad as anything gets.


So the idea behind Q, what else could, I've been trying to think. Gimme something else. Maybe Philadelphia sports fans. Oh boy. Now we're gonna get some hate mail man. And death threats. That's where The hate mail's gonna come From, so I'm Just kidding. Brotherly love, right? Yeah. And batteries. So the whole thing though is that these people who are satanic pedophile Cannibals. Cannibals, thank you. Yeah. People new to the podcast are gonna be like, what's wrong with that one guy? It's hard to even get that sentence out with a Yeah, it is. Thanks man. That they run the world, they run things And.


it all happens below the surface. Everything that normies, like you, And I and probably most of the people listening to this podcast, believe is true, is brainwashed. We've been brainwashed by the Mainstream media to, to be given this line that things are the way they seem, when in reality things are not at all the way they seem. There's a satanic worshipping cult running the world and they're doing all sorts of terrible things. Those of us who don't believe in Q just have an awakened to this idea yet of what's actually reality. Right. So that's one part. Those are the bad guys. The good guys, or rather the good guy is former president and 2024 candidate Donald Trump, who according to Q in the theory was picked, handpicked by the leaders of the US military to fight these evil forces.


And everything that he, he does and, and tries to do is in service of that mission, anything working against him, even within his own party as part of the deep state plot. And they're all awaiting what's known or what they, they called the storm, which is when Trump reveals who he is and what he has done to fight these evil forces declares martial law. And everyone that has been a part of that secret cabal is rounded up by the military and tried and convicted and killed at which time that the great awakening will occur in which Trump and the Q supporters are allotted as heroes around the world.


Yeah. And this will, this will bring about the founding of a right wing authoritarian regime that Trump will lead. This is, again, this is what they believe is going on. So when Donald Trump became president, for some reason, he had to play along with this great charade that the liberal leftist satanists were producing, rather than, I don't, just being overt about what his mission was. So that means that since he had to play along, he had to leave little, like he had to give little winks and nods and leave what are called breadcrumbs, which are little bits of information or little clues that the Q community dissects discusses, argues over and what that's called as baking.


They take the breadcrumbs and they bake it. When they finally come to some sort of consensus or somebody comes up with the best craziest interpretation of it, that becomes basically the Q canon. and that spreads throughout social media. And then the Q movement just gets that much more solidified, that much more extensive. And because of these tweets on social media, some people say, well, what the heck are is everybody talking about? And we'll go look this stuff up and very often fall down the rabbit hole, rabbit hole and become Q members themselves. That's right. So are we done? Yep. That was it. That's everything you need to know about Q, everybody. Yeah.


Let's just read six ads and go home. There's two more things I wanted to add about this. Global satanist pedophile cannibal elite that's running the world secretly, they are also suspected by some to be actual lizard people, which is a direct ripoff of v the miniseries from the early eighties. And then secondly, the reason that they sacrifice the kids that they sexually abuse is 'cause they're after their adrenochrome. Which Is, yeah, this is, this is pretty fun. Metabol. It's so adrenochrome is metabolized adrenaline. It's oxidized adrenaline. And according to Q it's like the elixir of life. So these satanists are sacrificing kids to get their adrenochrome and drinking it.


And they're, they're staying forever young and vital. And there's a few things wrong with this one. It seems to be based on a misinterpretation of what Adrenochrome does and where you get it based on fear and loathing in Las Vegas. 'cause Hunter Thompson has basically a throwaway intimation that the adrenochrome that he does and goes on a crazy trip over, it can only be gotten from the adrenal gland of a, a live human right. That's right. and that is not true. You, it's synthesized in a lab. You can, it's, it's available. That is not true at all. So none of that is true. Okay.


So I think we laid the foundation pretty well. Like that's, that's essentially the greatest broad strokes of, of what people in Q believe is going on in reality. That's right. Should we take a break? I think so. Alright, we'll come back and we'll talk about pizza right after this.


Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a renewed commitment to progress. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of trucks in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out the ultra rugged new Tacoma built for off-road adventure or everyday practicality or test drive a heavy duty half ton tundra. Check out with modern tech and comfort with a haul anything attitude. And both Tacoma and Tundra are available with the I Force Max Hybrid powertrain giving your truck more power than ever before. Quality, reliability, efficiency, that's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


This season get premium tech that inspires joy from Dell Technologies. Bring projects to life with the XPS 16. It delivers supercharged processing for enhanced productivity and freedom to express yourself. Performance class Dell PCs with Intel core ultra processors deliver a dedicated engine to help accelerate ai, enjoy free shipping, Dell rewards and expert support. When you get a Dell PC with ai, it gives back shop now at dell.com/deals.


When you're hiring for your small business, you wanna find quality professionals that are right for the role. That's why you have to check out LinkedIn Jobs. LinkedIn Jobs has the tools to help find the right professionals for your team faster and free. That's right on LinkedIn. 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. Hire professionals like professionals on LinkedIn. Yeah. LinkedIn knows that small businesses are wearing so many hats that they don't have the time or resources to hire. So LinkedIn is constantly finding ways to make the process easier. They even just launched a feature that helps you write job descriptions, making the process even easier and quicker. LinkedIn does all that while making the process easy and intuitive. No wonder two and a half million small businesses use LinkedIn for hiring. So post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash sy, SK 23, that's LinkedIn dot com slash sy SK 23 to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


Alright. All right. We promised Taco of pizza. That's because you can't talk about Q without mentioning the, a bit of a precursor to Q, which was Pizzagate. That is to say in 2016, and this is, we should say that the first Q sort of activity, which are called Q drops started in 2017. Kind of what? Like October. And this is in 2016 when the Democratic National Convention servers were hacked and emails were published on WikiLeaks. And one of them kind of rose to the top, which was an email from John Podesta who was Hillary Clinton's 2016 campaign chairman in which he put forth, Hey, there's this pizza place called Come ping pong in the DC area here and we should hold a fundraiser there.


I don't know if he said this in the email, but the fact is that his brother was a regular there and said, Hey, this is probably a good place to do that. They got pretty good pizza, they got a bunch of ping pong tables. It's a good place for people to meet up. and that was found in, I guess exposed, which is kind of a funny way to say it, on four chan where people started saying, oh, well that is the, the hq basically that's ground zero for where this elite cabal is meeting and they are sacrificing children in the basement of that place. There is no basement to that place, but who cares about that? That was what was put forth on four chan and hashtag Pizzagate started spreading like wildfire surprisingly.


Yeah. And the fact that there is no basement means so according to like Q thinking, that means that it's hidden. And even if we don't have any proof, it's there because the fact that it's being used by the secret cabal and it's hidden is proof that it's there. Right. That's the kind of circular thinking that keeps these things going. And in Pizzagate in particular with comet ping pong, within a month, October 29th was the first post about how this is, this is one of the home bases of this child sex trafficking that this cabal engaged in. October 29th was the first post by December 4th, a little over a month later, a man so riled up by the idea that Comet ping pong was a se a hub of child sex trafficking, drove a few hundred miles from North Carolina to DC and showed up with com at comet ping pong with the AR 15 and shot up a door to get the door open.


That's right. He also had a, a handgun on his side. Nobody was hurt. He people got outta there very quickly. He kinda wandered around the place alone for about 20 minutes, couldn't get in that door, shot it up, told authorities that he was self investigating Hillary Clinton's pedophile ring and that was that he went to jail is now out of jail. I think he went for a few years. Interestingly, sentenced by TTA Jackson Brown, who now sits on the Supreme Court. Oh really? A side Note, huh? Yeah. But that was it basically. But you know, that was Pizzagate And. it was a precursor to what would follow in October, 2017 when Q first I guess revealed himself, but not really.


Right. Yeah. So I think the, yeah, the first drop was October 28th, 2017 on four chan, which is a, a image board, which is like you post images and then people comment on him and conversations break out. And in particular, four chan was known as like one of the really dark recesses of the internet. And on, on this image board, a guy named Q Clearance Patriot. And the the first post read, open Your Eyes, many in our government worship Satan. That was the first Q drop that ever came out in October, 2017. That's right. And Q clearance, you know what Q means is Q clearance is a top secret clearance utilized by the Department of Energy specifically, meaning you have access to nuclear, the nuclear weapons program.


And the anon comes from just a sort of a, a regular thing that would be people on four chan who claim to be like part of the FBI like FBI an non CIA anon like whistle blowing kind of thing. So Q Anon became the name and claimed to be a intelligence officer, a very high ranking person within the US government who had direct evidence of this satanic pedophile cult and, and very clear approvable knowledge that Donald Trump was on a, a secret mission from the US military to reverse all this. Right? And so between October, 2017 and sometime in 2020, the Q drops amounted to I guess more than 5,000.


And they were really, really cryptic. They were not like, like, Hey, this is going on. Comet ping pong is actually a, a hub of child sex trafficking. They were, they were very cryptic. And so that just lent themselves to be dissected and, and discussed and thought about and, and interpreted and misinterpreted. And so there's an example of one from September, 2018, this would be shortly after the whole thing started, and it said panic in DC ll talking equals truth reveal tarmac BC ll talking equals truth reveal Comey, HRC, email case And, it goes on and on And it mentions Hussein, which is how Q always referred to Barack Obama.


Thanks For shortening this, by the way. Yeah. And, it just, it keeps going on. But the last line is FISA brings down the house. When do birds sing? And what the, what the focus was on was the, at the time the Hillary Clinton email server scandal that Loretta Lynch was the Attorney General at the time and she met on a tarmac in in private that's ll with Yeah, yes, with Bill Clinton on a plane. And, it was a huge scandal. And everybody was like, what were they talking about really? And all that. So that's what this q thing referenced. So that was the kind of stuff that they would say like, like using just people's initials, just really cryptic short staccato statements or questions and like that was it, it would, they would just go away and then people would just go crazy trying to figure out what it meant.


That's right. And really like get into the deciphering. I think that was part of the, oh geez, I don't even know if fun is the word to use. Yeah. But maybe they were having fun. But part of the whole experience, I guess is the best way to say it is, is deciphering these message messages, chatting with each other on what everything means, what these initials are, who everyone is, and just to get that kind of robust conversation going on these dark corners of the web. Yeah. Initially dark corners and eventually the Mainstream social media of the worldwide web. Yeah. So like I said, four four chan is, is considered one of the, the darker backwaters of the web.


And then it moved on to eight chan, which became eight Kuhn or eight cn And. it just kept getting darker and darker and darker the places these q drops were happening. But then eventually, like, like I said earlier, people would start tweeting about this stuff and all of a sudden it spread out from the darker parts of the web to the more Mainstream parts of the web and then the actual Mainstream media started reporting on it. So this thing spread far and wide and the more far and wide it spread, the the more believable the whole thing became. You know, like you'd see it everywhere and people were talking about it seriously. So it was kind of easy to fall down a rabbit hole the further along this whole thing went just because there was more and more information to be found down those rabbit holes.


Yeah. And you know, as, as scary as it is all of a sudden and you're, you're at home for the pandemic, you have a lot of more time on your hands. You're, or, or maybe, you know, lost your job or something, which would've been awful and have more time on your hands. And all of a sudden you're reading things like you don't know what four chan is or eight chan maybe, or how to get there. And all of a sudden you see something on Facebook or Instagram or one of the close to 70 million tweets referencing Q related hashtags and phrases over a three year period, all of a sudden you're thinking like, oh, well this is, this is stuff I'm seeing on Facebook, which is where I also see pictures of my kid's soccer team.


So that makes it bonafide and believable, which is in itself kind of sad that that's as far as it goes research wise and people digging into that kind of the truth of the matter. But that's, that's what happened. Well, people also went to the trouble of e essentially compiling books, creating lengthy documentaries, all supporting these Q theories and explaining 'em and busting 'em out. Sometimes grabbing actual verifiable real world examples and interpreting 'em differently and putting the whole thing together. And so the fact that there's a documentary on this legitimizes it to a lot of people too. So there was a, it just became legitimized weirdly in some really weird, questionable ways.


And again, all of this, the entire thing was in service to the idea that Donald Trump was secretly fighting this cabal. And he would bring about the storm one day and people like Nancy Pelosi would be executed live on tv and people were really psyched about that idea. Yeah, absolutely. You know, I mentioned the Pandemic 'cause that's when the, the, the biggest spike in Q activity took place in March of 2020. The Institute for Strategic Dialogue, which is a, a think tank, did some investigating about just like spikes in activity and stuff. And march in 20 of 2020 is when it really, really took off. Of course, when unique Facebook users jumped 161% from year over year basically.


And Twitter discussion of Q increased, what was that? 139% over the month as well. So that, that's where it started and really got going there. So when you are on social media and you see, so there's hashtags like WW G one ga where we go one, we go all, but there's a bunch of them. One in particular was kind of hijacked from a legitimate anti-child trafficking group. It's hashtag Save the Children. And the reason that it was hijacked was because this is part of, of the, the mission of Q is to, is to stop sex trafficking of children.


Right. Which is great. But that is one way that a lot of people were kind of innocently brought into the Q sphere. They, they were looking up save the children hashtags because they were concerned about sex trafficking. And they ended up on some tweets or on some Facebook accounts of people who are like, now that you're here, let us explain who's actually doing the sex trafficking. It's Nancy Pelosi and Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton. And that's the rabbit hole that they started to fall down through. Hashtags like that. Yeah, for sure. And, it, it even got so far as the online retailer, Wayfair, I guess one of the rumors that got going on q via Q was that if You were cabinet shopping on Wayfair, then that was a, a secret sort of portal into children's shopping instead of cabinets.


It was actual children. And the other thing we did mention about Pizzagate is that when John Podesta and his email was talking about cheese pizza, it was really child pornography. So it's like things like that were getting twisted around and and served to a willing audience. Yeah. That whole thing. Like $10,000 cabinets with female names that just got translated into, well Wayfair is a sex trafficking site and one of the first posts I saw, the, the person led it with my spidey senses tingling. And that's how it just took off. Somebody's spidey sense was tingling. There was a, a weird price for a cabinet and a girl's name and that's all it took.


So that's how that stuff spreads. It's how it takes root and that's just the, the thinking that people have with Q. It's, there's all the clues are everywhere and nothing is what it seems. Yeah, for sure. So we mentioned how presidential candidate Donald Trump was the supposed savior for all this sex trafficking and everything that's going on. And this became clear If you ever, you know, saw Donald Trump rallies then, or, or now still I'm sure you would see like Q posters and q t-shirts and Q flags and stuff like that. To be sure we're not saying that Donald Trump was like, Hey everybody, I am that guy by the way.


And, and and literally got involved in this. When he was asked though directly over the years, specifically in August of 2020, they asked him point blank, you know, are you courting these Q followers? He said he didn't know anything about it. And then quote, I heard that, but I heard that these are people that love our country. I understand they like me very much and it's gaining a popularity. When they followed up with a question about him being the savior from child sex traffickers, he, you know, that's when I feel like he probably had a choice to directly say like, this is a ludicrous conspiracy. But he said, you know, is that supposed to be a bad thing?


If I can help save the world from problems, I'm willing to do it. And the Q crowd ate this stuff up and they thought it was, you know, him sort of secretly saying that he's on their side when he would wear a pink tie, which is a color associated with the movement, they would say that's him signaling to us another little breadcrumb that he's leaving for us. Stuff like that. Yeah. There's also a very famous press conference, a speech he did in the White House in 2017 where he used two hands to drink from a, a bottle of Fiji water. And he did it twice during this, this speech. And people like, I remember that. Yeah. People made fun of him for it. Like, what's wrong with you? How do you not know how to, how to drink out of a bottle of water?


But the Q supporters were like, yep. Was that a breadcrumb? Yes. The Q supporters were like, yep, Fiji is a, a huge hub for sex trafficking. It's, it's a destination and a hub. And he's pointing it out to us. He's letting us know he knows what's going on. That's what it was translated to. And that's one of the explanations that a lot of people gave for why it started to take off is it came along when Donald Trump was early in his presidency, presidency. It was getting pummeled from every which way. So this was kind of a way to transform that, to transform the weird awkwardness into this is what's really going on. He's actually sending us signals. Yeah. In 2022, Trump started to sort of openly post Q theories where before he danced it around a little more, when he, after he had founded his own social media gathering place, I guess truth social, where he started using Q words to refer to himself like he was a martyr.


He re he literally reposted a Q drop. They played a Q song, WW G one WGA at one of his rallies. And over the years between 2022 and 2024, here's the stat I was looking for. Trump reposted Q content more than 800 times on truth social. So he, he he definitely amplified the message, I guess we could say in the, in the kindest way. Yeah, I did the math. That's, that's a Q repost every 1.36 days. So that's a lot. And that's a complete turnaround. I read somewhere Chuck that at some of his rallies in 2019, he was trying to distance himself from Q.


Yeah. So much that there were, there were people who went to his rallies who reported that the Secret service as they were going through the metal detector was like, turn your shirt on inside out. 'cause they were wearing a Q shirt. They're like, we don't wanna see those at the rallies anymore because it's just such bad, there's such a bad name associated with it that Trump didn't even wanna be associated with it. But then something happened in 2022. It's almost like he stopped and actually listened to what they were saying at Q and he was like, oh, okay. I I really do like that. And he fully embraced it, like you said. Yeah. But here's the thing is when you're dealing with a false conspiracy like this that's based on the idea of a deep state and secrets, there's, there's no turning it around.


You can't, you can't prove it wrong. Right. Even if he came out and fully denounced it, which he never did, they would then just say, you know, that he's got to do that. Right. 'cause it's all part of the big secret. So it's one of those sad cases where it's, it's born out of paranoia and untruth such that you can't, you can't stratify it. Like no amount of truth will get the most ardent believers to think that they're not right. No, for sure. And one of the things that I saw also that explained it in addition to like paranoia, anger, that kind of thing, is you, you kind of hit upon it earlier when You were questioning, like, is it fun And it, I think it definitely is fun for a lot of people because it's, I saw it described as hazardous participatory civics.


So like the people in their way are participating in the machinations, the secret machinations of the government. So I think it is thrilling and fun in a lot of ways too. I don't think it's a a hundred percent negative or angry or ragey. I think that for people in the Q movement, there's a lot of positivity to it too. And I. Think there's one other thing to to mention about Q. People here, Chuck, especially the influencers, they are well aware that their beliefs look totally crazy to people in the Mainstream. People like you and me who just believe things are the way they seem they are, but to, to them we just haven't woken up to reality yet. Yeah.


So there is a, there's not like, there's not like just a total loss of perspective and self-reflection. It's just been inverted in a way. Like you are the one that's, that's diluted, not me. That's right. Alright, so I think we should take another break. We'll come back in a second and talk about who this Q person might be and stop your emailing because hazardous participatory civics is the best band name that we've ever had. We'll be right back.


Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation a renewed commitment to progress. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of trucks in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out the ultra rugged new Tacoma built for off-road adventure or everyday practicality or test drive a heavy duty half ton tundra checked out with modern tech and comfort with a haul anything attitude. And Both Tacoma and Tundra are available with the I Force Max hybrid powertrain giving your truck more power than ever before. Quality, reliability, efficiency, that's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


This season get premium tech that inspires joy from Dell Technologies. Bring projects to life with the XPS 16. It delivers supercharged processing for enhanced productivity and freedom to express yourself performance class Dell PCs with Intel core ultra processors deliver a dedicated engine to help accelerate ai enjoy free shipping, Dell rewards and expert support when you get a Dell PC with ai, it gives back shop now at dell.com/deals.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground, Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow and our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, November 5th on MSN BC.


So there's a lot of people in the Q movement who've tried to guess who Q is. One of the big candidates was the Trump's first national security advisor. Michael Flynn, Lieutenant General Michael Flynn. And we'll get to him again in a minute. But If, you don't believe that Q is real. There's some really good candidates for who posted these Q drops and crazy enough it seems to have been two different people and the second group of people rested control of Q away from the guy who originally started it. Yeah. And this story gets a little confusing. Is there a way we can simplify this a little bit?


Yeah, I, I think I can, you want me to try? Well sure. Well let me set up the players first. Okay. And then you can simplify what, what happened there. What everyone seems to think is that the current queue, even though, and we'll get to how much queue is around these days at all a little bit later, but the last queue or whatever most recent was a father and son team named James and Ronald Watkins, internet entrepreneurs, Americans living in the Philippines where they ran, owned and ran eight chan, which was that message board that originally hosted that queue account. The other guy that we need to mention here is a guy named Frederick Brennan.


He was the original creator of eight chan, but left those boards when it became clear that it was just a home for the, the worst stuff on the internet. Yes. And he turned into the greatest critic and largest source of information about who really is Q because he knew the Watkins is That's Right. And now maybe If you can explain how it was the mantle was unwillingly passed. Okay. So what people think is that the first guy who actually was Q was a, a South African man named Paul Ferber, who was intensely interested in fascinated by American politics and conspiracy theories. And they think that he's responsible for the first Q drop up to sometime in 2018 that he was the original Q, the whole thing started on four chan but very quickly migrated to eight chan because apparently Q'S account got hacked and he had to create a new account.


So he moved to the more anonymous, more secure eight chan and started posting there. That's right. And he started posting on a message board called CBTS column before the storm. And he owned that sub-board. Paul Ferber did. So that was his sub-board. Yeah. And so that means that he could see who was posting it could see like their actual metadata. Right. So he was the only person who could verify that Q was Q. Same thing when they transferred from four chan to eight chan, he was the only person who could verify that this was actually the same guy, same IP address. So believe me everybody, it's the same Q so go ahead Q essentially is what they were saying.


And then all of a sudden in 2018 Q Paul Thurber said, Hey Q's E Q's account got hacked again everybody, so we're gonna have to start a new account. But then probably very much to to Paul Thurbers surprise Q joined in and said, actually no, my account hasn't been hacked. Paul Thurbers been compromised. So I'm gonna start posting at a new board. This would be a board that Paul Thurber had no authority or administrative duties over, but Jim and Ron Watkins did. So now they were the only ones who could verify he Q was. And so they think that with that transition and because they had administrative domain over eight chan, they took Q away from Paul Thurber and started posting his Q themselves.


Yeah. And to be clear, this was the, the second time that account had been hacked. I do wanna mention also that the first time it was hacked, they, it was found out that the password for Q originally was Matlock, which I just think is hysterical. One of the few laughs we're gonna get here. Yeah. But the reason that the Watkins' wanted to sort of wrestle that away was because at some point Thurber started appearing on some Right, right-wing conspiracy, like YouTube shows and stuff like that. YouTube programs. So it was getting out there in a more Mainstream way and the Watkinson were like, Hey, this is, you know, we can turn eight chan into a real conspiracy hotbed for the online right wing space.


And so they, they saw an opportunity basically. Right. So it gets way more intricate than that. Like Fred Brennan has really gone into great detail to dig up a lot of evidence that all this happened and we're not gonna go into it here. But suffice to say that most people agree that he's probably right about this. That it started out as Paul Ferber and then turned to Ron Watkins and the whole thing went until about June, 2020 and then stopped. And those seemed to be the canonical Q drops. And then they picked up again in I think 2022. And as we'll see, those kind of got ignored because the community had changed so much in those 18 months without q dropping Q drops.


Right. But in the meantime, the movement had taken over, I saw it described as it didn't need Q anymore. Right. It had become its own, what was I saw written as the world's first open source cult where anybody could add or subtract or debate or help create this again, ever evolving mythos of what was really going on in the world with Donald Trump at the center of the whole thing. And the problem with that is, is that it, it made it out of the darkest corners of the internet to the Mainstream internet, to the Mainstream media and then into real life to where it very frequently, yeah.


I think you could use the word frequently disturbed individuals who had fallen down the Q hole, acted out in real life violence. Not just the comet ping pong guy from North Carolina. There's a whole slew of people who have engaged in real world violence because of what they learned about from Q. Yeah, for sure. There was one case I remember hearing about this when in 2018 this guy pled guilty to terrorism charges because he got an armored truck and blocked the road crossing the Hoover Dam with two assault rifles and had a sign that said release the OIG report, which was referring to the quote unquote real Mueller report that Q believers thought provided, basically kind of exposed Hillary Hillary Clinton's criminal activities.


Because there, I mean there were a lot of people that they targeted, but the Clintons and especially Hillary were obviously because she was, she ran against Donald Trump, but she was kind of squarely in the crosshairs for them. Yeah. This was the, at the time people were laying like chanting lock her up. Like she was very much in the crosshairs for sure. And Obama still was too. He had just finished being president after all. When this whole thing started, the, one of the most puzzling acts of violence to me in the real world based on Q, was the assassination of a Gambino mafia boss named Francesco. Frankie boy Calli. And he was killed by a Q supporter who believed he was an agent of the deep state, like a high up agent of the deep state.


I could not find anything about what that guy's rationalization was for that. Yeah. But this is the first time since 1985, this is 2021, I think the first time since 1985 that a mafia boss had been assassinated And. it was by a Q adherent. Yeah. Just really bizarre. But I, if, if anybody knows why that guy killed him because of that, like I would love to hear it. Yeah. The other thing that I don't understand and or not understand, but I'm really curious about is whoever q is watkinson or, or not, like what was their end game here? Like, did they really, and do they really, really believe this stuff?


Or is it, are they just bad actors who have a, a sick, I don't know, not sense of humor, but maybe sense of humor to try and start something like this? Or was it financially related or, or was did, do they really believe that? It's just, that's, that's the one thing I, I wish I could find out that we'll probably never know. I know And, I, And I don't know, but I suspect that they don't believe it. I mean, if they're posing as QI don't, I don't think that they actually believe it, you know? Well right. Because they're not secret government higher ups that really have this information, obviously.


Right. But I mean, do they really believe Tom Hanks is killing and eating children? No, I don't, I don't think so. Again, I don't know the people, I don't know enough about him to really definitively say, but just I don no, I don't think that they believe That makes it even more sad somehow that it is stretched from the darkest reaches in the internet to literal suburban parents who had too much time on their hands between soccer pickups. Yeah. There is a really sad, disturbing act of violence based on Q that happened in 2021, where a man from California killed both of his children, a baby and a toddler with a spear gun because he believed that they had gotten reptilian DNA from their mother.


'cause remember lizard people are walking among us. So he was, he said that he knew what he was doing was wrong, but it was the only way to save the world And. it was because of Q. He, he murdered his two children because of Q. And it, like Paul Pelosi is another one. He was beaten with a hammer by a guy who was driven by Q motivation. Like it, the idea I'm with you. If the idea that these guys were just doing it for lulls and because they were nihilistic or even for money and that it, it it translated into real world violence. Like that is just, it's abominable for sure.


That's right. Are we done? No, we've gotta give a little bit of an update. Okay. Okay. Alright, well I'll start. So there was a really big problem because Trump was always in charge as part of the Q mythos, no matter what was going on, Trump was in control is the way they said it. Well, Trump was obviously supposed to be reelected in 2020, but he wasn't. And so in, in following with tradition of kind of prophetic cults, the, the people in Q just essentially were like, okay, well this is all just part of the act. This is trust in the plan. And they kind of rationalized it in all sorts of ways.


And that's kind of part and parcel for what they've been doing. Like the, the assassination attempt of Trump in, in Pennsylvania led to a huge crisis initially among Q followers because that clearly demonstrated Trump wasn't in control if he was getting shot at. And some people were like it was staged and other people were like, no, no, no, we got it. This is proof positive that Trump has been anointed by God to bring the storm to overthrow the satanic cabal. 'cause how else could he have not been shot in the head by the assassin's bullet. And so I saw that some people who kinda left Q after Trump didn't get elected came raging back into it. Yeah. After the assassination attempt.


and there were a lot of families that were like, okay, good. My friend or family member's back. And then, oh God, there they go again after the assassination attempt. Yeah. I read a really sad article about the, the guy who came into the pizza place about him getting outta prison and, and marrying his girlfriend and having a kid. And it was, you know, it's just sad wreck this guy. Oh yeah, I'll bet That's the kind of thing that kind of follows you around for life. Right? Yeah. I Would imagine One of the other things that happened post-election, I believe is Michael Flynn was a luminary. Remember some people thought he was Q and he was outed saying privately that he thought the whole thing was total nonsense and that he believed actually it was a CIA psyop to discredit the ripe by making them look foolish and gullible.


So the whole, the community's very much fractured, but it's still very much alive. There was a, a poll that found that in May of 2021, 15% of people believed, Americans, I should say, believed Q beliefs in some form or fashion. You would think that it would've gone down since Trump didn't get reelected. In fact it rose by eight points in 20 23, 2 years later. So the, the belief in Q just keeps spreading and spreading and spreading and becomes more and more Mainstream it. And it's, even as it does, it gets kind of divorced from Q and becomes just what people think about things about reality.


I'm sorry, I checked out And I was just thinking in my head. I was just hearing what a wonderful world by Louis Armstrong over and over. That's your happy place. Trees of Green. That's All I heard. Oh, that's a good, how am I not surprised that you do a great Louis Armstrong? Oh, he's Easy. I would've guessed you did the Izzy Hawaiian guy's version. Oh, that's a fun one too. Or no, he did Somewhere Over the Rainbow. I'm sorry. Yeah, Yeah, that's right. Somewhere Over the Rainbow. There's one other thing. Let's leave on a semi positive note, Chuck. A couple of different places I saw people who were interviewed who had lost a friend or family member or, or hung on to a friend or family member while they'd fallen down the Q Rabbit hole. And the fact that they gotten them back universally was because that person stuck with them, let 'em know they didn't agree with them, but they loved them nonetheless and put, as they put it, provided a soft landing place for the people when they finally were like, this isn't real.


I can't believe that I've believed this for so long. They had, they, they were there for them without any kind of judgment or cruelty or I told you so. and that helped allow the people to kind of get back on their feet in, in a very gentle manner. Yeah. And there's a lot of great websites and organizations that have now had to help people through this stuff and like, how do you help your family members and things like that. Like You were just talking about. Certainly one place you can start is the Anti-Defamation League website, but there are plenty, plenty of places to go. So you don't just like argue with your family member and tell them they're, they're not using, you know, rational thought with, with stuff like this.


You got, you gotta, you gotta try a different tack there. Yep. Yeah. and there is all sorts of advice all over the internet. So If, you wanna look, go find it and be careful what you do. Look for there. Be careful of the hashtags you follow. And since I said that, obviously it's time for listener mail. That's right. A quick, not correction, but just enlightening 'cause we've had a bunch of people write in already about our glasses episode because we could not figure out why Olivia titled her Research for Eyes Bad. And this is from just one of them. This is from Marty. Hey guys, Listen to the episode about glasses. Great as usual. I've been wearing glasses for over 40 years regarding the phrase four eyes Bad.


I believe that is a joke reference to the book Animal Farm by George Orwell. In the book, the Animals use the phrase four legs good, two legs bad as they rise against the humans. That must be it. Love the show. Longtime listener that is from Marty Mishka from Omaha, Nebraska. Parentheses living in the Blue dot, And. I. Haven't read Animal Farm in so long. I completely forgot that but I bet you were right on the money. 'cause that's a very Libya kind of Easter egg. Yeah, that is a deep cut. Literary wise. So nice work. Libya and who is that? Marty? That was Marty. But many people have written in and will continue to.


Yeah, thanks a lot Marty. And thanks a lot to everybody who's written in to let us know. Help us figure that out. We love that kind of thing. If, you wanna be somebody like that. You can send us an email too to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.


Hey, friends Toyota has been building for generations from pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress with a legendary lineup of in-stock cars, including the high performance 25 Camry and capable, affordable Corolla. You can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey, it's me, Tyler Bows open. Airbus are stylish. The color, it looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Check out bows.com for more.


Hey, what if I told you that you could switch your business software to an interconnected suite of programs that's more efficient and simpler than what you're using and would cost a fraction of what you're spending? You might think, oh wow, but You Should think odu o do Is that suite of software I'm talking about with all the business software you need from CRM to sales to HR on one platform. Discover, how ODU can take your business to the next level by visiting ooo.com. That's OD o.com.