
Residents at BrightView Senior, Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at w BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing Opportunity@public.com.


You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All you're investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member FINRA and SIIC, not a bank, not investment advice.


Welcome To. Stuff You Should Know, a production of iHeartRadio. Hey and welcome to the Salsa Cast. This is Josh. I'm Chuck, I'm tomato, he's onion. Jerry's the chili here and you put us together, chop us up, put us in a blender. Squish us under your armpit. Let us drip down the side of your chest into a bowl. And you've got Stuff, You, Should, Know. Just two guys trying to recapture the match. That's, that's been irretrievably lost forever. So Anyway, Salsa, right? Yeah.


People like to say Salsa. I'm glad somebody said that to get it outta the way. I feel like we would've gotten in trouble had we not actually said it. Yeah. Now we could just move on. Yeah, let's move on because Salsa, of course what we're talking about is the stuff that comes in a jar at the grocery store that's loaded with high fructose corn syrup that you put onto tortillas and shovel in your mouth. And just as Mexicans have done for thousands of years. Yes. Not always If you, there's plenty out there that aren't loaded with high fructose corn syrup, but you know, a lot of the big jarred stuff that you find in a little silver caddy beside right beside the chips. Yes.


A lot of that stuff is. So, yeah. A lot of the stuff in the jar has gotten good in recent years and you can actually think the, the, I don't wanna say cheap stuff, the, the more generic Super American versions Yes. For laying the groundwork for those better versions to come. Sure. But what we're doing is just talking about that, that thing that you dip your chip in that that we love. That had a, that's still very popular, but that got very, very famous in the late eighties and nineties as sort of America's new favorite condiment, outselling ketchup.


Very famously. Yeah. In 1991. And, And then it overtook cats up in 1992. That's right. And we're gonna talk all about Salsa. This is a, a Dave ruse joint and Dave helped us out with this. And he found somebody, I don't even know who this was, he just describes them as a Mexican college student who, who said watch, allegedly watching someone shovel Salsa with a tortilla chip is strange to Mexicans. Like how an American would feel watching someone drink salad dressing out of a bottle. I do take issue a little bit, I get the point. but I think that would be an appropriate thing to say if we were just eating it out of the jar.


Like shoveling it like directly like a drink into our mouth. you know what I mean? I do. But the, the point this guy's making, and I was being a troll earlier when I was saying that it was authentic, just like Mexicans do. You, you eating Salsa with chips is thoroughly American. Yeah. And If, you go to Mexico, they don't serve chips and Salsa because maybe a better analogy, it would be like if you went to Mexico and they served well, chips and ketchup. Okay. How about that? That's a very direct analogy. Although I will say I have been to some super great authentic places, In, Mexico city that would give you the, the house specialty Salsa with the large handmade tostadas.


And you know, they're handmade 'cause they're all, they're weird irregularly shaped and you know, they put like five or six of those in a big wooden bowl and you can kind of break those apart and eat them with your Salsa. I've seen that plenty of times. Yes. Had you looked around at that restaurant In Mexico City, you would've noticed that you were the only one who was served that and it was because you were wearing your American flag tank top. Not true my friend. It's on the menu. Mexico City is pretty great. Huh? It's the best. I think we talked about it recently, right? Yeah, We talked about it when I got home and then since I went on that trip, you went on a trip and you had already been there before anyways. But yeah, we got to, you know, reminisce a bit together.


I remember it was the Brutalism episode that we talked about my trip too. Yeah, probably. That was great. Anyway, yes. Mexico City's wonderful If. you can make it down there or over there. Up there. You should. But should we talk about the origins of Salsa? Yeah. Because again, let's just, let's just spell this out. Salsa In Mexico is a condiment. Okay. Okay. I think that's pretty clear. I just wanted to make sure. Yes. Let's go on to the origins. That is the Stuff You Should Know way though. What? Overstating something five times just To get out the hammer beat people over the head with it. I feel like that's the Josh from Stuff, You Should Know way at least. Well, People are busy when they're listening, so you never know.


It might take that, that third or fourth mention, they'd be like, well I was washing dishes and I didn't even hear until that last one. you know? Thanks Chuck. That's very supportive of you. I was thinking, you know, something we could do. Yeah. Is if we wanted to make sure that somebody got the point we're trying to make to make sure they're paying attention, we could just say something like, beep. Right. And then insert the, the fact that we're trying to get across so they'll really pay attention. Yeah, That's a good point. So If, you wanna go back to the origins of Salsa? You would have to go back thousands of years in Mesoamerica because in Central and South America, they really loved to grow chilies and tomatoes and you put chilies and tomatoes together, you're gonna have some kind of a Salsa.


Yeah. I mean that's essentially the basic ingredients for Salsa. You could make those, you could make a Salsa with just those two things. You Really could. And people do. Some people do. Yeah. Although over the years people have added to it more and more. But yeah, as far back as about nine, 10,000 years ago, people were making something similar to Salsa. Like we would recognize it as Salsa today. And it just kept getting more and more and more advanced and more expansive. Right. At a few thousand years of tinkering, something's going to get a little more advanced and salsa's no different. Yeah, for sure. The first person that we found that has kind of written about this was a Franciscan priest named Bernardino d Saha.


I have no idea how to pronounce that. Saha. Saha. S-A-H-A-G-U-N. There was a record he, he wrote a lot about the Aztec culture and specifically in his Florentine codex wrote about a sauce in a food market or different kinds of sauces in a food market. And 10 no chilan. That's probably not right either, but I'll just read through some of this as a quote. Hot sauces, sauces with juices, shredded food with chili, with squash seeds, with tomatoes, with smoked chili, with hot chili, with yellow chili with mild red chili sauce, yellow chili sauce, hot chili sauce, bird excrement sauce. Hmm. Sauce of smoked chili.


Heated sauces. Beans sauce. Toasted beans. Cooked beans. Mushroom sauce. You get the idea? No, Keep going. You have to finish. Oh, okay. Why not? Sauce of small squash, sauce of large tomatoes, sauce of ordinary tomatoes, sauce of various kinds of sour herbs. Avocado sauce, end quote, Shrimp, Creole shrimp gumbo. That's exactly Sandwich. What else? Thinking It's about that. Yeah. So he's talking about Salsa there. Yeah, yeah. Very clearly. And again, this stuff had been around for thousands of years and they, they were just selling it like it was nothing because it was nothing because In, Mexico, Salsa is a condiment. That's right.


Traditionally prepared. And the Aztecs, and still you'll see these today and in fact, I have one in my kitchen. I think you do too, right? Yeah. I also have a masa maker that you got me as well. Oh, That's right. A molcajete is a lava rock mortar and pestle. They're very, very heavy If. you get like a real deal. One, I can recommend this as a, as a gift, like a house warming gift to someone, apartment warming gift. Like sure. You can spend like 50 to 70 bucks on like a really, really nice heavy duty real deal moca, hete. And it's a great gift for someone because when you pull this thing out at a dinner party and you're grinding the either Salsa together, tableside, or if you're making some guacamole, tableside, it's a really kind of fancy, fun thing to do.


Not fancy but fun. It really warms whatever structure you're trying to warm. Agreed. So the chili, so tomato, we need to make sure everybody knows this tomato indigenous to Mesoamerica. Right. I think kind of in intimated that earlier. Correct. Same with Chili's. And when the Colombian exchange began, specifically when Christopher Columbus tried Chili's for the first time, he compared them to black pepper because that was probably the spiciest thing he'd ever tasted in his life. And in Spanish you call that pimento. And so that's why in English we call chilies peppers.


But really chili is word, I think cheese chili. Yeah. And then they switch the I to an E and here we go. Yeah. I mean, I've never heard the word pepper said by people from Mexico. Maybe they do, but I've always just heard them called chilies. Sure. Because you know, Christopher Columbus got it wrong. Got another thing wrong. That's crazy. Who'd have thought The word Salsa was already a word in Spanish? It was a generic word for sauce. And I think it was a Spanish priest in a dictionary published in 1571 that actually put that in the dictionary.


An Aztec style to tomato chili condiment listed as Salsa in that 16th century dictionary. This case closed. I think that's taking a break time If. you ask me. Oh Sure. Let's do it. You want to? Okay.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dulles in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resorts, amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements. And you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Hi, this is Hugh here from the Imperfects podcast where we chat to, well-known people whose lives seem perfect from the outside, but through our discussions they share the vulnerabilities and imperfections that make them who they are. We chat to people like James Clear and Adam Grant. You could have hidden potential to be a better partner, to be a better friend, improve as a parent. There's so much discussion of how do we build our careers? When are we asking the question of how do we build our character? Listen to the imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts


As the number one audio company. iHeartMedia gives you access to all, every audience, live conversations, trusted influencers, and the insights and data you need to grow. iHeartMedia is your access company. Go to Iheart results.com for more.


So it's not like Salsa was an immediate hit over in Europe. First of all, Christopher Columbus had misdirected everybody and they thought it was basically like black pepper. The chilies I should say were, but the, the bigger problem was that people in Europe, and I swear we've talked about this before, people in Europe initially thought tomatoes were a deadly part of the nightshade family. Yeah. You did not want to eat a tomato. It was toxic at the very least, potentially deadly combined with something that was kind of like black pepper. Why would you ever want to eat something like that? But slowly but surely, about six, almost seven, the 17 hundreds, a guy named Antonio Lai became the first person to write down a recipe for what you would recognize as Salsa.


Even though he called it Spanish style tomato sauce. Yeah. I guess he was Italian and so they were just liking it to like regular tomato sauce. Maybe. I, I think so because the, the basis of it is pretty much tomatoes, but there it has everything else. Like you would want chili, peppers, onions, thyme, which is I guess a traditional ingredient found outside of Mexico for Salsa. Yeah. But combining the, the hot chilies with the tomato, I think he also threw in there salt oil and vinegar. And at the very end of this recipe, a little gross, but says it is a very tasty sauce, both for boiled dishes or anything else.


Boiled dishes, Boiled bacon. Oh God, I love Bacon. Do you remember that? In Better Off Dead? No, I don't remember that. His mom Boiled, boiled the mom in John Cus ex's mom boiled everything and at one point she's serving bacon and it's boiled in like this kinda weird light green whitish color. It's it's really good Part movie. I remember her making a, that was a weird part of that movie that everything she made was strange French fries. Yeah. That's good stuff. So the other way that the Columbia Exchange worked obviously was things in Europe were introduced to the New world and all of a sudden things like onion would come along, or, although they did have wild onion, is indigenous to North America.


But garlic cilantro, believe it or not, not in indigenous to North America, cumin, nuts, all these kind of unique vegetable oils and animal fats that comes Mexico's way. And they're like, oh, we know just how to use this. So thank you for introducing us to it. Yeah. It was weird. If, you look around the internet, you'll see that, that some people claim that animal fats and vegetable oils are not indigenous to Mesoamerica. and of course they are because there's animals walking around that have fat and there's vegetables there that have fat. Yeah. But apparently they did not make great use of this stuff. Yeah. Like they didn't use fats very often.


They usually charred stuff or grilled it or boiled it. They, and then they would add like Salsa fat-free Salsa. Yeah. As like the condiment to it. But yeah, I found that kind of mind blowing because If, you stop and think about it, there's a lot of Mexican food, like actual authentic Mexican food that does isn't fatty at all. It's just kind of charred with a sauce. Yeah. That has no fat to it. It's interesting. I I just never thought about that. Yeah. And you, you said a key thing there too, which we should mention, which is fat free. That's one of the reasons Salsa became so big in the eighties and nineties. 'cause that was during the, the golden age of everything must be fat free. So Salsa was like, you know, it wasn't some, some some fatty condiment there.


Therefore no, no fatty condiments really. Or were, or were there now that I'm thinking about It. Chunky style fatty condiment. Yeah. Oh God. So now we're gonna talk about a couple of other sauces and that sounds like something from like a future movie or something. It Does Remember like the beer that just, it's white, it's just an all white can. It just says beer in like a thick black font. Oh yeah. They they had that in LA on my first visit years ago. Yeah. You got me a can of it Did. I really Did did Send you a can of that. Yeah. So that's exactly what that label would look like. You're exactly right. Generic. We're gonna talk about a couple of things now that are close to Salsa but not, and that is mole and hot Sauce.


We're not gonna spend too much time on this. 'cause I think most people kinda know the difference, but I Didn't, the Line can kind of be blurred. I would say the main difference in Mole is that Mole is, it's, it's basically always pureed. It's not gonna be, it's just never gonna be chunky. Kind of the same with hot sauce. But Mole also usually has like, I mean If, you got a good mole going, you're talking 15, 20 up to 30 or more ingredients. That's kind of what makes Mole a mole. Yeah. So you have a really sophisticated, layered tastes with mole that can be like, it can be tangy. It can also be kind of like weirdly raisiny or mushroomy or something like that.


It's, it's, it's, it's different. But as far as a a, a person walking around Mexico is concerned. That'd be like comparing ketchup to gravy. They're just different. Yes. They both go on your food but in different ways, in different contexts and different amounts. And gravy's probably not even a good example, but it's the best I can come up with. But Salsa means sauce, but mole is sauce. 'cause as everyone who's listened to this episode up to this point knows Salsa is a condiment, not a sauce. Yeah. So con you, you would add it to the top of a taco or a toast. Whereas the mole, it would be like, you know, chicken mole typically has like the chicken completely drenched in the sauce when it hits the table.


Right. Like the very famous joke, In Mexico, you want some chicken with that mole. But then they say that in Spanish. And the other thing is hot sauce of course also different hot sauce are meant to be, although there are some super hot sauces, hot sauce is generally only hot and meant to be, you know, dabbed on a few drops at a time. Right. And also not chunky and also usually has vinegar, which you're not gonna find in a lot of Salsa. No, not at all. And apparently hot sauce itself is, it traces itself back to Massachusetts, the very beginning of the 19th century.


That was where it came from. But it got pretty popular south of the border as well because it does involve chilies of some in some form or fashion. Usually it's chili vinegar and salt are the three ingredients. Yeah. Yeah. And there's some good stuff out there. But yeah, it's not really Salsa, although as we'll see is it chips and Salsa time? Are we gonna have some, I would love some after researching all this. Which by the way, hat tip to Dave, big thanks for helping us out with this one. Big hat tip. No, I say we hold off on the chips and Salsa. That was surprising because We have to go, we have to, I mean chips ands sauces in American thing like he said. So we gotta go back to kind of when this hit the states in a big way.


And anyone who knows the history of North America knows that a lot of the United States used to be Mexican territory. Texas, Arizona, New Mexico, Utah, Nevada, California, a lot of Colorado was Mexico. But once that was no longer Mexico, there were still a lot of people living there. Mexican communities, Mexican culture, Mexican foods. And so it should come as no surprise that Texas and California and New Mexico and Arizona and places like that have always had and still continue to have a thriving Mexican food scene there. And this was true back in the 1920s and thirties when Salsa kinda came on the scene.


Yeah. And so the collision between often Anglo or other kind of European settlers in this area colliding with former Spanish settlers and indigenous people in the area. It it, they kind of came together to form like kind of a hybrid between Mexican and what would be American cuisine. So things like Tex-Mex or Cali Mex or Southwest was born, which is was originally at least authentic Mexican dishes, but kind of toned down a little bit. Yeah. Made a little blander, made a little more Yorkshire puddingy. you know what I mean? Yeah. Not as hot made for the American palate.


I think Dave dug up this recipe from 1934 in the LA Times for Chili Salsa. The name of the article was Delicacies from Mexico. Even though it said in the article the Salsa is used in many Spanish dishes. I think it was just a time when they were like Mexico, Spain. What's the difference? Right. When in fact pretty much there's pretty big difference including an an ocean in between them. Yeah. And also the recipe included parsley and flour. Yeah. You just don't see that in, in many Salsa dishes. So it was kind of of Tex-Mex for sure. I think even before Tex-Mex really was a thing. But going back to Salsa and the idea that Salsa, I think I said the good stuff in jars today was built on the shoulders of the less good stuff of yesteryear.


And you can kind of trace that. No shade. Also, by the way, I hope I, I'm not coming off that way, I'm not throwing shade at anybody like David Pace who innovated and really kind of introduced America to Salsa, but at the same time made it more palatable to his market. He took Salsa and took it from a condiment, which it is In Mexico and made it into kind of like a snack or an appetizer. So a dip I guess is a better way to put it. Yeah. David Pace was a Louisiana guy born and raised. His family was in the molasses business bottling molasses. So he had a background and, and bottling and jarring a a food product. Went to World War ii, settled down in San Antonio, Texas eventually where the Mexican food scene is and was and is robust.


You've been there, right? You've talked about the food there with me, I believe. Privately. Yeah. Oh yeah. Definitely. It's good stuff. Never Been there, I gotta do it. But he loved that chili Salsa that he would get locally at different Mexican restaurants. And he, like you said, he he settled down the taste a little bit. Made of his own, his own variety called, called Paste Pante. Yeah. P Ante is an adjective meaning spicy or pungent. If. you notice If, you look at the jar. It doesn't say Salsa on there. No. It says Picante sauce and the tomato was the star. The chili took a little bit of the backseat and he had a goal to be what he said was the Hines of Salsa.


And although he did well, it would be his son-in-Law Kit Goldsberry who would really kind of kick that brand to the next level. Yeah. I mean think that's pretty ambitious. I wanna be the, the Heinz of Salsa. Sure. And it actually turned out that way, but just, yeah. Not under his watch. He retired and Kit took over, I think about the late seventies sometime in the seventies. And at that same time there was a health craze going through America that translated like, I think you said earlier, by the eighties into everything has to be fat free. Yeah. And Salsa again is basically by definition fat free.


So it was ready made to step up and kind of take the spotlight. And the pace was very lucky that Kit Goldsberry was in charge because he, I guess knew a great opportunity. And. we saw it and just pushed pace into the mainstream through a really clever earworm me kind of advertising campaign that people still say today. You make me say it sometimes when you say New York City, I make you say it. I mean you stopped and been like, you're not gonna say it. And that's from like the, like 1989 was when that first ad came out. Yeah, that's right. And in 1993 we got the famous line, get a Rope, you go look this thing up on YouTube.


It was, this ad ran for 10 years from 93 to 2003 when they are one of the Camp Cowboy camp guys is Chastising Cookie the cook because he is using Salsa from New York City and they all go New York City. And an actor named Ralph Bonzo Bear Steadman uttered those famous three words, get a rope. Even though Dave did you notice he put Get the rope in here. I did. Said get the rope. I got so mad at Dave. Did you send him an email? No, but he's, he's listening so I just wanted to tell him this way. Geez. But yeah, Ralph Bonzo, bear Steadman was just wanna shout him out.


'cause it's a iconic commercial line. It's kind of up there with Where's the beef? Yeah. And he's a guy from the north, where's A beef? Oh, she passed away too. No, no. Instead of Where's the beef? Where's a beef? Where's the beef? Where's the beef quote? I love it. Sorry, Dave. But Ralph was from the Pacific Northwest, seemed like a really good guy. Did lots of local acting and voice acting. And he passed away in 2014 and, and left a, a very sweet family behind. So big shout out to Bonzo Bear. So yeah, so this this ad campaign New York City, it just, it came at a perfect time. The product was perfect.


Not only were people trying to get like more fat free and Salsa was a great, great alternative to everything else like ketchup and stuff. It it there people were also like trying new tastes. Yeah. Exotic ethnic tastes like Sure. Mexican Salsa chunky style. Oh yeah. Was just really, you were really sophisticated If, you ate Salsa not ketchup at a time in like the late eighties. Yeah. So it really, it just, it everything just came together. And so all of a sudden America just falls in love with Salsa. And still today, like even in hindsight, I know this sounds kind of unnecessarily hysterical, but I, I can't believe that Salsa ever outsold ketchup.


It's, it's mind boggling to me. Yeah. Like that it was that popular and it stayed pretty popular. And like I was saying, it just kept getting better and better and better to where the stuff that you buy in jars of the grocery store today is often pretty good. Really good. Yeah. And chances are your local grocery store may even have like a, like a house made version that they sell in, in like the little plastic containers. Oh yeah. That has a, you know, a, a sell by date on it, that kind of thing. Sure. You usually see those. My favorites are the, well, we'll save that. Okay. But again, chips and SALs is a pretty American thing. They do have the tostada In Mexico, but a tostada is used to sort of like an open face taco to put stuff on top of, and then you'll put your Salsa on top of that.


Right. But we do have a few competing origin stories for the origin of tortilla chips, which is pretty fun, I think. Yeah. As told in the Stuff You Should Know book, the Incomplete Compendium, we talk about the invention of Fritos specifically by a guy named Elmer Dolan. That's, I Wonder where I heard that Before. Remember we talked about Frito Feet, how dogs, dogs get Frito smell on their feet. Yeah. Does and that chapter features an illustration of Momo wearing a long haircut. That's Right. If, you don't have a book. You should get it just to see Momo in there. Yeah. And as A matter of fact, and it's, it's a good illustration too. It is. It's great. And as a matter of fact, we're not even gonna tell you that story. You have to go read it in the book.


That's Right. Oh, you wanna do that? Yeah. All Right. You want to hear about Elmer Dolan Go drop. You can probably get that thing for like six bucks now. Go to your library even. Yeah. Get It for free. Go crack a book. Alright, let's move on to story number two then. Josh. I like that. Okay. Alright. Rebecca Webb Carranza, she's married to a guy named Mario and they own the Elza tortilla factory in LA in the 1940s. And they made corn tortillas kinda straight up, but when they had misshapen tortillas that they couldn't, you know, that didn't look like the rest, they couldn't sell those or thought they couldn't and they would cut 'em into triangles and fry 'em up and sell them as tort chips. And apparently it was a pretty big cellar in the 1940s and fifties regionally.


And then, then eventually, I think nationwide even. Yeah, I mean imagine you, you like you had tortilla chips that you could buy in the forties. Of course you'd be crazy for that. Like sure. There wasn't a lot of competition at the time, you know what I mean, snack wise. Yeah. And I think this number three though is probably the leading candidate though. Don't you think It's gotta be, because number one, he predates everybody by a few decades. Exactly. And number two, he, he was known as the KO king of San Antonio. His name was Jose Barolo Martinez. He looked like a, well a Hispanic Teddy Roosevelt, a matter of fact he kind Does. And he was called the KO King for nothing. He set up the first industrial scale mill for grinding corn in the United States.


And he apparently had four different mills around San Antonio at one point and was pumping out 60,000 pounds of tortilla chips a day all the way back in the 19 teens. That's amazing. So He probably was the guy who created the tortilla chip. Yeah, I think so. And you know, it's impossible to find out like, hey, what was the first restaurant that started just throwing that stuff on the table kind of for free. Although it's not for free usually anymore. Usually you get like a, you can get like the chips with a trio of salsas and like a cheese dip for you know, seven or eight bucks. Right. But there are probably still some places that, you know, maybe some of the chains throw it on the table for free.


Like, like Olive Garden does with that bread and salad. Yeah. A lot of people think that it's kind of sacrilegious to, to start charging for it even if the you're upgrading the Salsa. It, it's just, it's, it's a tradition that should be honored and restaurants are like, that actually costs us a lot of money. Yeah, for sure. And people say I care not, I mean they even If you pay something, they're gonna keep giving you basket refills of chips. I guess it just feels off paying for chips and Salsa. I'm fine with paying for queso, paying for guacamole. Yeah. Yeah. And if they are like we have like a higher end Salsa that we're not gonna give you for free paying for that, that's fine.


But there should be some basic level Salsa with chips at a Mexican restaurant in the United States that's complimentary. Even work it into your price structure but don't charge for it. There's something just off about it. I think So like a fancy Salsa though, like made with gold schlager that would cause something. Yeah, right. They set it on fire table side. All right. To each their own. Nice. Okay. But one more thing before we move on. You said it was impossible to trace where the first restaurant that started serving chips and Salsa came from. And that seems to be true, but there was a, an historian on Reddit there ask, ask historians, subreddit.


Sure. Somebody asked like what the first restaurant was that started serving chips and Salsa and this historian dug up something kind of close. It's potentially a chain called Macha or El Nito. The, apparently they apparently were owned by the same person in Phoenix that by the early to mid seventies was already serving chips and then transferred over from Hot Sauce. People used to put hot sauce on their chips to Salsa serving Salsa with chips. So it's possible that was the first restaurant to do it. But what was even more interesting is that apparently before then people put hot sauce on their chips. Much like that analogy I was talking about earlier of putting ketchup on your chips.


It's not that far off. I love that you said that was much more interesting than the, the Reddit historian. Well no, the Reddit historian found all that so kudos to them. Yeah, yeah. I gotcha. Alright, so let's, should we just go over a few sauces here or should we take a break and do that? I think We should take a break and come back and tell people how to make their own. Alright, we'll be right back and we're gonna tell you how to get that mote out and get busy right after this.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements and you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance Start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Hi, this is Hugh here from the Imperfects podcast where we chat to well-known people whose lives seem perfect from the outside, but through our discussions they share the vulnerabilities and imperfections that make them who they are. We chat to people like James Clear and Adam Grant. You can have hidden potential to be a better partner, to be a better friend, improve as a parent. There's so much discussion of how do we build our careers. When are we asking the question of how do we build our character? Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey fam. I'm Simone Boyce. I'm Danielle Robe And we're the hosts of the Bright Side, the Daily podcast from Hello Sunshine that is guaranteed to light up your day every Weekday. We bring you conversations with the culture makers who inspire us. Like a recent episode with Reality TV star, Hannah Brown. We talked all about going from the Bachelorette to writing her debut novel and what she's learned about love Along the way. I have had to redefine what love is and love to me really is about feeling safe and seen at the same time. And it's creating a relationship. Like we built this relationship and that's really what love is. I didn't know any of that. At 24 Listen To the Bright Side from Hello Sunshine on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


All right, the first Salsa we should talk about is just the classic. It's my favorite kind of Salsa overall. The pico de gallo. I love a Salsa that's, that's almost nothing but chunks, which is basically what Pico de Gallo is. Extremely fresh. Yeah. Not a lot of saucy tomato in there. Even just, you know, diced up tomato, onion chilies, cilantro, lime juice, little bit of salt, bing bang, boom. I'd throw a little black pepper on top, but that's just me. Oh, Christopher Columbus would be proud. He sure would. He was like, see, But I really love just a good standard. I love a lot of kinds of sauces, but I love a standard pico agao for especially, well for both, for eating with chips and with just putting on tacos and stuff.


You know, something I learned from researching this episode, I just had never occurred to me to ask, but Pico de Gao actually means beak of the rooster or rooster's beak. Did you know that? I didn't know that. I, I always just thought it was, it meant pico to Gao. It never occurred to me. 'cause Gao, you know, that's like a kind of beer in Guatemala and it Oh, that's what, Right. All right, that's what I'm thinking of. 'cause it's got a rooster on the bottle. Yeah, so they call it beak of the rooster, apparently is because people used to eat pico digo with their, their index finger, middle finger and thumb. They would just scoop it into their mouth like, and that resembles kind of a, a, a chicken or a rooster beak diving into that bowl of pico digo infecting it with all manner of communicable diseases for the next person to, to take too.


Which is actually kind of a problem with the fresh salsas. Yeah, I mean, you know, anytime it's a fresh, fresh produce like that, there could be the danger of some sort of salmonella or something. But lime juice will kill that away You hope. Can we talk about Chipotle? Well real quick, have you had the Salsa Eck? I have not. I haven't either, but it sounds good. It's, it's basically Pico de Gao with some stuff swapped out. But the thing I find most interesting is rather than lime juice, sour orange juice. I'll bet that's good stuff man. I bet it Is. Okay, yeah. Let's go on to Chipotle. Yes, Chipotle are smoky.


They're a little tangier. A lot of this stuff is usually roasted tomatoes, garlic, onion, those Chipotle, you roast those things up, get a little little fire char on them and then grind them or blend them into a paste and you got a pretty good Chipotle working. Then there's Salsa Verde, which is made from tomatillos, which have a green cast. To them they're like little tiny green tomatoes. Love it. But tastes much better. I'm not sure what's going on with tomatillos, but they're pretty awesome. And that one's just pretty straight up. Like you, you kind of want the tomatillo to stand out taste wise, but it can also be kind of hot. Garlicy oniony.


There's some cilantro and all that. But the point is the tomatillos are really, it's a really tomatillo forward Salsa, It's green. Sure. That's why they call it Salsa Verde. Yeah. but I, I have to say, I just have to shout this out, If, you want a good jarred Salsa air day. You could do a lot worse than Trader Joe's. I don't know that I've ever had a Jarred Salsa Air day actually. It's really good. And that's, it's actually hard to find a good one. I think Mateo's makes a good Salsa Verde in the jar that you can get nationally. And Trader Joe's is your best bet. For sure. Do they ever, do they get rid of the whole Trader Jose thing?


I don't know. I haven't looked closely, but I have seen that fairly recently. But maybe it was a out of date product that I bought. Yeah, I don't go to Trader Joe's. I did when I lived in LA 'cause it was convenient, but I haven't been in years. Salsa matcha is something that I was introduced to on my Mexico City trip that I'd never had before. My good friend pj, who is a outstanding cook in a, and especially outstanding Mexican chef, his parents owned a Mexican restaurant, legendary Mexican restaurant in New Jersey for decades that recently closed. But Mexican food factory, shout them out. Nice. I guarantee you there's some listeners that have been there, but PJ was like, you gotta have the Salsa matcha.


You just, you won't believe it and just, just try it. It sounds awesome. It's great. It's not like a traditional Salsa, you'd see. It's like an oil. So you've got your, your dried chilies of course, but you also have like ground peanuts, garlic, sesame seeds, olive oil and vinegar. So no tomato in this guy. It's really, really great. I'm surprised you didn't run across it. In, Mexico city, but Mexico time, you have the opportunity. I urge you to try it. I will. It sounds really awesome. For sure. And that one comes from Veracruz, which also gave us Pescado Veracruz, which is the best way to have a fish. Yeah. I thought it was Oaxacan for some reason, but I guess I got bad information.


That's All right. As long as you enjoyed it. Yeah, and I love all, I mean that's the wonderful thing about going to, well I mean now in the United States, Mexican restaurants have gotten so varied now. Yeah. You can find, especially in the last decade, so many more options besides like Tex-Mex and Mexicali, which I still love that sort of Americanized version, but you can find some great authentic places and Oaxacan places and places that are more seafood forward and it's just, they're really representing all the flavors of Mexico here in the States now. And it's not a bad thing. No, it's not at all. It's a great thing. As a matter of fact, you don't ever have to leave the us. Everybody just comes to us.


Do you wanna go over some of these other non-Mexican versions? Yeah. The one that stuck out to me was Ahe Creo. Creo. Creo, that's right. It's like Creole sauce. And in Peru they make it with like sour cream or mayo, some garlic and then ahi peppers, which are orange and it sounds really good, but there's also a confusing Ecuadorian version that is not like that at all. Yeah, that one has. Yeah, it's got the same exact name. So it is very confusing. It's got the same chilies, the Ahi, I guess a JI chilies.


But they don't have dairy products. It's not creamy. They use vinegar instead. Yes. Which is pretty much the antithesis of a creamy dairy product. Vinegar is. Yeah. And Dave said it's pretty ubiquitous. It's like ketchup on the table. Yeah, because it's a condiment. He also threw in Chim Chi in here from Uruguay slash Argentina. I don't know. I don't know if Jimmy Tru belongs anywhere near this list. It just seems like such its own thing. Well There's not a single pepper or onion in it I don't think. Or pepper or tomato. Yeah. Is there, there's, I don't think there's peppers in chimi. Cherry is there. I think it's all like parsley and garlic.


Cilantro. Garlic. Lot of oil. I don't think there's peppers. Yeah, It's good. but I don't think it's Salsa. I agree. Should we just cut this part out? No, we need to leave it in as a lesson to everybody. Never to call Jimmy Curry Salsa or else I have to answer to us. Well Dave put it in there. So you know what I have to say, Dave is get the rope. Where's a beef? Dave? There was one other thing I wanted to mention too. Oh, it was a shout out. The greatest free tableside Salsa in any restaurant in the United States is to be found at a chain in Atlanta called La Fonda.


Oh. They're doing something to their Salsa that is unparalleled. It's the most sophisticated free Salsa you've ever seen. And it's not small batch. They have literal vats of it sitting around in the restaurant waiting to be served. But it is so good, it's, it's worth traveling to Atlanta just to try that Salsa, which gives it a Michelin star too, in my opinion. Well, you'll be glad to know then my friend there is a La Fonda that opened up right down the street from me. All right, let's do dinner Last year and If, you go to the the East Lake La Fonda, everyone, I can encourage you to go across the street on Second Avenue If.


you go walk by the other restaurants here, mixed up burgers. You will see the East Lake garden. And that is a community garden that Emily and I run. Emily. Emily. Oh nice. Runs that thing. If, you go there and it looks beautiful and there are all kinds of herbs planted and flowers and stuff planted in beds. That is Emily's hard work because she's basically a full-time gardener now. That's awesome, man. What a great way to spend time. Yeah. And the East side garden is just open for the public to use and enjoy after you've had some La Fonda and she just recently put up a new Instagram page for the garden. So If you wanna, didn't have a lot on there yet, but it's, you know, If, you wanna follow the story, you can go to East Lake underscore garden and check it out.


Yeah, you just get stuffed on La Fonda and walk around the community gardens in East Lakes. That sounds like That's right. A pleasant evening, man. Yeah. All right. So yeah, we'll do that and I can finally give you your birthday present from like six months ago. Great. Oh, and you'll know it's a East Lake garden because there's a sign that says East Lake Garden painted by local legend artists are land. Is that the one with the praying hands? Yeah. And the cat, the Praying hands and lost cat and pray for Atlanta when during Covid. So Ronnie's a very longtime Atlanta resident and very popular local artist. And we've commissioned Ronnie to do lots of things, including the sign for the East Lake garden and his nice, unique, amazing style.


And this is, this has been hot Atlanta talk. Josh and Chuck. Yeah, that's it for Salsa. Go out and eat Salsa every day. Yes. Go eat Salsa. Go learn how to make mole and just enjoy life. How about that? Yes, Chuck said yes. That means it's listener mealtime. I tricked him into it. This is a good one. This is from Tamara, and Tamara included a post script pronunciation. I'm looking up real quick. Okay, got it. Hey guys, listening to the widowhood episode reminded me of one of my favorite stories about my great grandmother Judea. When my grandmother was little, 1930s Pennsylvania, her father supported the family as a coal miner and her mother Judea stayed at home raising six children.


She was an immigrant from Italy, didn't speak a word of English. My great-grandfather was in a mining accident and sent to a hospital hours away with an injury. He could not recover from keeping him bedridden. You mentioned that children of widows were considered orphans. Well, brother, I'm here to tell you, so were children of those whose fathers were in the hospital even. Wow. There was an actual court hearing for the children where presumably they would be sent into the foster system. My great-grandmother got a lawyer. No idea how that happened, but the judge was entering the court courtroom. My great-grandmother was holding a conversation in Italian with her lawyer that went something like this. Are they gonna take my children? Yes, it's very likely and it will cost them money to feed, house and clothe my children, right?


Yes, that's right. Then why don't they give me the money and I'll take care of my own children. Just so happened that judge was fluent and Italian understood the please and logic of my great-grandmother, and that's exactly the arrangement they came to. Awesome. My grandmother recalls that her oldest brother was in charge of accounting for all the money they received from the state, documenting exactly how it was spent. They were lucky there was a little bit left over at the end of the month, they got some penny candy and whenever I think life of is rough, I recall Judea and knowing that her blood is in me and seeing the strong line of women I come from gives me the confidence I need to tackle whatever comes my way. Very nice. What a great email, Great email. That's from Tamara and she was thrilled to know that she would be on, and everyone will be happy to know that her grandmother is still alive at 97 years old and is gonna hear this email.


So hello grandma. Hello grandma, and thanks a lot. Tamara If. you wanna be like Tamara and send us an awesome email. We're always up for that. All you have to do is send it off to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. Residents at BrightView, Senior, Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice.


BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events, chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior living.com. Equal housing opportunity. My kids like this podcast so much, it helps them focus at school and they learn so much from it. I'm a kid and me and my little brother listen to it every night before bed. I love lingo kids. Yes, I'm eight years old and I don't care.


I still love it. Parents, our podcast is here to capture imaginations, spark curiosity, inspire new ideas, and even help with bedtime routines. Enjoy it with your kid. Listen to lingo, kids stories for kids on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey there, I'm Dr. Maya Shanker and I'm a scientist who studies human behavior. Many of us have experienced a moment in our lives that changes everything that instantly divides our life into a before and an after. On my podcast, a slight change of plans. I talk to people about navigating these moments. Their stories are full of candor and hard won wisdom. And you'll hear from scientists who teach us how we can be more resilient in the face of change.


Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.