
Hey everybody. I want to talk to you about courses from Squarespace. Start with a professional layout that fits your brand. Upload video lessons to teach techniques and skills, and tailor your course with a powerful fluid engine editor. Create engaging content with your audience that they're gonna love. Then just simply add a paywall and set the price. You can charge a one-time fee, or even sell subscriptions. Turn that creativity into income with Squarespace courses. And right now, go to squarespace.com/stuff for free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


When it comes to small business, people wanna talk to people, not bots, not voicemail. Your customers or clients want a real human connection, and that's exactly what they get with Ruby. Ruby is the virtual receptionist company that takes care of your callers when you're unavailable in the middle of something or just don't want to pick up. They can answer screen and transfer calls, as well as take messages, collect payments, book appointments and more, all while saving you time and making the people you serve. Feel special. It's available 24 7, 365 days a year, and 100% based in the us. See how it works@ruby.com, or better yet, call them at eight four four nine hundred R-U-B-Y-D.


Everybody. It's January 7th, 2016. No, it's not, but in my world it is. It's actually 2024. But we're gonna go back in time to January, 2016 to listen to the episode on Body Language. And I said it like that because for some reason it has an exclamation point at the end. So please enjoy Body Language Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, a production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark.


There's Charles w, Chuck Bryant. Jerry's in the house. We're back to basics, huh? Yeah, We're doing a social sciences episode. Oh man. I mean, we're all right man. We're gonna get to tear it apart. You, you believe in Body Language? Sure. Watch this. You're winking and shouldering and nodding your head and you're loosening up and you're doing some weird biting thing. What did I say? You said I'm feeling silly. That's exactly what I was saying. How about that? Yeah, it said I've had a diet Mountain Dew and I'm pepped up. Oh, okay. That's What I was Saying. I missed the, Now I'm crashing. And he's down.


You doing good? Yeah. I'm hanging on by a thread. Are you sure we could make it through this? Man? You, you can do this in your sleep. Okay. Don't go to sleep. Okay. It would be so boring. You could theoretically do this in your sleep. Yeah. Okay. I gotcha. Yeah, so Body Language, it is a thing. Yeah, I, when I was researching, I was like, this is junk science. There's no way this is real. And I could not find anything that just said like, yes, Body Language is obviously junk science. Apparently it's very well established and well reputed. Yeah, I, I mean, I understand like, like, yes, there is such a thing as Body Language. Yeah. And it's rooted in the, in evolution. Yeah. It's basically evidence of evolution from a anemian ancestor.


Yeah. But the idea that like you can read somebody, especially like that facial coating system, it just struck me as really like junky. Yeah. Well we did, I could have sworn we had done this one when I suggested We did micro expressions. Yeah. We did that in I think 2009. And I don't remember how I weighed in on it back then. So I'm just gonna start anew. Yes, it may, it may be a different take. I have no idea. Well, People grow and change their opinions evolve, you know? Well, Here's what I think. Of course, Body Language is real. And it can tell you a lot. Can tell you a lot, but it can also mis you can be misdirected very easily. Sure. And I mean, we'll get to it, but I found some stuff from a former FBI guy, even that doesn't say it's junk science, but he's like, you can fool somebody too if you're a sociopath.


you know about Body, Language and micro expressions. Yeah. Yeah. Apparently it's a myth that That's how I get by. Apparently. It's a myth. That eye icon or not having eye contact means deception while it can, his whole point is they've done studies over the years and habitual liars and anti socials and psychopaths have the most eye contact. Apparently. I would probably, because there's that myth. Yeah, exactly. So it's like a self-fulfilling myth. Yeah. Ted Bundy was probably like, I gotta make great eye contact with everyone I speak with. I'm Into Your soul. Otherwise the jig will be up. Right. And I won't get to kill people any longer. My favorite thing. Right. And then, so yeah, there's a lot of myth.


There's that, there's that one myth also where like you look up into the right or up into the left if you're lying or recalling. Yeah. Remember, I can't remember. we don, we debunked that in something here or there a while back. Yeah. I think, I think Body Language is fun to talk about and study, but when you're convicting someone a as a jury, right? Based on microexpressions, yes. There's where the junk science comes in. For me, it Gets a little dangerous. And not just with Body Language too. We need to do a whole episode on forensics in general and just how junky the science that most of it is based on it. It's basically the only thing that's, that's less standing is DNA. And even that can be wildly misinterpreted.


Yeah. And we're using this to like execute people. Yeah. and there, there's a big problem with it. So I think we've arrived at my problem with it, it's junk science when you apply it for like law enforcement. Yeah. As fact. Yeah. Agreed. Okay. So Can we be done? This is the other thing that got me too. Albert, me Mehrabian. I totally nailed that guy's name. I bet the H is silent. Ian. Ian. I bet it's just Ian, not Mehrabian. Anyway, Dr. Ian, He back in 1981, said that in the first four minutes of meeting someone, our facial expressions account for 65% of the impression we make 7% of that impression comes from our actual words while the remainder of the information comes from our tone of voice.


Yeah. He was, That I think is what made me think like, no, this is all bs. Yeah. Because It sounds who can, who can say that you Can't? Maybe in 1981 you could get away with that crap. Not in 2015, no. 16. Yeah. You lived in the past. Yeah. Moravian was, he was, he was probably one of the first researchers to study this in the 1940s out of UCLA. And I agree you, you can't just break down percentages. I think what he really means to say, if I may speak for him Yes. Is facial expressions and tone of voice account for a lot of, a lot of what you're getting out of a person. And I don't think anyone would disagree with that.


And the words account maybe for even less than those two things combined. I think people would agree with that too. Yeah. I think it's when you quantify it, yeah, sure. 7%. He just said that. Just 'cause it sounds authoritative. Yeah. Because he like, he fed it into the percentage, three maker 3000 and it and it spit it out. Yeah. But that is not to miss the point that communicating inadvertently is something that we all do through, Through Body Language. Sure. Yeah. There was a, there's a great quote I ran across on a Psychology Today post. It was it, the quote comes from a 16th century Scottish mathematician named John Napier.


And he said if language was given to men to conceal their, oh, you found it too, huh? Yeah. It's a good one. It's a, it's about as good a quote of of Body Language as you can come up with you do it Chuck. No, You, you were already halfway through. You do better 16th century Scottish mathematicians Than man. No way. I'm not doing, I'm not Do Sean Connery reading this, Man. If language was given to men to conceal their thoughts, then gestures purpose was to disclose them. That's perfect. Not Bad. That was a dead on John Napier. It's Not as good as my crystal fault. Yeah. So Napier makes a pretty good point. Like yeah, you can, language has all sorts of structure and can be mastered. Body Language is much of it is, is just inadvertent And.


we don't even realize necessarily when you're picking up on it, you just get this weird gut feeling that no, I don't trust this car salesman. Or I want to give this car salesman all my money depending on the Body. Language. Yeah. And it's pretty clear that this started a long time ago. Like it predates language. Right. Because who wrote this by the way? This Is a Patrick Kiger joint. Oh, Kiger. Yeah. Kiger says rightfully that in tuk tuks age, you didn't have a lot of time to suss things out. Right. Like up close and personal. you know, once you got close enough within striking distance, you Could be stricken. Yeah. You might already have that club upside your head.


Right. Or that rock in your face. Yeah. So you needed to judge someone's Body Language as they approach you to survive. Yes. you Know, so, so Body Language makes sense. And you would also presuppose that since we are descended from animals and animals clearly do engage in Body. Language. Yeah. That Body Language would be older than language. Although this, this article says that language didn't exist until about a hundred thousand years ago. That's, that's under dispute now. Oh really? Possibly. As much as a million years ago, people were using some sort of verbal communication. Oh wow. Yeah. And Neanderthals apparently also head language probably.


Interesting. It is pretty interesting. I'd like to do one on animal communication. Have we not? I think we touched on it here and there, but I know there's a lot of things like cats purring and tails wagging on dogs that are misinterpreted. Yeah. Or like a wolf growling. I think that means come pet me. Right. you know, it's often misinterpreted as a warning. Come take this steak outta my mouth. If. you dare. Should we take a break? Sure. Alright, let's take a quick one, And. We're gonna get back and explain a little bit more about we what one researcher calls thin slices of experience.


Hey everybody, Josh and Chuck here to tell you about Squarespace courses. Squarespace has the tools you need to create and sell your own online course. Just imagine that. That's right. You can start with a professional layout that fits your brand. Upload video lessons to teach techniques and skills, and then tailor your course with the powerful fluid engine editor. Yeah. Create engaging content your audience will love. And then you just add a paywall and set the price. You can charge a one-time fee or sell subscriptions. Turn your creativity into income with Squarespace courses. That's right. And Squarespace does basically anything you wanna do for any kind of website. You can sell custom merch, you can have that online store going. They have great flexible website templates and analytics so you can use insights to grow your business. That's right. So go to squarespace.com/stuff and you'll get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


It was very important for me to have a therapist who could understand relationships, traumas the L-G-B-T-Q community and someone who is also a person of color. I tend to deal with things in life with a sense of humor. My therapist on BetterHelp and I, we share this trait and so we connect on a deeper level. And I'm more comfortable sharing things with him. I am just so much more like in tune with myself being able to talk to my therapist. If you're thinking of giving therapy a try, visit BetterHelp dot com slash stuff today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/stuff.


Hey everyone, host Nora McInerney is back for season two of the Headstart Embracing the Journey. A podcast from Ruby Studio and AbbVie In. each episode Nora has real conversations with real people living with chronic migraine to see how they take action to understand the disease. That's right. Recognizing how a migraine attack can change the course of your day. She unpacks each guest's journey and how they talk to their doctors to find the treatment plans that are right for them. Yep. Along with headache specialists, Dr. Christopher Ryan, and other special guests, Nora speaks to these incredible people who've channeled their feelings of isolation in their chronic migraine journey into advocacy and art. Plus, there are also eight episodes of their first season available for you to binge. So jump into the conversation for season two, a show that creates a little more space for empathy and understanding. In such a complicated world, there shouldn't be so much hesitation around asking questions and asking for help. So don't wait. Join the start embracing the journey as they learn a little bit more about life with chronic migraine.


Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. They have the resources and expertise to help you make big tech decisions. As a small business owner, you understand more than anyone that any decision can make or break your business. That's where Lenovo Pro can help, especially if you're not a tech expert yourself. They can keep up with the latest tech trends like AI and help you save money on the smartest tech solutions for your business. And by joining Lenovo Pro, you can enjoy a long-term partnership focused on helping your business take advantage of every tech opportunity in the future. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com. That's lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


So Joshua said something about thin slices of Experience And I'm not talking about the, the roast beef line at the buffet, Which is great. Thin slices or Those of the carving station. Yeah. Yeah. You ever work at carving station? Have I ever worked one? Yeah. I've hung around one long enough that I basically should have been paid. but I was just eating. What do you wait for the next roast to come out so you can get the end cut? I, no, I've never been into end cuts. Oh man. Whether it be a loaf of bread or a cut of meat. Oh really? Like a prime rib. End cut. Yeah. No. Oh Daddy, that's good. Isn't it all salt? Maybe that's why I love it. You Like the salt, huh? Oh yeah. Yeah.


In the south. To me it's like the, the closer you get to the middle, the juicier it too. I like true stuff. Lower cooked, You know? Yeah. And a little, little rarer in the middle, right? Obviously. Yeah. So I think that's my problem with the end of anything. you know, it's undercooked, you know, or Over overcook about why people don't like to eat the crust. Why is 'cause it's called crust. And that might be part of it If like a hundred years ago they named it like the The The butterfly. Yeah. The butterfly slice. Yeah. People would've been like fighting for it. Yeah. Like the butterfly slice is delicious. Yeah. Have you ever heard George Carlin's little take on that end slice? That everybody always goes past Uhuh. They're like, I'm not gonna eat that.


That's the poison piece of bread. I'll, I'll leave that for my family to eat. Wait, I guess the end piece isn't called the crust though, is it? The crust is what's around But it's all crust. That's the problem with it. Oh, okay. you know what I mean? Sure. It's nothing but crust. Yeah. Not But crust. It's nothing but crust. I think the other weird man, this is a, You're so juvenile. This is a strange tangent. I think the other problem with the bread end pieces is that eating one end piece with a regular slice is a little weird. Oh It's, yeah. But getting that other slice off the tail end is not very feasible or efficient. No. To make two crust pieces.


No, but that frequently is the last sandwich that's made out of the loaf. Yeah. 'cause that one end piece has been hanging around. Yeah. Yeah. Friend. And then it finally works it way to its mate. Yeah. And then you stick some Turkey in it. And we quietly while you eat your terrible sandwich, Man. Thin slices. Where were we? Slices experience? Yes. This is a professor of psychology name Nini embody Ty ha from Tufts University. Shout out to my buddy Robert Ade from high school. Okay. He works at Tufts. Oh. Speaking of, you know, there's a kid with like a really huge hit single out right now from your high school.


Really? I think your high school's shown in the music video. It's Watch me whip. Watch me. Na na. It's read in. Yeah. Weird. Yeah. Salento. So I'm no longer the most famous person from my high School. No, you were until about six months ago. And I will be again in another six months Maybe. It's a pretty, pretty catchy single. It's a hot, hot, hot track. No, we actually, we had several professional athletes that are much more popular than me. Who we had a professional punter. Actually I maybe, I think You told me that before. Yeah, we have. We've had a few. There's a baseball player. We had a punter. Travis Trit went to my high school. Shut up.


Really? No, See that's big time. Yeah. Yeah, Travis True is big. Yeah. I don't have any like superstars. Luke Bryan went to uni's high school, Man, you guys, where'd you go? Beverly Hills. 9 0 2 1. Oh Yeah. With Shannon Doherty. Oh boy. Here we go again. Thin slices from Tufts University. Well Let's, let's talk about the thin slices thing, man. The, you said earlier that it would be very advantageous evolutionarily speaking to be able to read maybe the rough intentions of some other hunter gatherer. Yeah. A hundred thousand years ago. Read The room Like from a distance before they could hit you with a rock, right?


Yes. If that was their intent. Sure. Well, just as much you wanna be able to like walk through the world and be threatened by stuff and to make snap judgments about it based on things like Body Language. Yeah. Same thing. And this, this is what the thin slices has to do with Yeah. They're just those first few seconds when you meet somebody. And I mean some people may just call it a gut instinct about somebody, but what you're probably doing is reading Body Language. Right. That's what that gut instinct is. Yes. And those things are processed and generated and I think the limbic system where emotions and feelings are processed in the brain. Yeah. Limbic system from what I understand. That's right. Which she thinks, and I, I agree with her.


That might explain why we have such, such like a powerful gut instinct about some people when we first meet them. 'cause it's tied to emotion. Yeah. And the whole point is, is this guy will cut your throat If, you turn your back on him. Right. Probably not. But in our modern context it's, you know, this guy will inflate the price of the car you want to buy. Right. If you if you're not careful. Yeah. It's, it's this totally different things, but it's based on the same principle. It's all based on Body Language. And we're able to make snap judgements that we can't even stop and really analyze what it was that person did or what it was about 'em. Right. We just know that we trust 'em or don't or we feel comfortable around 'em or not.


Or we fear them or we don't. Yeah. Based on this Body Language and, and what this professor is saying is we have a very ancient part of our brain that that is responsible for processing this stuff. Yeah. And I think just for me personally, I think If, you try to focus on that too much then you're not doing yourselves any favors. Like let it be innate. Well yeah. There's some people who coach this kind of stuff Yeah. That apparently say no do all sorts of crazy weird stuff, which we'll talk about later. Yeah. Agreed. But what you're looking at are the, there's three different categories, I guess innate learned in some that are both hybrid expressions and postures and things that you do.


And like for instance, you're born with like, you can blush, that's an innate thing you, you blush. Right. You don't mean to blush. Especially when somebody's staring at your cheek. Yeah. I don't think you can make yourself blush Watch this. So just think about hot things in your mouth. Just tighten up your core. So that's the innate side learned would be things like hanging someone a bird. Yeah. Out the car window. Right. Because everyone knows what that means, Depending on where you are And you've learned it. Yeah. That's not something you're born doing. Like Yeah, I got your diaper right here, come change It. Although a photo of a baby accidentally shooting a bird is one of the great things.


Sure. Can we agree? But it's accidental. There's no meaning attached to it. That's what you think. And then there's hybrid, hybrid gestures that are like, shrugging is a really good example. It's something, you know, you naturally shrug. Right, Right. But I, it's, it's not contextual until you learn what to attach, attach it to like, I don't know. Yeah, sure. You're not born being like, I know. Right. Or you or you, you cry. But you've also learned that crying can get you something maybe. Right. Or like a try to get out of a, a traffic ticket or something. Sure. Or to gain sympathy. It can chase your parents off to the bar Crying. Yeah. Yeah. One of those.


And then Chuck, I said something about how, you know, flipping somebody a bird, everybody knows what that means. It does depend on where you are. Sure. Because there is, especially with learned. So I think innate Body Language is virtually universal stuff that you couldn't possibly control. Like, I can't remember why I read it, but If, you take a bite of something putrid and you make that horrible like disgusted face. Like, oh my god, I, I'm about to vomit everywhere. Right. Everybody who's watching you doesn't have to go gimme that and then take a bite and taste it themselves. Right. They can look at your face and be like, I'm not going anywhere near that piece of feces. That guy just took a bite of Yeah. Or the, that's How we all learn not to eat feces.


Yeah. But there's also the human thing where you're like, oh God, smell this. Right. That's the person I never smell it. Who wants everyone else to Yeah. To suffer like they just did. But everybody else has just been communicated to by that innate face, that nasty face that you would make when you eat something disgusting. And again, that evolutionarily that, that protects us in that respect. Yeah. The innate stuff. So that's universal. Sure. But it's the learn stuff that's culturally dependent. Yeah. Like for instance, they have a few examples in the article. Smiling in the US might mean in the United States might mean you're happy apparently in Asia it might say, I agree with you. Those are pretty close. Right. It could also cover up embarrassment if they're embarrassed.


Oh yeah, sure. For you or something. Yeah. They, you might smile. Yeah. Is that why everyone's always smiling at me? They're embarrassed for me. What else? Eye contact varies from place to place. Yeah. Here in the United States, someone might think you're listening and like very keyed into what you're saying. Or You're Ted Bundy. Or you're Ted Bundy. Or if you're in Africa, maybe it might be disrespectful to look someone right in the eye. Yeah. And I looked around to find out what part of Africa, 'cause I hate to leave it like that, you know? Yeah. On this massive continent. Right. Do not look people in the eyes. Yeah. Democrats. True. True. I couldn't find any. And everyone said some parts of Africa, everywhere I look. Yeah. No one specifically said in the Congo it's considered impolite or aggressive or something like that to, to maintain eye contact.


It's definitely in, in Japan. Yeah. If. you make eye contact with somebody, you are saying I'm your superior. So If you are socially or If, you say business wise and inferior to somebody. You're, you're averting your gaze and it's respectful in the US you shake hands and you make eye contact and you just, you know, climb to wrong right there. Unless you're prince. And then he's like, nobody can hide eye contact with me. Is that for real? Because he likes to do things that just mess with people for fun. I, I think, I think 90% of the stories you've heard about Prince are not true. What about the him playing basketball? He's like a really good basketball player though, says Charlie Murphy. Well, I believe in everything Charlie Murphy says There you, I found some more culturally bound stuff.


What else? Thumbs up in New Zealand does not mean like Right on. Does that mean a like a thumb up your butt? Pretty much. Really? Yeah. Wow. You don't wanna do that. Similarly when you make like the peace sign, as long as you're not showing the people the back of your hand. Sure. And England, that's, Yeah. And in Australia and I believe New Zealand too, like that movie Bad Taste, the cover of it, that pe I think Peter Jackson's first or second movie. Oh right. The cover of, it's like an alien going like that. And I'm like, what's he, what's two? Yeah. Why is he showing me the number two? Then As I grew up, I learned to understand what that was. What else you got In some cultures, nodding means no.


Oh. Like nodding yes actually means no. Like in Greece and Bulgaria. Oh wow. That could get you in trouble. Yeah. And in Mexico, Mexico, this is what I found. Mexico, Haiti, and Spain. It is perfectly normal to go to a waiter, which I do. I don't do it to waiters, but I'm a kind of person. Oh really? That's how you call someone over and get their attention. You may also make kissing noises at them To a waiter. Yeah. Really? Yeah. So I go to Mexico, I need my check and I go, I guess according to this thing that I read, which seemed pretty legitimate. Interesting. Yeah. What was the website? I don't remember.


I'll, I'll definitely send it to you to post. But it, it's, it was like a, it was researched material to be used by business people around the world. Oh, okay. If it was a hoax then they did a pretty good job fooling me. Gotcha. Alright, well let's take another break and we'll come back and we'll talk about deciphering some of these nonverbal cues right after this.


Hey everyone host Nora McInerney is back for season two of the Head Start Embracing the Journey. A podcast from Ruby Studio and AbbVie In. each episode Nora has real conversations with real people living with chronic migraine to see how they take action to understand the disease. That's right. Recognizing how a migraine attack can change the course of your day. She unpacks each guest's journey and how they talk to their doctors to find the treatment plans that are right for them. Yep. Along with headache specialist, Dr. Christopher Ryan and other special guests, Nora speaks to these incredible people who've channeled their feelings of isolation in their chronic migraine journey into advocacy and art. Plus, there are also eight episodes of their first season available for you to binge. So jump into the conversation for season two, a show that creates a little more space for empathy and understanding, and such a complicated world. There shouldn't be so much hesitation around asking questions and asking for help. So don't wait. Join the head. Start embracing the journey as they learn a little bit more about life with chronic migraine.


Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. They have the resources and expertise to help you make big tech decisions. As a small business owner, you understand more than anyone that any decision can make or break your business. That's where Lenovo Pro can help, especially if you're not a tech expert yourself. They can keep up with the latest tech trends like AI and help you save money on the smartest tech solutions for your business. And by joining Lenovo Pro, you can enjoy a long-term partnership focused on helping your business take advantage of every tech opportunity in the future. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com. That's lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


Everyone's had the experience of calling a business and just wanting to talk to a real person, not an automated voice Pretending to be a human right. An actual person who can listen, understand, and offer help. And that's exactly what you can do with Ruby. That's right. Ruby's the virtual receptionist company that takes care of your callers when you're unavailable or in the middle of something, or you simply don't wanna pick up. They can answer screen and transfer calls as well as take messages, collect payments, book appointments and more, all while making the people you serve Feel special. That's right. And best of all, it can help you be more productive. For example, nine out of 10 lawyers who use Ruby Log more billable hours per day than the national average. Other professionals like plumbers and technicians win more customers while being able to stay focused on the job. But whatever kind of small business you run, Ruby is built to save you time, earn you more customers or clients, and make meaningful connections with the people you serve. Ruby's available twenty four seven, three hundred and sixty five days a year and 100% based in the us. See why more than 15,000 small businesses use Ruby. Visit ruby.com or better yet, call them at eight four four nine hundred RUBY.


Hey, it's Danielle Will and writer from Pod meets World. Thanks to our friends at Hyundai. We were able to record a very special episode for you guys at the one and only wait for it. Boy meets World House. Take a listen. We are lucky to be sitting with Alan and Amy Matthews in the flesh. William Rusty Russ and Betsy r Yay. Thank you. Thank you. Yes. And those legends get here. Let me know you're here. You're Here already. Whoa, you guys, we didn't didn't either when we were watching this day. That's okay. That's the problem. We didn't realize until we started getting into seasons three and four and now we're like, oh my God, you Were both so good on the show. And. we missed it because we were young, We were kids. And so self-involved ego maniacs and didn't realize how great you were. We've talked about it. I think you just assumed everybody was as good as them. Right. Right. And then you get into, as you grow up and you work with other actors, you realize how lucky we Were. Yeah. To have you guys, this has been brought to you by the Fully Electric Hyundai Ionic Five new episode out Now you can listen wherever you get your podcasts.


All right. So language is a very precise thing. Or it can, should be or can be Body. Language would, you would think is just all over the map. But they're actually some categories that some brilliant social scientists have come up with. Yeah. And I think they make sense. Yeah. Basically they've broken it down into five categories or five types of nonverbal communication. Body. Language. Yeah. There's emblems. It's like hanging a bird. Yeah. Or shaking your fist or something like that. Something that that is very symbolic of something else that you can also put into words. Right. Who shakes a fist at someone?


Some people do. Okay. It's a good, it's a, it's a good, yeah. Yeah. Because it's saying like, broke Up that middle finger and then you're, That's cooking with gas. That's very aggressive. Okay. That's very aggressive. I'm just kidding. I never flick someone a bird. Oh really? Oh yeah. Like in a car or something. No way. Yeah. Apparently it's really dangerous. Yeah. And that's, yeah, that's why I do it. I think it's just, I mean I would get mad and that's why you did and say things, but I would never, I don't know who that person is. Yeah. Could be a psycho. Yeah. Then you're getting chased or you're getting shot at by someone. 'cause you road rage. Like you just had to shoot a bird. Yeah. We talked about this in the road rage episode. Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't hang people the bird. That's not smart By the way.


I wanna update on that. I've, I've been improving more and more behaviorally. Oh yeah. Even since the road rage episode. And I was already on the right path then. So you're doing good behind the wheels. Are you doing? I'm doing so good. I Feel like I'm about the same. Well You've always been that way. Nah, But I get mad. One time you rode with me, I think it was the first time you ever rode with me and I started yelling at somebody. You're like, really? You seem genuinely surprised. And I remember thinking like, this is what's wrong. Abnormal. Well that was probably 'cause you were like sending an email with your left hand and driving with your knee and had a coffee in the other. I've gotten so much better. That's good.


It's 'cause you value your life. I do. That's great. Emblems after emblems. Illustrators, which like shaking your head to as far as emphasis if to emphasize something you're saying, right? Like, Like no, sure. It's, you can just say no, but the person's like, it doesn't really mean that until you shake your head while you say no, then they're saying If, you do do it slowly. Yeah. That you're really saying like, do not ask me again. Yeah. Boy, I never thought about that. The slow one really does mean something different. It Does. It adds it. Bulks it up. you know, Regulators, I think this is in a conversation to let someone else know that maybe, alright, it's time for you to talk now or it's time for me to talk.


Right. Or it's time for us to stop talking. Like looking at your watch Or just getting up and walking away. That's, yeah, That's Body. Language. Yeah. I guess it is. It definitely speaks volumes. There's adapters, which I guess have to do with the person listening or I guess anybody either one. Making themselves more comfortable. Like, you know when you're in a conversation with somebody and they just kind of shift in their seat, Like settle in. Yeah. Now they could be doing it differently where they're fidgeting, they're shifting in their seat uncomfortably. Like they can't get comfortable. That says something totally different than somebody who's just like settling in, just making themselves more comfortable. Right. Or I guess If you. Like if you're having a conversation and someone just sits up on the edge of their seat that kind of says, we're done here.


Sure. Like, I'm about to get up. Yeah. So please say something enclosure. Yeah. Especially If. you sigh while you do that too, you know? Yeah. And then there's affect displays and these are the ones that most people think of when they think of Body. Language. These are the ones that, you know, like where you make that, that face when you eat something putrid or your shoulders go up around your ears when you're scared all of a sudden. Yeah. If you're mad it's emotional based. Yeah. Emotion based emotional. Yeah. Like your, your eyebrows furrow. Right. There's just so much Body Language. I came across this one guy from 1978 an argyle, no idea what the M stands for. But in 1978, professor Mr. Argyle, a researcher of Body Language, said that there's probably something like 700,000 words in the Body Language.


Wow. Human Body Language. I have no idea how he or she came up with that. That seems high, But it's fun to throw out there. Junk science. 1978. Yeah. You could say anything back then as far as like social psychology. Yeah. Misinterpreting Body Language is, we talked a little bit about that. That is very easy to do. They have one little anecdotal story about a woman who was a consultant that I think she was pitching in the CEO of a big company. And the guy just sat there basically with his arms crossed and didn't emote and at the end was just like, thank you. And she thought, well I've blown this one. And turns out that is just the way that guy is.


He loved the sounds a jerk. I know he loved the presentation and if he hadn't liked it, he just would've left, is what the partner said. I think. Yeah. So you can easily misinterpret Body Language. I don't know if it's, I guess it could be dangerous And that, well, I mean that's part of the problem. It can be dangerous, especially when you apply it to law enforcement. Like Paul Eckman. We talked about him heavily in the microexpressions episode. Yeah. Because he basically studied microexpressions through facial movement. Facial muscle movement. Yeah. And figured out what each one meant. And he came up with the facial action coding system, the FACS, which apparently the FBI and other law enforcement agencies use to tell whether you're lying or you're hiding something in an interrogation misreading that that's dangerous.


That's when it becomes dangerous. For sure. Yeah. This dude, I was talking about Joe Navarro, who was a 25 year vet of the FBI. Yeah. He's written a lot about Body Language. Right. And he's one of the ones that warns about the myths and, and misreading things. But his, he wrote a whole article on shoulders and he said, everyone's always talking about the face and facial expressions. He thinks you can read a lot into the shoulders of a person. Yeah. Whether it's slumping or Sure. Bowing up or, and then he actually talked to criminals over his entire career and said, what do you look for in a victim? So if you're looking to not be victimized, you might want to avoid these things.


Okay. Looking frail or weak or not athletic. Yeah. Work out. Yeah. Or Just, you know, try and carry yourself like you're not frail or weak. you know, and I think that has a lot to do with the shoulders. Situational awareness, which is a big one. Yeah. If, you just look like you're, have your head in the clouds. That's one for me. Maybe a target. Yeah. What you're in your head about something. Sure. Yeah. And then the way someone swings their arms, like vigor vigorously or real subdued Or not at all. Like on that one episode of Seinfeld Fel. Yeah, that was it. Was that Raquel Welch? No, it was, well yeah, it ended up as Raquel Welch. Right.


But it was Molly Shannon. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. She remember She like swept. Yeah. Elaine's desk just clean. Oh man. Yeah. I love Molly Shannon. She's one of my favorites. Yeah, she's fantastic. So what was, yeah, the arm swing. And basically what these criminals would say to 'em over and over is, you know, they're silverbacks don't go after other silverbacks. They go after the weak ones. And they said it's the same with criminals. So like, keep those shoulders straight. And I was like, what does silverback, I forgot. It sounds like a criminal corporate buzz speak. Yeah. You know, Silverback sits the local soccer team.


How do you not know what that is? Is it Sure. That's What I thought. Yeah. Alright. What else we got? Oh, these, these people that try and coach you, we were gonna mention them. Yeah. Nut jobs. I don't think they're not jobs, dude. Okay. The one, the one person who emerged as a hero from this article says, be very careful in trying to pay attention to your Body Language and speak consciously through it. Because you're going to, you're gonna have massive problems. Yeah. That's not what Body Language is intended for. So the people who say no, master your Body Language and use it to communicate. Yeah. You're gonna come off as a creep. Right.


An aggressive weirdo, corporate creep, If, you do that Well. Yeah. And, and I mean, If, you're making a presentation. It's hard enough to get the words right. Yeah. So If, you start thinking like about every single movement you make. Yes. And what that conveys. Yeah. I don't, I agree. I don't think you're doing yourself any favors. Or like If, you go to, again, a car sales a car lot, right? Yeah. And you're like, I'm going to make sure I look very defensive and aggressive, so I'm going to go rigid and my shoulders are gonna go up. Right. The car cells is gonna be like that. That guy's walking like a robot. I'm gonna take him for a ride. True. you know, there's you, you just, you could conceivably speak through your Body Language more.


I don't dispute that. Right. You can become more aware of your natural Body Language too. I don't dispute that either. But when you focus on it and use it as a technique to manipulate other people. Yeah. I have issues with that. Well, here was one idea I didn't think was terrible. Like if you're If, you do a lot of public speaking, then maybe watching yourself with the sound off. Sure. I didn't disagree with that one either. That's not a terrible idea. Yeah. I think As a matter of fact, I was like, maybe, maybe I should try That. No, don't do that. The other technique that was brought up was called mirroring. That means, and this just sounds crazy to me. This is when you actually try and mimic the person you're talking to. Mimic their Body. Language. Yeah. And expressions to, I guess to Make them feel more comfortable to you.


People are attracted to themselves as the basis of it. Oh, okay. So when you mimic them, they feel more relaxed around you. They're like, I really like that person. I like the cut of their jib. I don't know, I can't put my finger on it. But they're actually mimicking your own Body Language if you're leaning, leaning against the wall. Right. They'll, they're gonna lean against the wall too. That's Disconcerting. It is. That's, that's nuts. You shouldn't do that to people. That's manipulative and weird. And it just be yourself. How about that? Yeah. I think this quote sums it up. I'm trying to learn, I'm trying, sorry. Trying to use Body Language by reading a Body Language dictionary is like trying to speak French by reading a French dictionary. See you can list off all the nonverbal cues in the world, but If, you try and learn the Body Language quote unquote because of that.


Yeah. Then you're just gonna end up confused or you're gonna miss something they actually said. Yeah. And plus also context is huge too. Like if you're just watching somebody's Body Language like a hawk in a conversation. Yeah. You don't necessarily know that person's baseline. So what is, yeah. By definition is Body Language dictionary a red flag. Right. Doesn't necessarily mean it's a red flag with that person. you know, like if they're yawning, are they bored? Right. Or are they nervous? Right. You gotta have context and you can't just, you can't just read people like that. It's stupid. Go with your gut. Sure. but I don't think you should actively try to read it. If, you want to go ahead. I don't care. Yeah.


I'm not going to, I did read an article with one woman who was an expert supposedly, and she did talk a lot about the baseline. She's like, that's the most important thing. Yeah. 'cause you don't know. You gotta know how someone normally is. Are they twitchy? Yeah. Then if you're, they're twitching a conversation that's normal for them. Right. So I, it doesn't mean that you can't trust what they're saying Right then. Yeah. It just means that they're a little awkward. Yeah. Like me, You're not awkward. You got anything else? Nope. Friends that as Body, Language and If, you wanna know more about it, you can type these words. Body. Language into the search bar@houseofworks.com. And since I said friends, it's time for listener mail.


This is from, this is a question actually, I said we'd answer on the air. Hey guys, been listening for quite a few years and you've seen me through a lot of years of growth out of high school and into my own. Nice. As an adult of a question that's been a challenge for me recently. I'm studying permaculture quite intensively, and parts of the study are pretty depressing, like climate change species lost and unfair trade. I try to reflect positives only to my clients who are trying to grow their own food because I'd rather encourage them to sustain themselves physically and emotionally than feel guilted or trapped into changing a lifestyle. I realize that having the opportunity and time to focus on ethical choices is a luxury and want to avoid shaming people.


I think this approach is good for my own wellbeing because tackling issues bigger than myself seems more harmful than productive. But like you, part of my job is education. So the question is how do you guys deal with darker topics that you cover? I really appreciate the way you do it some, and I would like some insight and advice how you prevent these topics from weighing too heavily on you and still live a life of enjoyment yet conveying topics honestly. And that is from Anna Lee's in Australia. Nice. Ew. I think my answer is like when we cover something like dementia or HIV like we recently did, we're always gonna have humor in there respectfully and in the right ways.


Sure. 'cause that's what we do. Plus also that helps when we're getting this stuff across. It's not like, it's not like we're causing dementia. We're just saying like, here's all the information that that we found on this. Here's everything you need to know about dementia. And I think the thing that that allows us to go from, you know, a lighthearted topic to a very dark topic, to whatever is, is that we're, we're putting it out there as objectively as possible, as unbiased as Possible. Trying to, We're not passing much judgment on it, depending on the topic, but for the most part we don't really pass too much judgment on it. Yeah. And I think that that allows us to, to talk about anything.


Yeah. And as far as taking it home, if we do something that's a big bummer that it really impacts me, it'll bum me out for sure. Yeah. But just like anything else, I think knowledge is, is key to the more you know about something, the less scared you might be a bit. Yeah. How's that? You? You just go work it out, you know. Good answer. Yeah, that's a great answer. Chuck, Me too. If, you want to get in touch with Chuck or me or Jerry or anybody who we could conceivably pass a message along to, right? Yeah. You can send us an email to stuff podcast@howstuffworks.com. And as always, join us at our home on the web, Stuff You Should Know dot com.


Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio for more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If, you are not a tech expert. That's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


When it comes to small business, people wanna talk to people, not bots, not voicemail. Your customers or clients want a real human connection and that's exactly what they get with Ruby. Ruby is the virtual receptionist company that takes care of your callers when you're unavailable in the middle of something or just don't want to pick up, they can answer screen and transfer calls as well as take messages, collect payments, book appointments and more, all while saving you time and making the people you serve Feel special. It's available 24 7 365 days a year, and 100% based in the us. See how it works@ruby.com or better yet, call them at eight four four nine hundred. are you BY


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food, and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.