
Hey everybody. It's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get into a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, a CH direct debit, and the US Apple Pay Afterpay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Hey everybody, it's me, Josh, and for this week's select, I've chosen our episode from 2020 on Agatha Christie. It's a neat little episode about who is possibly the greatest selling writer of all time by far, and may inspire you to get into Agatha Christie's books and they're definitely worst things you could do with your time. So grab a cup of tea, a nice little blanket, and enjoy this cozy little episode. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio.


Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark. There's Charles w Chuck Bryan over there. And this is Stuff You Should Know. I'm I, I don't know if we're gonna be able to get used to Jerry being around again. Is she fired? I don't think so. She may have fired herself though. I don't think so. I have better things to do than hang out with you cool cats and kittens. Well, and it's kind of like, what's the point of just sitting there and I can't imagine any more boring than listening to us on headphones. Oh, wait a minute. That's our show. Yes, there are people doing that very thing right now, Chuck. And you have just mocked their existence.


Oh, I've just meant for Jerry's sake, you know? Yeah, I know Jerry's not a fan. No, She's not. Or a listener. So I have a question for you, Chuck. You ever read a book? No. Oh no. Don't be ridiculous. Chuck, have you ever met Agatha Christie? Yeah, I met her when I was three. Oh really? Do you have much of a memory of of that encounter? A little bit. She was, she was nice enough. She signed my murder on the Orient Express copy first edition. Oh wow. That's gotta be worth some money. It's pretty neat.


Yeah. Do you still have that? Nah, I, I did some spring cleaning here a couple weeks ago and I didn't even recycle or put it in a little free library. I just threw it in the trash. Did you, didn't you say once that your brother has like a copy of number one Superman or something nuts like that? No. I thought he has something, some valuable comic book. No. Huh. No. That must be confusing you with my other co-host, Chuck. No, we, we, we weren't big comic book people. He, we don't have anything valuable like that. I gotcha. Well, having met Agatha Christie when you were a kid, I feel like you'll probably have a lot to bring to this one.


I'll, I I was, I have never met her. Still to this day. Probably never Will. And I have read a couple of her things and seen a couple movies based on her stuff. But I, I would never c consider myself like a a, a rabid Agatha Christie fan. But I do appreciate her work a lot. You picked this one. Why? We have this series of books, children's books about awesome women in history from Oh, yeah, yeah. Frida to Coco Chanel to Amelia Earhart to Agatha Christie.


And so I was reading this one the other night and thought, Hey, let's do one on Agatha Christie that haven't read any of her work. Seen a couple of her movies. Love the genre though. Yeah. As as films, I've never read my mystery murder mysteries, although I'm going to now, I started reading The Mysterious Affair at Styles, which I think was her first published work last night. And it's just great. She just sucks you right in like you She does what's, she creates an a lot of books, not all of 'em, but she creates what's called a Cozy mystery with an S 'cause it's British. And I'd never heard that term before until this article.


But when I came across it, I was like, yes, I love that kind of thing. And that's exactly what I love about Murder. She wrote, like the murder she wrote to where she goes to like Broadway or Paris or something like that. I can take her leave, they're fine. But it's the ones that are set in tiny little Cabot Cove that's just isolated from the rest of the world. And it's cozy and small and it's like a village and all that. Those are the murders she wrote that I love the most. And I think that's what I like about Agatha Christie Mysteries too, is they're very typically cozy mysteries. I've never seen that show. What, what We've had This what we've had this conversation before. No, that would be seared into my brain forever. No, we have, because you said that the first time.


Yeah, I've never seen it, but I am, I'm a huge fan of murder mystery movies, especially Cozy Mysteries like Clue is one of my favorite films. Yeah. And this year's great. One or Last Year's Knives Out was one of my top like three or four films of the year. I've not seen it yet. It's still like $7 on Amazon Prime. So I haven't rented yet. I'm waiting for the price point to drop first. I can loan you a couple of bucks If you need. Alright, sure. 3 99. 3 99. All right. How long are you three nine. It's, it's still a lot for a rental. I mean, that's a lot. You think 3 99 is manageable? 4 99 and up. That's a lot of, that's a lot of mood law for a rental If you ask me.


Wow. Yeah. This is, I'm taking a stand on this. All right, well film professionals out there. Please do not take offense to all your hard work. So I have a question for you. I have one more question. Have you seen the Agatha Christie film adaptation of Crooked House that came out in 2017? No. I think you'll like it. It was big budget, but it also looks like British made for television, big budget. Oh, that's great. Jillian Anderson, Dana Scully is in it. Okay, love her. 'cause you know the Brits are nuts for her. Are they? Did? Oh man, she's like their favorite person in the world and has been for years. Oh wow. Don't know why. Nothing against Jillian Anderson, but like, she just never hit it as big over here as she did there.


Terrence Stamp is in it. Love him. Glenn Close, she's Great. And I was like, this is really good. And so I was reading little synopsis of it and all that stuff and it seemed like it's, it's widely regarded as one of her best, most ingenious and inventive works. Crooked House. Crooked house. I believe that's on Amazon Prime for free. Well, yes. Do you actually do the math of how much you pay for Amazon Prime to see how much you're paying for that movie? I, I don't want to do that. Okay. I I just don't want to do that. Probably pennies. Why'd you do that to me? Alright, so Charles, let's, let's get into this.


'cause I know that this one could be a little long if we're not deliberate and I would say maybe considerate of our time. Alright, well that's an eight minute intro. So, so far so good. Okay. She is, perhaps, again, it's kind of hard to tell with books tell with book sales 'cause they can be a little dodgy. But she is often quoted as the, or seen as the bestselling novelist of all time. And I did a little check to compare, like I thought, well, Stephen King sold a book or two. Sure. They, they tag his book sales at about 350 million, her 66 novels and 14 collected works of short stories supposedly have sold to the tune of 2 billion.


I saw 4 billion in one place. And I think after you hit the billion mark, you can just start tossing around whatever number you want. I think so. That's a lot Of books. Like for example, we've, we've had 70 billion downloads now. I just decided. Oh great. That's a lot of downloads. But think about it, Stephen King, how many books has that cat written? How many has he sold all around the world and it amounts to 350 million. And he is one of the bestselling authors of all time. A lot of people say that Agatha Christie's numbers hit 2 billion, like you said. That's astounding. Yeah, that is, that is a ton of books. It's, I don't think our Stuff You Should Know book will approach those numbers.


No, you never say never though, Chuck. It's a lofty goal. Never say never. I also saw that she's the most widely translated author of all time Too. I buy that I saw 45 languages. I was like, that seems a little low. So then somewhere else I saw 103, I said, let's go with that. So let's talk about this cozy mystery or just mystery novels in general. They're very much formulaic, which Ed helped us put this together. Ed points out, that's why people like them because the familiarity and it's sort of a comfort food thing. Like a good beach book. You know what you're gonna get, Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's, and there's surprises and everything woven in.


I mean, the whole thing is meant to be a surprise. It's a mystery. And part of the mystery and the allure of the mysteries that Agatha Christie not only wrote, but actually the whole genre she helped to develop is that you are ostensibly able to figure out who the culprit is in the murder. It's almost always a murder. And so there is like, there is surprise involved, that's the point. But there's also a tremendous amount of familiar familiarity. And that's that formula you were talking about. And that's what really has sucked generations of people into this whole genre and her 66 plus books. Yeah. So you've got that murder, you usually don't see this murder occur.


She doesn't usually, and in general in murder mysteries, you don't see the murder. That's kind of not the point of how grizzly or gruesome the act is. It's sort of all about finding that body. And I won't, I had a bunch of knives out things to say, but I won't say any of 'em now. Thank you. But then you've got your detective that arrives on the scene. And I will say this knives out very much follows this formula very smartly. So, okay, so you've got this master detective who usually arrives upon the scene, but they may already be there and they are generally very eccentric and sort of they all, they always have these quirky sort of characteristics.


In Christie's case, we have the very formidable Hercule OT and then Miss Marble Jane Marble. Right. In Hercule case he's Belgian and has this big mustache and it's just sort of eccentric. And Belgian just, you know, he's not French. There's something about being Belgian that makes it slightly different. Sure. And Miss Marple, apparently it's just a very ordinary and people underestimate her and that's how she sort of wins the day. Yeah. Because for Hercule Poirot was a retired Belgian police detective. So he has some measure of authority still to question people and interrogate people as he wishes with Ms.


Marble, she's just kind of a quiet old lady who sows and knits a lot and she just has a very keen eye for detail and an interest in solving, you know, the murders that seem to happen around her. So Like Angela Lansbury Basically. Yes. But rather than interrogate people directly, Ms. Marble's thing is she just kind of quietly is is there and people tend to confide in her and she kind of quietly helps them along and gives them, she gives them the rope to hang themselves with. That's how she interrogates people or figures out who, who the murderer is. Right. So you've got your setting in the, in the cozy mystery setting, like you said, it's usually like an estate or a home, maybe a hotel, maybe it might be a small English village or in Express obviously is on a train, another sort of confined space.


By the way, have you seen Train to Busan? I can, I confused that with Snow Piercer. I think I've seen both, but I can't remember which one's which. They're kind of, it's very similar. But Busan is, is Zombies on a Train Korean film? No. Then I think I've just seen Snow Piercer. You Should check out Train to Busan. It just, I will, If you think you've seen it all with the zombie genre, then think again Dude that's saying something because that's, that genre's gotten a little tired. Stale. Hey, let me ask you this, have you seen, I know you've seen it, you had to have Ozark. Oh sure. I'm just Started it.


Yeah, I'm a couple of episodes into the latest season. Okay. Yeah. You me and I just started at season one and I'm like, all I wanna do is sit around and watch Ozark. It's amazing. Yeah. I love it. That's like Hartwell, you know? Oh no, I didn't know that. Yeah. Smart. I've tried to get Bateman and Laura Lenny on Movie Crush and it's always Mm, thank you. No, Oh yeah, yeah. Hey, you're getting responses. That's, that's a big step forward. It's nice to be told no and just not ignored. Sure, yeah. Right. Alright, so you've got your setting with Agatha Christie. She did include her travels in some of her later novels when they became like super popular, but it was still not like a globe trotting like James Bond kind of thing.


No, that's, that's the point. So like in a, a espionage thriller, something, the locales are all over the place and you know, the character's constantly moving in these cozy thrillers. Like even if they're in an exotic locale, they're still set in a small part of that exotic locale. That's right. You got your suspects. They are questioned by the detective. They usually all have a motive. They usually all have the means because everyone, you know, in a great novel like this, everyone's gotta be a suspect from the beginning and then you can kind of quickly whittle or slowly whittle that list down. Right.


And here's the thing, what I was saying with the, with the, the kind of mystery that Agatha Christie wrote and, and really established, you are part of the mystery. Like you're, you either the investigator, the detective has an assistant that they explain things to very much like Sherlock Holmes and Watson. Sure. Or if the detective is working solo, say like Ms. Marble, Ms. Marbles might write a list of suspects and their motives and little clues down as part of the narration. And you're, you're led in every step of the way. So you're part of this working towards solving the mystery.


And as it's very frequently put, it kind of pits you in a competition with the author to see If you can figure out who who'd done it before the end of the book. Yeah. I mean, that goes back to Encyclopedia Brown. The whole point is to try and figure that stuff out. Right. Man, I love those, those were so great. Encyclopedia Brown, I remember he busted one dumb kid who did something bad, I can't remember, Was it Bugs Meanie? Oh man. Good memory. It may have been Bugs Meanie. Was he kind of a big dumb o who'd like beat up on chipmunks? I think so. Okay. He busted bugs once because bugs had tears coming out of the, the outside corners of his eyes. Like a freakazoid rather, rather than the inside corners.


That's good. But see, the great thing about those books is that a a 12-year-old doesn't really necessarily always pick up on those clues. Oh, I did. I wasn't that great. I'd be curious to see if they would stump me now. No, no. I mean specifically with the outside of the eye thing, but yeah, no, I'm sure there were plenty that I missed, but You cried a lot when you were a boy. Right? I knew while Staring in the mirror where the tears Came From. And so then at the end, to wrap up the little genre sort of summary, you've got this great ending usually where everyone's gathered together and the detective kind of walks everyone through the big reveal of exactly how the killer did it.


Right. And in her case, she did not like when the killer is revealed, they didn't turn around and and shoot them in the face. Like it's usually pretty nonviolent. They would be wrestled to the ground or arrested or maybe they might run away and you hear later that they had killed themselves or something like that. Sure. There was rarely a grand finale where they would be pressed to death in front of a crowd. Nah. Who needs it? So, So that, I mean, that's it like bing bang boom. That was when you started on page one of an Agatha Christie novel, you knew exactly how everything was gonna play out. And then one of the other things is because this thing was so formulaic, there was also room for this, for the author to kind of play with you, the reader in, in using things like bluffs in red herrings.


Oh, sure. I think are basically the same thing. But the idea is that, so the author in this case, Agatha Christie, would say something like, you know, early on in the book, a a a suspect would come running outta the house looking shaken and pale. And you, the reader would be like, well that's just way too obvious. She's not gonna name, she's not gonna point out who the murderer is at the beginning of the book. Right. So I can disregard that person or this very obvious clue or something like that, that was just kind of part of the interplay between author and reader. But then it could go even deeper to where she would say something like, well, I know that you think that this is too obvious, so I'm gonna actually make this the actual murderer, which she did in some cases, which was like a double bluff apparently could just keep going on and on and on.


Sure. But it was this kind of wrestling match or maybe slap fight between Agatha Christie and you, her reader, which made the whole thing all the more delightful. That's right. And she, ed takes great pains to point out that she did not invent this genre. There were people like Arthur Conan Doyle obviously, and Poe before her that sort of established some of these rules. But she was very popular. She's very good at what she did. Yeah. She wrote about what she knew and we'll, we'll talk about her life coming up in a little bit. But these manner houses and these estates and these English villages and even the exotic locales and these train trips and things were things that she actually experienced.


And you know, a a lot of people are great at making stuff up and a lot of people are great about writing what they know. And it seems like she was really great at writing what she knew. Yeah. And I, for some reason, either it was the time or maybe because of her, I'm not sure it was kind of a chicken or the egg thing, but she happened to write about stuff that a lot of people wanted to read about these small, you know, English villages and, you know, quaint mannerisms of the upper middle and upper class English society set in this period of time that, and for some reason it just captured everybody's attention.


And apparently when she started expanding, I think after World War II to some slightly more exotic locales like Egypt or Mesopotamia, you know, for like a Death on the Nile was a very famous one during this time. Or the Orient Express that really catapulted her into super stardom, international super stardom too. Yeah. I don't have a super firm read on the history of literature, but I get the idea that this is sort of aligned with the beginnings of pop lit and like I I call it the beach book. I don't know if there had been a ton of stuff like this that was just sort of pure comfort food and entertainment up up to this point.


Yeah. I'm not sure either. I, no, nothing that I'm familiar with I can say. But there Were very entertaining books. They were humorous. A very dark sense of humor. Yeah. Great dialogue. All these verbal joust between the detectives and the suspects is really key to that genre. Something Knives Out did really, really well. It was one of my favorite scripts of the year. Maybe my favorite script. Wow. But just really, really good sharp writing. And it's no sort of no accident that she became so hugely popular. No, and that's something like if you're not really familiar with Agatha Christie and you just kinda look her up in passing, one of the things you'll be confronted with is that a lot of people, a lot of critics say she was a hack.


And when what they're talking about is that formula that she followed to almost like a, a, a soullessly rational degree. Like that was the formula. That's what she followed. But that really misses like the fact that she had a really great eye for detail in the dialogue. Like you were saying, like she was a good writer and she could just crank work out. I think during the decade of the twenties she wrote a, a book a a year. It might've even become more prolific later on in the thirties and forties too. Yeah. And she, she was a business person, you know, like there's nothing wrong with saying, wow, people love this stuff and they sell a lot.


And although it took a while for that to happen as we'll see, but there's, there's nothing wrong with any of that. I don't, I think people that call her a hack can go fly a kite. Yeah. Go fly it with extreme prejudice. Should we take a break? I think so, man. We'll come back and talk about her life. Great.


Here's to those who have been touched by metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer that is spread to other parts of the body. Celebrating the patients, caregivers, healthcare providers, scientists and others who have been part of the HR positive HER two negative NBC community with Ibrance Palbociclib, a Pfizer product prescription Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitors for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor If you have new or worsening chest pain, cough or trouble breathing before taking Ibrance. Tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are nursing, pregnant, or plan to be all medical conditions you have and about all the medicines you take. For more information about side effects, talk to your doctor. Talk to your healthcare team about Ibrance, visit ibrance.com or call 1 8 4 4 9 ibrance for more information.


Hey everybody, we wanna talk to you about Squarespace and in particular If you have a great idea that you want to sell on the web. Well Squarespace makes it easy to sell access to content on your websites. That's right. You can do online courses, you can do blogs, videos, memberships. You can even earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. Simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. That's right. And you can get your content discovered fast. With integrated SEO tools, every Squarespace website is optimized to be indexed with meta descriptions and auto-generated sitemap and more. So you show up more often to more people in global search engine results. Just Go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff S-T-U-F-F to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Did you know Apple Card has no fees? No Fees, none, no annual late or foreign transaction fees. I guess when they say no fees, they mean it. That's right. Apply for the Apple card and the wallet app and start using it right away with Apple Pay. Subject to credit approval variable APRs for Apple card range from 18.24% to 28.49% based on credit worthiness rates as of January 1st, 2025. Apple card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more at apple com.


Okay Chuck. So Agatha Christie was born in 1890 in England in Devonshire in Torque, which I always wanna say Tangae. Deur. Sure. And it's in the southwest of England. So torque is kind of like our, or Devon shirts like our Arizona basically. That's my impression. I think It is very much like Arizona. Right. The legendary Devonshire cactus. Right. So which stalks the Moors. That's right. And she was one of three kids and I think her older brother and sister were both at least a decade older than her.


So she had like a very solitary childhood, which appears to have made her fairly happy. She didn't go to school. She was raised by governess and educated by governess. Spent a lot of time reading and just hung out around her family's estate. Yeah, I mean they had some dough. They were, they were not wealthy wealthy, but they were definitely upper middle class. They got an inheritance from her paternal grandfather such that her dad didn't need to work. Apparently she is on record as saying that Mike, her dad wasn't around much, didn't really impact me once much so he can go fly a kite as well. Right. It's a lot of kite flying. And she was, she loved being out in the garden.


She wasn't, I get the impression she wasn't like reclusive or anything, but she very much enjoyed time with herself alone, but also had friends and stuff when she eventually did go to school once her father passed and they couldn't afford that governess. Right. But she was a very, very shy person. The novelist, Joan Nella says that even as an adult she was so shy that sometimes she wouldn't go into shops because she would have to interact with the shopkeeper. So it is, She's a novelist, you know, how many novelists are the life of the party and super outgoing. You have never met Philip Roth apparently.


I just, I don't know, you kind of picture like the Stephen King's just locked in an attic somewhere and not like, well let me ride a little bit then I'm gonna go, you know, go to a party. Right. Go play some pick up basketball and maybe volunteer at the local food bank after. I don't know, it just, it's sort of solitary pastime so that, sure, there are examples of of extroverted authors, but I think she kind of fits the mold that you generally think of, especially for a lady mystery writer. Yeah. And you know, I think not only fits the mold, the more I learn about her, she made the mold true. Like basically everything we take her for granted as far as writing and mystery writing goes. Like she basically made it up. It's, it's pretty impressive stuff.


Yeah. So she, like we said, she did some pretty to us dumb dumbs in America seemed like exotic traveling trips, but If you lived in England at the time, it's no big deal to go to Egypt and check out the pyramids. That was, If you had a little dough, that was a pretty common vacation that you might take. So she did stuff like that and she was exposed to exotic locales and used those in her work, in her very first novel. Even Snow Upon the Desert she wrote when she was like 22 or 23 years old, I think. And you know, she had a hard time getting published at first because she was a young woman. Yeah.


She was rejected out of hand and apparently also she'd started writing because her sister told her that she probably wouldn't be able to write a mystery novel. Yeah. Which I love. So she did, she wrote the, what was it, snow on what? Snow Upon the desert. Snow upon the desert. And she was very young then. And in between the time she wrote Snow Upon the Desert and The Mysterious Affair at Styles, which would be her first published book, I believe she wedged a lot of life in there in the form of getting married to a guy named Archibald Archie Christie. And one of the things about Agatha Christie is that she was, she never, she wasn't a born writer even though she did write as a younger person, like you were saying, like she wasn't like a, she just didn't wanna be a writer as a kid.


And she ended up writing really seriously after she and Archie Christie got married because Archie Christie wasn't particularly wealthy and couldn't necessarily care for her himself. So she started writing to, to make money, which some people suspect is the reason she got into mystery writing in the first place because it was a very, very popular genre even then. Yeah. Well it makes sense. So she had the skills to pay the bills, it turns out That's right. They were married in 1914. He was kind of promptly sent to fight in the Great war in France and she worked at a pharmacist at a war hospital during that period. And this is where she learned a lot about potions and poisons and pharmaceuticals and things that she would, there's a lot of poisoning that goes on in her books.


Yeah. And she, later in her career, I think she actually would consult with doctors and stuff like that 'cause she wanted everything to be really medically accurate. But early on she learned a lot about this stuff from her work in the pharmacy, Which is kind of cool and ghoulish, you know, she's like, huh, how exactly would a person die from this bottle that I'm holding? So yeah. And apparently most of the deaths in her books are poisonings and, and like you were saying, like you very rarely see the person die. They just come upon the body and most of the time's a poison body. Sometimes there, there was violence visited upon them, but for the most part is a body that was found poison to death.


Yeah. And that's a good vehicle for a mystery novel because, you know, there's no murder weapon per se there. I guess there's the poison bottle, but it can often be very vague, a poisoning death. Like could it have been a heart attack? Like you have to kind of suss out at first whether or not it was even a murder. It's not like an obvious thing where there's a, a bullet hole in their chest or something like that. Right, right. Yeah. So poisoning is what she went with typically. It's another example also Chuck, I think of like her writing what she knew too. Yeah. Or at least writing what interested her. And she wrote in, I believe, 1920 No, during the, during World War I, so while she was working at the dispensary and Archie was off flying in France, I believe she wrote The Mysterious Affair Styles.


And it was, that's the one I started reading and it, I don't understand how it was rejected at first, but it was, it's a really interesting book just right outta the gate in that it, it pulls you right into this little country English estate and all of the people on it. And you realize just after a couple of pages that you're already invested in them, which is pretty amazing. And this is like, not her first book, but it was her first serious work that wasn't published immediately. It wasn't published until 1920. And I think even after it was published, it wasn't a, an immediate catapult to success for her, but it was a, it was a remarkable first book to be published.


Yeah. And this was the one that introduced the world to her chief detective for a lot of those novels, Mr. Poirot, like we mentioned. And later on they asked her why he was Belgian and she said, why not, basically. Right. It, I don't think a whole lot of thought went into it. It turned out to be a really good choice because he had this kind of interesting accent and everywhere he went, I don't, you know, they were never set in Belgium. Right. So everywhere he went, he was this sort of sort of strange foreigner that would come into town with this accent that no one quite understood. And he just had this sort of larger than life presence, I think, because of that. So it turned out to be a really smart choice.


Yeah. He was also a well-known dandy who was very vain about his appearance. And he apparently said in one of the later books that he plays up his foreignness and his dandies to disarm suspects when he is interrogating them to make them take him less seriously than they otherwise might. Oh man, I want to talk about knives out so much. You cannot, I appreciate you not doing that. So she had a daughter, we should mention in 1919 named Rosaly. And that's the only child she ever had. And it was in 1920 or year later that they finally did publish the mysterious affair at Styles.


After she agreed to change the ending, they said, we don't like Poirot revealing all this evidence in court. So she changed the ending. They said, great. That's when she went on to publish that novel every year for about 10 years. Right. Very, very big books. But they weren't, they were popular. But she wasn't like a superstar internationally at this point yet. No, not yet. Again, it, she really catapulted later on because she moved to some of these more exotic locales. But one of the things that cemented her legend as a mystery writer, in addition to all of the work she did, in addition to her prolificness and her extreme talent at this formula that she had worked out was what still today is considered an unsolved mystery.


In fact, it was featured on a 1994 episode of Unsolved Mysteries, which I just randomly happened to see recently. And she disappeared. There's a whole subplot to Agatha Christie's life that was really surprising, especially compared to how boring and normal and just kind of plotting with these instead of tees her normal life was the fact that she has this grand mystery plunked down in the middle of it is is pretty impressive. Yeah. It's, it's, so here's here's the backstory. She and Archie were not meant to be together as it turns out, he revealed that he was having an affair with a lady named Nancy Neil, who was a friend of the family.


And obviously that was the end of their marriage. So at the end of 1926, they decided they were gonna take a trip together, a weekender Archie went to be with his friends instead, and then she vanished into seemingly thin air. They found her car near Rock quarry with her fur coat and her driver's license there. And no Agatha Christie. No. And her car wasn't just near the rock quarry, according to some reports, like one of the wheels is hanging over the edge of this cliff And still spinning. Right. So, but she was gone. She, they, they couldn't find her.


And so within a couple of days, this massive search, depending on who you ask, and depending on when you ask them 10, like 10,000 plus people were searching for probably more likely a couple thousand, which is still really remarkable for this tiny little area in the southwest of England at the time in 1926. So the, that really kind of demonstrates, she was already a, a well-known writer. She wasn't legendary yet, but this is, this disappearance is the mechan mechanism by which she becomes legendary, I think. And this goes on for a good week, I believe. Right. When did she disappear?


December, what I think December 3rd is when they were gonna take that trip. So she was going almost two weeks and I'm by gone, we mean just vanished. She left behind that car, she left behind the driver's license in the fur, like you said, she was gone. Her husband had come, came to be known to have asked for a divorce already. So people were like, well, did he bump her off? And she's a mystery writer known for generating stuff like this. So even at the time some people were like, is this a publicity stunt? Right. 'cause it's a pretty good one if it's Sure it worked. And there was a band at this place called the Swan Hydro Pathic Hotel in Yorkshire, which kind of just sounds like a bit of a Kellogg brothers type of joint.


Have you seen a, a cure for wellness? Huh? Well, we, we talked about that in that podcast. Did we? I can't remember. Have you seen it? I never saw it. Have you yet? I still have not seen it. Hey, you're not missing that much. But it is pretty interesting. It's, it's worth seeing at least once. I might check it out. Okay. But at any rate, they had a band here because what Hydro Pathic hotel does not have a house band. And they came forward and said, Hey, that's Agatha Christie lady, she's been staying here for a week. She's been in the electric light bath cabinet and getting yogurt enemas and having a grand old time. Yeah. So they went to the cops and the cops went to the lead detective and said, no, no, no, she's been murdered and we're trying to find out the killer.


I'm sure of it. Eventually this detective said, well, let me tell her husband and husband Archie went out to check it out on the 14th of December. There she was, she was in seclusion. And that was sort of the end of this mystery. It wasn't so much a mystery, you know, she, by all accounts, it seems like she went there because she had thought about or maybe tried to drive her car into that quarry and and kill herself because she was upset about her marriage ending. Yeah. And then it didn't happen. And she just kind of goes on a walk and ends up at this place, may or may not have invented an amnesia story, or it may have actually happened to some degree.


She didn't talk about a lot. So we don't really know exactly what went down with the amnesia. She said that. So two years later she gave an interview with the Daily Mail and apparently explained the amnesia by saying she'd hit her head on the steering wheel. But in the same interview she says that she'd let go of the steering wheel. So she basically said like, I attempted suicide and it didn't work out. I hit my head on the steering wheel and I wandered off and I had amnesia. But the, the, they think that it's, it was just a family cover story to save face this amnesia story. And that really she had attempted to take her own life and hadn't succeeded and now regretted it and was embarrassed by all of this because the idea that there were thousands of people looking for, I think it probably never crossed her mind when she wandered away from her car.


No. And that I remember she was a very shy person. So this, all this attention was very, very hard on her. So the, the family just came up with this cover story that she had amnesia, so didn't even bother asking. And Archie and she stayed together for another year or so, and then their divorce finally became finalized in 1928. Yeah. So she didn't even mention this in her autobiography, which kind of says all you need to know about how much she liked to talk about this. Right. And we should say there was one other thing that did this too. It wasn't just Archie asking for a divorce. He asked for a divorce a few months after her mother died. And Agatha Christie's mother was beloved to her.


She worshiped her mother. She thought she was wonderful. Her mother was the parent that was there for her while she was a kid and raised her. It was just a very interesting person it sounds like. So she died, Archie asked for a divorce a few months later, and then this whole mysterious disappearance happened. That's right. And then one last thing I read that at the Swan Hydro Hotel, she was actually playing cards and chatting with other guests about this mysterious disappearance that was in all of the newspapers and none of the other guests recognized her. It was those band members that you mentioned. Interesting. I thought so too, ma'am. So that's everything I learned from Unsolved Mysteries. Should we take a break Finally?


All right, let's, let's take our final break and we'll talk a little bit more about her later life and further success.


Here's to those who have been touched by metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer that is spread to other parts of the body, celebrating the patients, caregivers, healthcare providers, scientists and others who have been part of the HR positive HER two negative NBC community with Ibrance Palbociclib, a Pfizer product prescription Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitors for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor If you have new or worsening chest pain, cough, or trouble breathing before taking ibrance. Tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection, liver or kidney problems, our nursing, pregnant, or plan to be all medical conditions you have and about all the medicines you take. For more information about side effects, talk to your doctor. Talk to your healthcare team about Ibrance. Visit ibrance.com or call 1 8 4 4 9 IBRANCE for more information.


This episode is brought to you by 20th Century Studio's. The amateur, Charlie Heller is the CIA's most brilliant computer analyst whose life is turned upside down when his wife is murdered in a London terrorist attack wrought with grief, Charlie decides her killers must pay. He implores his CIA superiors to send him to train under Agent Henderson to become a skilled assassin after a few field tests. Henderson is convinced that no matter how much training Charlie receives, he will never have what it takes to become a killer. But Charlie doesn't let this stop him. And without the support of the CIA, he embarks on a journey across the globe, hunting down each one of his wife's murderers. Without the skills of an assassin, Charlie must use his biggest weapon, his intelligence to enact as revenge. Because the most unexpected threat is an amateur Starring Academy Award winner. Rami Malick, Rachel Brosnahan, Katrina Beth, Michael Stuhlbarg, an Academy Award nominee Lawrence Fishburne, the amateur rated PG 13 only in theaters and IMAX April 11th.


Hey, everybody. Valspar knows that just because that paint color felt right then doesn't mean it's right now. Maybe your daughter was loving the unicorns, you painstakingly painted on our wall, but now she wants a more grownup green. Or maybe you went a little too hard on the millennial pink trend. Or maybe you were loving your spotless white walls before you had kids. But now your dining room needs a little color and a washable finish for everyday stains. Yeah. Everybody knows that paint color can enhance the vibe of a space. You can completely alter a room just with a different coat of paint. Yeah. You know, I like it when you just do one wall in a room. And I did one wall of my office black and it really added a lot. Ooh. La la. Well, whether you wanna personalize your space or find your next phase, Valspar Ultra has you covered, starting at just 29 98 per gallon Valspar Ultra interior paint plus primer starting at just 29 98 per gallon. Pick up everything you need for your next project at Lowe's. Price varies by sheen.


All right. So it's in 1928 at this point. She is freshly divorced. She kept that name because you know, she, that's the name that made her famous. So it makes a lot of sense. And she kept writing novels. She traveled on the Orient Express to Baghdad. She got into archeology, just sort of a hobbyist and made friends with a couple who were archeologists. Went to visit them in 1930. And on that trip met a man named Max Malon, who was an also an adventurer and an archeologist 13 years younger. And they fell in love and got married, which is a very, very sweet story. Yeah. Apparently he was giving her a tour of some archeological sites and he got the car stuck and she apparently, he said later she made no fuss about it, didn't blame him or anything like that.


And he said, that's about the time when I started to begin to realize that you are wonderful. And so they got married and she said later on that the good thing about being married to an archeologist is that the older you get, the more interested they become. Interesting. I thought that was kind of cute. So this is when Ms. Marpol comes along as, as a, a detective in 1930 with the murder at the Vicarage. That was her first One. That was the first Miss Marble book. Okay. And then she's traveling around, she's doing these archeological digs and trips. She's going to Syria and Iraq. She fell in love with Syria and the Syrian people. And she's really cranking out some big books at this point in the 1930s.


That's when like, Even even on archeological digs, Chuck, can you imagine how uncomfortable it would be to sit and write for hours at an archeological site? I can't. It would be tough. I would think. And yet she was still just as prolific as ever. Yeah. Books like Murder and Mesopotamia and Death on the Nile and Murder on the Orient Express were all written during this period. And this is what really catapulted her into international Superstardom as an author. Right. Author. So she and Max stayed together for I think 46 years until her death actually. Yeah. I think, yeah. She outlived him. So it was pretty sweet.


But despite all of this kind of adventure and, and archeological digs and like visits to the mi the Middle East, most of her life from that point on was in Devonshire in this tiny little area in the English countryside, in these, the quaint little towns. And she gardened and was very involved in local community theater. That was her life. She was also one of the biggest, most well-known, most bestselling writers of, of in the world while she was alive. And yet that's what she did.


She hung out with the Community theater group and gardened. That was just her life. Yeah. She got the dame commander of the order of the British Empire in 1971. And the rights to her novels were held by a company that she created for a long time. And then before she died, she sold part of that off. And that's been sort of bought and sold a bunch over the years, which is kind of how that usually happens. Right. But she did retain enough of the, of the company to, to have it be worth a ton of money, which she passed down to her daughter, of course as her only child. She sort of took care of her mother's works for many, many years and then passed that on to her only child, a man named Matthew Pritchard who still holds these rights and still sort of manages that today.


That's right. So everything turned out well for Matthew Pritchard. Sounds like Heck yeah. I wish, I wish my grandma was actually a dunk. 'cause I love my grandma, but sure. Would it have killed her to be an internationally famous author? No, it wouldn't. Chuck, and I'm glad we're finally talking about us. It's been an elephant in the room for a very long time. So she, you know, a lot of these went on to be very famous films TV series, I think Murder on the Orient Express has been a couple of big movies, in fact, one a couple of years ago that I have not seen. Y you it's unwatchable. Oh, is it really bad? I'm sorry. If you listen to this Kenneth Brano, I couldn't make it through the first five minutes.


Oh wow. It was, I didn't like it. Okay. Is that all you watched? Kenneth Was five Minutes and I loved Ken Bra five. Yes. Okay. So that's my report is on the first five minutes, She very famously has a play called The Mousetrap, which is debuted the West End in 1952. And it is the longest running play in the history of the West End, which is remarkable. Yeah. And to make that even sweeter, remember her sister who said that she probably couldn't write a mystery novel. Well, her sister was the first in the family to get a play produced on the West End, but it certainly wasn't the longest running play on the west end of all time. So she got her back doubly so, And then she was hit by a train and Agatha Christie laughed and laughed And poisoned her corpse.


So we need to talk a little bit here at the end. We always like to give everyone's, give everyone the accolades they deserve, but also point out some of the things that weren't so great. We don't wanna whitewash anything. And she used a lot of kind of racially insensitive language. Some would call anti-Semitic at times anti-Catholic through parts of her career such that the Anti Defamation League complained to her agent at one point. And because of that, American publishers were given the ability to change that stuff out, sort of at will Without, without any notice given to her. She just, she didn't know this was going on at all.


Yeah. They just were like, I don't think the Americans are gonna go for this. The Brits can barely stand it. The Americans definitely aren't gonna take this. Well Yeah. And I read a lot about this and there are different takes. One take is that the old, you know, she was a product of her time thing, which people, you know, rightfully point out Another is that oftentimes she's doing this to show characters are sort of underdeveloped as humans and sort of backward. So there's that as well. But you also can't dance around the fact that she did use some pretty bad words and, you know, we just gotta point that stuff out.


They were Bad and they were bad even at the time too. Yeah. Like the, it wasn't, yes, you can say like, yeah, a lot of people had different social attitudes toward race and racism and, and in that sense she wasn't that much different. But there were cases where she was standing well outside of the norm, including in book titles and, and characters and things like that. And, you know, one book in particular. And then there were none was revised many, many times. Not just in the US but in Great Britain as well. And it's remarkable in that sense. But in another sense it is also remarkable in that it, it's considered pretty widely to have given birth to the slasher film genre.


Did you know that? I didn't until my read Ed say it. I, yeah, I looked this up a little more and on its own, and then there were none. The book ends, sorry for the spoiler, everybody, but it ends with, I think all of the suspects killing one another and everyone dies in the stage adaptation of the play that she helped write there. The Final Girl, a female character is left alive and has outdone the murderer who's come to get her, which is, you know, for the formula for any slasher film whatsoever. But there's a bunch of other elements in there too. And they're like, you know, even on like horror fan wikis, they, they point to that as like the genuine birth even more than psycho of the slasher film genre.


Oh, Interesting. Yeah, it is pretty interesting. You who would've ever thought that Agatha Christie with her nonviolence and, and poison and occasional racism would've been the one to, to birth the slasher Film. Occasional racism. Yeah. And a lot of the, the racist stuff, just to put a a final pin on that was a lot of it was character descriptions, which can be some of the ugliest kinds of stuff like that. Yeah. 'cause it wasn't just like talking about philosophies, it was just like literally physically describing a character. Right. Sometimes she would use some pretty, pretty derogatory language. Yeah. So again, it's a bit like exploring Elizabeth Blackwell, Ernie historical characters, always weird little bugs under the rock.


She turnover, you know, I'm Glad we're doing our great work in a, in a in the time of wokeness. Right, Exactly. No one can ever go back. I mean, we've made missteps here and there, but they can't go back and talk about when Josh and Chuck were big racists at the beginning. Yeah, no, it's true. But just wait for 20 years from now, they'll be like, I can't believe they talked about those guys were ageist bastards. You know, Probably. So There's one other thing I wanna say too. So when she lived through World War ii, Agatha Christie was worried that she was going to die in the bombing blitz of Great Britain. And she really wanted Hercule Poirot and Jane Marbles to have a final case.


So she wrote a book for each of them. One is called Curtain, that's Po Row's final book. And the other is Sleeping Murder. That is Marble's final case. And, and it just kind of explains what happens to 'em. I believe Poro dies in Marbles just retires. But when she survived World War ii, she was like, well, I don't, I'm not ready for these guys to be retired yet. So she kept those books and had them posthumously published and they were in the seventies. And when her Hercule Porose last book came out and he died, the New York Times ran a front page obituary for him, the only fictional character to have that honor bestowed on them.


That's crazy, Isn't it? Yeah. And also a very cool, good idea to write those books early on just in case. 'cause you never know. Yeah. Besides the bombing thing, I mean, she could, she could walk off a ledge or get hit by a bus or die of natural causes early. Like you never know. And then you've got this legacy cemented. Right. Pretty smart. Have you ever seen one last thing? Have you ever seen Murder by Death? I know I've asked you before. I have that DVD sitting on my desk. Well, that's amazing that you have that on your desk and you Wait, is it on your desk at work? It's, oh, it's the wrong place. I was gonna say watch it tonight, but don't watch it tonight.


Wait until everything clears books. Was that wonderful? You're gonna love it. No, it's a spoof actually of detective books of like Charlie Chan and Agatha Christie and Sam Spade and all that that she helped, you know, kind of create. But it's actually like a complaint from fans of my mystery mysteries. It's just a wonderful book. Truman or movie? Truman Capote's in it. David Nivan. Peter Falk, right? Peter Falk. Yeah. A lot of people. James Cromwell as a younger man. Oh yeah, James Coco is Hercule Poirot. It's just great. You're gonna love him, man. So I guess we should say that she did die eventually five years or three years after I met her in 1976, at the age of 85 at her home in Oxford Shire or Oxfordshire, and it was natural causes not poison.


No. Her last words were good to meet you, Chuck. You got anything else? I do not have anything else. Well, friends, that is Agatha Christie, If you wanna know more about Agatha Christie, go start reading Agatha Christie books. And since I said Agatha Christie like three or four times, it's time for a listener May. All right, I'm gonna call this a letter from a kid because we love reading these letters from kids. Hey guys, I've been listening to your podcast for about eight months now, and I'd like to say I am a huge fan. This is Emmett. He's 10 years old. Oh yeah. I love this email. My dad is even more of a fan of you guys than me, and he told me about your podcast.


I am a huge fan of the Atlanta Falcons and pretty much everything Atlanta related, including your podcast, which is weird because I live in Iowa. I love It. It is a little weird though, Emmett. You're right. I love how self-aware this guy is. I think You know, you know when you grow up in a place like Iowa with no professional sports, you, You know, you do that thing where you just pick out a team in a city. Yeah, you, you're like the Bay City Rollers. You throw a dart at a map and go with it. That's right. And now I'm really worried there's a professional team in Iowa, but there is not. There Is not. There Are none. Right? No need to double check that. I've been listening to your podcast a ton during this Coronavirus outbreak to keep me from going crazy and it's worked.


My birthday is act is actually coming up, so I'll not be able to see my friends or even have a party. It would be totally awesome and make my year If you said happy birthday to me. But I want to bet you won't read this on the air. That's some fine reverse psychology right there. Well played Emmett. I love Your Grass podcast. And last year me and my best friend Oliver started a lawn care business and I made enough money to buy Beats headphones to listen to your podcast on. That is full circle right there. That's right. He says, I made sure to wrap this letter up and spanking all the bottom before I sent it. So happy, happy big, I guess. 11th birthday, Emmett Best to your dad. Hello Oliver and everyone there in Atlanta, Iowa.


Yeah. Happy birthday Emmett. That reverse psychology worked. Man, If you wanna get in touch with us like Emmett did and see if we'll wish you a happy birthday, I'll bet we won't. But who can tell him these crazy times? You can get in touch with us via email, wrap it up, spank it on the bottom, and send it off to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Spring Cleaning. Sure if we have to, but we're way more into spring streaming. Finding something to watch shouldn't feel like a chore. So we let Xfinity's entertainment experts do all the heavy lifting. They drop handpicked tv, movie and music recommendations right into your social feed. New premieres returning series, exclusive interviews, the top music playlist for MyHeart Radio and all the must watch moments. It's giving flowers and finales, fresh air and fresh entertainment. So take a break from those clean talk videos. Follow Xfinity on Instagram and TikTok for the best Spring streaming picks.


This is Steve Covino from Covino and Rich here to tell you, Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a commitment to progress, and with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


This episode is brought to you by 20th Century Studios. The amateur Charlie Heller is the CIA's most brilliant computer analyst whose life is turned upside down when his wife is murdered in a terrorist attack wrought with grief, Charlie decides her killers must pay without any fuel experience. Charlie must trek the globe and use his biggest weapon, his intelligence, to enact as revenge because the most unexpected threat is an amateur starring Academy Award winner, Rami Malick and Academy Award nominee Lawrence Fishburne, the amateur rated PG 13 only in theaters and imax April 11th.