
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple Pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Asking The right questions can greatly impact your future, especially when it comes to your finances. So if you're looking for a financial advisor, you can trust certified financial planner Professionals are committed to acting in your best interest. That's why it's gotta be a CFP. Find your CFP professional at Let's make a plan.org.


If you own a home, here's an interesting fact for you. Today, American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity that's a part of your home. You own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition, or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 800 the number four rocket. Or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in 50 states in M ls consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


Oh God. Hi everybody. It's Chuck here, blah boy. My selection this week is How the Flu Works and I'll give you one reason why. This is from November 14th, 2017. I hope you like it. I'm going back to bed. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark. There's Charles w Chuck Bryant. There's Jerry.


This is Stuff You Should Know about the flu, which I have, You know, the flu. Do you? I don't know, man. I can't, I can't. I've been on the planet for 41 years. Okay. I still can't really tell the difference between a flu and a cold. I think the difference that I can tell and I don't get the flu much, you know, I always get the stomach bug, which as it turns out is not a flu. I just learned. No, no. But I don't get the flu flu much. But I can always tell though, when I'm super achy, like the flu just makes me feel like dog dooo. Right. Whereas a cold is just a big inconvenience. Yeah. I've had no, I've definitely had like lots of aches and I woke up like shivering one night.


Oh, So you had a fever for sure. I guess so. I guess it, it must've just been one night and in the middle of the night. So that's, that's the flu, right? Probably. So I guess I I do have the flu. No, no joke everybody. Well, I'm erecting the clear glass in between us. Yeah, I, I think that I've had it long enough now based on the research from this article that I'm not contagious or else I would've called this off. So did you get it in New York, I wonder? I think so, yeah. Dirty, dirty New Yorkers, Right? Yeah. Which I was like, I was just walking, walking around like with my hands inside of, of couple of like plastic Dwayne Reed bags and it still didn't work. Well, that was your problem probably right there, right?


Dwayne Reed. Because I didn't take 'em off when I ate gross. Yeah. So yes, we were in New York for some bellhouse shows. Right. Those went pretty well. Yeah. Thought they were great. Alright, so the flu, we won't reminisce about past victories. We'll just talk about the flu instead. Yeah. How about a stat right off the, the get go here. Okay. The flu, the CDC and also, sorry, everybody for the sniffling, that's going to inevitably happen. I'm trying hard not to do it. You're a method podcaster. Right. Which is also what I said in my very first episode. That's Right. Remember that? Yep. It's not any funnier now.


So the CDC right here in Atlanta, centers for Disease Control and Prevention, not the CDCP. No. They just stuck with the original letters. Yeah. They reckon that about five to 20, between 5% and 20% of United States peoples get the flu each year compared to about 10% to 25% in dirty Cold Canada. Right. I know. And normally when you get the flu it's just, you're laid up for a couple of days. Right? Yeah. You like you said, you feel like dog de or something like that. Yeah, that's the seasonal flu.


But even with the seasonal flu, which usually it here in the United States or in North America runs from what, like October to March? Yeah, roughly. And then I didn't really think about this before, but in the southern hemisphere it runs the opposite and actually peaks in August, right? Yeah. Most of the time it's just an inconvenience for you, but it it actually kills people sometimes. Yeah. It can be dangerous for sure. So in 2011 and 12, that was a pretty low year in for deaths from the flu in the US There were 12,000 people who died from the flu. Oh, wow. Or complications from the flu.


2012, 13 flu season. 56,000 people died that year. And I think the average is something around 36,000 people in the US die from the flu every year. Yeah. And apparently the World Health Organization says around the world, as many as a quarter of a million people to a half a million people can die every year from the flu. Right. That's a lot of, a lot of folks. It is. So, I mean, and and the idea of dying from the flu, that's, that's awful. Because I mean, If you feel bad enough as it is from a flu that you recover from in a few days, imagine dying from that. That would just be a terrible way to Die. Yeah. And the whole thing, Chuck comes down to this little tiny virus, the influenza virus, and there's different types.


And influenza I found is actually a, a, a shout out to the Italian name for it originally. Did you know this? I did not. So I'm gonna say it normally, but then you have to say it in your famous Italian accent, influenza dereo. Are you talking about the influenza dereo, Which means influence of the cold. Oh, all Right. A lot of, for for many, many, many, many years. Because the flu is most predominant in the colder months. Ev everybody just assumed that it was ac the actual cold that was getting you sick. Right. That turns out not to be true. It it's an actual, it's a virus that does seem to favor the cold, drier conditions of the winter months.


But this little tiny virus gets into your body and it starts this chain reaction that is just fascinating. Yeah. So it is a respiratory illness. So like I said before, when you hear people say the stomach flu, which I've said a lot in my life, 'cause I get it once a year with the poopy butt and the vomitous mouth and this the ill belly. At the same time though, I can't, I think I've asked you this before, but I don't remember. Has It literally ever happened at the same time? I think once in my life, man, That's Rough. I was on the john with a bucket. Oh God. So rough. Well, the worst time I ever had it, and I may have told this story before, I was sick at a friend's house, which is the worst as when I was not living in Atlanta, but I was in Atlanta.


Oh No. And I was like, I gotta, I just gotta get to my mom's house, mom. Yeah. I was like, I just much more comfortably being sick there. Yeah. And he was working. It was just one of those things. And so I got in my brother's car that I was borrowing while I was in town. I Don't like where this story's going. And I drove no lie, probably about a hundred miles an hour to Snellville from Atlanta. Yeah. Thinking. And I pooped in my pants in the car. And I remember thinking if a cop pulls me over, he would have to be a cold, heartless individual to give me a ticket because I would just say, sir, don't take me to prison.


Take me to a hospital because I'm dying. Yeah. So I drove a hundred miles an hour. It was kind of fun. So You made it home, you showed up with poopy pants and your mom took care of you. Yep. Showed up to, to Diane's house and I lived. But anyway, that was a long way of setting up this, which is, that is actually not a flu. The stomach flu is not because the flu is 100% a respiratory illness. Right. And is not something that happens in your stomach or in your, in your butt. Right. And let's, let's talk first before we talk about the actual effect of the flu. Let's talk about the virus a little bit, okay. For a second. Okay. So back in 1931, there was this Iowa farm physician, which is to say he was a, a human physician of humans, but he probably lived on a farm 'cause it was Iowa in 1931.


Yeah. His name was Richard Chop. And he was trying to figure out what this bug that was getting people was. And he investigated with pigs first because there are plenty of other animals that can come down with the flu, not just humans. Right. Right. And he finally isolated, he isolated the flu virus in swine. And it led to this discovery of the isolation of the flu virus in humans too. So right after that, they started classifying the flu by strains. You got A, B, and C. Right. So A is the most common. Right. And most severe, that's the bad news. Yeah. B is a little milder, a little less prevalent.


And then we go all the way down to C, which is, I get the feeling C doesn't happen a lot. And it definitely isn't the one that you're gonna have like a, a big epidemic of the flu from a C. Yeah. I couldn't find much on CI influenza either poor C Yeah. It'll, it'll make a comeback one day and it'll, it'll shock the heck outta all of us. Right. Probably. So. So type A infects all sorts of different species, right. Humans, birds of all kinds, pigs, bats, horses, even. Yeah. I mean, remember the avian flu that was, that scared the world? Oh yeah. And that was a Right, that was a strain.


B strain is almost exclusively infective of humans. Apparently the only other species we've ever found a, a type B influenza virus in is seals. God knows where they got it from. Or if we got it from seals, who knows, maybe up north, I don't know. And then that C one, it just infects humans and pigs. So you got the three types. That's right. And then one other thing about them about the classification of, of flu strains is that there are also subtypes. Right. And so you mentioned like avian flu and the one that scared everybody was I think H five N one.


Yeah. That was it. I remember. So the H and the N are the, they refer to the, the two kinds of, the two main proteins that you find on the outside of a flu virus. Hemagglutinin and, and neuro mease. Okay. And so depending on those types of H protein or M protein, that's, that's how they subtype flu strains. Yeah. So I mean, that's a good little factoid. I don't think anyone really understands what those letters mean. That's what they mean, You know? Yeah. But as far as you're concerned, just pay attention to the news. And when they talk about the scary ones, they'll mention those letters and numbers and then you can impress your friends.


Yeah. You can be like, oh, well, that they're talking about hemagglutinin and neuraminidase and they'll say, Shut up nerd. Right. I hope you get sick. So as far as the, the standard flu that we're talking about here, the virus, it gets into your body and it, it kind of makes a beeline to your respiratory tract and it binds with your cells. It's viruses. Did we do one, a general on, on viruses? The one I think we really went in depth on was HIV where we talked about how virus centers the body and takes over. It's just Vicious. It is how they work. But it's also, it's kind of like admirable in a really like deadly efficient way. You know, it's So they bind to the surface of your, of the cells in that respiratory tract and then they say, Hey, I'd like you to meet my little friend RNA, why don't, why don't I inject my genetic information into your nucleus and see how you like it.


Right. And when it does that, the, the cell has been officially hijacked and the virus uses the cell's own RNA transcription process to create the proteins that are needed to make new versions of the virus. Yeah. So the virus is using this host cell in your respiratory tract to make copies of itself. And suddenly before the cell knows what's going on, it's made millions of copies of these viruses. Right. And apparently when you talk about it step by step, it seems like this takes a little while, right? No. In seconds, seconds after that, the virus has entered your respiratory cell, millions of copies of it have been made.


Yeah. Like this, this is happening so fast. It moves in there, it says, I'm in charge now. Cell Outta the way Out. Yeah. Completely outta the way I'm running the show here. We're we're copying each other and it, it we're gonna move out to the cell membrane 'cause this cell's gonna die very quickly. And then that's just gonna poof me out into the body further to infect other cells. And it's, it's scary how quickly this happens. Right? So If you think about it, if that first cell produces millions of viruses, vi viral copies, and then they're released from the cell out into the rest of the, the other respiratory cells and each of those infects another cell, and then those cells all make millions, you see how quickly these, these viruses reproduce in your body.


Yeah. And once that starts to happen, you are infectious. I think once that first cell ruptures, you become infectious. But this can be like a day before symptoms. Right. So this is, this is something people are always saying like, oh, I'm not infectious anymore. Right. Like me, I said it earlier too. Right. I know, but Supposedly the day before you, you even know you're sick the day before the first symptoms start, before you start like sniffling a little bit or whatever. You're infectious buddy. Yeah. And you're infectious up to seven days after that day you first start showing symptoms with the flu. And if you're a kid, you can be infectious even longer because if kids are anything, they're walking germ factories, They're disgusting monsters.


It's Hilarious. It's true man. Like my kid didn't get sick at all for the first 18 months of her life and I thought, I've got a wonder baby. Yeah. Really? I don't know what's going on. We put her in daycare a couple of days a week and she was sick nonstop for the next six months. Man, that is rough. It is rough. And then they get the family sick. And we'll talk a little bit about that and how that happens. But all this is to say during flu season, especially If you work in like an office where you know, when you hear like the flu's going around or whatever, or any, anywhere you work or in school, If you hear about the flu going around, even If you don't feel sick or your cube mate doesn't feel or look sick, just start washing your hands a lot.


Oh yeah. That's like they, they say that's the best way to prevent getting the flu or spreading the flu is washing your hands a lot. Do It. A And it's, it's so simple that you almost might discount it, but it's actually true. Like that's the best way to do it. You can wash the flu virus off of your hands with some soap that will bind to it and the water will wash it right off. Wash that flu right outta your hair. Yeah. And If you have the flu, stay home. Yeah. Everybody but me stay home. Well, we we're up against it. We, we had to record today And also wash your hands just constantly. Like I, if I'm about to touch anything, I'll wash my hands first. Right.


If I'm gonna go somewhere outside of the hot zone, which is whatever room I'm sequestered in, you know, I will wash my hands. You know, I appreciate that. I mean, trust me, we're in this tiny studio now, the three of us. I know. I'm trying not to breathe. Yeah, you've done all this on one breath. It's impressive. I know. Well, quickly before we take a break, so you can breathe again where we're gonna talk about symptoms afterward. Before you get these symptoms though, what's happening is your respiratory system is gonna become inflamed and this inflammation might stick around for a few weeks, but from there it moves into your bloodstream. And then that's when you're gonna get these symptoms once it sort of moves into the bloodstream.


Right. And we're gonna talk about the symptoms as promised right after this.


Hey everyone, as a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/sy sk, that's linkedin.com/ssk and you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry me slash stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with an bay. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly, stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long and Get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos, hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair every style, every home.


Alright, Chuck, let's, did you breathe? Yeah, a little bit. Let's talk symptoms. Okay. You know what I need? I need one of those like reeds that Bugs Bunny used to like hide in the water when Elmer FUD was hunting him. I could just like get along one and maybe a crazy straw would be even better and just like pipe it out to the air duct right there. That's a Great idea. What do you think? We'll get everybody else sick except you and Jerry. So the symptoms sound a lot like a cold because the symptoms are kind of the same. A cold is is usually not as fraught with potential complications and maybe a little less severe, but they're pretty close, which is why you couldn't tell earlier If you had a colder fever or a flu.


Right. The the but that fever, that's the, the big one. Apparently that's a big distinction between the two. Yeah. I think that's kind of the way I dis distinguish it. Right? Yeah. And the a cold colds are also caused by viruses. They're caused by coronaviruses, which can, there are types of coronaviruses that are really bad that cause like Mers and sars. Yeah. But for the most part, when you catch a cold from a coronavirus, it's a, a low level virus or it's a rhinovirus, that's the other one that cau that causes the common cold. Right. So it's just a, a different kind of virus producing similar symptoms to a flu. Do you remember when Peter sars guard was on Saturday Night Live years ago?


No, he Was, you know, the actor. Sure. He was on there during the SARS when there was that SARS scare in the United States. And one of their skits was he had developed the SARS guard SARS Guard, which was just a, basically a surgical mask. But it was just funny. They said SARS guard, SARS guard like 30 times. And I laughed every time His, I think his younger brothers was Pennywise the clown in the the IT movie. Right? Oh, I don't know. I'm pretty sure that was a SARS guard and he is amazing. Yeah. Have you seen it? No. Oh, you gotta see it. You're gonna love it. Now was he a SARS guard or a scars guard? Oh God, I didn't know there were two different things.


Well, they're The Scars guards, which is like Tel Scars Guard is the dad. Okay. And then the son was the dude on True Blood, the Vampire Show. And then recently on that Pretty Little Liars I think, I don't know one with Nicole Kidman. Okay, that's Alexander Scars guard. I think that might be him. Is SARS guard the one who's in Fargo Sars? No. Who's that? That's Peter sars guard. Yeah. That's another dude. What is up with all these guys? So are you sure you're not just dropping the K off of Peter's scars guard? Alright, here's the deal.


Okay. The guy in Fargo, man, this is such a bad sidetrack already. It's Pretty Bad. The guy in Fargo was Peter Stormer. Okay. So he's not even in the equation then. No, but I definitely know that there is Peter sars guard. Okay. Because he either was or is married to Maggie Gyllenhaal. Oh yeah, I guess I knew that. Peter sars guard. Okay. And then there's Stalin and Alexander Skarsgard and I don't know who it the clown was. It's Bill Scars guard. And is he related to the scars guards? I guess so, yeah. I believe he's the youngest of them. Okay. Oh, I'm sorry. I was wrong. It was Tim Curry I was talking about.


No, actually I, we never looked stuff up, but I did look that up. Yeah, because the headline here says Alexander scars guard's reaction to his brother Bill's clown costume. Yeah, he's, it's good his acting, it goes way beyond the costume. They did go with the costume, but it was his acting that Oh yeah, it was, it was good. I know there were so many people screaming at their phones, but I think we finally got it right. Yeah, sorry about that everybody. I, I also want to apologize for any medical students who are being forced to listen to this as part of their class. Hopefully your instructor fast forwarded through that part. All right. Back, this all got started with SARS guard SARS guards.


Oh yeah, that's right. Because that's from the coronavirus. This is the influenza virus we're talking about that creates this inflammation which is your immune response right. In your lungs. That's correct. And the symptoms like a cold are coughing, sneezing that the fever, which is different like we said with the flu. Right. Achy body, which usually comes with that fever. And then Josh's runny nose and congestion that you can hear in your overall lethargy. Yeah, I am a little under the weather, I guess is a good way to put it. I can tell. So those are just standard flu symptoms. You can have secondary symptoms from complications of the flu. Right.


One thing that that has long gone hand in hand with the flu as far as like death from flu complications goes is bacterial pneumonia. Yeah. That's no Good. And for a very long time science wasn't quite sure why that why you were just so susceptible to bacterial infections. When you're battling the flu and they figured it out, it's actually your body's immune response that is responsible for it. Right. Right. So when you have the flu and your body starts to battle it off and you get a fever and, and your lungs become inflamed, that's, that's your immune, your immune system's response to the flu virus.


But when your body says, okay, calm down everybody, let's bring the temperature back down and and your body represses its own immune response, it opens the door for bacteria that normally it would be able to fight off to take advantage of this kind of naturally weakened state that your immune system's in and you can, you're much more susceptible to infections from bacteria and that's where pneumonia comes from. You can get viral pneumonia but you, you usually get bacterial pneumonia and that's the stuff that people can die from because that bacteria infects your air sacks in your lungs, which fill with fluid and puss and blood and you, you die from choking on bloody froth that fills up your airway.


Oh my god. Yeah. It's not, it's a bad jam man. Severe dehydration is another secondary symptom of the flu. That's why of course you always want to drink plenty of water when you have a cold or flu. I look that one up too, Chuck, because If you think about it, why, why would you be dehydrated from the flu? It's from sweating. Yeah, sure. Your nose running. Yeah, it's, You're just leaking fluids. Yeah You are. And like they start to add up and all of a sudden you're dehydrated before you even knew it. That's right. Ear infections, especially if you're a kid. Sinus issues. Emily always gets bad sinus problems along with this stuff. I know she was starting to get a little sniffly. Is she sick?


She did get sick. Oh that poor lady. Yeah. New York man. Yeah. It killed everyone I love. And then If you like in Emily's case, she's slightly asthmatic, but If you are asthmatic you have like diabetes, it can make that stuff worse. Yeah. She doesn't have diabetes, right? No. Well the reason diabetes is, is comorbid with the flu or is problematic when you have the, the flu is because type one diabetes especially is an autoimmune disease. So your immune system's already repressed, I guess. Yeah. And then heart conditions can be exacerbated by it because you're getting less oxygen from your lungs into your bloodstream, which strains the heart.


And if it's already weak, people have heart attacks from the flu if they already have a heart condition. Isn't that crazy? Yeah. Again, it's a bad jam. Well actually we in in the episode coming up about the, the silly one, about the 10 cursed movies. Remember the, the little girl from Poltergeist died from at 12 from a heart attack brought on by the flu. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Or she had like a stomach blockage. They initially diagnosed it as the flu. Oh okay. But I thought it was not never like a virus like that. I don't think so. I think they mistook it. Alright, well then forget all that. But people do. So your point still remains Correct.


Okay. So how you get the flu is this, like you said, it's generally about November through March, January and February tend to to be the worst of it here in the United States. And as we mentioned, offices and schools especially 'cause children are filthy monsters who just don't wash hands and they breathe on each other and touch each other and they don't cover their mouths when they cough for sneeze. But It's pretty cute when they hug each other. It's very cute actually. It's worth, it's worth all the sickness in the world. It's pretty great. But that's the reason that kids tend to spread it more. Because as much as you try and teach them to cover their mouth when they cough and sneeze and wash their hands a lot, it's just not really on their radar like it is for adults.


No. You know, not At all. 'cause they are dirty, dirty, dirty creatures. And then, you know, the kid then in turn brings it home and the family gets infected pretty quickly because try as you might, there's just a lot of close contact with kids that you can't avoid. And even if you're washing your hands, they will find a way to infect you. Right. And If you go even further back, there's an even earlier origin before kids picking it up at daycare or preschool for the flu. Usually it comes from other animals we we're finding. Right? Yes. Very frequently birds like we were saying.


Right. And they used to think that it, that for a human to catch a flu from a bird, especially that flu had to show up in a mixing vessel. Usually a pig which was capable of taking it, it could be infected by a bird flu and a human flu. And flu viruses have this amazing talent called reassortment where a flu strain and another flu strain can get together and be like, oh hey you have eight proteins that make up your your RNAI do too. Let's mix and match and see what happens. And they thought for a long time that this really only took place in pigs and then out would come a new super virus that no one had ever seen before that humans could catch.


But from Southeast Asia, people being in close contact with infected birds, especially like in the poultry industry or something. There have been cases that started in the nineties of avium flu coming directly from birds to humans so that that theory went out the window. Yeah. And that's what set off those fears of a bird flu pandemic that we lived with for many years. Yeah, that's right. As far as, and you know that a lot of that was just spread from bird poop. Yeah. And it scared people because that, that those bird flus are no joke. Like they, they have like a 60% mortality rate, 60% six outta 10 people who come down with H five N one bird flu die.


Right. Yeah. Luckily it's really, really difficult to catch it even when you are around sick birds. Right. It doesn't very frequently make the jump to humans, but it can is what they, what they found. Yeah. As far as the regular flu, the, the garden variety flu that we're talking about mainly here, it spreads from, well like we said, from from touching stuff from coughing and sneezing. When you cough and sneeze even, even If you think you're covering your mouth pretty well, there may be little, little fluids squirting out between your fingers up to a few Feets a fire hose, It's in the air around you.


That stuff can travel. You know, so if that lands on a doorknob or if someone covers their mouth like a, like a normal and then opens a door or borrows a stapler Yeah. Or whatever it's gonna be on that doorknob and then you touch it. And that's why I like hand washing by the sick and by the non-sick is so crucial. Yeah. And if you're like having an anxious day at work and you're doing your normal thing of chewing on your stapler to relieve anxiety and the guy who borrowed it was sick, you're toast. You are toast. And as you mentioned earlier, it bears repeating. You can be sick a day before symptoms and you can, or you can be contagious a day before symptoms and still remain contagious up to seven days after the symptoms start.


Right. So even If you feel better after day four, you could still be spreading that junk around for a few more days. Right. And they say that even after you feel better, you should stay in bed an extra day because again, your immune system is, is compromised and you are are like, you can catch other stuff. So you wanna be careful. Yeah. That extra day really pays Off and that's when you just lay in bed and watch Stranger things too. Right. I haven't seen it yet. Is it good? Yeah, we just finished it last night. Cool. Well got Did you see the first season? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That was great. Season two is just as great if not better. I'm happy to Say. Wow. I'm glad to say that too. I was a Little nervous here, you know, 'cause it was something I loved and it's like, oh man, season two, a lot of pressure.


Well yeah, that's how it happens. The sophomore season is very frequently like everyone's aware of the success of the show and what people are saying about it. Yeah, I know. And I, they try to adapt to the expectations rather than continuing on doing what they were doing before. But good for you guys. Stranger things. Yeah. So great. I wanna get those Duffer brothers on movie crush. Oh yeah, that'd be cool. Those Guys would be great. Should we take a break? Yeah, I think so. All Right, we'll come back and talk a little bit about pandemics.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away. Your worries with Anna Bay. Anna Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric. Experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide, backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Let's talk about moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity. Doesn't sound familiar. Think about how you've been sleeping lately. If you've had nights where you've been told you snore loudly or choke or gasp for air and then wake up feeling tired, it may be due to OSA in The us. Moderate to severe OSA affects around 24 million adults. Many are adults with obesity and most cases remain undiagnosed and untreated. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lilly U-S-A-L-C.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. NA member FDIC.


Hey everybody. Here's an interesting fact. The most common disease in the world is cavities. It's also one of the most preventable, which brings us to the Colgate Total Active Prevention System because it attacks the root cause of oral health problems like cavities and gingivitis. Yeah. Spoiler alert it's bacteria. The system is 15 times more effective at fighting bacteria. It reduces bacteria buildup in six weeks, starting in week one compared to a non stanis fluoride toothpaste and flat trim toothbrush when used together. It's some cool science too. The unique technology in the toothpaste was recognized with the Edison Patent Award, which honors outstanding research and innovation. But this is about more than impressive awards and healthy smiles. Oral diseases can increase the risk of other health conditions such as respiratory disease, diabetes, and cardiac conditions. With the Colgate Total Active Prevention system, you can help prevent problems like cavities and gingivitis before they start, which may make a positive impact on general health conditions. Be dentist ready. Shop the Colgate Total Active Prevention System by visiting shop.colgate.com/total.


Alright Chuck. So we were talking about how seasonal flu has seasons, that's why it's called seasonal flu. Right? That's, that's I guess, one classification of flus. There's also a pandemic flu and the same kind of flu virus can be a pandemic flu or a seasonal flu. And I think usually the way it happens is a new virus will emerge from say like livestock or poultry or something like that and infect humans. And if it's totally novel where no human has ever encountered a, a flu of this type before, it can just lay waste to people. It can kill a lot of people. Yeah. It can infect a lot of people.


It can spread the world. And when that happens, it becomes classified as a pandemic flu. After a couple of rounds around the world, people will have started to develop an immunity to it, but it'll still be passed around. And so for the decade or so, it can be the predominant strain of the flu, but it'll be, it'll have changed over to a seasonal type of flu. So it's almost like the, the pandemic versus seasonal type flu describes how contagious it is and the how, how virulent it is. Right. I think that's the big distinction. Yeah. And I think also in the pandemic, doesn't that mean it has left the country?


Yeah. I I think that is kind of one of the indicators of it too. Yeah. 1918 there was this, these numbers are staggering. This is the worst flu pandemic in world history in 1918 for, I don't know what months exactly, but 19, 18 and 19. And it killed more than 20 million people around the world. And It killed most of those people actually in four months, from September to December. Isn't That crazy? More lives were lost than all 20th century wars combined to, to the flu. Yeah. Well do you, you said 20 million. 20 million worldwide. About half a million in the United States. I saw in many reputable places, 50 million people died, man, around the world.


That is Just, it's staggering. Yeah. And it was like right at the end of World War I and just came outta nowhere. And one of the other really noteworthy things about it that just baffled people was it was killing like healthy people under the age of like 22, 23, 24. Like just healthy young people killed by the flu. A lot of them died from pneumonia and they finally figured out that it was, because it had been about 20 something years since a flu resembling that type of strain had made the rounds. So people under say like age 25 had never been exposed to it. So it was a novel flu which just leveled the, the people it was exposed to who had never, never encountered something like it before.


Yeah, it's, I mean, it's scary to think about. I mean, surely that couldn't happen today. Could it? Or could it? Oh yeah, Yeah, sure. Man. You think that we could head something like that off these days? Do you know like a third of the population of the world was infected with that flu that year? Wow. Isn't that crazy? I know, that's hard to believe. Yeah, That can totally happen. It's, it's a real concern. Alright, so as far as your risk of getting the flu, if you're a kid, like there's d different risk groups, like high risk, low risk, whatever, medium or average risk. But if you're under two years old, your your little immune system isn't quite smart enough yet to know how to fight things off.


So you're definitely more at risk. And as always, what affects the children also affect the elderly? So if you're over 65, seniors is elderly Wrong to say. I think elderly it's technically 81. Oh Really? Yeah. Alright, so we'll go with seniors. Seniors, active senior adults who have decades left ahead of them. That's right. Who else? Anyone who has any kind of chronic, like I mentioned, asthma or diabetes, any kind of chronic condition if you're pregnant, If you work in a hospital or a doctor's office Yeah. Or a nursing home. Nursing home. It's, and not just the people who work there, but the residents too or in a really vulnerable position.


Yeah. Because they are in the elderly age range, their immune systems are pretty compromised. If they're in a nursing home, they're probably ill already and then they're living in close quarters with other people who are ill. That's, that's a, that's a recipe for a disaster. Yeah, sure is. It's also a recipe for tapioca pudding. It is The best around Remedy wise. And we'll talk about vaccinations here in a minute. 'cause I thought that was kind of one of the most interesting parts of this. But as far as remedies, If you get the flu, it's a, it's a virus. So you can't take antibiotics. No. You can't take a pill that's gonna cure you.


There are some antiviral drugs, which I've never tried any of these, have you? No, no, no. I tried Zicam last year once. I think that's for colds. Yeah. I thought that was like di discredited. Well it, I mean I had a few people say, oh You know, you should try Zicam. It helps knock out your cold faster. It killed my sense of taste and smell. Oh no. For several days to the point where I was scared. I don't remember that. I'll bet you were scared. Yeah. And I looked it up and it's a thing. Oh, I do remember that actually. Yeah. Yeah. That, that's just really unnerving the idea of maybe it's permanent. Yeah, it was, it was pretty, pretty freaky. Yeah, I'll bet. And super noticeable. It wasn't like a, a subtle thing.


You'd be Like, Chilly, I miss you. So that was my experience. I'm not making some sweeping statement about that medication. Sure. Way to COA man. But there are antiviral drugs called, there's one called Tamiflu Relenza Flu. Flu meine. Little on the nose If you ask me. Right. Flu stop the, well the antiviral drugs, they seem like a good idea, but they seem like a good idea under the premise that seasonal flu strains were used to think they, they used to think that they died out at the end of a season. Right, right. Well, they started tracking 'em, like our global monitoring system is really top notch and they can track flu around the world and they've found that seasonal flu at the end of the season in North America, it just goes to South America.


Yeah. So since, since that's the case, when you use antivirals and you're exposing these flus that go on to survive, you're also training them evolutionarily speaking to adapt so that those, those antiviral drugs are useless against them for people who like really need them. Yeah. So just like with antibiotics, using antivirals just to, to cure a common flu or to shorten a common flu is probably a bad idea when you're talking about the whole population. Yeah. And that's what they do. They, they, what they try to do is just keep the spread cellular spread from happening as as much as it can. Right. And that's sort of the easiest way to say it.


Yeah. Yeah. There's, there's one keeps them, well two, a pair of them keep 'em from replicating and then another one traps them inside a cell once they enter. Right. It's like, oh God, I, I can't get out the door's locked and then death And they're all prescription drugs. Right. If I'm not mistaken. So vaccines are like pretty hot. They're like, the hot thing to do on a Friday night is to go get a flu vaccine. Right. Yeah. I didn't get, I didn't get flu shots for many, many, many, many years until I had a kid. Yeah. And they say like If you, If you, especially If you have a baby under six months of age, they can't be vaccinated.


And so everyone around them should be vaccinated. Is the the recommended recommendation from the CDC? Yeah, Like our close family, the, the Grand Grands and the Abbas all and the pop Pops and the Papas and the PPAs and the Mems and the Momos. Hey Momo, that's your dog. Yeah. Yeah. Momo got a flu shot That was nice of her. She's very kind. So yeah, we all got flu shots and I, I just wasn't, you know, I never got the flu much, I never, I didn't have a disbelief in the flu vaccine. I was just like, nah, I, I don't really need to bother with that. Yeah. That's Kind of, I was fine. Do you get 'em now though now? Yeah. Is it a habit of yours now?


Well, Yeah, now just, they just sort of recommend it. When you have kids up at, up until they're a certain age, you should get vaccinated as a family. Right. And when you have kids, If you get 'em vaccinated, you once they're able to be vaccinated again under six months, they say, no, no, no, don't do that. When they're young though and you're getting 'em vaccinated, they need to be vaccinated twice like a month apart. Yes. And so with flu vaccines in general, they recommend that you get it as early in the season as possible because it takes about two weeks for that to take effect. So with a kid then I guess you would wanna get, so that six weeks before the flu season, I don't know.


Or is that, or is that second one pretty much like, oh, okay, now it's taking effect. So is, I'm not sure, is it four weeks plus two weeks or Just four weeks? I don't remember the schedule. Yeah, I don't remember the schedule. Well ask your doctor, okay, we're not doctors stop pressuring This. Well, they'll tell you like when you go to get your little kitty checkups, they say, you know, come back in this month and get your flu shot. Right. Number one and then flu shot number two. And so for a while there they, there were two kinds of flu shots that the CDC recommended. One was an actual shot, the, the flu vaccine that was in a shot form. Yes. And then there was another one that's called Live attenuated influenza virus, which came in the form of a nasal spray.


And that was usually recommended for kids. I don't know if it's 'cause kids don't like needles or, or what, but the CDC is officially stopped recommending nasal flu vaccines. Yeah. Just they don't do those anymore. Right. Well, and when they were doing it, when we say kids, you had to be over five because it was a, like you said, a live a live virus. Right. It was a live weakened virus. Yeah. And that's different, like If you think, alright, I'm gonna get a flu shot, so that means I'm gonna get the flu virus shot into me. And so I might feel like I have the flu. That's not really the case. It's, it's really kind of neat how they do it. These, these scientists and doctors, like you said, track what's going on in the world of flu all over the world.


And they, they sort of make a, well, they don't sort of, they, they very definitely make a prediction and say, here's the flu strain specific to the United States, let's say that I think we're gonna be faced with this year. And they make their best scientific guess possible. And that is the, you get a, a not live version of that virus injected into your body. Your body sees, hey, foreign invaders here, let me produce antibodies. Then if that virus or if the, the real flu knocks on your door later that winter, your body says, wait, I've met you before and I had to fight you. Yeah. But it's pretty cool.


Like, and it literally, the effectiveness I looked up this year, and it's a year to year thing, it's 40 to 60% on this year's strain. And it, it varies because it really just depends on how well those scientists have predicted how much they get it. Right. Right. Because if, if they get all three wrong, well then you're toast When you encounter the flu that's going around that season, the vaccine, it's really interesting. But even when they do get it right, it's kind of baffling that sometimes the flu vaccine just doesn't bestow any kind of immunity. Yeah. Apparently Australia just came out of a really bad epidemic flu season down there and it didn't cause a lot of deaths, but everybody was sick with the flu.


It was a a h three type flu that went around. And even though that strain showed up in the vaccine that was given out, only like 15% of people who got vaccinated and were exposed to the flu were immune to it. Wow. Like 85% of people who got flu vaccines and then encountered the flu still got sick. That's a pretty bad track record for a flu vaccine. And they're, they're just not sure why. And one, one of the theories is, so when they make flu vaccines, they grow 'em in egg protein typically like eggs. That's the medium they use to actually grow the viruses that they then kill. One researcher pointed out that at least one kind of flu virus mutates in the presence of egg protein.


So that this, the virus that you put in to grow in there is different from the one that comes out. It's a mutated version. And so maybe that would, would prevent your body from recognizing the original one that you were trying to introduce it to in the vaccine. So, Interesting. It is pretty Interesting. Well, and they say there's a list of people who should not receive the flu shot and one of the, one of those qualifications is If you are allergic to chicken eggs, then you shouldn't get a flu shot. Yeah. There's like a couple of other ways that they make flu shots, flu vaccines. But that chicken egg is the most predominant way to do it. Yeah. If you're currently have a fever wait on your flu shot under six months, of course we said you cannot, If you have had flu shots in the past and you had a bad reaction, 'cause like I said, it's not gonna make you sick, but you might feel a little achy or have sore muscles or something, but you can have a bad reaction.


And if that's the case, then maybe flu shots aren't for you. Right. And if you're an anti-vaxxer, then you probably already decided that flu shots aren't for you. Correct. Which we will never do an episode on that On vaccinations. Right. Oh, you don't think so? I Don't know, man. So the, the idea that a flu vaccine can, you know, check all the boxes but still just be wrong, wrong, wrong or not confer immunity has some people looking for a universal vaccine or one that lasts way longer than just a year. What they're targeting is, so when you get a normal vaccine, that vaccine is based on that HA protein, the Hema hemagglutinin.


Yeah. And that's the most quickly evolving part of any flu virus. Right? Yeah. So they're saying, well, let's look at other parts of the flu virus that don't evolve nearly as quickly and target that. And some of those parts are even basically universal among all flu viruses. So If you can find, If you can create a vaccine based on a stable part of a flu virus, that's a part of every flu virus, one vaccine could confer ideally lifelong immunity from all influenza for anybody who takes the vaccine, One vaccine to cure them all. Exactly. Wow. Yep. So you got anything else?


No, I mean, I guess we're not gonna cover the Boogie Woogie flu. I thought that was Boogie Woogie Fever? No, it's the Rocking Pneumonia and the Boogie Woogie flu. Oh, that's nice. What's that from? Is that an Atlanta rhythm section song? No, they're, they're better than that. Oh, okay. Well, since I said Atlanta rhythm section, everybody, that means it's time for listener mail. Yeah. This is a Simpsons Overlooked, overlooked Simpsons bit from us. And this is not one of those, we get plenty of things where people are like, how could you not have mentioned this quote?


Yeah, I know. Or This episode. Yeah, I know, but the response was good then. People weren't necessarily poo-pooing it. No. And also I wanna say thank you to everybody who wrote in to just say congratulations or to thank us. That was all. Every single one of those emails or tweets or posts were all well received. So thanks for those guys. Totally. But this is something we, we failed to mention, which definitely deserves its own email. And this is from Rich, our man on Cape Cod, as he says, Hey guys was listening to The Simpsons two parter. Enjoyed it very much. You explained how an episode came to be from conception to animation, et cetera, and you paid respect to each portion, but then you slide it off one of the most important men in the franchise you just said.


And then they slapped Denny Elfman's score on it and it's done well as any true Simpson's aficionado would know. Danny Elfman has never once written a score to the Simpsons. He wrote as we know, just the the title or the theme, The theme Song. So he says, that job fell to the immensely talented and recently terminated via email Alf Clawson. Wow. For 27 years. Every score, every cue, every song was composed, orchestrated, and conducted by Clawson in his live orchestra. He's won two Emmys and seven Annie awards for his work. Now, the reason this was such a painful sight was 'cause this omission has been happening for years.


Clawson has worked insane hours writing music for a live orchestra to an accompany an animated show. He's always played second fiddle. Nailed it. He said to all those who think Elfman is any part of the show after he pinned the main title. In fact, the main title theme song we all know and love is actually Clawson's re orchestration of Elfman's theme that took place mid-season three with a lusher more crisp orchestration. Wow. I bet you anything rich plays the oboe. Alf Clawson. I'm so sorry. I know. He said, I admire your podcast for bringing light to information that has been stuck, lurking in the shadows. You always make sure credit is given to those who sometimes went their entire lives without getting the nod they deserve.


Well, This guy's really turning the knife in our backs, isn't he? And I feel you o clawson that respect. So Alf Clawson, for real. And then he, it was a bit of a longer email. He told the story of how he was recently fired by email, which is not cool. No, it's definitely not. Yeah. So after 20, 27 years of Yeah. Of dedicated work. I know, man. Not cool guys. So that is Rich, our man on Cape Cod. Well, thanks a lot, rich. Appreciate that. That was one of the better emails I've heard in a while. Agreed. If you wanna try and top rich, let's see what you got. You send us an email, stuff podcast@howstuffworks.com and Join us at our home on the web Stuff You Should Know.


Dot com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


For adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity, refreshing sleep may be hard to come by and who likes to lag and drag through the day? OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing, interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking, or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at Don't Sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know, so you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime. But when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed profile. No rabbit holes. Required


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


Do you know what's at the root of most oral health problems like cavities and gingivitis? Ding, ding, ding. You're right. It's bacteria. And the Colgate Total Active Prevention System is 15 times more effective at fighting that bacteria when used together. The system reduces bacteria buildup in six weeks, starting in week one compared to a non-standard fluoride toothpaste and flat trim toothbrush. Take that mouth bacteria, be dentist ready. Shop the Colgate Total Active Prevention System by visiting shop.colgate.com/total.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.