
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. NA member FDIC.


You Know, Lowe's knows that taking on more projects should be rewarding, and that's why loyalty members get more every day with rewards for every home or business purchase. Plus shop weekly member deals and get access to free standard shipping. So what are you waiting for? Join my Lowe's Rewards for free today. Loyalty program, subject to terms and conditions, details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


Good morning everyone. I hope you're enjoying yourself and having a great weekend with friends, family, loved ones, or I don't know, even people you might dislike a little bit. How Dementia Works. This is a pretty brutal episode everybody. This is from November 4th, 2015. But there's some really good information in it. If you are suffering from dementia or someone in your family is suffering from dementia, you have our deepest empathy 'cause it is tough stuff. And we hope this episode can bring you a little bit of comfort because knowledge is power and understanding things is what we're all about. And that can really help sometimes when you're dealing with something as devastating as dementia. So How Dementia Works right here, right now, Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio.


Hey and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark with Charles w Chuck Bryant. And Noel, the stint of Noel Continues. Everybody's like stuff you should Knoll. No, no, that's not what we're calling it. It's the stint of Noel. Alright, stuff. You should k Noel. That's too clever. Yeah, it's A little cutesy. Yeah, that's all. Alright. That's my only aversion to it. Alright. What are you, are you with Stuff You Should Know Changing the name of our show after eight years? No, No. Just the Noel stint. The name of it. Remember the Summer of Sam? Oh Yeah, yeah, sure. Why not? I don't like it.


All right. Should we come up with the third idea? Yeah. The Stint of Noel sounds too much like something's wrong with Noel. That's why I like it. It's hilarious. There's nothing wrong with Noel by God. And If you think there is, you need to answer to me, There's something you should know Now. See, that's what I'm saying. Yeah. It sounds like something Strickland would've come up with. Ooh. You know, Man, we haven't been in a play war with Strickland in a while. It has been a while. It's been too long. It's gotten soft. You just launched a one across the bow. So Chuck. Yes. Are you familiar with dementia?


Yeah, sure. Are you running, your family Doesn't run in the family, but my grandmother who lived to be a hundred, I had dementia at some point, which, you know, when you live to be a hundred, that's, I don't know about likely, but it's not surprising. It's probably pretty likely. It's, it's not, from what I understand, it's not a, a, a a, just a natural consequence of age. Right. But it it's pretty prevalent. Sure. And dementia is actually super misunderstood. It gets confused with Alzheimer's a lot or there's a lot of different kinds of dementia. But dementia is actually, it's not a disease. Right. It's a set of symptoms that's brought on.


But disease, Yeah. I think that is widely misunderstood. Yeah. But you are totally correct a set of symptoms. And it is not just your garden variety forgetfulness that comes as you age. No. 'cause that is age related and normal. That is a totally age related thing. It's called age associated memory impairment. And that is, I think, I mean, that happens to everyone, right? Just like you forget your keys more often, that kind of stuff. Sure. But when you do forget your keys more often you go snap your finger and go, ah, I forgot my keys again. What is wrong with me? Yeah. That's normal. One Of the big tells of, of true dementia is when you don't realize that you're forgetting.


Right. So that's, that's when it gets scary. Right. And we said that it's not a natural consequence of age. And one of the things that I turned up in researching this is we're not exactly sure what causes dementia. We don't even know if some of the telltale signs of dementia are the cause of dementia in some cases or the result of dementia. Yeah. Not entirely certain, but it is very widespread among the aged population in the United States. I think 5.3 million Americans have dementia right now. Wow. And as our population ages, because the baby boomers are starting to get older, I think they're expecting something like 16 million Americans are going to have it by 2050.


16 million is I think, how many, about how many people have it around the world right now. Yeah. And in America alone, we're gonna have that number in 2050. Yeah. And it's very expensive actually. How much money? A lot. You ready for this? Yeah. In 2015, we have spent $226 billion on healthcare for dementia alone. Wow. And they're expecting by, I believe, 2050 when we are caring for 16 million in $2,015. Not futuristic. Much more inflated. Two 50. 20 $50. Right. In $2,015 we'll be spending about $1.2 trillion on dementia.


Wow. If somebody doesn't do something, Man. Yeah. It's, it's very expensive. It's also extraordinarily sad as far as diseases or symptoms of diseases. Yeah. Yeah. And I also wanna recommend our May, 2011 episode, a podcast to remember. Oh yeah. Our memory episode ties heavily into this. So If you haven't listened to that one yet, go listen to that one either before or after. Or If you listen to it and forgot, go back and listen to it. That's Right. So dementia itself is not diagnosed. It's not simply memory loss. It's memory loss along with one of the following, at least one of the following, one or more aphasia, which is If you can't understand or produce language any longer, apraxia, and all these are super sad if you've ever seen 'em up close apraxia.


If you cannot make certain movements, even though your body physically is healthy. Right. Agnosia, which is you don't recognize objects like the remote control or your grandkids, stuff like that. And then executive dysfunction when you have a lot of troubles planning and organizing and reasoning. So that along with the memory loss, or at least one of these, you could be diagnosed with dementia. Right. And so, like we said, dementia is a set of symptoms, right? Yes. It's, it's actually brought on by disease and the most common cause of dementia, I think something like 60 or 70% or something like that of dementia cases is brought on by Alzheimer's disease.


I could have sworn we did one in Alzheimer's, but we have not at The time. Yeah. I don't think we have. I don't know where, I think we've talked about it enough. I think It's, yeah, it's popped up plenty of times. But we've never just done a straight up Alzheimer's one. Alzheimer's brings on dementia through something called neurofibrillary fibrillary tangles, also known as beta, or I'm sorry, tau protein tangles. Yeah. And beta amyloid plaques. Right. Yeah. And the, the plaques are like just a protein buildup. A sticky protein buildup. Yeah. Which is, so when you, when your neurons fire and you have a thought, it's an electrochemical process and there's residual that is left behind and these residuals can build up in your synapses.


Yeah. And cause your synapses to not fire as well. And when your synapses don't fire as well, they start to die off. And the neurons that are, that are, that lead from these synapses or lead to these synapses die themselves. And you have neural loss, like literally the brain cells in your brain are dying off at a rapid rate. Yeah. And when it's caused by beta proteins and tau or beta amyloid plaques and tau proteins in the cells, then what you have is Alzheimer's. Yeah. And they aren't sure the cause of Alzheimer's still genetics is they think has a lot to do with it. And you can live with Alzheimer's for a while up to a decade.


Although they said in this article, Molly says three to five years is more common. So yeah, it definitely shortens your lifespan. And like you said, genes are definitely part of the risk factors. Po lipoprotein apolipoprotein E. Okay. I think, which is weird, If you have a mutation on this gene, you have a higher risk of Alzheimer's, even though the gene just codes for a protein that carries cholesterol through your bloodstream. Yeah. Doesn't have anything to do with the tau protein tangles or anything like that. As far as I know. That's weird. Also, If you have a family history of dementia, you're, you have a, or of Alzheimer's, you have a higher likelihood.


And then If you have down syndrome, you are at a higher risk of developing Alzheimer's in middle age. Oh, really? Yeah. Interesting. So that's, and we will do one on Alzheimer's, but that's how Alzheimer's can cause dementia. There's also vascular dementia, which is, that was a case with my grandfather who he had a stroke and it accounts for about 20% of dementia cases. And you know, a stroke is when you have a, a loss of blood supply to the, to the brain or a hemorrhage. Right. Or blood clot. And it can be either one big stroke event, which causes a lot of damage.


And that's a single infarct dementia. Right. Or it can be a lot of the accumulation of symptoms because of a lot of little mini strokes you have over the years. Right. And then the damage just builds up. And you finally, once, once that last one that that is the straw that breaks the camel's back. Yeah. And you have dementia that happens pretty rapidly after that last, that last one, that last stroke you have. Yeah. And that's a multi infarc when it's a bunch of 'em. And little many strokes are common a lot. Sometimes you have 'em and don't even realize you've had 'em. Right. With my grandfather, he, he had the big one and Oh, really? Yeah. We talked about this before. And I think something about speech, but yeah, he lost his ability to speak, you know, English.


So that would be aphasia. Yes. He couldn't produce language. Well, he produced, yes. He could not produce language. He said things, but it, you know, it didn't make any sense. Gotcha. But he had an understanding, he could see the frustration. Yeah. You know, I know how to, how I'm supposed to, my grandmother is driving us, let's say, and he, she doesn't know how to get there. He does. And he can't tell her, but he's telling her. Yeah. It's just coming out all mixed up. And that's, that's a hallmark of dementia is there's emotional changes in the person because they, they're not communicating like they want to say. People aren't responding like they want the people to, and they'll get snippy and then ultimately say withdraw.


They'll just give up on communicating at all because it's too, too frustrating or just too sad, you know? Yeah. Which is a, it's one of the common results of dementia. It's a comorbidity. No, it's a complication. Yeah. And then, and with the single stroke event, or actually, or with the multi strokes, it's different for everyone. There isn't any single like, well this is going to happen because this person had a stroke. Right. It could be a variety of different things from, you know, paralysis on one side of the face or body bowel and bladder control problems. He didn't have any of those. He looked totally the same physically. He walked and talked the same, except for the fact that they weren't real words.


Right. That was like the most noticeable thing. I remember you telling me about your grandfather before, I don't remember what it was. It was a long time ago. We were talking about speech. Like where Nikki's area or broke his area. Yeah, yeah. Something like that. Totes. So with Alzheimer's, it first attacks the hippocampus, which means that it's going to take away your episodic memory, which is your memory of recent events. Right. Yeah. And then it starts to move its way into other areas of the brain where your judgment is affected, your speech patterns are gonna be affected. Your personality is very much affected and changes With Alzheimer's. With Alzheimer's, But not as much with the stroke. Yeah.


With vascular dementia. You know, there might be some other things where like part of the face is sagging or, or the patient can't move their arm or something like that. But yeah, the personality will remain intact because those regions of the brain aren't affected like they are in Alzheimer's. Yes. And then in about five to 15% of dementia cases, it stems from something called Lewy body dementia, which we were just talking about. They think Robin Williams might have suffered from He definitely did. He Definitely did. Yeah. They found in his autopsy, he had, I think he was diagnosed with it before he died. Oh, okay. That was one of the reasons why he took his life. Yeah. Because that can cause severe intense hallucinations. Yeah. Big time.


Did you look those up? Oh yeah. Man. Scary Stuff. You like very apparently a typical one is very brightly colored animal or person Yeah. That you see in great detail for many minutes on daily ba on a daily basis. Yeah. Like just intense hallucinations. I'm sure you think you're, you know, losing it. Right. And that's one of the first symptoms of Lewy body dementia. And it was discovered by Frederick Louie in 1912. And it has, has nothing to do with your body. A Lewy body is, there are, are deposits again, protein deposits of the alpha synuclein that appear on the brain. So don't think of body in the terms of like your physical body. Right. And this is also present Lewy bodies and Parkinson's.


So as a result, not only are you gonna have symptoms similar to Alzheimer's with Lewy body dementia, but also some of the tremors and balance issues of Parkinson's. Right. Which is super sad as well. Is that what Michael J. Fox has Parkinson's? Yeah. Yeah. And that's what the movie Awakenings was about. Weren't they? Wasn't it like a group of Parkinson's patients that like El Dobo worked on? Was that Parkinson's? I can't remember. I think they didn't, they didn't realize what they thought they were locked in or something. Right. And then they realized their Parkinson's tremors were so acute that they were like, they were not even shaking. They were just, just frozen completely. Yeah. Interesting. They're just, their muscles were totally contracted rather than contracting and relaxing again and again.


And Robert Williams. Yeah. How about that. Yeah. Then we have something that used to be, well it's called now frontotemporal dementia. It used to be called PS Disease. But now PS disease is a, a specific version, which I couldn't really suss out what the difference is. Could you? No, I couldn't either. As long as it wasn't just me. I feel better. But Ft D is a, is really an umbrella term. It's about 5% of dementia cases and it's gonna affect personality and behavior and language like Big time. Big time. And it's where your frontal and temporal lobes are actually atrophying and shrinking.


Right. And the reason why is, you remember with Alzheimer's you have beta amyloid plaques and tau protein tangles. Yeah. Well, with the frontotemporal dementia, you don't have the beta amyloid plaques. You just have the tau protein tangles. But it's enough to cause massive neuronal loss. Yeah. And this is like, I think a lot of people at first think they might have tourette. Yeah. Because you can yell things out. Inappropriate behaviors. Yeah. Like if your grandfather suddenly becomes hyper interested in sex and like likes to talk about it in public or Yeah. Exposes himself to people in public, there's a pretty good chance that he has developed frontotemporal dementia.


Or If I did, because Yeah, it's unusual in that it attacks younger people. It's gonna onset between 40 and 75 years old, which distinguishes it from other types of dementia. Yeah. And if your grandfather used to do that stuff already, then that's not the case. The the, the key here is that like this is come out of the blue, somebody is really just completely changed in their personality. They might get into really risky behavior like gambling all of a sudden Yeah. Shoplifting. Yeah. And you know, like risky investments or like pulling all their money out of the bank. Yep. And with P'S disease too, the apparently apathy is a big indicator of this.


There's a big personality change and the person is no longer, they have no empathy. They have blunted emotions. Yeah. And then they may also be engaging in risky behavior. So basically your grandpa or your grandma has just turned into like the transporter, you know? Or me? Or you. Well, yeah. You, between 40 and 75, You lack empathy. No, no, no. I'm just saying it's, oh, I see. Because it affects younger People. I thought you're thought they turned into you. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. You have blunted emotions and you gamble. There's also Huntington's disease. This is, it seems like much more physical in nature. Uncontrollable movements. Although there are changes in in personality.


But real fidgety herky jerky, your brain loses the ability to control coordination essentially. Right. Which is I think 50% chance of inheriting the gene. But you can live with it for up to 20 years. Yeah. Which seems like, as far as dementia goes, one of the longer life expectancies. But again, I mean like I would guess this has kind of become clear, the hallmark of dementia is memory loss paired with some other problem. Like not being able to create speech any longer. Recognize speech or not being able to move that kind of thing. Or not being able to plan.


And like we said, well we should probably take a break, huh? Yeah. We got a couple of more types that we'll talk about and then some other good stuff. Okay. Right after this,


You know, there's just something about a beautiful outdoor space that's so satisfying. It becomes like your own backyard oasis. It's the best. And I gotta tell you, Wayfair has got everything you need to level up your outdoor space with patio sets, lounge chairs, outdoor bars, hot tubs, vavoom, fire pits, gazebos, you name it. And of course string lights. You gotta have those. Yeah. I mean, summer's a perfect time to host a nice outdoor gathering. So you wanna have a nice outdoor space to host, set gathering in. And don't be scared off about ordering big, beautiful outdoor furniture from Wayfair. Because with Wayfair delivery is free and easy even on the big stuff. That's right. And they got a style for everybody and every home. No matter what your space is and what your budget is. So don't wait. Make your outdoor space your dream. Oasis today with Wayfair and enjoy it all summer long. Head to wayfair.com right now to shop a huge outdoor selection. That's W-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair. Every style, every home.


Let's be real. Life happens, kids still pet shed and accidents are inevitable. That's why you need a washable sofa that can keep up. Our sofas are fully machine washable inside and out. So you can say goodbye to stains and hello to worry-free living made with liquid and stain resistant fabrics. They're kid proof, pet friendly and built for everyday life. Plus changeable fabric covers. Let you refresh your sofa whenever you want. Need flexibility. Our modular design lets you rearrange your sofa anytime to fit your space. Whether it's a growing family room or a cozy apartment. Plus they're earth-friendly and trusted by over 200,000 happy customers. Starting at just $699. It's time to upgrade to a stress-free mis proof sofa. Visit washable sofas.com today and save. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Hey everybody, we wanna talk to you about Squarespace and in particular, If you have a great idea that you wanna sell on the web. Well Squarespace makes it easy to sell access to content on your websites. That's right. You can do online courses, you can do blogs, videos, memberships. You can even earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. Simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. That's right. And you can get your content discovered fast with integrated SEO tools. Every Squarespace website is optimized to be indexed with meta descriptions and autogenerated sitemap and more. So you show up more often to more people in global search engine results. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff STUF to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain.


The last two, actually the last three we're gonna talk about. 'cause there are many, many other kinds of dementia. Like we could spend hours and hours talking about all the different kinds hours. But we have talked about K coz felt yakup disease and I can't remember which one, and we say, say that all the time. It Was, is there a disease that kills by preventing sleep? Oh, is that the one which We should have rightly called how PreOn diseases work? Yeah. Because is is a PreOn infection. It's very rare. About one out of a million people will be affected in any given year. Like mad cow disease. Yeah. Or curu. Yeah, exactly. It's A sponge offor disease.


Yeah. So crazy. It is. It's very interesting. It could be genetic, but, and I thought we also talked about it in organ transplant. Did we? I think so because it can occur because of infected tissue that you are implanted with or from an organ. Yeah. And this is neuronal loss due to the like holes literally being eaten into your brain by this disease. Yeah. And then you can also get dementia from, from when you have HIV If you are a boxer or say a football player. Yeah. In the NFL you may have dementia from a traumatic brain injury like a concussion or repeated concussions.


Yeah. And there are plenty of diseases. There's also reversible dementia too. If you have a vitamin deficiency, If you take certain medications you can develop dementia. But this is reversible. Right. For the most part though, age associated dementia is not reversible. Right. And like we said, it's kind of tricky to diagnose this stuff because it is normal for people to, for become more forgetful as you age. And then to make it even more confounding if you're a a diagnostician, not only are do people get more forgetful, there's an intermediate stage between dementia, a dementia diagnosis, and just normal age related forgetfulness.


Yeah. And that is called mild cognitive impairment. So If you can catch this from what I understand, and we'll talk about treatments and everything later, but If you can catch things like Alzheimer's and other, other diseases that lead to dementia early, although there's no cure for any of them, you can, you can manage 'em a lot better and delay say death or like the real devastation associated with it. Yeah. By a significant amount of time. Yeah. But it's catching it is the tricky part. And especially If you have dementia, you don't really realize that there's any kind of problem. So you're probably not going to take yourself to the doctor.


No. But you, what you should do is listen to your loved ones because they are gonna be looking at you a little more closely than you can, you know that, that They have more perspective. Yeah, exactly. That's what I was looking for. Sure. So don't get, you know, don't get offended if, if a loved one says let's go get you checked out because you can do something If you catch it early on. Right. Unless you're very wealthy and it's your no good nephew that you've never trusted anyway. You know. Very true. Then maybe bring a lawyer in on it. That's right. See what's up. So If you do go get checked out from the second you walk in the door, your doctor's gonna be eyeballing you and looking for any signs just from their, their trained eye.


Like, you know, from how you walk to the way you answer questions to how they interact with you, they wanna know your, they're gonna have to know your history because they need to have some context to compare it to. Right. Like were you always a compulsive gambler? Yeah. Is this like new behavior? Yeah. And it helps to bring, you know, if, if, If you're older, maybe bring your grown son or daughter with you. Right. Or whoever has a lot of spouse. Contact your spouse. Sure, sure. Although your spouse, you never know what, I dunno, maybe be trying to get rid of you. Oh yeah. Like the no good nephew. Yeah, exactly. I'm just kidding. Of course. Although I'm sure that happens. Then there are a couple of tests that they usually do in conjunction with one another.


The mini mental state examination, the MMSE, just a lot of basic questions there for mental tasks. But they're coded. The tasks are Yeah. And they're scored individually. Yeah. And when you, when you say question three, this person got an eight on Yeah. You can go over and be like, yep. Dementia. And it's actually pretty effective actually. It is. And there's another test that ties into the MMSE that they, they both indicate one another, which apparently they're both really good at indicating dementia. But there's other tests called the clock drawing test. Did you look this thing up?


Yeah. I thought this was pretty fascinating. It really is. Yeah. It, it seems really like why would someone tell someone to draw a clock at a certain time of the day? Yeah. Usually they say draw a clock showing that it's 10 after 11. Yeah. And it makes a lot of sense in a lot of ways 'cause it draws on all these different kinds or different regions of the brain. Different skills. Right. So like, first of all, you have to remember what a clock is. Yeah. And what it signifies. That's a big one. What it looks like. Yeah. Is a clock isn't made of like squiggly lines or anything like that. You have to remember how a clock is laid out. Yeah. The order that the numbers go in, that it doesn't keep going after 12 to 13, 14, 15.


And then once you got all this, you have to show the hands showing that it's 10 after 11. So the hands won't be pointing at 10 and 11. It should be, the longer hand should be pointing at the two. And the shorter hand should be just past the 11. Right. That's right. This requires a tremendous amount of brain power, even though it's very simple and straightforward and you can tell a lot about a person's mental faculties just by having them draw this. Yeah. The four specific things it requires are verbal understanding, memory, spatially coded knowledge and constructive skills. And if any of those are off in conjunction with the MMSE, then they're gonna have a pretty good idea of where you fall on the dementia scale.


If you don't have the constructive skills to pay the bills, you may have dementia. That's right. And they actually, I, I looked at one study about the clock drawing test, basically. I think it was just a more recent like, Hey, let's go in and really look at this thing again. Right. And it checks out. Yeah. They, they stood behind it and said, yeah, it's actually a really good indicator. Yeah. Like it really holds up and they, it, I think they developed it in the sixties but it didn't take off until the eighties. And then they started to look, it seems Like a very sixties thing. It does, You know, but it's something you can do anywhere. And now they're starting to gather these different clocks that people with different types of dementia are drawing and basically compiling 'em into a database. So you know what to look for even more. Like, oh, if somebody draws a clock that has like a 13, 14, 15 on it.


Right. They may have this type of dementia. Right. Or this one looks like Salvador Dali drew it. Right. Then they might have this kind of dementia. Yeah. Or they might just be super talented. Right. And creative. Yeah. You never know. Alright, let's, should we take another break? Why not? Is it time? Sure. Alright, we'll be back after this. To talk about treatment and some of the other pitfalls of dementia,


There's nothing like sinking into luxury. Anna Bay Sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. An bay has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids pets, or anyone who loves an easy to clean, spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699 and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little oh to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Hey everybody. Stuff You Should Know today is sponsored by Liquid IV and I gotta tell you, it's peak hydration season. And Liquid IV is a perfect companion for your hottest summer plans. I love the Liquid iv. It's super easy and convenient. You just tear it, you pour it some water, you mix it up and it tastes really great and hydrates you. Yeah. It's also exhilarating 'cause they've just launched an exhilarating new flavor Chuck called Arctic raspberry. And Liquid IV has sugar-free options powered by UV hydroscience for smart hydration. That's right. Just one stick in 16 ounces of water is gonna hydrate better than water alone. And it also has three times the electrolytes of the leading sports drink. Yeah. It's an optimized ratio of electrolytes, essential vitamins, and clinically tested nutrients that turn ordinary water into extraordinary hydration. So no matter what your summer brings, tear pour, live more. Go to liquid iv.com and get 20% off your first order with code stuff at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with code stuff@liquidiv.com.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goal, always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance and major life decisions. And the best part, it fits into your life, Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry.me/stuff because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


So Chuck, we've kind of, I think it's, it almost goes without saying like the, the problems associated with, with dementia, like you lose your ability to reason in a lot of cases. You lose your ability to, to move and take care of yourself. You lose your memories, you have trouble forming new memories, you have trouble recognizing people. So living life is extremely difficult. Yeah. But there's also like other complications that you may or may not think of. Right. So let's say you're an elderly person and you have a battery of medications that you need to take for unrelated heart disease. Yeah. Do you think you're gonna remember to take those medications?


Right? Probably not. Even If you have like a timer set or some sort of calendar or something like that, you may have trouble even remembering that you have a calendar that you need to go check out to see what's on there, let alone to take the medication that's indicated that's on that calendar. Yeah. That's a big problem. Nutrition itself is a big problem. Either you forget to eat altogether or you think you've already eaten or you physically have deteriorated so that you can't control the muscles to chew and to chew and swallow and you could choke. Right. It's a real danger. So when people die from Alzheimer's, it sounds kind of strange If you think about it, it's like, well, no, they forgot they lost their memory or whatever.


Right. It's like, no, the brain is actually being slowly destroyed. Yeah. Periodically. And eventually it's gonna reach the parts of the brain where like you can't swallow any longer. Yeah. Then you die from that kind of thing. You also can lose your sense of hunger. Like you just aren't hungry anymore. Yeah. It's kind of tough to eat, especially when you're not thinking or remembering that you should eat when you're just not hungry ever. Yeah. That's a tough one. Hygiene, reduced. Hygiene is a big one. A lot of times in severe dementia cases, you either are unable to bathe and dress yourself and brush your teeth or you forget to Yeah. It just falls by the wayside.


I know that was the case with my grandmother. She needed, you know, she needed to be bathed Yeah. By my dad, his wife, Because she lost interest in it or because she just couldn't do it anymore. I think both. Yeah. Yeah. That's another indicator you said that when you go in for a diagnosis, the doctor's gonna be watching you and, and just kind of sizing you up. One of the things they'll look for is whether you look disheveled. Yeah. That's a big one. And especially if your son or daughter is saying like, this is really bizarre behavior because mom always like dressed to the nines. Yeah. Whenever she left the house. Now she just Wears this dirty old bathrobe all the time and doesn't ever want to take a shower. Yeah. That's, that's usually an indicator of dementia.


Yeah. It's not like she just gave up and doesn't care anymore. Right. It's, it's part of the symptoms. Yeah. Taking hold. Although another problem with dementia and, and one of the confounding factors is that depression can be a byproduct or co comorbidity of dementia. Yeah. Because you recognize that your life is changing in ways that you're not happy about. Yeah. You can't communicate anymore. You forget stuff all the time. You can become depressed. So then that could lead to you giving up on taking showers and dressing as well. Yeah. And Not only depressed, but agitated and aggressive riddle with anxiety. A lot of your emotional wellbeing and emotional health will be slipping away from you.


Yeah. And again, this can be a direct result of chemical changes in your brain Yeah. Due to dementia. Or it can be like your, this is the result of you recognizing these changes and, and just becoming upset about them. We talked about communication and the hallucinations. You're gonna have trouble sleeping as well in a lot of cases. Yeah. And then personal safety. A lot of people die every day because of accidents that happen as a result of dementia. Right. People who shouldn't be driving get into cars. Yeah. And there's this, there's a, a push that's going on now, I think in the last year or so, as part of the Council on Aging, like the United States Council on Aging.


There's a new initiative called the Dementia Friendly America Initiative. Really neat. Yeah. It's basically saying, look, we've got about one in eight people over 65 in the US have dementia. We're about to have way more than that in the next couple decades. We need to be prepared for this kind of thing. So let's start training America how to recognize the signs of dementia and then how to react to it in a friendly and helpful manner so that people who are wandering around with dementia don't withdraw $80,000 from their bank account and, and walk around with it in their pockets out outside. Yeah. And how do you do that? You, you get some money from the government as a grant to go out and hire people to literally go to businesses and go to restaurants and talk to waiters and, and waitresses.


Yeah. Or should I just say, wait trons Sure. Go to banks and talk to tellers. Go to anywhere where there's interaction with another human grocery store, checkout people. Yep. And literally train them on, like you said, how to recognize it and how to kindly deal with these people. Right. Exactly. Apparently one of, of the things you teach people in service industries is not take it personally. Right. That if somebody's behaving erratically or they're using incorrect words and they're of a certain age, the chances are they probably have dementia. And there's ways of dealing with it, apparently responding to it in a soft friendly manner Yeah.


Tends to get results from the, the dementia patient. Especially If you are not, You mean not being an aggressive jerk. Right. Exactly. Just being nice will will Yeah. Frequently get good results and Yeah. It is a pretty neat initiative. Absolutely. And, and necessary. Yeah. You know, But it's, it's, I'm stricken by the idea that people are planning out this far ahead Yeah. For this kind of thing. It's exceptional. It is. And scary, but awesome. So If you do have a family member, one thing that's important to remember, there's something called the caregiver burden.


Yeah. That my dad and his wife definitely experience. It is really, really tough. Yeah. On you, on your family. And it can actually take a physical toll. They have some stats here. If you, your risk of death as a woman, if your husband has dementia increases 28%, 28% in the first year after they're diagnosed. Yeah. And only 22% for a husband whose wife is diagnosed. And then it's still A pretty significant increase Oh, sure. Just from the dementia diagnosis. Yeah. And what they recommend in this article is to take care of yourself first, because they found that If you are not going into this with the right attitude and you are upset or have anxiety, you're just gonna do more harm anyway.


Right. So get yourself right. Take care of yourself and go into it in the right frame of mind and you'll actually be able to help better. Yeah. And this, this caregiver burden, or caregiver burnout is a very real thing physically too. Like you have low energy, you're, you have low productivity, you become snippy, resentful, angry, and you can end up basically mistreating your own parent or spouse. Yeah. Because you're so upset with this horrific disease. One of the hallmarks of dementia is that the, that that's no two days that are alike. Yeah. And when you're dealing with the, the dementia patient, what worked yesterday isn't gonna necessarily work today.


Yeah. Well, If you can no longer predict what your life is gonna be like from day to day and you're spending, I think I, I saw this one study that found an average of 22 hours a week of unpaid care. Yeah. By spouse's, wives, daughters, that kind of thing. You, you can very easily get stressed out. The main thing you have to do is ask for respite care. Like you can't do it by yourself. Yeah. You have to have, have other family members, members of your church, your community come and give you a break so you can go do other stuff. Yep. For a while. Absolutely. And I, I mean, you could totally see how you could just very easily evolve a, a really unhealthy dynamic.


Yeah. If you're just trying to do it yourself, because you lose perspective, this becomes your norm, even though it's totally abnormal. Yeah. And boy, you talk about it's a really sad way to damage what previously was a, a good relationship with a parent or something. Yeah, yeah. Is devastating. Sure. You know, so there are drugs that they use to help stave off dementia. Mainly right now they are colon tase inhibitors and they suppress cholinesterase, which is an enzyme that breaks down acetyl acetyl Acetylcholine.


Acetylcholine. Yeah. Which we've talked about before. Yeah. That's what helps transmit messages between neurons. Right. So that'll help. Yeah. Because if you're not communicating as much as you were before Yeah. At least the communication that is going on can stick around longer. Exactly. You know, it seems primitive as far as like brain drugs go, but it makes sense, you know? Yeah. And then there's another one, are they still using this? I believe so. Me memantine. And it inhibits inhibits glutamate, which we've talked about before, which causes neuron death when overstimulated. Yeah. I can't remember where we talked about that one either.


I just remember glutamate from the umami episode. Yeah. It was definitely in that one. And then there's also stuff you can, so these drugs will help some that's For nonvascular dementia. Right. With with vascular dementia, you're gonna want to take blood thinners. That's to prevent stroke anti coagulants. Yeah. To keep more strokes from coming along Yeah. And making the whole thing worse. And then with like Lewy body disease to deal with things like the hallucinations and stuff, you'll probably also be given antipsychotics as well. Yeah. And one thing that they're starting to realize more and more is very difficult to really figure out what kind of dementia people have just from what's the scan?


MRI? Yeah. MRI scans. Yeah. And you can really go back and accurately identify types of dementia from autopsies. Right. Right. And so for more and more autopsies, they're finding that there's a lot of what's called mixed dementia where you have Alzheimer's and vascular dementia. Right. Or where you have Alzheimer's and Lewy bodies disease. And so it can be really tough to suss out all the different kinds of dementia a person might have. But If you can do that, then you can, you can put 'em on a drug regimen that could really kinda help more than just treating the Alzheimer's. Letting the Lewy body Yeah. Go unrecognized and rampant. Yeah.


They're unchecked. There's also preventative stuff you can do too. Oh yeah. Yeah. Like what? Crossword puzzles. Yeah. I told you Emily's grandmother Mary is 95. Yeah. And very sharp. Yeah. And she does word puzzles all the live long day. And so is it Sodoku? Yeah, she does, she does all kinds of word puzzles. Yeah. Things that I have never even heard of Supposedly that helps stave it off. Oh yeah. Apparently this one's great. Alcohol, moderate alcohol consumption, which is two a day or for men, or one a day for women. Okay. Has a protective effect.


It staves off a or it staves off dementia. They're not sure why. They're not sure what kind of alcohol is the best. They just know that for some reason, alcohol has a protective effect Probably up to that two drinks. And then it's probably bad after that. Yes. Then it becomes very bad after that. Yeah. So you want a just moderate amount. Right. In all things people, Moderation. Moderation. And then there are some things that you can do. Here's the thing, there's a, a debate on whether or not you are tricking your loved one by doing things like giving them an appliance that doesn't work so they can pretend that they're ironing or something.


Right. Because they used to love to take care of their laundry themselves. So here, let me remove the cord from this iron and, and is that tricking someone? Is it not? And a lot of people think, no, that's what you should do because it makes them feel like they're being useful. They're not gonna get hurt. Right. With the hot iron. Yeah. So it's all good. Other people say no, that means that they're not hanging onto that last bit of reality they may have. Right. I think it's fine. I think it's fine too. And there's actually, there's a, an entire village set up in, I think like just outside of Amsterdam. Yeah. This is awesome. Called Hoja, right?


Yeah. Hove. How would you say that Dutch? I Have no idea because Dutch is the weirdest, the weirdest language Ive ever al Complain. We'll say that. Okay. Okay. And it's a, it is a, it's an what's called a dementia village, basically. Yeah. Where everyone who lives in this village, I think 150 people all have dementia and they live in group houses that are Yeah. Well, there's caretakers that live there too, but Okay. Yes, you're right. Yeah. And they live in the group houses with them. Yes. And a lot of the people realize that this is their nurse or just think it's a, a good friend of theirs. Yeah. They, they don't really remember where, when they became friends. Like a cool roommate. Yeah, exactly.


Yeah. And the houses they live in have different themes according to how the people lived, depending on whether they were blue collar, whether they, their memories go back to the seventies. This whole place is basically set up so that it's a very non-threatening safe place Yeah. For these people to just kinda live and move about within Sure. Safely. Yeah. Safely. And so they, they can go to the grocery store, they can go to the movies, they can go ride a bike And everyone, the people at the movie theater know that the people there have dementia. Right. It's like every, they're real movie theater workers and real waiters in the restaurant. They're just especially Trained.


Exactly. So it's a less clinical setting than say, a nursing home. And a lot of people say, this is awesome because it's as close to real normal life that they were used to as they're gonna get. Yeah. Exactly. Then of course, there's other people that poo poo and say, no, you're tricking these people. But, But you can say, Hey, okay, here's, here's the big difference with this place. If this, if this dementia patient gets lost in Manhattan and they run across a city worker who's collecting garbage, that city worker may do absolutely nothing to help them. Yeah. In Hove Village. Yeah. That city worker is specially trained Yeah. To get that person back to their house or alert their caretaker that this person is having a crisis or something like that.


It's What we're trying to train people to do in the future. Yes. They've just isolated it to a community. Yeah. Yeah. So there's, I mean, when you break it down to that distinction, I don't really see anything wrong with it, especially when you are protecting the, the patients themselves. Yeah. It's not like you're doing it to experiment on them. No, no. You know, or because they'll, they'll produce gold in their urine or something like that. Right. You know, like this is strictly for their protection. Yeah. But also allowing them to, to live a free life outside of a clinical setting. Right. I don't see much wrong with that. I do get what the bioethicists are saying. Sure. Like, yes, you're robbing someone of their dignity by lying to them, by diluting them or playing into their fantasies.


Strictly speaking. Yes. In the real practical world. I think this is great If I'm at that point then and playing to my fantasies. Exactly. Please. It is 1984 all the time. In fact, one of the people that worked there say that people that do criticize it at this very good point. He's like, they don't understand what we're doing here. Yeah. These aren't actors, they're like real employees of these places. They're just helping out. Right. You Know, and so Hove Village, I hope I'm saying that right. 'cause I'm really putting myself out there. Oh, I'm sure you're not. It's become this kind of ideal standard of care, but it's also really expensive. Yeah, I'm sure.


So in a country where there's a lot of socialized medicine, it could do pretty well. Like in the Netherlands or in Canada. Yeah. When they take care of people even though they don't have money. Right. Exactly. There's, there's one called in Canada, it's called Penang, Penang, Ontario. They have one, it's a little smaller than the one in, in Amsterdam. They're also building one in Miami as well. So it is starting to take hold. People do believe in it, and apparently the patient's families are very happy with this kind of thing too. Well, and hopefully with the initiative of, what's it called? Alzheimer, Dementia Friendly. Dementia Friendly America.


America dfa Yeah. Dot org. Yeah. Hopefully with those efforts, more and more people will, 'cause it's coming. Oh yeah. It's coming. A lot more folks are gonna be out there that we need to take care of. Yeah. We don't know how to cure dementia. We just know it's coming. I'm gonna be one of them. You think so? Sure. At some point, if I'm, if I make it that long. But you, not everybody gets dementia no matter how long you live. I don't know. I got a feeling You really? Yeah. It does run in my family a little bit. Yeah. Same. And I, and I have the, my father's family genes. Yeah. More than my mother's. I gotcha. I feel like, yeah.


So if, if I had my mother's genes, they all died from heart attacks and strokes. Oh, okay. And heart disease. Young, not a lot of cancer. Yeah. Pretty young. Yeah. So If you make it past 65 Yeah. You, you beat the heart stuff. Then the Bryant gene kick in. Then You cut the dementia to Yeah. Well, we're all going down one way or another. Right. I May live to be a hundred. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Man, I thought of something. Oh, yeah. I wonder, Chuck, if like our specific, like us, you and me Sure. Specifically cramming all this information in every week Yeah. Is actually beneficial. Or if we're just setting ourselves up for massive cases of dementia because we're just pushing stuff in and getting it out and pushing in new stuff and getting it out.


Yeah. Like are we, are we abusing our brains or are we exercising it? I question that sometimes. I bet someone out there. I bet there's a neurologist who has a good gut instinct answer to that One. Well, let us know. I wanna know good news or bad. Okay. Yeah. Neurologist, There's gonna be a a subject line that just says, neurologist, guys, you're screwed. Yeah. I have bad news. If you wanna know more about dementia, you can type that word into your favorite search engine and it will bring up tons of information and great resources. You can also type it into the search bar, house of Forks, and it'll bring up great article since I said search bar, it's time for listener mail. I'm gonna call this one Hecky.


Kraal Lives. Okay. Although I don't think he is with us. Hey guys. Only just started recently listening to the show. It's been a fantastic way to pass time and learned something interesting. I'm a home taught high schooler, so every time I listen to an episode of your show, I get a history or science credit. How about That? That is pretty great. But as great as that is, that's not why I'm emailing. I actually have a fun fact for you guys from your Play-Doh episode in which you mentioned Captain Kangaroo. Well, my great-grandfather worked on that show. He produced the songs for it, as well as several, several Christmas carols, including Frosty the Snowman and his biggest claim to fame, Rudolph the Red Nose Reindeer.


That is awesome. I've always thought it was very funny that a Jewish guy was responsible for the popularity of Christmas carols. My family all still Jewish watches the Claymation Rudolph movie every year because of that. Sure. Our own little taste of that irony. Yeah. I don't want to tell you what to do because I'm sure you have a lot of episodes on your plate already, but I'm just saying Hecky Krasno was a pretty interesting person and there might just be enough material for an episode on him. Up to you. Nice. Thanks for helping with my schoolwork. That is from Aiden and Marilyn. Awesome. Thank you very much, Aiden. And when I say Hecky kras now lives, I mean lives on.


Sure. Like Viva Leki. Yeah. Yeah. If you want to tell us about someone interesting in your family, we love that kind of stuff. Also, if you're caring for a dementia patient, we want to hear the highs and the lows of that. Just kind of bring it on home for us. Will you? You can send us an email to stuff podcast@housestillfors.com, and as always, Join us at our home on the web Stuff You Should Know dot com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Let's face it, everybody with travel come curve balls from flight delays to lost luggage. They put even the best laid plans at risk. Thank goodness for Avis with them. You know, your rental car will come through and your plans are protected at all costs because it turns out Avis is here for your plans and they'll do whatever it takes to ensure you keep them, which is a big deal. And speaking of deals, you can save 20% when you pay. Now go to avis.com/plan on us to learn more. Avis Plan on US


Horsepower, zero to 60 times. These are among the benchmarks when considering a new vehicle, but Lexus believes there are some things, immeasurable, things that matter more awe, exhilaration, joy, how a cabin feels like it was crafted with you in mind, the way an engine note resonates with your soul, because a car that doesn't make you feel something is a car that stops short of amazing. That's the standard of amazing Lexus experience. Amazing.


Hey, everybody. Summer's here and we're all chasing something. A break, a goal, a vibe. Well, whatever it is, let's not let bad socks and blisters ruin it. That's right. We're talking about Bombas of course, because Bombas make socks that keep up with whatever your summer looks like, whether you're running a marathon or just a few errands. Yeah. You know that song that makes you want to go fast when you're running BA's, running socks are like that. They wick sweat help you keep cool, and they fight blisters and such as running. They make specialized pairs for hiking, tennis, golf, whatever you're into. They've got fresh white tees you barely have to break in. They've got waterproof slides for the beach backyard and everywhere in between. And buttery soft sweat wicking underwear. That feels barely there. Yeah. And I know we're both fans, so those no CM socks because they actually stay put on that ankle. So head on over to bombas.com/syk and use code SY SK for 20% off your first purchase. That's B oms.com/ssk. Code ssk at checkout.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.