
If you're like us undiagnosed with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity, you Are blissfully unaware of the breathing interruptions and the That may happen during sleep. You're more than the symptoms you've been ignoring. Daytime sleepiness, fatigue. Irritability. They Shouldn't be getting in the way. It's time to address OSA head On. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This Information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. Na member FDIC.


Hi everybody, it's Joel Powell, Josh from, for this week select. I've chosen our episode from August of 2021, where we take a look at one of the most unethical social psychology experiments in the history of the field where Dr. Martin Roki assembled three men who each believed he was Christ, put them in a room together and sat back and waited for the fireworks to start. And what came out of it is both an indictment and an inspiring affirmation of humanity. And on a personal note, I would like to wish my sweet, sweet wife Yumi, a very big happy birthday. Enjoy, Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio.


Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Dave is here with us today, and we're all just quietly holding hands. Now we have to stop and come into the real world and start talking till you find people for this episode of Stuff, You Should Know my, my lip got caught in my tooth when I said you. And it came out a little weird. It's funny, my daughter finally lost her first tooth and it's, you know, it's changing the way she talks. She's got a little funny little lisp and she's always tongue on it. And I'm like, I'm gonna be there with you soon. You know, I gotta get this front one redone. Right. So, Felt redid.


Yeah. I'm gonna wait till right before we have live shows so I could pull that front tooth again. Nice. That'll be a special treat for everybody, especially me. Oh, you were used to it. I really was. The worst was when, when you had that little case that you would put it in and Oh, the, the, you had vent so the smell could waft out. It. I, yeah, I, I, I gave up after the first one on wearing that thing. I was just like, who cares? Yeah, no, it's great. It was very liberating. It was As is this podcast episode. I think this is going to be a good one because Chuck, I've been wanting to talk about this for a really long time. This is one of those things that you like, hear about and you're like, wait, what?


That, that can't be right. And then you read a little more about it and a little more, and it just keeps getting worse and worse. But yet it's, it's just kind of one of the like a landmark study Yeah. In the field of psychology that we're talking about today. Yeah. The three Christs of Ypsilanti and I studied this, I remember this from studying it in psychology class in college and got kind of into it at the time, and You started wearing like three Christ t-shirts and stuff. I followed them on tour. It was great. I, I don't, for some reason I thought I read the book, but I don't think I read the book.


I think we just covered the book in college and in a psychology class. Like I don't think they made you read the whole book. The, we basically just kind of went over it. But I had been pretty fascinated for years and, you know, eventually when Hollywood made a movie about it four years ago, I was excited and even paid to rent that thing and Oh, how'd that work out? Pretty good. I watched the first half hour and Oh man, they've just sort of disneyfied this thing and it's not good. Yeah. Although our buddy Kevin Pollock is in it and he's always great. Hey, that guy can steal a scene better than the Hamburglar. Yeah. The movie, just so everyone knows, is called The Three Christ of Ypsilanti from John Abnet starring Richard Gere is the name Changed Doctor, and then the three Christ in the movie you're portrayed by Peter Dinkle, one of my favorite actors.


Walton Goggins. Yeah, he's great man. I went back, God, he's, I told you I was watching The Shield again. That guy was amazing in that. Oh, was he in that? Yeah. Yeah. He played one of the main characters. He's just the best. And then, oh, what's the guy's name? Bradley Whitford, who's also great. Everyone in it is good. It just, it's one of those movies that they, I think just overs, sanitized and should have made a documentary instead, But they didn't. And that's okay. And we don't have to talk about that movie ever again. Now that we have. Nope. Instead, I think we should start by giving a little background on the guy whose idea The Three Christs of Ypsilanti Experiment was. And it was a researcher, a psychologist, a social psychologist, your favorite named Milton Roki.


And Milton Roki had some ideas about what it was to, to make up an identity, what made up a person's sense of who they were. Yeah. And he basically had broken it out into beliefs, a a series of different kinds of beliefs, which we'll, we'll kind of talk about here there a little more. But there's this anecdote that's frequently passed around that kind of like lays the early groundwork for this idea that, that someone's belief in who they are could conceivably be challenged. And it came one night when he was sitting around the dinner table with his wife and his two young daughters, and he accidentally in like a, a moment of frustration telling them to settle down at dinner, called one another by their opposite names.


And the girls just thought that was like the funniest thing that ever heard at first. Yes. Was that, is that my cue? Yeah. I even stuck my finger up like, all right, now you, but you can't see it, can you? No. 'cause we just listened to each other. Yeah. At first. And it was a little fun game. And then I think the 5-year-old even said, you know, this is just a game. Right Dad? And dad said, no, it's real. And I hear him saying it in that voice, and you know, pretty soon they were begging for him to stop. And I can verify that this is a thing I've been, I think as a parent, sometimes you'll call your kid by another name as a joke. Like I know I've done it, like called my daughter my dog's name.


If she's like, she'll come into the room and like bark or something as a joke. Sure. I'll say, oh, you're Nico. And she'll say, yeah, I'm Nico. And then for a few minutes later I'm like, Hey, come here Nico. And then it's fun for about five minutes. And then she's like, no. Yeah. Like, I am not, so there is very much a thing to a child's identity, especially from their parents where they kind of get their identity and seek their identity. When that is challenged, it it, it is very quickly kind of traumatic. Yeah. And he learned a couple of things that one, you can very quickly challenge somebody or you can very, very quickly push someone to a state of like trauma or anxiety or panic even Yeah.


By just by simply challenging their identity, by calling them the wrong name purposefully. That's right. Jerry, He also, right. Yeah, I know Jerry. We Saw each other. Jerry. I think it would cancel each other out. Do it one more time and I will crumble. Okay. Jerry, Thank you for Oh God. But he also learned like, okay, there's consequences to this. You can't take somebody with a, with a well-formed, well-developed sense of identity and, and a, nor I guess a normal sense of identity and push, push them to the edge, mess around with that sense of identity. There's, there's harmful consequences to that. So he, he started to kind of explore this and like I was saying, like he had broken everybody's belief system into a handful of different types of beliefs and the belief that you are who you are.


Yeah. Which is what we call our identity. He ascribed to primitive beliefs, which are just like basic truths in the same neighborhood as, you know, I'm wearing a headphone on one ear and I have the other one behind my head right now. I have brown hair. My name is Josh, you're Chuck, like, just basic truths of the universe that anyone you talk to is going to generally agree with. Right. That's where the personality comes from. Yeah. And that, that is the very bedrock and foundation of how we think about ourselves. And he already saw me messing with that can be bad. So he was like, Hey, why not take it a step further?


Right. Right. So what I was saying a minute ago with like how we saw that there's consequences to messing with a sane person. I just made air quotes. If you couldn't tell from my intonation, messing with a sane person's identity, you can't really do that. But this is the mid-century in America and there's a whole group of people that you can do basically whatever you want to with as far as mental stuff goes. And that were people who were suffering from mental conditions, who were locked up in state institutions at the time. Yeah. And so Roki came up with this idea like, okay, wait a minute, what if I, what if I got my hands on some mentally unstable people, some po possibly diagnosed people and and messed with their sense of identity, took their delusion and challenged it.


That could be okay. Because hey, their lives are basically useless. Anyway, I'm paraphrasing Roche here, and if if something does come of it, there's a good chance that it could be positive instead. So let me have it, let, let me add 'em basically. Yeah, there's a quote here from the book and big thanks to Dave Ruse for putting this one together. I know this was a huge, it's a tough one to wrangle, but he did a great job. Here's the quote from the book, because it is not feasible to study such phenomena with normal people. He didn't even put it in quotes. It seemed reasonable to focus on delusional systems of belief in the hope that in subjecting them to strain there would be little to lose and hopefully a great deal to gain.


And like I read that sentence and I'm like, stop there, dude. Right. Yeah. That's like the, the perfect motto for the misguided intentions of this study, you know? Yeah. Yeah. He like indicted himself with that one quote. Exactly. Just right out of the gate. And I read this commentary magazine article from 1964 by, oh, I can't remember who it was, I don't have it pulled up, but he's a famous poet at the time, and he was basically saying like, you know, surely Roche, the guy who's writing the book will understands that Roche, the character this doctor is like out of his mind. And he like, he's like slowly realizing, oh wait, this guy, even the author of the book has no idea that the doctor character who's himself has, has any idea just how unethical this is.


And that's a, that's a, that's a great example of it that demonstrates it right off the bat. Yeah. There's, there's, I don't know If you listened to the snap judgment on this, did you hear that? No. Huh? It was good. Snap, you know, great podcast or or public radio program turn to podcasts. Sure. I've heard public radio before. Yeah. I used to, I used to listen to a lot more of it. Same here. Fresh air. I always still love fresh air. Oh yeah. But I just, it's one of things where I just bulk it up and then like when I'm painting a room in our house, I listen to just fresh air the whole time or something, you know what I mean? Yeah. When Is Terry Gross gonna have us on? Do we need to get to 20 years? Mm. Would that do it?


Yeah. I wouldn't even begin to bother her until we hit 20 years. And then maybe, yeah. And then we just start asking Basically, hi Terry. Hi. Yeah. So in that snap judgment, they pointed out that he, that roki actually read a Harper's article about two women who believe they were the Virgin Mary, and that put an idea into his head. And I know that in his book, he also talked about being inspired a little bit by some, some stuff that Voltaire wrote about it, right? Yeah. There was a man in the 17th century that Voltaire wrote about named Simone Morin, who was deranged in the parlance at the time. And he thought that he was Christ.


And so he was locked up in a madhouse, and he met in that place, in that institution or asylum, another man who thought he was Christ. And Simone Morin saw just how, how like crazy this guy seemed and was like, wait a minute, maybe I'm crazy. And in confronting this other guy who claimed to have the same identity, he regained his sanity to a certain extent. And unfortunately he relapsed and ended up being burned at the stake for heresy. Yeah. But there was a moment there where he had kind of like been knocked out of his delusion. Yeah. That's a huge deal. Like If you, If you, If you have schizophrenia or delusional beliefs, like if your mental disorder is to the degree where you hold delusions, and we should say a delusion is not like, you know, a made up belief where, You know, you made your belief up.


Like this is what you think is real. It is real to you, and you will defend it when it's challenged. So the idea that somebody who was delusional could be knocked out of their delusion by being confronted with somebody else who had the same delusion, that is groundbreaking. And I can see why Roche was like, there we go. That's it. There's my, yeah, there's my methodology for this or for this, this experiment. Yeah. And I'm sure he was, you know, he was turned on a little bit about the idea of three Christ or however many Christ he could find. He, he Thought it so hot. Well, I mean, not even like that, you know what I mean though? But as a social psychologist, he was probably like, you know, this would make for a pretty mind blowing experiment Plus a great book title.


It's one of the great understated book titles of all time. Yeah. It's not like the three Richard Nixon's of Alante. No. And I mean, like, Ypsilanti is like this Ypsilanti, it's just this, this town outside of Ann Arbor where, where, you know, that's where one of the mental asylums were in in Michigan at the time. And, and, and it's just like, you know, it might as well be Walla Walla or Lackawanna or it's just a, oh boy, an an unusual name in a town that doesn't really have much of a claim to anything. You know what I mean? Yeah. I'm sure all three of those towns are like, is he insulting all of us or none of us? No, no. It's not an ins insult, it's just, it's just, it's not like a hot happen in town and it had been like the three Christ of New York that loses something or the three Christ of London.


It's just a, a a a rather generally unremarkable place guys. Ypsilanti, If you live there and you don't know that it's generally unremarkable. I'm sorry to be breaking this news to you. I don't mean it in a, in a unkind way at all. I know you don't. And I think generally back then, that's where a lot of these institutions were because they needed like, lots of land and so let's just leave it at that and Okay. Maybe take a break. Okay. To let everybody really stew on what I said. Yeah. We'll take a break and we'll find out how he found his, his patients right after this.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength with its available. I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run or check out its Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma is designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals, or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Residents at BrightView, senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities. Independents and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Here's to those who have been touched by metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is, is breast cancer that is spread to other parts of the body, celebrating the patients, caregivers, healthcare providers, scientists and others who have been part of the HR positive HER two negative NBC community with Ibrance Palbociclib, a Pfizer product prescription Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitors for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor If you have new or worsening chest pain, cough or trouble breathing before taking ibrance. Tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are nursing, pregnant, or plan to be all medical conditions you have and about all the medicines you take. For more information about side effects, talk to your doctor. Talk to your healthcare team about Ibrance, visit ibrance.com or call 1 8 4 4 9 Ibrance for more information.


For some of us, personal finances aren't just personal. They include a lot more people than ourselves. Loved ones, neighbors, the communities we call home and the causes we hold in our hearts At Thrivent, we help plan your financial picture with the bigger picture in mind. Because even though our business is helping guide your finances, our ambition is to make it mean so much more. Thrivent, where money means more. Connect with us@thrivent.com.


All right, so we're back. There were 25,000 total patients in the system in Michigan State, at Michigan State Hospitals. And he went through all, all of these, you know, he sort of tried to cu them down to, to ideally to Christ figures. He'd found a man who thought he was Cinderella, he found a Mrs. God, and then about six people who thought they were Christ. And three of them were really into this idea and really consistent with their belief that they were Jesus. And two of them happened to be at Ypsilanti, so he was like, this is perfect. I'll just transfer the third in and we'll get going.


Yeah. And so these guys being inmates of the state at, at a time where yeah, Ypsilanti had like 4,000 people, 4,000 patients that's in, in just this one. A lot of people Institution. Yeah. It's a and and If you are already like on the margins of society and then moved into a place where you're with 4,000 other people on the margins of society, it's a really good place to get lost, to not get any real help. Yeah, sure. And so one of the things that that was, was part of this, this experiment design is to, to make participating in these discussions, this group of these three Christs as attractive to these three men as possible.


Yeah. So they were moved toward D 23. They were given their own private day room to eat in to sleep, or not sleep in, but to hang out in Yeah. Away from everybody else to they got some like place to stretch out and to ha to have some company. Yeah. Little per perks. They got a lot of attention, a lot of perks. Like basically their lives were changed in like incalculable ways by being part of the study. And so when they say like, these were voluntary meetings and these men were voluntary members of the study. That's that's definitely true. They were, they were voluntary participants, but the perks on offer were just so amazing. They, like, you would, you could not turn down Right. You know, participating in some degree.


Yeah, exactly. So they were willing participants insofar as, yeah, they got these great perks worth pointing out. So he changed the names of the guys to protect their families and to protect them to some degree. But we should go over sort of the bios of the three men, should we say who played 'em in the movies? Will that help people? I don't think so. Okay. I don't wanna disparage those great actors' names again. Well, I mean, the acting, they did a good job. It was just the material. They're all great actors, you know? Sure. Yeah. I know. It's just when you write a, I don't want to call out the script writer, but it wasn't that good.


So let me ask you this, because I didn't see the movie, was it like, and I loved the fact that they made a movie about Freddie Mercury and the other members of Queen, but was it like in the, in in the movie? What was the name of that movie? The, the Queen movie. That's what I called it. Okay. Well that Movie, Bohemian and Rhapsody. Bohemian and Rhapsody. That's right. Do you remember like every time, like Freddie Mercury did something brilliant, they would have Brian May, they'd do a, a pan in closeup of him just looking right, like in awe and astonished. And that's maybe pushing it, doing that once in a movie. But they did that every like 15 or 20 minutes.


Was it kind of like that same sentiment? It wasn't so much that, and again, I only watched the first act before I realized it was just, it was just really sanitized and like a feelgood type of thing. I got you. Yeah. So not real story story. It sounds familiar or similar. Yeah. Right. Exactly. This is not a, this is not a feel good story. I wonder if it was performance art you accidentally stumbled upon. No, I mean it was, there was some tough stuff in there. It's not like it was completely like, hey, this is great, but it kind of reeked of like an awakenings kind of thing. And I liked awakenings. I Got it. All right. All right. I liked awakenings too, but it sounds like what you're describing is more along the lines, the greatest showman, like that kind of sanitization. I didn't see that.


Okay. Did You? No, but okay. Remember we did that episode just tearing it apart where we hadn't even seen it yet. We're Comfortable doing that at times. Yeah, kind of. Kind of. So the first guy was in his late fifties, Joseph Cassel, 58. He had been in the hospital for about 20 years and was Canadian, born and raised in Quebec. And he was named after his, after Josephine, his female relative in his family named Joseph. And I think the, the big takeaway from his childhood was that it was not good. A very abusive father, very quick tempered man who abused his mom.


And his mom actually died while giving birth to her ninth kid. And so he had a rough go of it from the beginning. I think his name actually was Josephine as well. And he went by Joseph. So he, he wanted to be a writer, I think. Did you say he was 58 at the time? Yeah. Okay. And he did not really take to working outside of the house. He and his wife did not have a very like, good relationship necessarily. Yeah. He didn't want kids. She did. They ended up having three daughters and he later on came to believe that they were not his children after all, and that, that may have been correct, but then things started to take kind of a turn for the worse.


And that he started to become really paranoid. He started to accuse people of poisoning his food. He became a bit of a hoarder, especially with books. And probably the greatest crime a man could commit in the mid-century America. He did not wanna work. Right. So that was basically that he ended up getting sent to a, an asylum in Canada and then onto Ypsilanti eventually. And he'd been, been in Ypsilanti for I think about 20 years, or at least in and out of the hospital system for about 20 years. And for about 10 of those years, he had been, he had decided that he was, he was God or Jesus Christ or both.


Yeah. And by the time he got around to Roe or Roe found him, he was in a pretty bad state after those 20 years, he had about half of his teeth left in his mouth. He was still hoarding books, carrying around books everywhere. And when, you know, when asked who he was, he said his name was Joseph. And he said that I am God. And I guess Roki said, well, you'll do just fine. Very splendid. Yeah. So Joseph, despite, you know, the, his inability to take care of himself and, you know, the fact that he hoarded and all of that, he was a very sharp person. So yeah.


So remember, remember to keep that in mind, like the, he was, he was very sharp and a good writer as well. Clyde, and these are, these men's names were changed. Clyde Benson, he was 70, he'd been hospitalized for the last 17 years. He was in pretty rough shape. He really was. And I, Roche definitely starts to recognize that pretty quickly. Yeah. After meeting Clyde, it ends up almost letting him just stay in the group, even though he is not really participating any longer. But Clyde was apparently raised in a, a overprotected manner and didn't really learn how to make his own decisions and kind of ended up stunted as a result, which you can make your way through life like that If you, If you want to.


But he ended up turning to alcohol and became a, a really hardcore alcoholic to where it was starting to wreck his life. And apparently that came into collision with a, a, a diagnosis of paranoid schizophrenia at some point. Right. Yeah. And you know, it seems like the drinking was the, anytime you have a undiagnosed condition like this and you, you pour alcoholism on top of it or any kind of, you know, drug addiction, it's going to, it's just going to be even worse. And eventually he was arrested for public drunkenness. It was a pretty violent arrest.


And in jail he was violent and he was saying he was Jesus Christ, that he was God, and that he was reborn through his first wife. Surely I believe she had passed away and he did get remarried and it was surely the queen of heaven. And at this point they committed him to a mental hospital when he was 53, where he got that diagnosis and he was, he was the one that was easily the most far gone and tough, toughest to reach and sort of walked around mumbling. He also didn't have a many, if any of his teeth and, but occasionally would like still have that violence in him where he would have these sort of violent outbursts but then kind of calm down again.


Yeah. And when he did, he was very direct and to the point. And by, I don't think he was actually physically violent, was he? I don't think so. I think it just could be scary at times. Right. So he would say things like, I am him. See now understand that like that was the extent of how he would explain that he was God, he didn't need it to be challenged. And If you did try to challenge it, he would just shut you down kind of thing in a very, yeah. Like you said, kind of a scary way. So Leon was perhaps one of the saddest of the three cases in that he was, had only been hospitalized for about five years. He was younger, he was 38 years old and he was, the, the snap judgment is great because they had his two initial graduate assistants on Richard Bonier and Ron Hoppy.


So like real firsthand experience on the podcast. And they were saying that he was the one that broke their heart the most because he was the one that most likely could have been rehabilitated. And it just tore them up that they, and they liked him a lot. He was a real personable guy and what it was very engaging with his stories and they really thought that they could have helped him had it not been, you know, in part by what happened with Roki, Which is sad because that means that roki made things much, much worse Yeah. For these people. And that's something to really understand that there were three men who were living, you know, their delusional lives in this state mental hospital, but they were generally unmolested until they were ma they were dragged into this study and messed with like in ways that you just don't do to other people, you know, and that their lives probably were worse, far worse than they, they would've been had they never met Milton Rooke.


Yeah. So Leon's deal was, his mother was almost certainly schizophrenic as well and had delusions, religious delusions. So he was raised in a household with these, with basically a re a religious fanatic. And that impacted him from the very beginning. Of course, he was ended up diagnosed with schizophrenia as well. But growing up in, I mean, in that kind of environment, definitely I think led to the Christ thing For sure. Yeah. And he had like, there was a time where he was living a normal life. He served in World War ii, he worked at different jobs back in Detroit.


He tried to go to college, he was trying to make a life for himself, but he suffered from fatigue, which I looked up as apparently a really tough comorbidity with psychotic disorders. And the, it's like got a, a terrible positive feedback where, you know, the more tired you get, the, the worse your disorder is and the worse your disorder is, the harder it can be to sleep. Right. And it's just not good. So he had that and then he also started hearing voices himself that were telling him that he was Jesus Christ. And that didn't really jive very well with his mother's own religious fanaticism because he saw that she was, you know, worshiping these other, what he considered idols.


Right. And he went on a, a bit of a violent tear once removing all of the, all the pictures of the saints and breaking all of the figurines and all that stuff, and demanding that his mother worship him as Jesus Christ. And threatening that if she didn't, he would strangle her. And so that was enough to get him locked up for good. He'd already been locked up one time for a brief period. And then about six months after that, he was locked up from then until the time that he met Milton Roche. Right. And that was Walton Goggins Man, sorry. So he, he went by not Leon, and again, Leon was a fake name that Roki gave him for the book.


But he went by Dr. Domino Domino at Rex rum, simplest cianis purist mentalist doctor, which is Latin for Lord of Lord's, king of kings simple Christian boy psychiatrist. But he asked everyone to call him Rex for short. And they said, thanks, Sure appreciate that. And he was, he was like you said, like the most, probably the most personable, he like Joseph, he was very sharp too, but also like from a very, a, a very early stage. He saw quite clearly what road Kes was trying to do. And he thought that it was morally repugnant that, that it was not a nice thing to do to somebody that you shouldn't mess with people like that.


And he said as much multiple times throughout the study. Yeah. So this is when he hires those two grad assistants is when he finds the guys gets this experiment going in earnest. And you know, his hypothesis was that if I can have these three men confront one another about them being the real Christ, that it could rock them into what he saw as reality and, and get them out of these delusions. And that didn't happen while it, it didn't happen at all through the, the experiment, but initially they, what they did was they really dug in and they each had their own way of doing so, but they each dug in and said, no, no, no, I am the real Christ.


And they each had different sort of methods of dealing with the others, but none of them wavered initially. No. And, and it was like really, it was kind of in, in and of itself just that finding that not only did they not have their ident shattered, but they just re rebuilt and reinforce their identities. However they, they could find a a, a way to do it to their own satisfaction. That's a pretty big psychological finding in and of itself, you know, although it doesn't seem worth putting these men through that just to find that out, you know? Yeah, for sure. I think Joseph said Joseph was more one to sort of laugh it off.


He said, there's nothing wrong yesterday. I knew I was what I am today. I am what I am. I'm not worried about losing my identity. And we also should point out that Joseph, and this was portrayed in the movie too, by Peter Dinkle. He was, spoke with an English accent. He thought he was, or convinced himself that he was from England, that he was descendant of royalty and that the hospital was an English stronghold. Don't think I didn't notice you just slipped Peter Dinkle in there. I know That only leaves one more, so I don't need to do the third. So one of the other things about Joseph was his, his interpretation of why they were there in this study, why the three of these men had been brought together was so that they could sort out with the other two, that they weren't Christ, that he was the one who was actually Christ.


So he could do his work here on Earth better without having these two basically harassing him or whatever. Yeah. So then Leon, like I was saying, Leon was the one who kind of saw the most through Roche's, saw Ro Roche's intentions and saw that they were right just wrong. And it, like Clyde, I think Clyde said that, that they were a rer. That's what he, he considered the other two or a hick. Joseph said, you know, I am who I am. And, and also by the way, we all know that I'm really God and Leon, he said that, he said the other two were instrumental gods, they were hollowed out gods, they were possibly dead already.


And machines were operating them and making them say these things. But even in that, like, he wasn't attacking them personally. It was what he felt forced to explain his position. And so that's what he said his position was. But he wa he, after, as he was saying this, he would turn to Joseph, he would turn to Clyde and he would say, you know, I, I, I mean this, you know, respectfully, I, I don't mean to be, to tear you down. Whatever your belief is. Your belief, and I don't want it. I'm not trying to take it from you. I have my beliefs and you have your beliefs and that's, that's good enough. And so through that kind of like truce that was kind of established between these three men, they basically kept the researchers at bay, the researchers would try to come in and bust things up and get 'em to like argue or, you know, make them confront one another.


But if when left alone, those three men just generally did not argue about who was God. They avoided the subject altogether and just let the other ones be and, and just kind of entered this live and let live kind of position, which I think is, is pretty heart heartening. You know? It is. And that was, that was one of the things that came through on that snap judgment with the two research assistants was that their take was that these men were generally like after the initial sort of denial stuff, that they were generally pretty respectful and wanted to give each other the space to believe that they were Christ if they wanted to. And this, what that showed was empathy. And that's something that none of them saw coming at this point.


Roki is being kind of hassled by these two grad assistants saying, Hey listen man, these guys are kind of okay with this and you're taking this thing too far. And eventually he was, he ignored them basically. And eventually they quit before this next phase starts. Oh, okay. And because they didn't agree with what was going on, 'cause they saw these three guys that were generally respectful for one another, they saw Roe would do things like a journalist wrote a story about them at one point that was obviously not flattering at all to the three Christ and Roic read this aloud to them, like he was just trying to push their buttons and initiate this conflict.


And the two grad assistants eventually were like, we're outta here. Yeah. That story in particular, it was about how Roki was treating three psychotic men who thought they were Christ. And to read that to them is, is really mean. Yeah. Again, he was trying to see what would happen if they're, they were confronted with their identities being considered delusional by other people. And, and Leon in particular didn't like that he said that a a a doctor is a, or a person who's supposed to be a doctor is supposed to lift up, build up, guide, direct inspire. He said that what, what you've just done is Deploring. And Roki said, you know, deploring, I've traveled 75 miles in snow and Storm to come see you.


And Lee had said, yes, but what was your intention in coming to see me sir? And so he didn't, he didn't put up with Roche's bs at all, which is pretty cool, you know, to to, to hold delusions and to have your delusions attacked like that. And then to, to, to be able to push back but also instill a respectful way is I think Leon's one of these, one of the great unsung heroes. Yeah. Of of 20th century America. Totally. Should we take a break before phase two? Yeah, I say we take a break man. Alright, we'll be right back.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs and stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure ready RAV four designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Residents at BrightView, senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Here's to those who have been touched by metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer that is spread to other parts of the body. Celebrating the patients, caregivers, healthcare providers, scientists and others who have been part of the HR positive HER two negative NBC community with Ibrance Palbociclib, a Pfizer product prescription Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitors for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor If you have new or worsening chest pain, cough or trouble breathing before taking Ibrance. Tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection, liver or kidney problems, our nursing pregnant, or plan to be all medical conditions you have and about all the medicines you take. For more information about side effects, talk to your doctor. Talk to your healthcare team about Ibrance, visit ibrance.com or call 1 8 4 4 9 Ibrance for more information.


For some of us, personal finances aren't just personal. They include a lot more people than ourselves. Loved ones neighbors, the communities we call home and the causes we hold in our hearts At Thrivent, we help plan your financial picture with the bigger picture in mind. Because even though our business is helping guide your finances, our ambition is to make it mean so much more. Thrivent, where money means more. Connect with us@thrivent.com.


So before stage two starts, when things get really unethical, well, not before, this is kind of part of the unethical, the two grad assistant assistants had left and he hires this new young pretty woman as a grad assistant and basically tells her to flirt with Leon and to see if he can make her, make him fall in love with her. And that's exactly what happened. And Leon fell in love with her and was destroyed when he basically came to realize on his own that that was never gonna happen for him. Man, it's just Brutal. Keeps getting better and better. Yeah. Yeah. When those, when those grad assistants said, you've gone too far, I think ROI probably said something along the lines of too far, haven't even begun to go too far.


Richard ge. Just watch what's next. Yeah, but there was like upbeat music probably he was saying it. Yeah. Like Salisbury Hill. Exactly. That is exactly what I was thinking of. Thank you for putting it into words, Chuck. So what happened next? So what happened next is as follows, there, Roque basically saw like, these guys are not going for this, for this. The the level of prodding that I've been doing, I'm gonna really kind of turn up the heat. And he wondered If you took the members, people that were part of these, these patients delusional belief systems and personified them, like pretended you were them, say, started communicating with them through letters or whatever.


Yeah. What would happen? Could you conceivably get these people to abandon their delusions under the guidance of these authority figures that were actually part of their delusions? It's really kind of mind boggling when you lay it out in like a flow chart like that, you know? Yeah. That this like just kept getting worse and worse. So he identified these authority figures and all three of them, I guess to his credit, he laid off of Clyde because I mean, I don't know if it was so much empathy as it was, he knew he wasn't getting very far with Clyde Or maybe he was scared of what would happen if Clyde broke, you know, maybe. Yeah. 'cause Clyde was definitely, could be a little scary, but, so he laid off of Clyde, but he found that Joseph said that a superintendent of the hospital named Dr.


Yoder. Y-O-D-E-R was his dad. And Leon said that he had a wife, he had a couple, his wife, the blessed Virgin Mary who was an uncle reincarnated as Michael, the Archangel, Archangel Archangel. Those are two different, so he was married to the blessed Virgin Mary and had that uncle. Yeah, he had those two. But there, there was, there was his, he wasn't married to his uncle. He had another wife later on named Madame Yeti woman after he stopped being married to the Blessed Virgin Mary. That's right. Because his uncle Michael, the ar archangel married blessed, the blessed Virgin Mary. Right. It sounds a little confusing, but when you're dealing with stuff like this, I think it just has to be a little confusing.


Well, the upshot of it is ROIC started posing as, as Madame Yeti woman and started a letter writing campaign as Madam Yeti woman basically reaching out to say, Hey Leon, I just wanna say hi and I'm thinking of you and let's start talking. So there was correspondence that was established as, as Leon's delusion, Dilu like wife met him. Yeti woman. Yeah. And he, we should point out that he supposedly had gotten, not supposedly, I think he did get the hospital's permission to sign off on this as long as he said, listen, it's all gonna be positive stuff.


I'm not gonna be writing them letters saying to go start a fight or anything like that. So I'm gonna send them positive message messages and, and I'm gonna stop if this becomes upsetting to these guys. And so they said, sure, go ahead. Yeah. And so he did, he did go ahead first with Leon, I believe. And by this time, Leon had, one of the things that he had done to transform his identity was to become Dr. Righteous ideal Don or Dr. Rri Dong. Yeah. And apparently the head nurse asked him directly like, can I please not call you Dr. Dong? And he said, yes, you can call me rri, but everybody else called him Dr. Rri Don. And he did this, Roe concluded to basically make himself not worthy of, of being harassed anymore, but he was still secretly God, like he knew he was God, he was just pro pretending to be something else.


And during that period, he became married to Madame Yeti woman. So Ruki started addressing letters as to Dr. RI Dong and basically saying, you know, here's a dollar. Why don't you go buy yourself something nice in the hospital store and then share the change with Clyde and Joseph and or one of the things that they would do is they would take turns between the three patients is who was going to lead the session that day. And one of the things you did when you led the session was you chose what song everybody s song at the beginning and at the end of the session, which is adorable. And so Madame Yeti woman suggested that he choose Onward Christian soldiers and he chose Onward Christian soldiers.


And so like to Roki, he's seeing like there's this, there's like an actual influence, right? That that is being exerted by this delusional figure. And also it demonstrates that, that Leon is showing like he definitely believes Madame Yeti woman's a person for sure. Yeah. And eventually what broke it was as posing as Madame Yeti woman asked Leon to stop using the name Dr. Dung. The name thing seems to have been a sticking point with a lot of people. Or maybe he just thought that that would, since he held onto that so strongly, that would've been like the toughest thing to make him do. And that was sort of it, he was asked about the letter, and Leon doesn't really say anything about asking to be, to drop the name Dr.


Dong. He just starts talking more and more about God being both male and female and insane, insane. And said, I don't care for the insanity of God. And then said, I don't want any more letters. And basically kinda shut it down. And so with, with those, with Leon's letters in particular, there was a couple like really sad things, like the whole thing was sad to begin with, but there's this passage in the book where Leon gets a letter and, and Roki realizes that he's holding back tears. And he starts to ask him like, why are you like, you know, are you happy? He said, yes, I'm very happy. It's a very pleasant feeling to have someone think of you like, like he was, he was moved to tears by the, the idea that Madame Yeti woman was, was writing to him and, and talking about caring for him and sending him money to go buy himself things with, and rather than just say like, oh, we might wanna back this off, Roki used it to, to step that up and arranged for a meeting with Madame Yeti woman.


Yeah. But there was no Madam Yeti woman who was supposed to show up. He was just, he was going to get stood up from the outset, but still Leon went to go meet Madam Yeti woman and, and had his heart broken. I think it was after that that he stopped responding to the letters. Yeah. And you know, when he said, I don't want these letters anymore, I don't wanna receive them, you would think that that's when Roki would say, all right, well let's just stop this altogether. But he didn't because he remembered that Leon had another authority figure in his life, which was his uncle George, Bernard Brown, AKA, the arc angel Michael.


And so he said, Hey, I'll have someone call and pose as his uncle now. And this didn't work from the beginning, Leon, I guess the voice was just so far off, or maybe Leon was just really wise to it at this point, said, you know, no, no, no, this isn't, this isn't even close to the voice. Goodbye. And hung up. And then they asked him about the call and he said, I don't believe in mental torture, sir. So it seems like he was sort of onto him at this point, or, you know, was onto him from the beginning, but onto him about this ruse. I don't think he was onto him from the beginning. I think that he bought, No, I mean, from the beginning of the experiments, he was wary Of them. Oh, gotcha. I see what you're saying. But yeah, but it's really easy to forget because you're reading Roche's accounts that these men weren't in on the idea that it was from Roche.


They believed that these letters were coming from Oh, sure. Their their delusional figures. Yeah. That's the whole point. Which makes it just even more gut wrenching when you stop and remember that, you know? Yeah. So then he says, okay, all right, Leon's done. I'm, I'm done writing letters to him. Who can I write letters to next? And he moves on to Joseph, right? Yeah. So this was the one where the superintendent, the fictional Dr. Yoder was the authority figure for Joseph who he saw as a father figure. And so of course, Roe is gonna play up this whole father figure thing in the letters saying that he loved him like his son. He just wanted the best things for him.


And If you remember from the original sort of quick bio, Joseph's father was awful and abusive. So he's really playing into his deepest sort of insecurities here. Yeah. He said, be assured that I will always love you just exactly like a father who deeply loves his own Son. It's really tough to even research this stuff. Yeah. So, so just like with, with Leon through these letters, as Dr. Yoder, he tried to get Josephs to start doing stuff innocuous stuff at first. Like, it, it saying stop. He didn't, he stopped saying that he was from England and that he was from Quebec, started going to church services, that kind of stuff. So there was an influence on Joseph, just like there was on, on Leon using their delusional characters or delusional friends, authority figures, whatever.


And I think even Dr. Yoder prescribed, or the fake Dr. Yoder prescribed a placebo for Joseph's stomach ailments. He had like digestive problems or stomach hurt, and these placebo pills just fixed him right up. Yeah. So the stomach pills, placebos supposedly worked. And then he said, all right, well that worked. So I'm gonna give you pills to basically cure your mind. And If you want to fix, fix yourself for good, take these pills, which is, I mean, this is so far off the charts of unethical. Like I I I can't even describe how far off the charts it is.


And he said basically, I, I think he said he gave 'em an ultimatum. He says, I'm only gonna continue to give these pills that will supposedly make your mind, right If you admit that you're in a mental hospital and it's not an English stronghold. And Joseph finally said, like, signed something and Joseph said, no, I'm not gonna sign this. And he cut off this placebo medication that he believed might be fixing his brain and it kind of petered out after that. And it was just like, it's just brutal to think about these guys going through this, like hope that they're getting better and it was all fake. Yeah. He apparently stopped writing to Dr. Yoder and moved on to JFK, started writing letters to JFK asking to be one of his speech writers.


'cause remember he was a writer as well. Right. So Roki is like, okay, all right, let's see what's next. Oh, nothing's next. This is the end of the line. He finally realized like, okay, this is not going anywhere. Not only had he not at all moved Clyde's delusions or Joseph's delusions, the only persons whose delusions had changed at all was Leon's and his had just gotten more complex and intricate, certainly not any closer to reality. They got further away from reality because of this influence from, from Roki and his, his experiment. And he has like a pretty rich little admission Yeah. In the book that he says that we do not know to what extent our very presence, behavior, and questions may have influenced the results obtained.


Which is bizarre to say. Yeah. Because the whole point of the experiment was to influence these people through these, this experiment. So it's a really weird thing that he even put it in there from some of the stuff that I've read, kind of picking apart this book at the end, it really just kind of peters out and like he's just kind of slashing in the air with his sword, trying to figure out, you know, what the point was of all this stuff. And even without like a, a satisfying conclusion or end and ended up getting published in 1964 and became like a, a really big success in the field of psychology, but also got widely criticized right outta the gate because even though this was mid-century America and we're talking about mental patients in mid-century America who had very little rights or, or were treated very poorly.


Like there were still like a lot of people around who were like, you don't do this to human beings. This is not okay. Not everybody did, but some, you know, some critics definitely came out immediately. Yeah. It took Roic a long time though to really kind of come to terms with what he had done. And he eventually did though, about 17 years later, they re reissued the book in 1981 and he wrote a new forward, he admitted in interviews in other places as well that he was also, you know, in a sense suffering from God-like delusions and that he was playing God with these men and regretted it.


He regretted publishing. He said, I regret having written and published a study when I did. I don't know if that means that he wishes he could have reflected more on it or what, but yeah, I Don't know Either. He did sort of recant and say he didn't do the right thing. It's worth pointing out that this was six years into his suffering from spinal cancer. So I don't know if that had, you know, if knowing the end was near for him, had something to do with his sort of self-reflection. But he eventually died in 1988 at the age of 70 after a 13 year battle with spinal cancer. And, you know, left the social psychology world sort of rocked.


Like, like I said, I studied this in college and it became sort of like the Stanford Prison experiment. Right. It became worth studying, but not for the reasons that they initially launched the study to begin with. No, he finally figured out the point of the book. And the point of the book was for him to figure out that it was unethical what he was doing. Yeah. And to finally come to terms with what he'd done to these poor men, and that you have a right to just be left alone and not have your identity challenged no matter what you believe you are, who you believe you are. And so he actually changed his, his methods. He, his, his general belief in the idea of belief systems remain the same, but he changed his tactics in that he got involved in self confrontation, right.


Where he would try to present people with, you know, self examination, where they would examine what their values were, what their beliefs were, and then they would kind of be challenged on that. Like, okay, you believe in freedom, you place a high value on freedom, but you also rated equality pretty low, but isn't equality freedom for everybody? So you care about your freedom, but not other people's freedom. Right. How does that really jive? And then the hope was that they would go back and self-reflect and be like, no, I really do care about freedom. I do care about other people. Maybe I should care more about equality and improve as a person. And that's ultimately how he ended up making his name starting in the seventies. Yeah. And I gotta tell you, when, when you read some of his regret about it, he says things like, or he said things like, you know, and, and in the end someone was cured and it was me.


It, it's, it just, that all bothered me a little bit too, how he, he still made it about himself somehow, even though he did say he regretted it and everything. I just, I never heard as much regret about these three men and, and just, and, and putting them in the positions of like, they were the ones who helped me out in the end it was just, ugh, I didn't like that. No, I know exactly what you mean. It just, it's still smacks of self involvement and egotism. Yeah. And also like what happened to these men after the experiment was done, they were just cast right back into the general population. That's right. Like used Kleenex basically to, to deal with what they'd just been through.


It's just, it's just rotten all around for sure. And it, at the very least it does exist to, to, to make Milton Roche feel better. Right. You got anything else? No. I mean, If you wanna see some of his later work that you were talking about, the value stuff, there are all kinds of really wacky YouTube videos from people about that stuff. Nice. And If you want to see the movie that they remade about this don't, Nah. Well, since I said don't see that movie, it is time of course for listener mail. Everybody, I'm gonna call this a, a guy who has the same step on a crack thing as I do.


Okay. This is from Jared Miller. Hey guys. I gotta say Chuck is the only other person I've heard to express the same compulsion that I have. If I step on a surface that is different from the majority of where I'm walking, I try to get my other foot to have the same sensation. This can be the line between the sidewalk segments or a traction sticker, an unpaved patch, et cetera. I gotta say, Jared, it's the same with me. It's not just cracks can be anything. Sure. Even which part of the foot is affected. Same with me, dude. If I do it on my heel, I have to do the next one with my heel. It's very interesting. I've even found myself doing it with the colors of tiles on a pattern floor. Same here. For me, it's about symmetrical sensations.


I sometimes realize I'm doing it when I'm eating and have equal chewing time on each side. I don't do that once. Really cherry. You're so weird. Yeah. You're really out there. Once I became aware of it at, at a fully conscious level, I also became self-conscious about it and tried different things to break myself of the habit. At times it's been ex an extreme as extreme as forcing myself to maintain an even gait no matter what. Yeah. I've done that while consciously reminding myself that sensations are temporary and that it will even, even out or go away, especially if I ignore it. Thanks for all the hours of entertainment. You were an early discovery of mine in the podcast world back in 2009 and almost none of the shows I started listening to back then are still going.


Hmm. That's our motto, Jared. Just keep doing it. Just no matter what everybody tells you to stop, please God, stop now. Don't quit. You just, you don't listen. So that's Jared and Anaheim by way of Idaho. Way to go, Jared, from all over the place. That was, I think Idaho. Idaho? Or was it Iowa? I don't remember. Sorry. Idaho. Idaho. I know. That's the worst thing to confuse. I apologize, Idaho. So let's see. If you wanna get in touch with us like Jared did, please email us, won't you? You can send us an email to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app.


Apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


This is the soundtrack of the millions undiagnosed with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity. It's a chronic condition where the airway partially or fully collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Without your knowing, don't sleep on the symptoms. Talk to your doctor about OSA and learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


This is LaVar Arrington from two Pros and a cup of Joe, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma R. Designed to outlast and outlive backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available Afro features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.