
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If anyone's ever said you snore loudly, or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily usa, llc.


Look around everyone. Every car you see is probably on Autotrader, like that sleek convertible that turned heads when it picked you up from the airport or the custom ride from your favorite van life couple on social media. Even that vintage sports car that's tailing you a little too closely. New cars, used cars, electric cars, even flying cars. Well, okay, no flying cars yet, but as soon as those things get invented, they'll be on Autotrader. If you see a car you like, it's probably on Autotrader. That's kind of their thing. Autotrader, hi everyone.


We're gonna jump back in podcast time to September 15th, 2015 for this week's s select selection. How Publicists Work. We've never had a publicist. You know why? 'cause nobody cares that much about us, so it's really not a job that would get a lot of billable hours, If you know what I mean. But anyway, it's pretty fascinating. Weird job. And we heard from a few publicists, I believe, when we recorded this. So maybe we'll hear from some again, how publicists, publicists, publicists work. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio.


Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark. There's Charles W Chuck Bryant. There's Jerry. So w Chanel, this is it. Boy, it sounded like you're introducing the final episode, My voice. This is, it feels Like it's the final episode. You won't be able to talk anymore. No, I'm getting there. It's not true. We dunno that. How's it going? It's going pretty well, man. How about with you? I think both of us had a, a bit of a dark time researching this article. Why? Well, because, And we're gonna get, well, we're gonna get flack.


That's a teaser from publicists because what I learned is that publicists are professional liars. I, I would say that depends on the circumstance. Well, what do you mean? Well, you saying there are publicists who don't lie. No, I'm saying it, it depends on whether the publicist is going to the media or the media is coming to the publicist. Depending on the circumstance. What I am saying is no matter what, who you work for, If you are a publicist, then a percentage of your job will be lying. Right. Okay. Depending on the circumstance.


Yeah. So, so Billy Ray Cyrus, like you wouldn't lie about something good. Billy Ray Cyrus is like, I am going to donate a bunch of time and money to a local homeless shelter. Yeah. You don't have to lie about that. The publicist gets on the horn, starts letting everybody know you guys should come cover this. Billy Ray Cyrus goes and does that and everything's good. Then on the way home, Billy Ray Cyrus decides to celebrate by drinking a bucket of tequila and runs his car into a whatever. Okay. The publicist then starts getting calls and says He didn't drink a bucket of tequila. That wasn't even him.


That's overstated what really happened with this. So the circumstances depend on the, the, whether the publicist is fibbing or not. Oh, yeah. I'm not saying that all publicists do is lie, but I'm saying If you work as a publicist, part of your job is to cover tracks and to lie. Gotcha. And you know that don't hate the publicist, hate the system, is what I say. Yeah. They're definitely a a part of the a larger system. Yeah. A larger system, which includes all of us who digest news. Yeah. Especially say like entertainment news. Yeah. That kind of thing. There's like a, there's a whole, there's two, from my understanding, there's two routes a person can take.


As a celebrity. You can either just go off and be a normal person and depending on your level, you might have paparazzi following you or that kind of stuff. There's sure. Once you get to a certain level, it doesn't matter what your decision is. Or you can hire a publicist and feed yourself right into that machine to get as much publicity and as much press as you possibly can. Yeah. Well, I think any celebrity is gonna have a publicist, but it's really a matter of your directive and your goal. Right. I think some of those people like to be like that. The old adage, there's no such thing as bad publicity. Yeah. I, I ran into that, that that's more of a pr term where like, so if you're into pr you're probably representing a comp company or an organization or something like that.


Yeah. A publicist is somebody who typically represents a single person, an artist, an author, a musician, something like that. Yeah. That's really the, the only definition I can find for a publicist. And the, the job, the goal of the publicist is to help maintain and promote the public image of that person that they represent. That's right. By having a good relationship with the media. Yes. That's Where it starts. That's the publicist. And by the way, that no pub, no such thing as bad publicity. I tried to find the origin of that and the closest thing I could find was PT Barnum.


But I don't know if that's true. I don't think that's verified Well in the, say Mark Twain. Yeah. PT Barnum or Mark Twain. Everybody says, oh, it was Mark Twain saying, And I don't think that's even true. Anyway. I think maybe that used to be true. What? That it was a Mark Twain saying No, that no such thing as bad publicity. I think at one point that may have been sort of true. Yeah. But these days there's clearly bad publicity. Sure. So you, I said the word flack earlier as a teaser. Apparently two flack or a flack is a term originating from Gene flack early movie publicist. Yeah. In Hollywood. And that's where the ck That's right.


FLAK to take flack is named after a type of German gun in World War ii. Yeah. A German anti-aircraft gun. Two different things. But in this case, it is a pejorative term for a publicist. They don't like it. A PR flack. Yeah. You shouldn't say that to someone that works in pr. No. Or call them a liar. They don't like that either. Yeah. Yeah. I looked it up. Apparently it means that like, you can't be trusted. You'll, you'll do anything for money. That's what a flack is to them. That's like they, one article I read said, that's like calling a personal injury attorney, an ambulance chaser. Yeah. Just not a nice term. Gotcha. So there you have it.


So a publicist, like you said, works for their client to make them to get their good deeds out and to, if they don't have good deeds, to spin things to make it look like they do. Right. You know, Here hold this baby lamb. Yeah. Or we take your picture. Exactly. And then they get photographed later eating euroes down the block. The two events were totally not connected. No. So the, what they do is they pitch ideas to the media and they probably have to be good writers themselves. 'cause a press release oftentimes is a starting point, but press releases, as we know, can get lost in the shuffle and never see the light of day.


Yeah. It seems like a huge waste of time. It Can be. But If you have a good publicist, they will be well connected to the media. Right. To ensure that that publicity blast is not lost. Right. Exactly. So there's, there's direction one, which is from the publicist to the media, and the the publicist is gonna have all these contacts with different entertainment reporters and business reporters, and anybody that could possibly politic political politics run a story. Yeah. Anybody that could possibly run a story on their client. Right. That's right. And they'll say, Billy Ray is going to donate some money.


Why are we picking on him? He just seems like the type who would donate a bunch of money to a homeless shelter Okay. And go down there himself and help out. Great. So Billy Ray's gonna be down there, plus it's, it's, it rolls off the tongue, Billy Ray. Sure. So why don't you send one of your cover Porters down and, and let's get some coverage for this. Right. And since they're friends, since these people have worked together for decades now, this reporter and this, your, your publicist, the reporter actually might respond Yeah. And show up, or the editor or the news producer, whoever the contact is. That's great. Like that's, you hired a good publicist and now this story is going to make it out there. That's right.


Because they didn't just write up a press release with a bunch of exclamation points in the headline and fax it to every media outlet they could find That's a bad And get zero Response. Yes. A good a publicist is only as good as their relationships. I think the other way on that street that you were talking about is from the journalist back to the publicist, if they hear, eh, I heard Billy Ray Cyrus drank a bucket of tequila and ran over a prostitute with his car, they will then get in touch with the publicist and then they go, Jack, buddy, hey, we go back a long way. Would I lie to you? Would I lie to you? So that's how that goes. And they want, they will be more forthcoming with people who have, it's a scratch your back, you scratch mind type of scenario.


Yeah. Like that reporter that actually showed up at the homeless shelter and covered it and made a nice piece and everything. Yeah. I'll give you the scoop. When that guy calls, he's, he's gonna get the better treatment from the publicist than somebody who ignored the, the, the pitch before. That's right. A lot more. Yeah. A lot of back scratching, a Lot of back scratching, Feeding the machine. I've seen a lot more women as publicists than men, and I've always wondered why that is true. I don't know that that is true. In researching this I saw about an equal amount. Oh really? I used to think that as well. But it seems like there's an equal amount these days. It Seems like every publicist I've ever known has been a woman. And I just figured it's because women may be more level-headed and more able to like smooth out a situation.


Oh yeah. And some big dumb guy. Yeah. But I guess the guys who are publicists aren't big dumb guys like me. I'd be a bad publicist. Oh yeah. So what would your response be if somebody called to, to find out what stupid thing your your client did or why they did some stupid thing? I'd say, you know what, it's really none of none of your business. It's not bothering me. Bad publicist. Yeah. Well, that was something I ran across was, you know, saying something like, my client needs their privacy respected right now. Sure. Would just immediately shut down a relationship that you've cultivated over the years. Yeah. That you have to give as a publicist. You are like you, there has to be something that you give.


So you better have something that will placate the reporter, but will also is probably not the truth because that reporter will go off and write the truth about your client. And your client will have just gotten horrible publicity because of you. So it's a balancing act. Yeah. Or they'll just say, let me send you over a gift bag from Fred Siegel. You like the last one. Right. But publicist may also, and it depends people that have a staff of people working for them, sometimes the lines are blurred on who does what. But a publicist can arrange interview requests and set all that stuff up.


If you have like a book tour or you're a politician, or you're a band with a new album coming out, they might arrange all those interviews, in which case they are prepping two things. They are prepping the interviewer saying, you can't ask about the bucket of tequila. Right. If you want this interview, I'll give it to you, but this is off limits. Yeah. All these things. And then as we've learned when we've had people work with us in publicity, they'll be prepping you on as the interviewee. Like, if they ask this, this is how you should probably deal with it. Don't answer that. Yeah. Don't Answer bridge Back to what you were saying before. And my favorite thing ever are videos where celebrities walk out of interviews because the interviewer has asked something they weren't supposed to ask.


Yeah. Those are great. Yeah. I just sit around and watch those all day. Yeah. You you probably find a pretty good super cut of 'em. Yeah, Probably so. All right, well let's take a break and when we come back we will talk a little bit about the skills you need as a publicist.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long and get This, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos, hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with Anna Bay. Anna Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699 and now's the perfect time to upgrade during the Memorial Day sale. Get up to 60% off site-wide. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly, stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric. Experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frames ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com to save big this Memorial Day backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back. Don't miss the Memorial Day sale. Upgrade now@washablesofas.com. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change, and certain restrictions may apply


For adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity. Refreshing sleep may be hard to come by and who likes to lag and drag through the day? OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking, or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


All right. We've mentioned lying and you know, I joke, but for real, If you want to be a publicist, you better have a certain comfort level with, with stretching the truth and lying. Yeah. Because you're gonna have to do that. If you're not comfortable with that, you shouldn't go into that line of work. Yeah. Is that safe to say? I think very, You need to be good with people and cultivate those relationships. Need to be a good writer. Well, not only do you have to be a good writer, you have to be a good journalist. Yeah. And a lot of publicists have a background in journalism, because I kept running into this, in this article, in another article you sent, the number one rule of being a publicist is to think like a journalist.


That's right. Even better than that is to not only think like a journalist, but be able to write like a journalist too. Because as we kind of demonstrated that the publicist media relationship is a two-way street, the the publicist needs the media to publicize in a flattering manner their client. Sure. But the media needs a publicist because they've got deadlines and they need to come up with story ideas. And if something is brought to them Yeah, that's great. That's good. But that, that media professional has a reputation to protect. It can't be like, you know, Billy Ray Cyrus got off of his couch and mailed a check for $500 to a local homeless shelter.


Yeah. Boring. Yeah. And it came in a press release in a fax machine. Yeah. That reporter is not going to have a very good reputation. But if a publicist comes to this reporter with a great headline, creative pitch, a good story that's tailored to that reporter and their beat, and even more than that, tailored to that reporter's audience. Yes. There's a good likelihood that a reporter will say, I'm listening. Right. And that's just music to a publicist ears. Sure. Just to be listened to. Yeah. That's when you throw it into fifth gear. You can't be afraid of rejection. You've gotta be outgoing and you've gotta take your licks because a lot of your attempts are going to fail just by nature of the job.


So you can't get your feelings all hurt. Yeah. I guess you could, but you don't wanna show that. 'cause then the journalists will be like, geez, Chuck's such a baby, You are going to be eaten alive. I didn't run the story. And he's complaining, crying. It's a little wimp. I saw him choking up in the bathroom. While they may get a good laugh out of that, they probably won't wanna work with you as much. Right. You gotta be very patient. And you have to be very flexible because if you're working for celebrities, it is a very tough job. That's another thing too. So you are, your hours are basically all hours Whenever you're needed. Right. So not only does your publicists frequently also have to do other stuff or people associated with the publicist have to do things like pick up things for the the client.


Yeah. Like Would do. Yeah, Sure. In addition to that, like the higher up you go on the food chain, which we'll talk about in a minute, the, the more that that client feels akay with emailing you at three in the morning saying like, I, I need to be reassured about my celebrity status or whatever. Yeah. And the publicist needs to respond. You're basically on call all the time. Also, at three in the morning, your client may have done something really horrifically stupid. Yes. And some paparazzi caught it. And now word's starting to spread and you're fielding calls from reporters at three in the morning to get a a statement on what your client did.


Yeah. I mean, when, when Twitter came out, I remember thinking at the time like, publicists aren't gonna be around anymore 'cause people are doing this to themselves. Well, They've actually figured out ways to use Twitter to their benefit. Well, ways To use Twitter. But Twitter is also their biggest security blanket as well. Because because of Twitter, more and more celebrities are saying really stupid things Yeah. That the publicist is then gonna have to cover their tracks. Yeah, That's a good point. So They'll take down the tweet and then try and spin that or just, you know, the, the apology is always very funny to me. Like the awkward Well it's never like, did you hear about Chris Carter, the NFL guy? He's a former NFL player wide receiver.


Sure. For the Vikings, right. Yeah. He is in hot water this week because he spoke, was hired by the NFL to come in and speak to the rookies. They often do that for guys that had been in trouble to come in and say, don't do what I did. He Scared straight. Yeah. Sort of. And he said in his talk to the rookie symposium, said something about, you know, If you get caught with, you know, da da da da, he went, just make sure you have a fall guy on your team. Like the guy in the car that's like, it's my weed. Wow. Basically. And he got in big trouble for that. And his apology, his apology was, was like that that's not the kind, the kind of advice I would ever give young people.


It's like, but that's the advice you exactly. Gave young people, huh? Yeah. Like how can you say that days later? It's just so obvious. It's a forced insincere apology. So he either had a bad publicist or didn't listen to his publicist because part of the publicist's job is when you're going to make the statement, the public statement, the public apology or whatever. Sure. The, the reasoning behind it, the rationale, the, the wording of it, the, just the logic behind the apology Yeah. Is probably going to be crafted by your publicist at least help. They're gonna help you with it. Yeah. At the very least they're going to want to help you with it.


Right. Because they're probably scared stupid that you're going to make it worse. Right. And it sounds like there's a lot of crisis management and that is a part of it, but publicists also are just trying to cook up opportunities. I think that that's way more the day to day. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Depending on the client, of course. Sure. But I remember our former boss, Connell was in a band years ago, and I read online somewhere that his band was, went to Elton John's. Do you remember this story? No. Went to Elton John's house and spelled out their band name and fire on his tennis court.


No, I Hadn't heard that. To try and get on his label or something. That's a great way to do it. I know. And I went and asked him, I was like, dude, I can't believe you guys did that. And he went, we didn't do that. I was like, no. And he was like, no, he's our publicist made that up. I was like, nothing true about it. And he's like, no. They completely fabricated that story, huh. As a publicity stunt. That never happened, Huh? Yeah. So why even go to the trouble of it when you can just release a story that says that you did that? Yeah. Isn't that amazing when something like that could so easily be FactCheck like by calling Elton John? Well, that's the other thing. Like, he's Like, I don't have in the court, He's gonna call Elton John, you know? Well, I know. So I'm curious, I wonder how many media stories are just totally fabricated.


Matter of fact, I'd be you out there and podcast land. Let us know If you know a media story that was just totally fabricated that everybody takes as fact. Right. We want to hear it. I love stuff like that. I Do too. All right. We mentioned earlier that you might end up getting the laundry or dry cleaning as a publicist. If you're the publicist intern. Yeah. That's probably what's gonna happen is you might get asked to go get the laundry and then you'll say, sure, I'll take care of that for you. And then you'll go down the chain until you find the underling who is trying to be a publicist who still does things like that. Right. This person may or may not be in college, but is probably college age. That's something that I ran across. If you want a career in as a publicist, you do not need to spend a single penny on higher education.


No. The entire career of publicists begins as, as a hands-on experience. You Need to be, You can, you need to be literate. You need to probably have a knack for writing in a journalistic way Sure. And crafting good headlines. And by proxy, good email subject lines. But you don't, If you have that already before college, you don't need to go to college. No. Like you can go and major in journalism or communications or pr, but it's not like you get that diploma, that PR diploma and You're gonna get like some entry level job as a a publicist. No, you're still gonna have to work your way up. See, it says right here, I have a PR degree, so where's my job?


Right. My advice is to skip college and go straight into the workforce as early as you can if this is what you want to do. You Know, I feel, and I hope that there is becoming a bigger understanding that there are certain fields out there, there are careers out there where you don't have to go to college. No. And there are careers out there where like you should go to a vocational school to learn that trade. Yes. That college is not necessarily this end all be all that you have to spend money after money after money to get a degree that might even not be used in your field. But I mean that I didn't Need a degree to do what I'm doing. No one ever has to see it.


Right. And this is a, this is a perfect example of that, Chuck. Like, to be a publicist, you do not need a degree. You need hands-on experience. You need basically what amounts to an apprenticeship. That's right. Yeah. Good way to say it. So go in and get that job in the mail room or as an assistant or as an intern. And it would be great If you still live at your parents' house at this point, because you're going to get paid like next to nothing. Yes. And you're going to be doing all the grunt work. Yes. But if you are, If you go in there with your mindset to I'm going to learn this, I want to learn this and move up, you're, you're going to be in the right environment for that. Absolutely. Like we said, you might be picking up dry cleaning, you're gonna be returning a lot of phone calls, drafting a lot of probably not so fun press releases That that is graduated from the intern.


Yeah. Well I'm talking about being like a junior assistant Right after you get hired on Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And press releases that aren't like the sexy ones, you know? Right. You're not gonna be writing like the press releases for Billy Ray Cyrus. In other words. No, those are sexy. You'll be writing them for his dog. Okay. You know. Sure. Freddy, Freddy, Cyrus. Freddy, Freddy Cyrus. Yeah. Okay. You are going to be handling your publicist that you work for, their schedule, their contacts. You're going to be putting together press kits and EPKs, electronic press kits and blasting those out. Yep.


Basically all of the nuts and bolts of the job you're gonna be doing as a junior staff publicist or an assistant. Right. Not a bad gig if that's what you wanna do. No. And, and you, and If you stick to it and you're good at it, you're gonna end up being a publicist. Right. Not only are you getting the experience you need on the job, you're also in a place where you're networking too. 'cause that is probably tied for first as far as like thinking like a journalist goes. You need to be a pretty good networker. That's right. And you know what, let's take a break. Oh, okay. And we will talk more about networking and some of the skills you still need.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long and Get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos, hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair every style, every home.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with Anna Bay. Anna Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699 and now's the perfect time to upgrade during the Memorial Day sale. Get up to 60% off site-wide. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly, stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric. Experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com to save big this Memorial Day backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees every penny back. Don't miss the Memorial Day sale. Upgrade now@washablesofas.com. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply


For adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity. Refreshing sleep may be hard to come by and who likes to lag and drag through the day? OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking, or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on ossa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


So can I make a confession? Yes. I'm possibly the worst networker on the planet. You didn't have to tell me that. I'm really bad at it. Yeah, It's not your bag. It isn't. Some people are good at networking. I'm pretty good at it. You're good at networking. Yeah. 'cause I enjoy it. Yeah. And I don't consider it networking. Sounds like just doing something to serve you in the end. I don't look at it that way. I look at it as like, I enjoy making professional colleague enjoy meeting and, and getting to know professional colleagues. Yeah. And then later on if I can hit them up for something or if they hit me up, that's great.


But if not, it's just something I like. Gotcha. You Know, so So the proper response maybe that be a response to somebody when they come and ask you for something, you're like, oh, I saw this coming. Yeah. That's not the way to respond. Probably not. I, I'm trying to put myself out there a little more. Oh yeah. Yeah. That just, Just, I think that's a skill that everybody should have. Yeah. Alright. Instead of being like a misanthropic recluse, you know, Put yourself out there. I agree. Well, one of the skills that I don't think we pinpointed was networking without seeming like your networking, which is sort of that It's the key, What I was just talking about. And I think maybe that is it too.


Like I feel like networking is a task, whereas if I just relaxed and enjoyed it and like just, you know, communing with a fellow human being. Yeah, exactly. Isn't that what it's all about? That's all it is. That's so scary. If I just took it like that, then I'm sure it would be much more relaxing. I read a blog and I sent it to you. Yeah. And I wanna shout them out because they Sonic Bids. S-O-N-I-C-B-I-D-S. It's a blog where they did an interview that was pretty insightful actually. They did a, a double interview, A dual interview with Julie Lichtenstein of 37 Media and Lily politely of Politely Media.


And I think they work with bands and musical artists mainly. Yeah. But it was super insightful and they said just some little tidbits here. Like, I was always curious how they get paid and I think if you're a publicist for a person and like you were on retainer, then you just get a salary. Or if you're a part of a firm that just works with that person. Right. But you can also just be hired for a campaign. Right. So if you're a band and you've gone to the trouble of like going in and, and hiring a producer to produce your album Sure. And like you've made a studio quality album that you're proud of, you might wanna hit everybody up or gather around another two grand to hire a publicist for a month to release that album correctly.


Not a bad idea. No. And like, just hiring a publicist isn't gonna automatically make it great. No. Like you need to say, like, can we see some of the other campaigns you've run? Sure. What are your ideas for this campaign? Who have some of your clients been in the past? What are, what are, what's some of the press that you've gotten? Yeah. Like You wanna See your successes. Yeah. You don't wanna just be like, throw a dart at a phone book. Right. Do your research because it's two grand and you're an up and coming band and that's just, that's not chump change. But if you, If you look at it as a wise investment and you do invest it wisely in a good publicist, it could make a huge difference for you. Agreed.


This Julie said that they tried and get out for a, for a major artist three or four months ahead of the release of the album is when they wanna start their job. Yeah. So it's not like, Hey, it drops next week. Let's think of some good ideas. Right. You know, they want some good lead time and they said that they like to work around goals if they're, if it's like a tour, like for us going on our tour Right. We don't have a publicist. No. But we have promoters working with venues. Right. That sort of do the job of a publicist as far as trying to sell tickets. Right. But if you are booking a tour and you have a publicist, they're gonna be the ones that are getting you on the local radio stations, morning tv, getting you in the local newspaper or alternative newspaper to get you some press.


Yep. And this is, I mean, if, If you have, like, this is stuff you can do yourself, but one of the things that you are hiring when you hire a publicist is their context too. Yeah. Absolutely. Like you don't have the context, you're just the band. And one of the problems is, is you are, it's going to be tough for you to think objectively. Like you're not gonna understand why every journalist you talk to doesn't wanna automatically do a long form piece on how great your band is. Right. Publicist is going to be dispassionate enough Yeah. And removed enough that, that's good word for it. They can see it objectively through a journalist's size and, and then pitch it in a way that's probably going to get better. More more bites.


Yeah. That's a good way to put it. Because the artists, we've even experienced this as the ones who gets their feelings hurt, saying like, oh man, they, you know, they, they interviewed us last time, why didn't they do it this time? And they're always great about massaging the ego a little bit and saying like, it's okay guys. It's no big deal. Yeah. Because that doesn't do much for us anyway. Lie. Right. We got this other thing that's better lie. Right. The other thing they're gonna be doing if they work for you is they're gonna be sending you weekly or biweekly reports on what's lined up, who passed on stuff who, who bit stuff like that. Like they're keeping you informed. Yeah. You're not just like in a black hole. And some artists like to be well in touch on that stuff and some probably don't care about being bothered.


Right. You know, They just wanna be on Conan Man Conan shot in Atlanta 15 minutes from our house. Yeah. Where we live. Yeah. And we couldn't get on Conan. I Know. And it was while our TV show was debuting. I know you don't have to remind me. Let's talk Penny c San Viri. Yeah. From HuffPo. She is the author and CEO of Marketing Experts Inc. And she listed out nine things that a good publicist does. What's number one, Chuck Can you guess think Like a journalist. That's right. You already said that and you were right. That's the number one rule.


Number two rule is know the rules. Right. Gotta play within the game If you start and you can bend rules, But if you start breaking them, people have a long memory. Well here Yeah. If you go on and and read, just type the, the phrase rules of pitching and publicity into your favorite search engine. And it will bring up, apparently one of the journalist things journalists like to do in their downtime is write lengthy blog posts. Mocking pr and publicists. Oh yeah. Who don't follow the rules of pitching. So one of the rules is no phone calls you, you just don't use the phone.


Oh, all email. Yeah. Especially if you're cold calling people. Like, I guess If you have a relationship with somebody, you can pick up the phone and call 'em. But you, you don't send a email blast and then a day later follow up on the email by phone. Apparently. Did you get that email? That's the worst thing you can do. Yeah. Do you don't wanna bug people? No. And it's very easy to, to come off as like pestering a reporter as a publicist. I bet. So you, you need to know the rules or your publicist needs to know the rules. Here's a good one that I didn't think about reading outside of your market. I'm sure it's pretty easy to just think New York and LA like what else do I need to know about?


Well Not even that. It's like if you're a band Outside of your industry. Yeah, Yeah. You know, and just start to think of like, oh well we actually sing this song about the oil industry and oil prices are going through the roof. So maybe, maybe the Today Show would want to talk to us about our song That didn't think about. That's Great. I'd be a great publicist. Well you'd be A great songwriter. I'm terrible at networking Google alerts. That's kind of a no-brainer. I would think understanding the importance of local media. That's a good one. Because while your artist is not gonna be super stoked about appearing on Good Morning Toledo, hey if there's a tie like you're from Toledo, like you Yeah.


Then that's probably a smart thing to do. 'cause the local media loves people that were from there that moved away. Right. Plus also, or maybe they still live there also. Plus the Mrs. Ri makes this point. Or Ms. San Vire, sorry. Makes this point that you never know where a local contact is going to end up. Sure. Might hit the big time. They Might work for USA today in a couple of months. Yeah. It doesn't get bigger than that. And if they, if they hit the big time on their end and they have you as like a contact, it could help you out big time. That's right. And then earlier you mentioned something about subject lines for emails. I never really thought about this, but Penny says, can I call her Penny?


You Can. Are we on a first name basis? I call her Ms. San Viri. Okay. Well she says that crafting a subject line is one of the most important things that you can do as a publicist. Yeah. And that they agonize over this and it makes total sense with the glut of emails that people receive, especially journalists. You want to grab their attention. Otherwise it's just gonna be bye-bye time. Yeah. So, But you also have to know Crafting redrafting, editing, tweaking, she says it's just like maddening how much you have to do that. Yeah. That would drive me crazy. Yeah. Because it's the minutiae so much importance on the minutiae. Yeah. But it's true. And, and you have to, you have to put a lot of thought into it, but you also probably can't come off as having put too much thought into or else it seems desperate, which will turn somebody off.


Man. Journalists, I bet publicists want to kill journalists and vice versa. Yeah. It sounds like a a weird relationship for sure. Yeah. You know, And then also did you look up media leads? No. So basically there's services out there where journalists say, I need a quote on, I'm doing a piece on nuclear fusion and I don't even know what that is. So Oh yeah. I need a source. And then this, this, this service that the, the journalist calls puts out like a, a daily or you know, maybe even more than once a day newsletter blast to pr people who pay for the service and then they, they go through and say, oh, I've actually got a nuclear physicist on my payroll.


Yeah. And I'm, I'm going to connect him. We've been connected that way before. How who, When we had different PR firms working for with us at times they've gotten in touch and say, said so and so at SpaceX wants to know If you want to come on and talk about this. Or when we did that stuff on a, b, c about when the housing crisis Hit. Yeah. 'cause we're financial experts. Yeah. So stuff like that. Yeah, I gotcha. It used to come across our desk every now And then. Well there's, there's subscription services that connect people through leads from what I'm seeing is Twitter is now filling that void a lot where you can just search Twitter for the hashtag HARO Help a reporter out.


Yeah. The reporters. And then also I guess there's a lot of PR taste makers out there Sure. That are just super connected and will basically tweet a lead and you don't have to pay a thousand dollars a month for that subscription service. You just follow certain people on Twitter. And as a PR person, you might have somebody that's a client that you connect. Yeah. The whole, that whole new job of being an aggregator a a curator. Yeah. Like the Yeah. Like people do that and that's all they do. But we also live in an age where people are famous for being famous. I know, Man. I need to take back a little bit about my tirade about liars.


I think that what I'm talking about are people publicists for like big celebrities and stuff like that. Okay. Like we've had publicists work with us and I bet 80% of the clients that they work with are like people like us where you don't have to like lie and spin. Yeah. We're always on our best behavior. Yeah. It's just, you know, regular stuff. Like let me find a good opportunity for you and connect you and Yeah. So it's, I I was overstating and I think that's just the far edge of the celebrity end of things. Gotcha. Because I just got to thinking about what if they're listening, I don't want them to think, I didn't think they were doing a good job. You did a great job. We to back off of that one Chuck. I got one more little thing on Jim Morran Moran.


You just said Morran. M-O-R-A-N-I Think Moran, well not the way the French say moron. He is was known as the master of the publicity stunt back in the day. Like he did things, what his big thing was, was to take a saying and try and disprove it like for a company. So he literally went to Alaska on behalf of GE to sell a refrigerator to, well it says an Eskimo, but I guess an Inuit. Yeah. Is what you would say today. Yeah. He walked a bull through a China shop in New York City. How'd that go As a stunt? I think they broke some things. Oh bet he got on a horse for a politician and changed directions midstream on the horse, like rode it through a river and changed directions.


Yeah. Like you can do this. And then in 1959 for the premiere of the Mouse that roared the great Peter Sellers movie, he opened an embassy. Remember the movie was about a small country that declared war in a big country because They wanted to declare war on the US and then surrender and then get financial aid from around the world. Right. That's right. Because their, their economy was In trouble but they ended up winning or something. I don't remember. Wasn't that it? He opened an embassy in Washington for a mythical country. Yeah. Nice. Speaking of by the way, I finally saw Dr. Strange Love. Oh really? Great movie. One of the best. It's up there for sure. Oh Man. One of the best Satires, let's say. It is a great movie.


Great movie. And Peter Seller's man just, He did great. But also, I mean like George C. Scott was amazing as Well. He was amazing. And the guy, I can't remember his name that played the, the colonel or whatever. The one who lost his marbles. Yeah. Yeah. He was good. He was so good. Everybody was Slim. Slim Chills or Slim Pickens. Slim Pickens. Slim Chills. Yeah. Know there's Chill. Chill. Wills was another like what country Western actor. Chill Wills I think is his name. Chill Wills. You'd recognize him If you saw his face. Okay. Chill Wills. Alright. Of course. Chill Wills makes an appearance in the How Publicists works episode.


You got Anything else? No, I got nothing else. Thank goodness. If you wanna know more about publicists, you can type this word in the search bar@howstuffworks.com. And I said search parts was time for listener mail. I did have one more thing. What Was it? That movie America's Sweethearts. Did you ever see that with John Cusack? And I know what you're talking about. Billy Crystal was played a publicist to a Pain in the Butt Hollywood couple. Oh best, best portrayal of a publicist was on Seinfeld. The mom from that seventies show, remember she played Seinfeld's publicist. Oh she Was? Yeah. She tried to get the airline pilot kicked out of Jerry's show and he ended up getting kicked off with a, I think it's the one where Kramer's at JFK or LaGuardia, he is making bets on arrivals and he ends up using the son of Sam mailbag as collateral.


Right. Great episode. But the mom from that seventies show played Jerry's publicist Kitty. Yeah. Who was also in friends. What was she in friends? She played Phoebe's half brother Giovanni Ribisi played his girlfriend or wife. Oh Yeah. Which is a weird like mismatch couple. That's odd. And I think they were, they got her to be a surrogate for them. Okay. When Lisa Kudrow got pregnant in real life, I think that's how they handled it. We have Watched a lot of tv. All right, I'm gonna call this one. We were actually right and this lady was nice at a dinner party.


How's that for subject line? Okay. Hey guys, have a little story. I was at a small dinner party where the host was making his own sea salt. The topic about, it's one of those dinner parties, the topic of kosher salt came up. So I dropped a fact from your salt episode that kosher salt is actually just salt used for drawing blood out of meat to make it kosher, not salt. Blessed by a rabbi and a fellow guest disagreed, to which I responded, I'm quite sure about this. The host then said, raise your hand if you're Jewish. And the guy that disputed me raised his hand, felt rather embarrassed while he explained to me what kosher means. And that salt also goes through the same kosher process. They'll never explain how I backed down and didn't try to defend the fact that I just told.


It's not that I doubted you guys though. I jokingly said I'd write an email to complain, but it's because appeal is disrespectful to correct someone on their own heritage. Good move. Yeah. I also didn't want to start any petty debate with someone at someone else's dinner party. Also a good move. So I decided to take in the embarrassment while he was explaining what kosher is and at the same time eating his plate of pasta with chorizo. Hope you find this amusing. Please keep up the good work. If you read it on the show, please give a shout out to my friend Amber who introduced me to the show. And that is from Chloe to say, So wait a minute, Chuck. Were we right? And the the guy was wronged. We Were right. The Jewish guy was wrong. 'cause I looked it up today just to be sure.


Yeah. And apparently kosher salt is kosher because in fact they said it should be called kosher salt. Yeah. Yeah. Because it's used to make things kosher. It's not the salt itself that's kosher. It would've kept Chloe out of that kind of situation. Chloe, it sounds like you have a lot of tact and dignity. Yes. And it sounds, Congratulations on that, it Sounds like. Yeah. But guy's, a bit of Blowhard. I'm not ruining the dinner party. So that is from Chloe in Sydney, Australia. Thank you. If you wanna get in touch with us, we want to hear about all of your misadventures out there based on Stuff You Should Know. You can send us an email to stuff podcast@howstuffworks.com. And as always, Join us at our home on the web Stuff You Should Know.


Dot com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If anyone's ever said you snore loudly or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


This Podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindi at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine nine nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with auto paid plus taxes and fees for 36 months plus $800. Trade in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% a PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung. Trade in and additional terms apply.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.