
State Farm DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up. But not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network,


brought To you by the Capital One Venture. X Card. Earn unlimited two x miles on everything you buy and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus, receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel. Unlock a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X Card. What's in your wallet terms, apply lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.


Hi everybody. Chuck here. I hope you're all having some cereal or toaster pastries or maybe a bagel, maybe an egg sandwich. Maybe some overnight oats, maybe some, some bacon, maybe some back bacon maybe. It depends on where you are in the world, what kind of bacon you're eating. 'cause we all call it bacon And. it means a different thing wherever you are. At any rate, I hope you're enjoying some breakfast and You Should. Listen to this episode while you eat breakfast from February 22nd, 2018. Rosa Parks Colon Agent of Change. What a great woman in American history.


Welcome to Stuff. You Should Know A. production of iHeartRadio A Hey. and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark. There's Charles w Chuck Bryant. There's Jerry over there. So it's Stuff You. Should Know. The podcast Clean studio version. I Know it feels a little weird in here. Like, like it's too good for us or something. You know what I mean? Yeah. Just so you folks know Jerry test a couple of the editor engineers here with coming in and cleaning up the pile of spaghetti that used to flow from the back of her workstation.


Nice. Not that it was Jerry's fault, and she said, clean up my mess. Well, she clapped twice in rapid secession. Well, they know what that means, right? The whole op I mean Snap to it. Looks good though. It does. But now we actually have room to put stuff, so we should put some stuff in here. I agree. It's a little bear A papas on right there. That'd be nice. I don't know, huh? Well, we could fit a small papa design. Most people don't realize, but this place is lousy with Ikea lamps. I mean everywhere. Yeah. And like the cheapest ones, like they're one of them's on fire right now. Yeah, that one. Oh yeah. Smoldering. Smoldering. Still fire Chuck. Speaking of fire.


Yes. You wanna know somebody who had some fire in her more than most people realize. Yeah. Rosa Parks. Yeah. Who is now one of my all time heroes because before the Rosa Parks I knew, again, it was like the Harriet Tubman episode. Right. Learned about her in school. She was a great American. Respect her, revere her. Here's why she didn't give up her seat on the bus. No. Yeah. Like not only is that like, just the tip of the iceberg. It, it wasn't until about the last five or so years, I think no. About last four years, that like a full picture of this woman and who she was and like what she stood for and what drove her emerged not just to the public in general, but to, to historians even.


'cause her personal papers were basically held up in auction for years and years and years. And now, now that they've been donated for 10, like 10 years to the Library of Congress. Yeah. We're starting to get a clear picture of her. And she was even more worth revering than, than people knew before. Yeah. I mean, I think the, what the story isn't is Rosa Parks was just a quiet lady who was super tired on the bus one day. Yeah. So she didn't want to get up. Her dogs were yapping. Yeah. Not true. And she even makes a point in her personal papers saying, I was 42 years old, I was no more tired than I was after any day at work.


Right. but I, what I was tired of was being told to get up by a white bus driver to make room for a white passenger. Right. I was not, my dogs weren't barking. Right. So she, she, I think one of the reasons why she was kind of whittled down into this, this woman who was just tired and wasn't going to give up her seat. 'cause she shouldn't have had to in the first place. And then she was a very meek, quiet person. Also is another way that she was drawn. Yeah. I think one of the reasons why she was whittled into that package was because she became an icon for the Civil rights movement. Yeah. And one of the things that the civil rights movement had to do for better or worse, was to get the establishment both white and black on the side of the Civil rights movement, which was a movement of agitation and If.


you agitated at the time. This is the Jim Crow era. Yeah. That meant trouble. This wasn't like, just trouble, like people are gonna yell at you on Twitter. This was trouble. Like the, the cops might arrest you for some made up infraction and then beat and rape you on the way to the jail and then you would end up in the prison system kind of trouble. Like this is the kind of trouble that a woman who refused to give up her seat on the bus faced it at this time. So the idea of taking a woman who was I guess palatable to as many people as possible. Right. And, and saying, look at this woman, we need to protect this woman's rights and do what's right. I think that's why she got kinda whittled down into that.


But If you looking back now, historically she, there was so much more to her than, than just that. And she was certainly not meek and mild. Yeah. I mean, distilling the story down for school books is, is one thing. But like I'm glad now that people can get a more robust picture. Yeah. So a lot of this comes from a website called Great black heroes.com had a really good lengthy article. And then also I want to shout out a book series called Little People Big Dreams. And it's a kid's book series that we've been reading to my daughter. In fact, it's kind of all she wants to read right now. And they are on great women in history and kind of brutally honest for to be reading to kids.


But they didn't, it's kind of cool. They weren't, they didn't whitewash anything. Right. It's sort of like Maya Angel was not treated well by white people. Right. Like, you read that to your kid and Rosa Parks is one. And then there's Frida Kahlo, Coco Chanel, Amelia Earhart, Mary Curie, Agatha Christie and more. But, But it's pretty brutal. Like they draw Amelia Earhart's skeleton on the beach. Kind of Brutal. You know what? That's the only one we haven't gotten to yet because every night it's read Frida, read Frida. Oh really? But it's literally like Frida Kahlo is lying in the street after she gets hit by a, a taxi and she's bloody and her legs don't work again after that.


So I mean it's pretty brutal stuff. but I don't know. It's kinda cool. Like kids can read the stuff and digest it, I think. Sure. It's a good way to begin them on the path toward true stories And to sharpen 'em to like a razor's edge at a young age. You know, look out for Taxis. Yeah. That's good. You know, that's good advice at any age. Alright, so Rosa Parks, let's go back to where she was born in Tuskegee, Alabama on February 4th, 1913 to, well, she was born Rosa Louise McCauley to James and Lenora McCauley, who were a carpenter and school teacher respectively. Right. Her parents split I guess she, I don't know how old she was, I, guess she was younger than six.


But her father went to go look for work up north and her mom wanted to stay in the south. So she and her mom and her brother moved in with her mother's parents. Her grandparents and her grandfather played a really distinct role in shaping her. 'cause she moved in with them when she was, like I said, around six. Yeah. And at the time in this place, pine level, which is outside of Montgomery, Alabama, there was a lot of clan violence, a lot of violence against blacks in the hands of the Ku Klux Klan. Yeah. And her grandfather was not having it. He was actually, he was the son of a slave woman and a slave owner.


So he was, I believe, half white. He was, he was a slave himself. He had an owner at a young age who really brutally mistreated him, tried to starve him for a little bit. And her grandfather developed what she called an, a very intense, passionate hatred for white people. And definitely in part of that, to his daughters and his granddaughter, grandchildren, wouldn't let his grandchildren play with white kids. Didn't let his daughters work for white families. He was very much And, it sounds like, pretty well founded a against white people. And definitely some of that rubbed off on Rose at the very least, her eyes were opened to just how unjust the system was at the time when she was growing up.


Well, yeah. And just, it wasn't even just through his eyes, like she went to a segregated school that she had to walk to. Right. White students were picked up and bused to the school. She went to an elementary school called the Montgomery Industrial School for Girls, a very cool school. It was created by some northern white northerners to basically try and foster education in these more rural black communities in the south. And that didn't go over well, educating kids. So that school was burned down twice. And then couple that with all the, you know, influence from her grandfather And. It's no surprise that Rosa Parks from a very, very early age was, was an activist.


Yep. So, and being an activist we're talking like from age six onward. Right. So it, she dropped outta school, which would've been a huge turning point. She had to take care of her grandmother. And then I think her mom later on, 'cause they both fell ill. And she met, I think at age 17 or 18, and then later on at age 19, married her husband Raymond Parks. And he encouraged her to go back and finish school. And she did And. it was a huge move because she was very much meant to be an educated person. Yeah. So the fact that she, she met Raymond was a huge influence in that respect.


He was also a big influence on her because she said that he was the first activist, like real activist that she ever met. And I believe this was even before the NAACP was in town. This guy was like a grassroots activist. And he and his group were basically armed. Do you remember in the Black Panthers episode where Oh yeah. Like the whole idea of arming yourself came out of the south. Yeah. Though this guy was like, Raymond Parks was one of the, the real deal people who originated that. And he, and the group of activists that he, he met with would, they would all come to the house and everyone would have a gun.


And apparently Rosa Parks said sometimes there were so many guns on the table that she didn't have any place to set the refreshments during these meetings. Yeah. But these meetings weren't like, you know, how are we gonna get white people back? It was, how are we gonna protect like the Scottsboro boys from false rape, rape accusations? He was a, he was an a early pre NAACP activist in Montgomery. Yeah. And later on was a member of the naacp. We should do a show on the Scottsboro Boys at some point. Yeah. It's too much to get into here. But the short version is a, a, a group of black men on a train were accused of rape by two white women who just made up this story basically.


Yeah. Went to trial a few times and well, you know what, we'll we'll save the outcome. Okay. 'cause there are all kinds of outcomes because it went to trial so many times. So she did finish high school and she became involved along with her husband in the Montgomery chapter of the naacp and worked as their secretary for 14 years. So not only was she an activist, but she was involved in, in service of these organizations. Like she worked for them. Like, whatever you need done, I will do. And anyone who's ever volunteered, like knows that I guess foot soldiers, for lack of a better term, are some of the most important people to, like in the Black Panthers episode when, you know, the, the women didn't get nearly the recognition.


They, they should have gotten right for just keeping that organization running on time. So, but she was more than a volunteer though. She had some really, some jobs with some real gravity. Like she was a, an investigator of sexual assault of black women by white men, which is a very dangerous thing to do because you're going to like interview witnesses to crimes that aren't being prosecuted because they're perpetrated by white people. She was a justice for prisoner advocate. She did a lot of like, really important stuff. And as she was doing this stuff as the secretary for the local NA naacp, she was also making contacts that would later become really important in this nascent civil rights movement that largely grew outta the Montgomery Bus boycott.


We're gonna talk about, I had no idea how big of a, an event it was. I knew it was bus big, but I didn't realize like how far reaching the effects of it were. Oh, yeah. And this, another kind of important thing happened to her as far as integration goes, is she got a job type job at Maxwell Air Force Base for a little while, which, because it was a federal institution, was integrated. And this was the first time that she had, first time she had worked in a, or basically been in a professional integrated atmosphere. Right. And that, along with the Highlander Folk School, which is maybe we should do a show on that too.


In 1955, she went to a meeting, a workshop at the Highlander Folk School. And this is in the hills of Tennessee And. it is still open today as the Highlander Research and Education Center. Not in that original building, but it was just this great folk school where they prepared kids for activism, workers, tried to get people involved in civil rights. And she actually got sponsored by the white couple that she worked for to go to these meetings at, at in Monte Eagle, Tennessee. So, and that Maxwell Air Force basically mentioned, one of the things she later said, I think they found in her papers was a description of like, because it was an integrated base, the bus service on base was integrated as well.


Yeah. So she would be riding next to like a, a white friend on the bus on base. And then once they would get off of the bus on base and get onto a city bus, they would have to stop their conversation and get into the different sections, the white section and the colored section. And that was just the reality of it. And one thing that has really come through from her papers is that she made a conscious decision to, to never normalize that. Yeah. To not be like, well that's just how it is. Yeah. That's just life. That she would never let herself do that. Instead it was, this is, this is messed up. This has to be changed.


She was able to get through her her day with this knowledge, but she was never like, this is normal or this is okay. Yeah. I mean, she said it required, I think the quote was a lot of mental gymnastics just to survive day to day as a black person in America. Right. So in other words, yeah. Not accept it and do everything I can to wrap my head around what I can do moving forward. Right. Should we take a break? Yeah, Man. I think so. All right. Take a break and we'll come back and we will start on December 1st, 1955. Very important day,


State Farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down. Right. And also, as I did with repairing my credit, you know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me. You know, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment, get, you know, my first car under my name, then eventually buy my own home. Like, these are all things that are possible for all of us. We just have to educate ourselves and put in some of the hard work that it takes to unlearn bad practices we might have, you know, inherited from our family. And then also educate ourselves on the things that we don't know. You know, the information that wasn't passed down to us because our, our parents weren't educated on these things. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast. Network.


You know, elevating your grocery shopping on a budget is as easy as 1, 2, 3, 1. You can check out the weekly sales@wholefoodsmarket.com. It gets refreshed every Wednesday. So you always know where the savings are. Two, you can look for 365 by Whole Foods Market items throughout the store. Their store brand has all the quality you expect from Whole Foods at prices your wallet will love. And then three, just walk the store and look for those little yellow signs that mention low price. There are so many ways to save at Whole Foods market. And now, you know,


Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations. From pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a renewed commitment to progress. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of trucks in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out the ultra rugged new Tacoma built for off-road adventure or everyday practicality or test drive a heavy duty half ton tundra decked out with modern tech and comfort with a haul anything attitude. And both Tacoma and Tundra are available with the I Force Max Hybrid powertrain giving your truck more power than ever before. Quality, reliability, efficiency, that's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Heads up folks, interest rates are falling, but as of September 23rd, 2024, you can still lock in a 6% or higher yield with a bond account@public.com. That's a pretty big deal because when rates drop, so can the interest you earn on your cash. A bond account allows you to lock in a 6% or higher yield with a diversified portfolio of high yield and investment grade corporate bonds. So while other people are watching their returns shrink, you can sit back with regular interest payments. But you might wanna act fast because your yield is not locked in until you invest the good news. It only takes a couple of minutes to sign up@public.com. Lock in a 6% or higher yield with a bond account only@public.com. Brought to you by public investing member finra. SIPC yield to worst is not guaranteed, not an investment recommendation. All investing involves risk. Visit public.com/disclosure/bond-account for more info.


All right, so it's December 1st, 1955. Rosa Parks is working as a seamstress at the time at a department store. She gets off work like she does every day. And boards bus 28, 57 Cleveland Avenue bus at about six o'clock. And here's the deal with the buses at the time is there were a certain amount of rows set aside for white people and then there was a sign that said, you know, black people, or they probably said colored people back then Yeah. Can sit from here back, but that sign could move. So as more white people get on the bus, the bus driver gets up and moves that sign back and says, alright black folks, you gotta get up, get outta your seats because now the white section is here and just keep doing that until os sensibly the entire bus could be full of white people and they just say, sorry, you all have to get off.


Right? Yeah. You either had to get up and move your seat if there were not seats left, you had to stand. If there was no standing room, you had to get off the bus. Right. And then if the bus you were getting on If, you were African American. If the white section was already full, you had to get into the front of the bus pay, get off of the bus and get onto that back door. Yeah. You Couldn't even walk through the white section. Right. And then you, you know, you could take your seat in the colored section. So there was a lot going on here. At least half of this law was unwritten custom. Right, right. The local ordinance in Montgomery, Alabama said that buses had to be segregated.


There was a white section and there was a colored section. They put it right. All that stuff about moving the sign about getting up and like having to leave the bus if there wasn't any standing room for you if more white people came on. Yeah. All of that was just customary. That was not law, that was not the local ordinance, but it was so practiced on a daily basis that it might as well have been the law. For sure. And that's really all that matters is if the everyone was playing ball, that's what was gonna happen. Yeah. Because like the, the courts would even prosecute as If. you had broken the law. Right. If, you had not actually broken the law, but it broken this custom. So Yeah. For all intents and purposes it was the law.


So the driver of that bus was one James Blake and Rosa had, well she had a long memory and a previous incident with Mr. Blake, 12 years previous in 1943, she had paid her fair. And like you were talking about with the fact that they couldn't even walk through the white section. He said, you gotta get off the bus, go around to the back force her, well, she had already gotten on and said, no, you gotta reenter on the rear. She got out and he was like, psych closed the door and drove off. Right. With her bus pair. Right. Yeah. She had already paid. Yeah. That was the 1943 incident. Right. And she remembered 12 years later Sure. Who James Blake was. I would probably not forget that bus driver either.


Of course not. So on, on this day, she got on and she took her seat in the colored section. And when she sat down again, she was behind the sign. And I guess after a couple of stops, and think about this man, imagine riding the bus and say you have like seven stops. Think about that pit that would be in your stomach on a daily basis. Like, am I gonna have to get up? Right? Am I gonna have to be humiliated? Am I gonna have to give up my seat to a white person? Because even if somebody who was told that they had to get up because a white person needed to sit there, even if they just kind of quietly complied that that doesn't, that doesn't get the point across how they were feeling Right.


Then anybody would be humiliated by that. And I, I read that one of the reasons why buses, not just in Montgomery, but throughout the segregated south, they were kind of flashpoints because they were, people were in such close quarters. It was the racism was right up in your face. Oh yeah. In front of a bunch of other people. So the humiliation was even more pronounced. Right. So, so Rosa Park gets on the bus, she takes her seat in the colored section, and after a few stops, some white people got on and the, the driver, James Blake said that it was time for them to move that these white people needed a seat and he was moving the, the sign back at at least one row.


Yeah. So at this point, there's one white dude left without a seat. So as is custom, he made four black folks get out of their two seats on that row. Everyone had to move back 'cause there had to be a whole new white row just for this one guy. Right. Three of the passengers got up and moved. Rosa Parks just slid over to the window seat and sat there and he said, are you gonna get up? And she said, no, I'm not. He said, well, If, you don't stand up. I'm gonna have to call the police and have you arrested. And she said, you may do that, It's awesome. I know, man. I mean just so brave. And so the police did come, she was arrested, she was booked, charged with dis disorderly conduct and bailed out by Clifford Dur and Edgar Nixon who were the local president of the, the chapter of the NAACP at the time.


Right. So, So she's out at least temporarily Yeah. The next evening. So she spent the night in jail. I don't, I didn't run across any, any statements or any kind of evidence that she was like physically mistreated or verbally abused by the police. But that, that seems to be unusual for people who were arrested for not giving up their seats on the bus. What? That she was not mistreated. Right. Yeah. I mean, I'm sure they didn't throw out the welcome mat. No. You know. No. But there, well this is actually, this is noteworthy here. Do you wanna talk about how she was not the first person that year, not the first woman to have been arrested for not giving up her seat on the bus.


Yeah, sure. This is something I didn't realize, and I think a lot of people didn't realize this, but there were at least two other women in Montgomery who were arrested that same year. One was Claudette Colvin. She was 15 at the time. Yeah. Wasn't she pregnant too? She got pregnant afterward. Oh, okay. But she was 15 and she, in March, was arrested for not giving up her seat on the bus. She said at the time she was scared to death, but she fell on one side. Sojourner Truth was holding her down. And on the other side, Harriet Tubman was holding her down and she was not about to get up. So they, they took her off the bus and arrested her.


And apparently she was ridiculed and treated rather roughly. There was another woman, her name was Mary Louise Smith. I believe she was 18 at the time. She had been arrested like in October for the same thing. I didn't get the impression that she was necessarily treated Roughly. Yeah. But, but Rosa Parks, when she was arrested, from what I can tell, she was treated like the, the, with the respect that would be afforded to a middle class black woman at the time in Montgomery, Alabama. Which is to say with maybe the slightest measure of respect, which is to say she wasn't beaten Right on the way to to jail, There's a book, by the way, called Claudette Colvin Colon Twice toward Justice from Phil whos or whos, and I think a lot of people these days are trying to shine a little light on some of the lesser known figures of the civil rights movement and books are being written and stuff like that, which is pretty awesome.


And she, she was asked, Claudette Colvin was asked like, why, why does she think it was Rosa Parks and not her? And she had a whole list of reasons. And all of 'em are pretty legitimate that, you know, Rosa Parks was a, a very, again, a palatable person to a large swath of people and more of the point. She was also 15 and the NAACP didn't think that a 15-year-old was gonna be the most reliable icon to kind of project into the national forefront. Yeah. Not to say that a lot of people have said over the years that it was staged. So because they set Rosa Parks up or not set her up, but they, they picked her to do this because she was palatable. Right. They stage this whole thing to make, which, you know, would've been fine if that's the way you want to kickstart the bus boycott.


But from all accounts, it was a, in the moment decision, she said, I didn't know that I was right. Gonna get arrested, didn't know I was gonna sit down. Yeah. It's just something that happened. And so, so on the one hand, the people who say that no, this was staged the NAACP and even before the NAACP was around buses had been like a target of black activists in Montgomery in particular for decades. I think the first bus boycott was in 1900 And. it wasn't even a bus, it was a trolley line. Yeah. Is what was boycotted. So she, and and having already been the secretary of the NAACP and an activist herself for years, by then, she must have been fully aware of the potential outcome.


Yeah. Which proved to be the actual outcome from her arrest for not giving up her seat. But the idea of saying that this was all staged, it does a couple of things. It's almost like a casually racist way of just kind of diminishing it because it, it does two things. One, it takes away her bravery because if, if it was sure, if it was staged To make her own decision, She had support the whole time Yeah. Would've, it would've taken away a measure of, of fear. And then secondly, it also makes the NAACP look kind of sneaky. Like there's socially engineering stuff and then pretending like that's not the case. So I, I think by saying like, no, this was staged. It, it really undermines the reality of the situation, which is that this brave woman said she'd had enough.


Yeah. And you're right. She probably, it probably occurred to her the ramifications of this. But surely I bet you anything in the moment, she was just like, Nope, nope. Not getting up. That's what I understand. That's what she's always said. Yeah. So here's what happened from there. She was arrested, like I said, she gets out on bail. Over that weekend a bunch of churches got together and they started talking boycott on the winter trial comes around, there's a group called the Women's Political Council, and they handed out 35,000 handbills that basically said, please, children, grownups don't ride the bus at all on Monday.


Please stay off the buses on Monday. Let's really try and make a difference here. Because it was, I think at the time, black people made up 75% of the passengers. Yeah. So it, it could have a real impact on like the finances of the bus company. Yeah. And, it just started out as a boycott for one day for the Monday following Rosa Parks arrest, which was the, happened on a Thursday and they were just gonna do it for one day. But the, the success of it was so surprising. I think they were hoping for like 50% reduction. It turned out I saw both 90 and 99% reduction in ridership by African Americans that day.


Right. And If, they make up 75%. That's a big loss Yeah. For the city bus line. Right. For sure. So it was such a success that they said, well let's maybe let's keep this going and see what we can do with this. Because initially the demands of the, the Montgomery bus boycott of 1955 was that one of them was black, black riders be treated with re courtesy. Yeah. Pretty low hanging request. Another one was that the, the seats be given on a first come first serve basis, which was the law. Yeah. And that black people sit from back to front. White people sit from front to back. So they were still saying like, we can keep the segregation.


Right. But, but people shouldn't have to give up their seats. Right. And then the last one was they wanted black bus drivers to be hired to drive the predominantly African-American routes. Right. So that, that you didn't have to deal with an armed James Blake Yeah. An armed white bus driver. 'cause they were armed and they had basically police powers to enforce segregation on the bus. So the original boycott thing, their demands were not extraordinarily radical. And when the boycott was a success on that first Monday, they decided to extend it. And they also decided maybe they should expand their demands a little more. So while all this is going on, she was, she was found guilty on that Monday, she was fined 10 bucks plus court costs of $4 for $14 total.


And said, Nope, I'm gonna appeal this conviction. She challenged the, basically she was, what she was challenging was segregation in general, not being constitutional. Right. And that ended up being the argument that was, well, we'll get to the court case and how it escalated, but she was found guilty. And the other notable thing that happened was one Ralph David Abernathy and Dr. Martin Luther King, who was a young minister in town of Dexter Avenue Baptist, he was elected president of what was called the MIA, the Montgomery Improvement Association, which they formed because the, the success of the boycott.


Right. So you have this new organization, then about a month later, month and a half at the end of January, Martin Luther King's home was bombed. Everyone was unharmed in the incident, but it really ramped up the stakes of what was going on. Yeah. Well, for sure. And the, they, the, apparently the Montgomery Improvement Association is credited with making the boycott successful. And the way that they made it successful was through a carpool. They set up, they bought a bunch of station wagons and put them in the name of some of the black churches in town. And these, these station wagons would basically recreate the bus routes.


Yeah. They drove pre predetermined routes and they were, they were giving like 20,000 people a ride every day. That's how successful this was. And they put such a crimp in the, the, the finances of the city bus line that a couple of things happened. One, they had to lay off workers, close down lines, raise their fares. Like it really hurt the city bus lines. And then secondly, the city, and I believe maybe even the state sued the mo the Montgomery Improvement Association for in, for this boycott, which was apparently illegal under, in 1921 Alabama law.


Yeah. They, they sued against the car service specifically saying that the, the bus company had an exclusive franchise. Right. And they did get an injunction in November of 1956. But all of this comes out of the fact that in like 30 something years earlier in 1921, Alabama passed an anti boycott act. Right. Which basically said that it's, it's illegal for you to not ride the bus in this case, In that case. Sure. Or at least organize people and get them to not ride the bus. Yeah. It was something like, it was a misdemeanor to organize against somebody carrying out lawful business or whatever.


So they were getting 'em on two things, the boycott and then in infringing on the bus lines franchise in that city. Right. Right. So what do you do If, you are suing, or I'm sorry if you're If, you have an anti boycott act. I mean you can't arrest everyone. So they go after, I think 89 Martin Luther King Jr. And 89 other, other members of the MIA and obviously because they're the most, I think how many of 'em, 24 of 'em were ministers. They're the most prominent members. And he was fined 500 bucks and spent a couple weeks in jail. Yeah. He said he was very proud of his crime. He should Be. Yeah, sure. So now Martin Luther King ha as appealing.


So you've got a few things going on here. You've got Rosa Parks who has been convicted and now is appealing her, her $10 plus $4 in court costs fine for breaking this city ordinance, even though she didn't, you've got Martin Luther King now who is appealing his $500 fine for the boycott and the infringing on the bus lines franchise. And then you have something else. You have a class action suit called Browder versus Gale And. it was named after, oh, what's her name? The, the woman who's the, the lead plaintiff in the case.


Her name is Aurelia s Browder. And the Gale in the case was the Montgomery, the Montgomery Mayor, I think William Gale. And we'll talk about the, well, let's take a break and we'll talk about this case and we'll, we'll come back to the, the drumbeat of the court system starting to kick in


State Farm DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride. And, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down. Right. And also, as I did with repairing my credit, you know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, you know, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment, get, you know, my first car under my name, then eventually buy my own home. Like, these are all things that are possible for all of us. We just have to educate ourselves and put in some of the hard work that it takes to unlearn bad practices we might have, you know, inherited from our family. And then also educate ourselves on the things that we don't know. You know, the information that wasn't passed down to us because our, our parents weren't educated on these things. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast. Network.


You know, elevating your grocery shopping on a budget is as easy as 1, 2, 3, 1. You can check out the weekly sales@wholefoodsmarket.com. It gets refreshed every Wednesday. So you always know where the savings are. Two, you can look for 365 by Whole Foods Market items throughout the store. Their store brand has all the quality you expect from Whole Foods at prices your wallet will love. And then three, just walk the store and look for those little yellow signs that mention low price. There are so many ways to save at Whole Foods market. And now,


you know,


Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a renewed commitment to progress. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of trucks in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out the ultra rugged new Tacoma built for off-road adventure or everyday practicality or test drive a heavy duty half ton tundra decked out with modern tech and comfort with a haul anything attitude. And both Tacoma and Tundra are available with the I Force Max Hybrid powertrain giving your truck more power than ever before. Quality, reliability, efficiency, that's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Heads up folks, interest rates are falling, but as of September 23rd, 2024, you can still lock in a 6% or higher yield with a bond account@public.com. That's a pretty big deal because when rates drop, so can the interest you earn on your cash. A bond account allows you to lock in a 6% or higher yield with a diversified portfolio of high yield and investment grade corporate bonds. So while other people are watching their returns shrink, you can sit back with regular interest payments. But you might wanna act fast because your yield is not locked in until you invest the good news. It only takes a couple of minutes to sign up@public.com. Lock in a 6% or higher yield with a bond account only@public.com. Brought to you by public investing member Finra. SI PC yield to worst is not guaranteed, not an investment recommendation. All investing involves risk. Visit public.com/disclosure/bond-account for more info.


Alright. So appeals run slow anyway. But in the South, if it's a, if it's a case like this, it's gonna go super slow because the hope from the white establishment is, you know, maybe enough time will goes by, time will go by and these people just sort of get in line and forget about it. Right. Get tired of this boycott and everything will just go back to normal. Yeah. Which is kind of a gamble because this boycott was not showing any signs of cracking. So they were basically making that bet on the back of the city bus line and on the jobs of the, the drivers who were being laid off because ridership was down so low, 381 days, 381 days.


Right. For the boycott. So the, like I said, the, this court, the, the drumbeat of the court system was starting to grow a little bit louder. And you had three big cases, Martin Luther King's case, Rosa Parks case, and you had Brower v Gale and Brower v Gale represented four women, originally five, but four women who had been convicted of, of breaking the law for not giving up their seat on the bus in Montgomery. One of them was Claudette Colvin, another was Mary Louise Smith, I believe. And then Aurelia Browder. And then lastly was Susie McDonald.


Susie McDonald. Right. So these four women got together and sued the mayor, the bus line, a few bus drivers, the City Public Works Commission, just a big group of people. And they were suing to, to all three of those cases were suing to question the constitutionality and the legality of segregation in general. Yeah. But specifically on the bus lines. And there was a, a talk at first by Freddie Gray, who was the lead lawyer in the, in Broder vga that of including Rosa Parks. But he very, very wisely kept her separate from that case.


'cause he said he wanted the courts to just consider one thing, not whether Rosa Parks was guilty or not, but whether the segregation on the Montgomery buses was, was legal and constitutional. Yeah. So he kept those separate very, very smartly. Yeah. I think he knew that he could get this to the Supreme Court this way. It was a test Case and that was his, his ultimate goal. Sure. Because it was a state statute though, and the state constitution of Alabama, it was of course first brought before District court, three judges in US District Court on June 5th, 1956. And they ruled two to one. That segregation was unconstitutional. Of course they cited Brown versus Board of Education as precedent And.


it eventually wound its way to the Supreme Court in 1956 on December 17th. Actually, that was pretty quick. Yeah. Considering Yeah. And they rejected all appeals and voted nine to nothing, nine to zero that it was unconstitutional. Yep. Nine to nothing. Which is I mean. That's really saying something unanimous Supreme Court decision regarding segregation Yeah. In the 1950s. Yeah. So that was a, that was huge. I think Dr. King was in court that day when he was told by a reporter about that decision, the Supreme Court decision. And even after he said, we're, we're keeping up the boycott.


Yeah. 'cause we're, we'll, when they implement this desegregation on the buses, we'll stop the boycott. Right. And after the Supreme Court ruling came through, the city of Montgomery saw pretty clearly that there wasn't any way to keep this up any longer. And I believe within three days the buses were desegregated. And on the first day that they were desegregated, Rosa Parks took her seat on a bus in the front row, I believe. Yeah. They hired black bus drivers. And this is after, by the way, 381 days of, of a total sales loss of 65%. So Yeah. And on the other side, Ralph David Abernathy's home was bombed. Martin Luther Kings home was bombed.


People were in jail, people were in court. It was a big struggle down in Montgomery. Yeah. So on December 21st, Dr. King and his white friend, Reverend Glenn Smiley, sat together on the front row with Ralph David Abernathy Street here in Atlanta. Yeah. Yeah. Named for him, ed Dixon and Fred Gray, the, the attorney that saw that case. Right. So that was a, that was a huge thing. And it did a number of things. It made Rosa Parks an icon. Yeah. It projected Martin Luther King into the national spotlight. That was basically where he first found national fame as. And basically was like, well, this guy's the leader of the Civil Rights movement now And.


it also was a huge domino in the idea of desegregation in general, not just on buses, not just in Montgomery, but the concept it followed in the, in the wake of Plessy v Ferguson, which it was just one of those court cases that said separate facilities is inherently racist because the only reason you would have separate facilities is because you think one group is superior over the other and they shouldn't have to consort or mix. Right. That's inherently unconstitutional. And this was one of those dominoes that fell in that chain that led to desegregation across the Jim Crow South And, it it like a laser, this particular case.


And the, the changes it brought were focused right. Onto Rosa Parks her act, her courage, what she did. Yeah. And this was, this was within our parents' lifetime. I know, I was wondering, I was like, why am I so much more jazzed about this than Harriet Tubman? I love Harriet Tubman's Tubman's story. Yeah. but I remember when I was researching, I wasn't nearly as jazzed and I realized like, I can relate to this woman so much better just because this is pretty, pretty recent, you know? Well, yeah. And, and just the notion that where we are as a country now, racially, this was not that long ago.


So for the, the people in the camp of saying, just get over things, African Americans just get over things. It's like, this was not hundreds and hundreds of years ago. Right. This was very recently. These, like my peers parents had to live through this. Well, one thing, Rosa Parks is now known for. What they didn't realize before is, you know, she, her act and like the civil rights movement that grew out of over like the next 10 years, 15 years, there's this idea that around 1970, there was a button put on that And. it was like, you guys were successful, way to go. We can stop doing this now. Rosa Parks was like, no, no, it's not done.


This hasn't changed up until she died in 2005. She was like, this struggle's still continuing. Yeah. People didn't realize that about her until this collection was opened. Yeah. She, this all came, there was significant cost to her family, to her, her husband. Yeah. Her and her husband both suffered through stomach ulcers because of this. They lost their jobs. Eventually, they left Alabama said, let's go to Virginia. And Virginia wasn't a whole lot better. They said, all right, let's go to Detroit. Kept going north. And then finally, after not having a job for a long time, she was hired as secretary for John Conyers, a brand new brand, newly elected black congressman who she would work for for 23 years.


And Mr. Conyers, you know, he was the one who stepped down last year after sexual assault allegations. Yeah. After serving many, many years in Congress and was a civil rights icon. So it's kinda a very sad ending to that story. Yeah. But Rosa worked for him in 77. Her husband James died of cancer. Her brother died of cancer three months later. Her mom died two years after that. but I get the sense that after that it really, it really kind of freed her to really go back to work and devote herself once again to the cause. Right. Because after those family members passed away, she established the Rosa Parks Scholarship Foundation and the Rosa and Raymond Parks Institute for self-development and wrote two memoirs.


Yeah. She was busy. She was, And then very Sadly. I know, I I remember this in 1994 when she was home invaded and robbed and like hit over the head By a guy named Joseph Skipper. Yeah. Man. That was just like, I mean, are you kidding me with that For 58 bucks Of all the, the houses to accidentally break into. Yeah. What do you think he knew it was Rosa? Parks? I don't know. I don't know. But he, I've seen nothing to indicate that that was true. He knew that, that he would go down as the man who robbed and beat Rosa Parks. Oh, Well, yeah.


So, yeah. I don't, I don't think he was, he, she was targeted because she was Rosa Parks or anything like that. I think she's just a little old lady. The impression I have is, it doesn't matter if she was Rosa Parks or not. Sure. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. So she, that was 94 you said, and then like right afterward, there was a huge national outcry and she moved into like a very secure high rise. Yeah. In Detroit where she lived until she died in 2005. I believe. She died in that apartment 92 years young. And she had a, a slew of honors, unprecedented honors in this country. She was transported her body to Washington DC and she laid in honor under the Rotunda, the US Capitol first woman.


Yep. To get that honor the second African American in the first non-government American ever to have this honor. Yep. Amazing I mean that is a high honor. Yeah. When she died, every flag on public land in the United States and around the world was flown at half mast, which is pretty, pretty great too. Yeah. George W. Bush made sure that happened. And then here's just some of her lifetime achievement awards. NAACP gave her what's called the Spingarn medal in 1979. Their highest honor. She's in the Michigan Woman's Hall of Fame. Martin Luther King Jr. Award, 1980.


You could have just stopped at the Michigan Hall of Fame. Michigan Women's Hall of Fame. Yeah. The Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1996. Congressional Gold. So Michigan Women's Hall of Fame, Congressional Gold Medal. No. Now we're in a contest. Time magazine named her as one of the 20 most influential iconic figures of the 20th century. That's A big one. Okay. And then, yeah, you mentioned George W. Bush ordered half mass flags in 2005. So again, there was this, this idea that she was just a, a tired little old lady who was quietly brave and didn't give up her seat. And she was kinda meek and quiet.


And in 2014, her personal collection, the Rosa Parks collection was sold to the Howard Buffet Foundation. Warren Buffet's son. They bought it for a song at like four and a half million dollars. And it's something like, I think 6,500 documents and 2,500 photographs. And it is her personal papers, like notes for speeches, notes for her books, I believe like correspondence, And, it paints this picture that no one had of her before, which was no, like this lady was an activist. Yeah. Through and through her whole life. She was an activist who wanted to talk about and agitate for the rights of black Americans and how messed up the situation was that they lived in.


And that she wouldn't normalize this. She would, she would learn to, to, to deal with it as much as she needed to while she was working to change it. And. it was just a surprise to a lot of people when they, they cracked open these papers and found that, that picture of her. Yeah. Also wanna shout out article, how history got the Rosa Parks story wrong. And this was written by the same person who wrote the award-winning book, the Rebellious Life of Mrs. Rosa Parks. Her name is Jean Theo Harris. Theo Harris. It's all one word. Yeah, I know. It sounds like it should be hyphenated. It's really easy to say.


But how do you say it? I have no idea. I Know, I know. But she's professor. Professor of poli sci at Brooklyn College of CUNY. Yep. Man. Great lady. Yep. So If, you wanna know more about Rosa Parks? Go out on the internet. Educate Yourself. I still Haven't seen that movie. Have you seen that? No. The about the bus boycott? No I mean it. It was a significant event. I had no idea. Okay. Well I think I said go search stuff in there somewhere. So that means it's time for Listener mail. I'm gonna call this. Oh, tiny things.


Alright. Hey guys. Lemme start off by saying enjoyed the podcast very much. Fine. Aside from being interesting and entertaining, it very much helps my time in the car. We get that a lot. Sure. Commute Helped. People would go insane if it weren't for us. Several episodes ago, I believe Chuck mentioned that you love tiny things. I do. Josh likes things that are grossly oversized. That giant Pocket watch over there. Yeah. It's kind of a pain. I'm wearing it like play flight. He mentioned loving tiny things. There's something extraordinarily satisfying about them. I agree. I love tiny things. Would be remiss if I did not bring, bring you to the Museum of Jurassic Technology.


I love that place. I know I've been there too. It's in Los Angeles. They're not one but two fantastic exhibits of tiny things. The Eye of the Needle in micro mosaics. I don't think I saw those. Did you? The tiny thing I remember was like the dioramas of the trailers. Hmm. And the Eye of the Needle. I remember that. Oh yeah. Yeah. I don't remember the micro mosaics though. I haven't been in many years though. Yeah. Same eye of the needle features. Delightful. Whimsical, miniature sculptures. Actually small enough to fit into the eye of a needle. Oh, Well there you go. That's a little too small for me. Okay, so you like, so you like I like the tiny Tabasco bottles that you get in miniature. You like to feel like you're a giant, not like a God.


Yeah. Gotcha. Exactly. I just wanna be taller. The micro mosaics exhibit also requires magnifying glass to enjoy. However beautiful. This exhibit has a slightly creepy aspect to it. The tiny mosaic pieces are in fact bits of butterfly wings. Yeah. That's not too creepy. Well, I mean Did they kill the butterflies? Depends, yeah. How'd they come across those wings? Whether they rogue kill? If so, that's fine. Yeah, what a job. I know. Go out and just try and find dead butterflies. Yeah. All in all these exhibits have a wonderful field of magic realism. Museum also features a lovely rooftop garden as well as a meditative tea room to enjoy a complimentary cup of tea.


Interesting. That is all guys. Cheers from Sandra Williams. Thanks a lot for the shout out, Sandra. That is indeed a great place. If you're ever in Los Angeles, everybody go check out the Museum of Jurassic Technology. Just go in with your mind open and thank us later. Yeah. Get outta Ripley's. Believe it or not, We'll go to both, you know? Sure. I said Get outta Ripley's. Believe it Or not. Okay. Yeah. But I mean Jack Palance man. How do you, how do you pass that out? But I don't get it. Remember he was the, the host of the TV show. Oh, was he? Or not? Yeah, my brother worked with him on City Slickers too. Gotcha. And there was one story where, you know, he's kind of old at the time where Scott as the ad is to walk him, second ad is to walk the talent to the set from their trailer And.


it was up through the desert, the Rocky Desert. And Scott was like, you know, look out for that rock, Mr. Palant or something like that. And one day he was just like, I don't need you to tell me how to walk. Nice. And Scott like shrank down. Of course. Yeah. I can't remember if that's exactly what he said, but, But I'll bet, I'll bet. Jack Pal felt so bad for yelling at Scott of all people. I doubt it. You know, it's Scott. He, he didn't delight in Scott like everyone else does. He's Jack pal. Yeah. Well, If, you want to tell us how great you think Scott is? You can send us all an email, including Jerry to stuff podcast@howstuffworks.com. And as always, join us at our home on the web Stuff You Should Know dot com.


Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing member FINRA s not a bank. See public dotcom slash disclosures for more.


Hey, it's Erin Andrews from Calm Down with Aaron and Karissa. So we often think of facials as a luxury, but what if they're a necessity for healthy skin? That's why we love Hand and Stone Massage and Facial Spa, the number one facial provider in the world. They also offer a range of massage therapies for relaxation and tension relief from hot stone to deep tissue treatments, ensuring overall wellbeing. Well, just like skincare routines, a massage isn't one size fits all. That's what I got when I went in for a massage at Hand and Stone. A unique experience tailored perfectly to exactly what I need, especially during my crazy travel schedule during football season. So book your introductory facial today@handandstone.com. All you gotta do is use code, calm down at checkout on hand and stone.com or in the spa before the end of the year, 12 31 20 24.


Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. And with each innovation, a commitment to progress, and with a legendary lineup of in stock trucks, including the ultra rugged, new Tacoma and heavy duty half ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.