
Brought to you by the Capital One Venture X Card. Earn unlimited two x miles on everything you buy and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus, receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel. Unlock a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X Card. What's in your wallet terms, Apply Lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.


Take your holiday hosting from last minute to just in time. Discover how convenient shopping IKEA can be with their variety of delivery and pick up services. Try, click and collect for an easier way to grab your holiday favorites. Let IKEA handle the heavy lifting with their affordable delivery options to simplify your shopping. Enjoy more ways to shop Ikea with click and collect and small order shipping. Discover hassle-free solutions this season and celebrate the holidays your way with ikea. Discover how convenient shopping IKEA can be. Shop now.


Hey everyone, it's me, Josh, and for this week's SYSK Selects, I've chosen our episode on the Texas City disaster in Texas. They do everything bigger, including industrial disasters. In this episode from March of 2021, we cover one of the biggest explosions in American history made up of not one, but two huge blasts that leveled the refinery. Poor town of Texas City. I hope you find this one as riveting as we did. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio you.


Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark, and there's Charles w Chuck Bryant, and there's Jerry over there. And this is Stuff You Should Know. I was about to say Natural Disaster Edition, but Unnatural Disaster Edition Industrial Disaster is what they call these. Yeah. Human caused. In fact, from what I saw, what we're going to talk about today, the main thing we're talking about today is the largest industrial disaster in United States history. Still. Oh, still. Huh? Yes. What? Wow. 70, almost 75 years on, Man. It's sad. This is a big one.


Yeah. Everything about this was really big, but in basically all the wrong ways, right? We're gonna talk today about a disaster called the Texas City Explosion. And sadly you might say which one, because there's been multiple massive explosions in Texas City. And one of the reasons why is because Texas City is, has made a name for itself as one of the premier petrochemical ports in the United States, and indeed possibly the world. I think it was up until World War ii, it was like the fourth largest port in Texas. But I think since World War ii, it's grown even more.


And I know for a little while there, BP had a refinery that was its most profitable oil refinery in the world, which is really saying something. I mean, that's a big deal. BP's an enormous company with multiple refineries. So, you know, for the, the biggest one, the most profitable one to be in Texas City, it kind of put Texas City on the map in some circles. Yeah. So Texas City is above the Gulf of Mexico. And like you said, it's a port town founded in the late 18 hundreds by some Minnesota hunters. And they said, you know what? I think we can set up shop here. I think we can dig up a canal. Set up a rail line. Yeah. We've got some really good deep water and we Could be a good shipping port.


And I wanna know how they, like what, what conversation led to that? Like what, what hunting trip ends up in you basically building a port town in a city that's about as far away from your home as you can get in the same country. Yeah. I mean, there were some real go-getters, I guess. Yeah, I guess so. They couldn't just relax and kill animals. Right? God. So that's what happened to Texas City. I mean, that's how it was gonna founded. And it was a, I think refineries, think warehouses and chemical plants, world War II comes around and the military of course says, well, we'll be sort of controlling this area for a while 'cause it's a pretty valuable port for us, and we're gonna ship munitions in and outta here.


World War II comes and goes. And then after the war, about a year and a half after the war, it is run by civilians again. And let's just say that it was a little more of a, a relaxed scene than it was when the military was running a show. Yeah. They, The military ran it like a tight ship, basically. And it, yeah, there's just a big difference between when the military's running a port and when a port's run by just a, a whole bunch of different private companies. You know what I'm saying? Minnesota hunters. Exactly. So that's not to say it was just some loosey goosey place Yeah. Or anything like that. But just comparatively speaking. And one of the, one of the other things that Texas City had going against it on the morning of April 16th, 1947, is that there weren't really a lot of standards and regulations for handling chemicals.


And that we didn't have an enormous grasp on just how chemicals worked at that time. And so all of this, all of these things kind of came together, this kind of slightly lax oversight and just kinda lack much more relaxed attitude toward cargo. And then a lack of awareness about just what kind of dangers, different cargoes pose just kinda set things up for to take a bad turn. Yeah. So on the morning of April 16th, there were three ships docked in the port. There was most notably the SS Grand Camp, which was, it was a, it was a military ship at one point, but I think we gave it to France as like a, Hey, sorry, Europe is kind of destroyed.


Why don't you take this ship and just use it for whatever you want to do? And it was converted to a cargo ship. Yeah. Which is which? It was on the day of April 16th, And it was beside the SS High flyer, And that was beside the third one named after somebody, what was that one? The Robert Keen or the William Keen? Yeah. Oh, wait a minute. Which one was It? Well, it was the Wilson b Keen even better. Right. The Billy Keen, as they called It. Yeah. And I believe all three of those were Liberty ships, right? Yeah. Well, they were World War II ships, and they were, I think the SS high flyer was being fixed at the time, but was still loaded down with stuff, as was the grand camp.


And we'll sort of detail what was in the cargo, because it's all very, very key. Yeah, it's really important. So for five days leading up to April 16th, Steve, do I think that's how you say it, but basically dock hands. I don't know why you wouldn't just say hand, you know, but the stevedores man, I hope I'm saying that correctly, Chuck. They had loaded up the grand camp with 2300 tons of ammonium nitrate fertilizer, and these were in 100 pound paper sacks akin to the kind of sex that you would buy like Portland cement in these days, right? Yeah. There was some other cargo, sisal twine, peanuts, there was some machinery, there was some cotton, there was 16 cases of ammunition, I think like for small arms ammunition, but for the most part it was a lot of ammonium nitrate.


And the same went for the SS high flyer too, which as you said was in the next birth, it was loaded with a thousand tons of ammonium nitrate. And then also very crucially, 2000 tons of sulfur. And all of these were also in those same a hundred pound paper bags. So at the time, like I was saying, people didn't realize like, this is, this is a, it was a big deal that there was that much ammonium nitrate just sitting around in this port at that time. Yeah. It's a, it's a crystal like solid. It's white. A lot of times it's used for nitrogen, for agricultural fertilizer, but If you combine it with fuel oils, it can be very explosive and actually used for that, for like mining and construction and stuff like that.


But it's not like, you know, If you tap the, the side of the bag, it's gonna explode. It's pretty safe as long as it's all in the up and up and it's being stored properly. But if it starts to absorb moisture, then it's sort of like Portland cement again. It, it is just gonna harden to a block. Right. And then if that thing isn't a solid block, it's gonna be just a little bit more volatile and a little bit more dangerous if ignited. Yeah. And I mean, like, it's not even considered flammable as far as I know. And certainly in 1947, it wasn't considered flammable, because If you walked up to some of this, this ammonium nitrate, these pellets and just held the lighter to 'em, they wouldn't catch fire.


That's not really what they do. What they do is they oxidize things. They basically create free radicals, like we talked about in the free radical episode. Yeah. Which sets off like a chain reaction. And because they oxidize, they, they concentrate and condense and produce basically oxygen where it wasn't otherwise present. When, when that that is combined with the fire, it makes a big time fire. So that's bad enough, right? Like If you set them off, like it'll, it'll combust or it'll help something else combust more efficiently and more, more at a higher temperature. But the problem, the big problem with ammonium nitrate is there is a point where it can reach a high enough heat that it itself decays and degrades.


And when that happens, it splits into two gases, nitrous oxide and water vapor, which you're like, well that's, that's great. You know, you just get super duper high off of one and the other one just makes you a little moist. Maybe so, maybe so in small enough amounts. But it, when this happens in a large enough amount, especially when this ammonium nitrate is in one big melted block, the chain reaction can happen much more efficiently. And when those gases are, are produced when the, when the thing decays and separates, they expand really quickly And that produces an explosion. And the, the forces, the, the energy that's released from an explosion of ammonium nitrate, decaying and converting into nitrous oxide and water vapor is monumental like com compared to atomic bomb blasts.


Basically, If you have enough of it, say 2300 tons and a thousand tons in a couple of ships just sitting in port. All right. That's a great place for cliffhanger I think. I think So too. Alright, we'll be right back after this.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy, it's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank guy, what's in your wallet terms apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank Capital One, NA member FDIC.


Hey friends, if you're like me, you don't want just fast internet service. You need it. And believe it or not, there are plenty of places in America where people don't have access. Yeah. And that's why this story is so important. At and t recently completed an at and t fiber buildup to more than 20,000 customer locations in Oldham County, Kentucky. So the entire community now has access to high speed connectivity. Now, you know what high speed internet can do for a regular person, but how about a farmer? Suddenly it's easier to sell cattle, buy, feed research fixes for broken machinery. You get the picture. And you know what, I think that's fascinating. It doesn't matter what you do for a living these days. You need to be connected. Yeah. And now the big part, this isn't just a Kentucky story, at and t is on track to cover more than 30 million locations with fiber by the end of 2025. So those opportunities, Oldham County got connected to well, at and t is bringing them to millions of people across America. And that's good news for everybody. Connecting Changes everything. At and t


Hey everybody, we wanna tell you that Peloton has a variety that will allow you to adapt to any season of life and keep you coming back through changing interest, potential injuries and recoveries. And even just a busy season. Pelotons still going to be there to keep you going each step of the way. That's right. From four weeks strength building classes to running, cycling, and everything in between. Peloton can adapt to any goal and need in this season of your life. Yeah. You can challenge yourself anywhere too with Pelotons all access membership. So you can work out where you need to, like at home on your bike tread or row, or you can take your favorite classes on the go and at the gym with the app. That's right. Peloton has the perfect class for you to sweat in no matter what. So find your push and find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


Hey everybody, we wanna talk to you about our old friends at Squarespace, which is probably the best way you can make your own website, especially if you're running a business because Squarespace payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Yeah. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus your customers are gonna have more ways to pay with all sorts of different payment methods from Klarna to a CH direct deposit to Apple Pay, clear pay in the uk, the list just goes on. That's right. Squarespace also makes it really easy to sell access to content on the website that you build, like online courses, blogs, videos, and memberships. Yeah. You can earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind the paywall. You just simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access and you walk away whistling in happiness. That's Right. So just go to squarespace.com/stuff and when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain. Squarespace.


All right. So this stuff, the cargo arrived by train to Texas City And it was probably already heating up a little bit on this train. Yeah. And maybe already getting to the point where it was a little on, I don't know about unstable, but volatile at least, and the, it gets transferred to the ship, it continues to sort of heat up and the, the crew and everything, like you said, there wasn't a lot of awareness about kind of anything like this at the time. So to them it was just another Cargill hold. They might have said like, you know, be careful with this stuff guys. Or maybe not even that. Yeah. But they, they definitely didn't know like heat bad for this stuff.


Yeah. They said, you owe me two bucks from lunch yesterday. That's what they said Right. When they were loading this up. So around 8:00 AM in the morning, these workers there started noticing that there was smoke and vapors coming outta the ship. So there was some kind of a fire going on. No one knew how it started or what happened. There are some people anecdotally that say it was a cigarette, but it could have been, that was not in the, could have been, that wasn't in the official report, which also wouldn't be surprising. Well, what I saw, I saw later on, Chuck, that the fact that these things were in those paper sacks Yeah. That if they were heating up, they were just going to continue to heat up being packed tightly in the hold of this unventilated ship.


They were just gonna get warm and warmer. And it's possible they, that the, the ammonium nitrate caused the paper sack to combust catch fire spread to other Oh, really? Paper sacks. And then you had a, a, a positive feedback loop where it just kept getting the fire kept getting bigger and bigger and hot. Yeah. Crucially, very important. Hotter and hotter. Right. So the captain sees this happening, there are people kind of pouring in and looking around at what's going on. The captain says, Batten down these hatches, pull these tarps over 'em and start pumping steam in there. Which apparently was a, a method at the time to put out a fire on a ship when you didn't wanna ruin the cargo as opposed to just blasting it with a fire hose, which would cause all this stuff to just brick up like Portland cement.


He starts pumping steam in there. And that just started heating, you know, everyone knows steam is gonna heat stuff up. So that just started and the moisture made a bad situation a lot worse really quickly. Yeah. I, I get the impression that had the captain's name was Captain Charles Deon, he had, he made the decision to just go ahead and let the cargo be ruined and have the fire put out with fire hoses. This all might never have happened. Yeah. But it was, And I mean, I understand he, where he was coming from, he didn't want to ruin the cargo if he didn't have to because steaming out a fire aboard a ship was a, an accepted firefighting technique. It works. And it, it could conceivably sh save a lot of the cargo.


So it's not like he just made this ridiculous, stupid No, no mistake. It's just, in hindsight, it was probably the decision that led to this catastrophe. Yeah. I mean, I think more than anything, it's like you said, it was the time when there was not much regulation And it sort of in, in the dawning of the chemical age, people just didn't know. Right. And plus also at the time, Texas City had a volunteer fire department, which I would guess wouldn't have quite as much dur jurisdiction and Could be told by a captain, like, no, no, no, just go away. Like, I'm, I'm gonna handle this myself, rather than being like, no, we're going to put the fire out on your, on your ship.


Yeah, that's a good point. So the steam is making things worse. It pumped into the, the holds and everything's heating up, everything's getting moist, and like we said, moisture is no good for this stuff. And it did, it started to convert to these solid masses and you know, there's gonna be gas releasing and it's building up all this pressure because they had batten down the hatches and covered 'em with tarps. And it blew so much so that it blew, these hatch covers off at about eight 30 in the morning. That's Crazy, man. Just that alone would've been spectacular. And I'm sure it was. But when those hatches blew off, all, All The Smoke that had been kind of stuck in the hole inside the ship started billowing out.


And the thing apparently about ammonium nitrate burning is it produces really kind of mesmerizing colored smoke from one of the witnesses. It was apparently salmon, orange and purple. Oh Wow. And so the smoke coming out of it started to attract people like, like onlookers who were like, what's, what's going on? I want to go see this giant weird fire that's going on down at the port. And something like 300 people, including entire families, kids from the local school came over, all sorts of people just kind of stopped what they were doing and came to watch this weird fire at the port. And apparently KGBC outta Galveston, which is just 10 miles down the coast out in the, the Gulf of Mexico, they were warning people to stay away.


But apparently that just alerted more people that there was something going on who went down to go check it out themselves. Yeah. So they, they knew that there was a big problem at this point. They did call the firefighters in and the tugboat to maybe try and get that thing outta there. And at this point, like you said, the heat was just so great that even a fire hose isn't gonna do much, it's kind of just vaporizing when it hits it. Yeah, that's crazy. 'cause of the massive amounts of heat. And then, you know, this whole thing started at eight, at eight 30 is when the hatches blew. And then at nine 12 the thing exploded. And we're going to kinda list through a, a pretty horrifying list of, of impacts from like distances.


Like a, a size McGrath in Denver, Colorado picked up this explosion. Yeah. And this is again in the southernmost part of Texas, right? Yeah. Like they felt it in Louisiana, you know, like 3000 foot fire bombs and cargo flying up in the air. So Yeah, the, the enormous amount of energy that I was talking about that was released by this 2300 tons of ammonium nitrate in retrospect, I think has been the, I saw, compared to a 2.7 kiloton blast. Yeah. Which would put this blast of this ship blowing up at somewhere on the order of about one third, no, I'm sorry, one fifth of the Hiroshima nuclear bomb, which just completely leveled that city.


This was about a fifth that size. So it was still a really substantial, enormous blast. And one of the first effects it had is that it blew this liberty ship, this huge World War II era cargo ship a couple thousand feet into the air in multiple pieces to just shower out downward as hot metal shrapnel onto the surrounding city. And that's not accounting for the shrapnel that immediately blew outward as those gases expand, expanded right into all of those onlookers and the people who were fighting the fire around the port. Yeah. There was, they had a couple of two ton anchors. One of those went about a mile and a half away in the air.


Like we said, you could feel it in Louisiana. There was a Monsanto and a Union carbide, two different chemical plants kind of right beside it. They were just flattened, basically. Just not even there anymore. Yeah, I saw that one of the warehouses warehouse zero at the port, which was I think the one that was closest to the ship, this is storing from Houston, I think said that it just disappeared. Like it was just gone. Like, it wasn't there any longer. Like the word disintegrate works in a lot of the instances when you're describing what happened to a lot of the structures and people who were around this, this blast. Well, yeah, I mean, that's the obvious thing. You know, there were hundreds of onlookers. There were people that worked there, there were all 28 members of the fire department.


They were all killed basically instantly. Anyone within that zone was killed instantly. Some people, like you said, just, just not even able to recover enough body parts to identify humans at that point. Yeah. That proved to be a real problem. So like, first of all, the fact that the entire fire department, apparently, one, there was one survivor from the fire department, but he was outta town at the time. That's why he survived. Yeah. But the whole fire department and all of their equipment was immediately wiped out. One of the problems was with an explosion like this in a place like this is that it ruptures lines and pipes and all of those petrochemicals that are being refined suddenly catch fire.


So now you have these out of control fires in the buildings and structures that are left standing, and you no longer have a fire department or any fire equipment to put it out for a little while. So the, the immediate impact out outside of the blast was also the, the fires that were lit just right after this too. Well, I mean, you've got, you know, you've got the metal shrapnel, but then you've also remember there were peanuts and twine and cotton and all this stuff. So that's, these are like fireballs being launched, basically starting fires all over the place. It wasn't just in the immediate area. And like you said, because the fire department was then outta commission.


That's, that's real trouble. Yeah. So it took a little while for more aid to show up, but apparently this, this explosion was so bad and the catastrophe was so great. The army, navy, coast Guard, Marines, Texas National Guard, and then firefighters from surrounding cities all came out to help. Man. And this wasn't just like putting this chemical fire out, but also like trying to, you know, rescue people from rubble. Like there's really a lot that we could sit here and say, but If you have a computer in front of you, like just look up pictures from the Texas city explosion of 1947. Yeah. It, it's just unreal.


What happened to like, enormous steel buildings just turned into like twisted metal. And this is like, you know, the middle of a workday. So there were people trapped all over the place in this debris. So there was a huge rescue operation that had to start, but it was delayed because most of the people who were tasked with that kind of thing had all been killed in the initial blast. Yeah. So remember earlier we said that there were three ships there. This one blows up and obviously, you know, it, it's a, it's a full on like nine 11 scene at this point with just how chaotic it is.


People are not noticing that right next door. The SS high flyer also remember was loaded with this stuff and also with sulfur, which makes it become unstable. And this thing had been unlogged. I mean, I'm surprised it's just the integrity of these ships is the only reason that those weren't just blown to bits too. Yeah. Like it was kind of right next to it And it, And it was still intact at least. And it was blown from its mooring though, and drifted over and kind of attached itself to the Wilson B Keen, which was again in the slip next to it. And I think there were some crew members aboard in there that I guess were just protected by that thick steel.


Right. Yeah. From what I understand. And they were kind of still doing their thing for A little while. And they were finally, because the, the high flyer caught fire as well, they were finally forced out by the smoke. 'cause this is some noxious noxious smoke. This isn't, I mean, this isn't just like wood-burning smoke. This is some really bad chemical smoke that can mess you up. It's crazy that these sailors stayed aboard for an hour, but they're finally forced off a ship. But they tell people like, Hey, this is, this is on fire. Everybody's like, have you seen the other problems we have over here? And the fire department just got basically vaporized. So the fire was allowed to continue on the high flyer for hours, hours and hours.


Like the, that blast happened at 9:12 AM And it wasn't until the afternoon that somebody else rediscovered the fire aboard the high flyer and started to kind of like raise the alarm about this. Still, this is such a chaotic scene that there wasn't anything immediately done about it. And it wasn't until 11:00 PM that they're finally like, oh, this is a really, this is a bad jam. Because not only do we have a thousand tons, tons of ammonium nitrate aboard the high flyer, there's that sulfur you mentioned Chuck. And like you said, it makes it even more unstable in that, you know how ni ammonium nitrate oxidizes things.


Yeah. Sulfur is like food to that stuff as far it oxidizes sulfur. It's just like piling on this oxidizing fuel to make the blast even more energetic. So it would, it would be a really big problem if the high flyer blew up. So they brought in some tugboats in a fireboat, I think from Galveston and started to try to take it out of the ber to tug it out to seed to let it like burn out or blow up or whatever it was gonna do. But I guess it was stuck so fast that, that they couldn't get it out. Yeah. I mean, I guess, you know, this thing was knocked, I guess just sort of wedged in there from that first explosion.


And I think they worked on it for a couple of hours. They started at about 11:00 PM and then it looks like by 1:00 AM they had stopped that process. And at one 10, and this is now on April 17th, you know, early next morning, the high flyer exploded as well. And this was even more violent. The only, I mean, it's not a saving grace at all because everything was already leveled. But the only reason it didn't cause a more death and more destruction sadly, is because everything was already destroyed and most people were already dead. Yeah. And plus also, they knew enough by this time that they needed to clear the area that there wasn't anything they could do.


So everybody who was working in the rescue operation was told to leave. So there I just, I don't know if there were any more deaths from the high flyer blowing up, but the problem was, is that any fires that might have been put out were re-lit. And other structures that may have been spared from the initial blast were now leveled or caught fire or both. So it was a big problem that the high flyer blew up as well. I think it sunk the the Wilson King too, didn't It? It did. It sunk it And it was, it was, yeah. I can only imagine too, also, If you survive that first one, to have another blast like that, even one you were away from and you knew was coming would just do something to the nerves that would be really difficult to recover from.


Yeah, For sure. You want to take a break? Yeah. We'll take a little break and we'll talk about sort of the results of the devastation and a couple of other incidents right after this.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member FDIC.


Hey friends, are you looking for relief from cold and flu symptoms this winter? Well, with good RX you can save an average a $34 on prescription cold and flu meds and feel better for less. Yeah. GoodRx is free and easy to use. You just search for any prescription on the GoodRx website or app. Get your coupon and show it to the pharmacist. Just Check GoodRx to save up to 80% of pharmacies near you, including Walmart, Walgreens, CVS, Publix, Albertsons, Kroger, and many more. Yeah. And the best part, GoodRx works whether you have insurance or not. Even If you have insurance, GoodRx could beat your copay price. That's right. So for savings on cold and flu medications or any other prescriptions, check GoodRx, just go to good rx.com/stuff. That's good. rx.com/stuff.


Take your holiday hosting from last minute to just in time. Discover how convenient shopping IKEA can be with a variety of delivery and pickup services. Holiday hosting can be a hustle, but they've got your back. Try ikea's, click and collect service. An easy way to grab your holiday favorites. Simply use, click and collect while shopping online and select the best date and time that works for you to pick up at the store. Need last minute inspiration or hosting needs? No problem. Let them do the heavy lifting with their affordable delivery options. Taking the hassle out of your shopping holidays are about family and the IKEA family members. Enjoy free shipping on small orders over $50, got unexpected guests. IKEA has everything you need to ensure everyone feels right at home. Scoring your holiday favorites has never been easier. Enjoy more ways to shop ikea, including click and collect, small order shipping and more. Discover hassle-free solutions to owning this season and celebrate the holidays your way with ikea. Discover how convenient shopping IKEA can be. Shop now


Every holiday season starts with the best of intentions. Make that homemade pie. Get all your holiday shopping done early, but then life gets in the way. Don't feel bad. It happens to everyone. And luckily you've got DoorDash. That's right. Like your secret holiday helper. DoorDash has you covered on gifts, groceries and dinner for tonight. DoorDash makes it so easy. You may even feel a little guilty, but you know, no one needs to know your pie was really store-bought or that that thoughtful gift arrived just minutes before your guest Did. Yep. And now through the 24th, DoorDash has big deals running for the holidays from Best Buy, Ulta Beauty, Wingstop, Aldi, and more you can save money and the holidays all with DoorDash, whether you tell people is up to you, DoorDash your door to more use code stuff. Joy 24 for 50% off your first order, maximum $10 off orders of $15 or more. The offer ends December 26th, 2024. One promo per order, not valid for orders containing alcohol in terms supply.


Okay. So Chuck, one thing that we didn't say was that the, the initial explosion by the grand camp created like a 15 foot tidal wave that washed inland and people died almost in creative ways in this disaster. And one of those ways was those petrochemicals. I think there was a molasses refinery that started to get mixed in that kept the petrochemicals burning in the water when it mixed with them. When this tidal wave blew out. When it blew in, I'm sorry, it was on fire. So it, it actually caught people on fire.


It caught people on fire on the way back out to sea. And people who'd survived the initial blast were actually swept out and drowned from this too. There were people who died in airplanes that had come around to kind of circle the area. Yeah. And were blown out of the sky. There were people who died in buildings that collapsed. There were people who died from shrapnel falling outta the sky and killing them even though they were miles away. Like there were, there was so much death and destruction that it's really difficult to get across what happened to this poor little port city that hadn't done anything to anybody that just suddenly blew up.


Yeah. In the end, the official death toll was close to 600, 581 people, 113 of which were just vaporized. No trace was ever found of 113 people casualties up to 5,000. The numbers kind of vary, but anywhere from 3,500 to 5,000. And you know, Texas City was not a very big place. It was about 16,000 strong. Right. So this was just devastating to the city and to the region. It took about a week to put out all these fires And I think a full month plus to recover whatever bodies they could recover at that point.


Yeah. The final body wasn't found until mid-May. The, there was a, there were people who were never, like you said, accounted for. There were, there were the converse of that was true too. There were parts of people that were never identified. Yeah. And one of the accounts that I read was, like I was saying, was written by a, a, I think a University of Houston historian named Cheryl Lowerers, Dorf Ross in the hu in the Journal of Houston history. But she recounts somebody mentioning a woman who was trying to identify her husband who is lost in the disaster.


And she had to sort through hands, they had a collection of hands that this woman was trying to figure out which one belonged to her husband. And like, that's just nuts to hear. But If you can even begin to put yourself into that woman's shoes Yeah. The reality of that Yes. Of being in that room of like, looking at different hands and then also not just the horror of, of that, of of like having to look through body parts that may or may not be your husband's, but then the self-doubt, like, is that my husband's hand? Like I, I don't remember what it looked like, you know, like that just your mind messing with you on top of the horrific experience that you're already undergoing. But she was one of many, because something like 61 people, I believe were interred without being identified.


But there, there remains were kind of assembled and, and, and put together in a memorial service that was attended by something like thousands of people, I believe. So Chuck. So if there was 16,000 people And that many people were hurt or killed by this blast, you can imagine how quickly this little town was overwhelmed with all these casualties. And so they were getting people like every which way, trucking 'em over to gal Galveston, like getting 'em wherever they could, whatever hospital they could find. But very quickly the high school gym was taken over to serve as a field hospital. And then shortly after that, the morgue, and one of the stories that stuck out to me was the Boy Scouts were pressed into service to basically help out however they could.


And these poor little, like, like teenage and preteen scouts are like working in this makeshift morgue in their high school gym. Like imagine the impression that had on them the rest of their life. You know? Geez. I know. Isn't that crazy? Like every aspect of this story is just nuts. That's Very sad. Yeah. And of course the, the financial loss was huge. About a hundred million dollars in property loss, 500 million in loss petroleum products, and that's about 700000003.5 billion in today. Dollars. I think there is sort of buried beneath the berms.


There is a memorial park where 63 unidentified victims are buried. Yeah, that's what I was talking about. Yeah. And there's that anchor that we talked about. I don't know if it was the one that actually blew the mile and a half away, but at least one of the anchors is, is a monument at the park along with a scarred propeller from the high flyer at the entrance to the port there at Texas City. Yeah. So that, that funeral procession that they had, that attracted, I think something like 5,000 mourners was a real like, community effort. There were something like 50 plus funeral homes from 28 different cities that all participated.


And each of these 63 unidentified people where their remains, I should say were put in their own individual caskets and buried in the Memorial park, which is still, you know, there that that park is still there with the anchor and everything. But it was, it, it's just, it's such a, an enormous weird catastrophe and just such a devastating thing, especially looking back 70 years to read about. But when you do read about it, If you can just kind of put yourself in mind of what that was like of, you know, trying to recover from that. It's, it's astounding that Texas city did recover. A lot of people moved and just said, I not only like, do I think the city's never gonna come back from this, I don't know if I can come back from this.


Yeah, of course. But the city actually did come back and they did build back from what I understand, even bigger than before, which is how that BP refinery that ended up blowing up that became the most profitable and BP's entire company because the city built back even better than before. That's great. It is great. I mean, not great that it, it exploded again in 2005, obviously, but great that they were, had the stick to itness to come back Right. As a city. So, you know, obviously following something like this, there's gonna be a lot more regulation going on. The US is gonna step up federally and say, Hey, wait a minute, we really need to take a look at how we're handling these chemicals, how we're storing these things, how we're shipping these things.


And a lot of changes were made here and around the world. But it's not to say that that completely prevented this from happening again. Because in Beirut, just last year, in August of 2020, there was another big cargo of ammonium nitrate that had been sitting in a warehouse for seven years. It's, no one is exactly sure why it ignited this time, but there was a dock worker that said that there were fireworks stored nearby, and they did find thousands of kilograms of fireworks recovered from a warehouse at that port. Right. And this explosion was, you know, it was a crater about 460 feet wide. And, you know, it was about as big as the Texas city blast.


I, so I saw both, I saw that it was about as big And I saw that it was about half the size. But I mean, But even a half, you know, but So yeah, go look at video of that. What's astounding about that Beirut blast is there happens to be people who were filming when it happened because there was a fire I before when it happened. Yeah. So You've seen that, that like, that white cloud, that's that water vapor expanding. Right. And the, the the, you can't see it, but there's nitrous oxide gas in there as well. So imagine twice that size. That's, that would probably be about the size of that first Texas city blast in 1947. Yeah. I mean, I, I remember seeing it on the news and I don't remember if they mentioned Texas City, but yeah, I mean this is stuff that was just stored down there for like seven years soaking up that that warm kind of moist Mediterranean breeze.


Right. Not the way you should handle and store this stuff. No. And like the story behind, it's kind of interesting, like the, the, it was started in Georgia, not our Georgia, but the Republic of Georgia on way on route to Mozambique. And the, apparently the owners were like, we're not making enough money on this, this trip, so we're gonna divert over to Beirut and pick up some more freight. And the crew said, no, we're not gonna do that. It's gonna make the weight dangerous. So they balked port fees started racking up and the owners apparently just decided to abandon the crew, the ship and the cargo. The cargo, once it was impounded, should have been sold off, but it wasn't, instead it just, like you said, sat there stored incorrectly for six years until something caused it to blow up.


Which is, I mean, just the, the idea that it was just negligence that led to that catastrophe is, it's even worse. I, I think that's something that's missing from the Texas city disaster there. There wasn't really any negligent act, maybe a mistake or a bad choice, but no one was particularly negligent about it. So I think that's, it kind of makes the Beirut blast even worse, that people were supposed to be doing stuff that they didn't do and a lot of people died as a result. Yeah. I think the BP refinery in 2005, they had to pay out about 50 million bucks for that one after they did a, a, a little safety audit. And in that safety audit they found out, and this was before the blast actually, they did a safety audit and they found that a lot of people that worked at this plant, it says, came to work with, quote, an exceptional degree of fear of catastrophic incidences.


Yeah. Incidents, end quote, that's a little bit of a OSHA nightmare. Everything that I've read about that was that there was a direct result of BP cutting safety in favor of higher profit margins. That that's what happened. That's what allowed this plant to deteriorate. And the machinery just didn't work. But they traced this explosion. This is an oil refinery explosion. It had nothing to do with ammonium nitrate, but the, the, I think whatever, whatever chemical they put in gas to boost the octane level, they turned a machine on that does that. And somehow like all these components to the, to gasoline started vaporizing out into the air. It started shooting out of this tower because the pressure was overloaded and there was so much gas vapor in the air that somebody had a pickup truck running nearby And it got sucked up into the air intake and the engine started revving.


And that's actually what ignited the whole thing. All of this gas vapor, this pickup truck sucking in gas molecules that were just vaporized in the air around it. Crazy. In Texas City again. It's crazy. So you got anything else? I got Nothing else. Well, If you wanna know more about the Texas City disaster, you can go look that up. I would strongly recommend reading Cheryl Lauer's Dorf Ross's Changing Lives in a Heartbeat Journal article, and also big shout out to fire engineering.com. They had a good one. And then the local 1259, the Texas City Firefighters Union has a really comprehensive overview of the Texas City disaster too.


So maybe check those out for even more details. And since totally since I said that, it's time for listener mail. Yeah. I'm gonna call this, well, I'm gonna call it what Ryan called it. Well, I'm dumb, but I'm over it. Hey guys, long time. First time I thought I'd tell you, you had me duped for a long time. When I first started listening to the shows a few years ago, and probably for a year after that first episode, I honestly thought there was a list of key words that Josh referred to toward the end of the episode. Whenever he says, well, since I said blank, it's time for listener mail for an embarrassing, this is very cute. For an embarrassingly long time, I really thought that the blank word was from a predetermined master list And that you had revealed that list of words to the audience in an early episode.


Wow. I guess like the magic word in PeeWee's Playhouse. Yeah. Was that what it was? Yeah. This guy wish to really love PeeWee's Playhouse. I started listening to increasingly older episodes in hopes that I would hear that list or catch a trend toward the words used. Yeah. Josh's transition with that statement at the end of every episode is just so smooth. Hey, There you go. Thanks, man. It wasn't until one episode when Josh's word was so mundane, so common. It was probably the or if or something along those lines that I finally realized there is no list. I had been fooled. Those random words, the scale just fell from his eyes and he was free. Finally know. Well, since you said scales, those random words are just that random.


I actually felt a bit disappointed when I realized this, but it actually took some of the mystery out the show. But I'm over it now. No. Whether or not it's good to admit I had been fooled by this for a long time, is up for debate. But I've been meaning to tell you about this for a while. I hope you think of me every time Josh transitions to Listener mail From now on. I totally will. Yeah. Take care and keep doing what you're doing 'cause it's a fantastic show. And since I said show do dot what? That's great. That is from Ryan Peche. Thanks Ryan. Thanks for getting in our heads like that. Apparently we got in your heads too, so it's only fair, don't you think, Chuck? Yeah. And just right then I didn't think we had a listener mail. And then look what pops up. Ryan Pele saves the day again, and only Ryan knows what I'm talking about.


It just ruined his life. Again. He's back in the game. If you want to get in touch with us and try to get in our heads like Ryan did, so we have to think of you every time we say something about Listener Mail or what have you. You can write to us, send us an email to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.


This is Tracy v Wilson from Stuff You Missed in History class. Do you like podcasts, music, and audio books? Because when you subscribe to Amazon Music Unlimited, you get all three in one app. Imagine listening to your favorite podcast and music on the go to Work, school, the gym, or better yet, vacation. Now Imagine being on vacation with your favorite audiobook from Audible, then listening to a new one every month from a huge selection of popular titles. That sounds like a pretty good vacation. Right? Audible is now included on Amazon Music Unlimited. Download the Amazon Music app now to start listening terms apply.


Take your holiday hosting from last minute to just in time. Discover how convenient shopping IKEA can be with their variety of delivery and pickup services. Try, click and collect for an easier way to grab your holiday favorites. Let Ikea handle the heavy lifting with their affordable delivery options to simplify your shopping. Enjoy more ways to shop Ikea with click and collect and small order shipping. Discover hassle-free solutions this season and celebrate the holidays your way with ikea. Discover how convenient shopping IKEA can be. Shop Now


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One. NA member FD.