
Hey everybody. During Cybersecurity Awareness Month, LifeLock wants to give you helpful tips to protect your identity. Using multifactor authentication can be a line of defense to help protect your personal information, like getting a text with a security code. but LifeLock offers comprehensive protection against identity theft. LifeLock not only alerts you to suspicious uses of your personal information, but also fixes issues. That arise, guaranteed, or your money back. Protect your identity today with a 30 day free trial. At lifelock.com/cybersafety terms apply


Hey, everybody. I want to tell you a little something about Squarespace. The site That lets you build your very own website. If. you wanna raise funds for a cause with a website, That makes accepting donations. And. Managing donors easy. you gotta go with Squarespace. Setting up giving pages is very easy. you can start accepting donations online right away. you can access donor contact information, And donation history, And, a central dashboard, And. you can send fundraising emails directly through Squarespace. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff for a free trial. And. When you're ready to launch, use the offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain.


Hi, everybody Chuck here. I. Just realized I have almost cut my finger off while I was playing with a pocket knife. Just now And, it's bleeding quite a bit, so I'm gonna call 9 1 1 And. In the meantime, I'm gonna Listen to this episode from April 12th, 2018. How, Paramedics. Work, oh thank God, Welcome to Stuff you. Should Know, a production of iHeartRadio Hey. and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark with Charles w Chuck.


Bryant And. There is Jerry Jerome, Roland And. This is stuff you Should. Know, the emergency. We should have a new Podcast called Sirens Around the World. Yeah. It's the most annoying show ever. It would be pretty annoying. but there'd be some subset of people who like just really despise themselves. That. It'd be popular among, So We would love it. We don't hate ourselves. Do We. Tell me I need to know. No I. Guess it depends on the day. I didn't want to hate myself Sometimes.


I wanna punch myself. Does That count No? I know. Exactly. What you mean, man, sometimes I'm just like, I am so sick of myself. Is That is That What You're talking about That was a good song. Remember That song? No. Sick of myself. No I. Think That was Matthew Sweet. Oh, Yeah. Wow. That's weird. That. This is going on Right now. cause Matthew Sweet just popped up like randomly in the last couple days. And like an article. I was reading And. I was like I forgot about him. Haven't heard about him in 20 years. and that bam batter meinhof. Here he is again. Well, he's still around. He's an Atlanta guy. you know, I didn't know That Yeah. Well, that's cool. Yeah, I, No.


I. Thi I. I. Think that's like the way it goes. you just, cause you had one hit. And, the world came And, like Listen to you. and that moved on. Doesn't mean like, you're like, okay, well I, guess I'll go bury myself alive now in my own backyard. He had two hits. Usually. Usually the artist like, keeps going. Yeah. you know, Yeah. He had two hits though. I Know Girlfriend and that. The other one, You, were just talking about Yeah Girlfriend. That's a great song. Yeah. That's a good song. Okay, so obviously What we're talking about today are Paramedics. Paramedicine really is What. We're we're talking about Yeah, Which is, it's actually a pretty interesting topic. cause you, you kind of look into it, you're like, oh, these, these people save lives.


That's great. Here's some of the lifesaving techniques. That, they do fantastic. but there's like actually so much more to it. It's got a really interesting history. It's got a a a, a. It's one of those things where it's way worse off than, but Should be as far as like, funding. And, And, And, like logistics, And stuff. Like That goes I. Just find It Interesting. It's, it's interesting to, to kind of poke into a topic and that find That. Oh, this is even more interesting than I thought. And have It poke back. Yep. With forceps. So I guess We should say Right off the bat. That the word paramedic. P means alongside, so alongside medicine, I guess, which I'm not quite sure.


What. That means. So What I. Think It means is as follows. Charles, Okay, These people Paramedics, they are not doctors, correct? but they work with And alongside And. Really? Honestly, as an extension of a, a doctor, okay, an md I'll buy That. So that's What. I think it means, cause it's not like What they're doing is a different type of wacky medicine. Like they're actually doing the same type of medicine. That an er doctor, an ER nurse would be doing in an er. They're, they're just doing it out in the field. Could you imagine how disconcerting it would be to be like on the ground?


And have a paramedic come up And, like blow green dust in your face or, or something, right? You're like, What are the chicken bones for man. Oh Man, Blow green dust in your face. I. Don't know. It would depend on What. The effect of the green dust was That's true. So I think that's What paramedic means, right? Okay. We can go, We can go further back. Actually. And And And describe What. Ambulance means We know That one for certain Yes That came around in 15th century Spain during the Inquisition, they clearly had a lot of need for medical work. Yeah, And, they actually had field hospitals. That were called Ambius, Right?


It was just basically like a, a mass unit out in the field. and that eventually the, the French, shortly after I think under Napoleon, they innovated on the ambulance. And said, well that's great. That's neat. That We have these things out in the field. but there's some guys way over there who are injured. And, And. They probably wouldn't die if We could get them to these ambulances, these field hospitals, right? Correct. So they came up with basically mobile ambulances, which is the, this idea of a flying or a moving ambulance, which is like a little medical facility. That. They would put the people into And, move them away from battle to go patch them up rather than waiting for the battle to end.


Well, Yeah And before That, even during the Crusades And, they also had a great need for medical care. There were the Knights Hospital, Hospitaller, I think hospital. Oh, whoa, Is There an extra? I might be putting an extra syllable. and there, well that's s all right time. I'm known to do That. That's to time, time, Time. Knights Hospital. That's What, I'm gonna say of the order of St. John of Jerusalem. And. They were the first kind of, the first people to practice emergency medicine on the battlefield. And. They even invented the What We. Now call the stretcher. Although it's still called a, a litter in some circles.


Yeah, it's a pretty intuitive thing, but it's It. It It works. Someone had to think of It, Couple of sticks with some canvas. Stretch between them. Throw a person on There. And. you can pick 'em up. Two people can pick 'em up. And, get 'em off of the battlefield. Lty split. Hooray. So Yeah, so this is the idea of emergency medicine grew basically exclusively out of warfare over the centuries. Well, Yeah, but what's remarkable to me is That from That time. They have the right idea. Let's get these people outta here quickly. It took about a hundred And 30 years, all the way until the mid to late 1960s.


Until they said Hey. Wait a minute. If We actually put trained medical people in these things, And weren't simply driving people to a hospital. We might have even more luck. Yeah. That was the late sixties. Isn't That amazing? It Is And at the time. It was. So he, a lot of medicine was practiced through house calls, right? Oh, Yeah. In including emergencies. Like if there was an emergency And, you could get ahold of a doctor. The doctor was expected to go out to That Emergency. And do What. They could, but more often than not, either the cops or local mortician were tasked with basically It was called like a scoop And.


Scoop And run Yeah or Scoop And carry, where you just basically get the person outta That car wreck or from the bottom of That ladder or whatever just happened to 'em. Throw 'em in the back of a car, a cop car or a hearse. Yeah I would looked, It up the ecto one. The Ghostbusters ambulance is a modified Cadillac hearse. Oh, Yeah. So they would throw some I. Imagine That was a sinking feeling. It really was for a mortician to show up in a hearse. And be like, I'm gonna take you to the hospital. Right, And, depending on What happens, you may be back in the same car. Yeah And talk about a conflict of interest. you know, What I mean Yeah. Well, that's A good point, Ho. Hopefully not, but Yeah take the long way on paper.


Yeah Right or they just, you know, casually put their hand on the person's nose. And mouth in the backseat gets dry. Terrible. The thing is though, is whether the mortician or the cops were, were getting you to the hospital. Even when you got to the hospital, it's not like there was such a thing as an er. Room ERs didn't come about really until like the mid seventies where you could find them in, in fair abundance around the United States. Like ERs just didn't exist. It was, here you go, doc I know you just delivered a baby And. you treated somebody else for angina. but now you've gotta put this person's head back together. Wow. Yeah And. It was all just medicine at the time.


So Yeah, the idea of getting somebody to a hospital, And having a medical person, a professional in the car that's transporting them. It, it came outta Ireland. I. Think Right Yeah. Big shout out, 1967 to Dr. J Frank Pan of Belfast. He had a study. He published a, a study. That said Hey, you know, What We have more success saving people's lives when our mobile units have a physician or a nurse inside, right? And, everyone went Huh. Never really thought about That, But There it is. There's a study Yeah pretty cool. So he, he definitely set the stage for this and that the year before There was a report.


I think It was a year earlier, right? The one from Congress in America, A couple years, 65 I. Think It was like the National Academy of Sciences. Or somebody basically got together with another group. And said, let's, let's study accidents. And What they came up with was this idea That. There was like this overlooked disaster. That happened. Like accidents were a huge major leading cause of injury. And death in the United States. And this, this inquiry determined That We weren't doing much about It And specifically. A lot of people died who otherwise wouldn't have if there had been something like an emergency medical service to attend to them at the accident scene.


And on the way to the hospital. and that having the hospital actually know What, they, we don as far as emergency medicine goes, Yeah. It's just, it's just staggering to me. It seems so intuitive. And, it can't believe It took That long for this to happen. you know, And, in fact, the Emergency Medical Systems Act was signed in 1973, which basically said We need a a standardized system here. Yeah like nationwide. That was after That paper came out in 1966. Yeah Many years later. Yeah I mean that's the speed of government I guess. Sure. and that in 1977, the publication of the first, very first national standard curriculum for EMTs, And, Paramedics 77.


Yep. and that, so alongside this para this, they, they, there were people like around the country, at universities around the country, And around the world, who were kind of all recognizing all of this at the same time. That, there were There was a lot more That. Could be Don for people who were injured in, in accidents. And. So you had the people at Pitt, university of Pittsburgh taking up the cause. And Go Panthers, Yeah. They started, is it the Panthers? Yeah. Huh. They started creating some of the first curriculum for Paramedics. Some of the earliest tests for Paramedics.


The University of Cincinnati came up with the first curriculum for training physicians in ER medicine. I think the University of California was an early entrant into the world of, of teaching paramedicine. and that I think they were the first one to be accredited in 1980. Like they had their operation going for years. but they were the first one to say, Hey, somebody take a look at this And. Make sure we're kosher. and that We can say we're an accredited training facility for Paramedics. Amazing. It is, it is pretty amazing. and that the, the, the problem is this. So the federal government got into the act in 1973 with the Emergency Medical Services Act, Yeah.


but by 1981 there was an omnibus budget. That said, we're out, we're Don. We're not funding emergency services anymore. and that from That point forward, the emergency service system in the United States, whatever had been developed to That Point, broke into patchworks of state local county programs. Yeah, sometimes multiple ones within a single county I think there's a county. Michigan That has like 18 different emergency services. And. That has kind of created this where We are now, which is people doing the absolute best they can in a What, What amounts to a broken system in a lot of ways. Should We take a break?


Sure. All right. When We come back, We will put the broken system behind us momentarily. And talk about EMTs, And, Paramedics.


Hey folks. Lululemon knows That feeling good starts with moving more And their workout gear designed to make That as comfortable as possible. Yeah Let's zero in on the Zeroed. In short, it's a perfect example of how they combine performance. And comfort. 'cause It has a smooth waistband. That never digs in very important And. It's designed to move with you. So It ensures That. No matter how intense your workout gets. You'll remain comfortable And focused on it. That's right. It's also crafted from fabric. That dries super fast so you won't have to worry about distractions from moisture during your workouts or your day. It's also available in three different lengths. So you can choose the one That suits your style And needs best. Whether you're hitting the gym or going for a run or even just relaxing. These shorts are tailored for versatility, And comfort. So are you ready to upgrade your workout wardrobe? Shop for the Zeroed in short, now@lululemon.com.


Hey. Everyone We wanna talk to you about Squarespace possibly the best way to grow your online presence for your e-commerce store. That's Right cause they utilize Squarespace payments. It's the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. With Squarespace, onboarding is fast, And simple. you can get started in just a few clicks. And start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with popular payment methods like Klarna, a CH, direct debit, apple Pay after pay, And, Clear pay Yeah And it. you want to catch more flies, you gotta spread more honey. So you can connect your major social And multimedia accounts to your website in just a few clicks as icons, direct links embedded feeds. So you can build visitor trust while updating content. Only where you need It extending your brand's footprint. So if all this sounds good to you that go to squarespace.com/stuff. And, you'll get a free trial. And. When you're ready to launch, use offer code stuff. And, you'll save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs, And technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, And more. You'll sort in new heights just like the Wright brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers s all took off in Ohio. And, yours can too. A job That can take you further. And a place you can't wait to come home. To have it all in the heart of It. all launch your search@callohiohome.com.


There's a victim of identity theft every three seconds in the United States. During cybersecurity Awareness month. LifeLock wants to remind you of the importance of using multifactor authentication. Well, What's That? Well, I'll tell you everybody, while updating your passwords to be more complex is a really great first step. Multifactor authentication adds a second protective layer. Like getting a text with a security code to help keep your personal information even safer. but for comprehensive identity theft protection, there's LifeLock. Yep. LifeLock alerts you to more uses of your personal information. And fixes identity theft issues. That arise guaranteed LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second. And detects And alerts you to a wide range of threats well beyond What. you can see on your own And, If your identity is stolen, your dedicated US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Plus, you're backed by the LifeLock million dollar protection package with up to $3 million in coverage. So Start protecting your identity today with a 30 day free trial at lifelock.com/cybersafety terms. Apply


All. So If, you want to ride in an ambulance or drive an ambulance. And, get on the scene. And, help someone out who's in need. There are a couple of ways you can do it. you can be an EMT Emergency medical Technician, And. This is the, this is the person who has, has undergone about, between about 120 And 150 hours of coursework. They're, they're well-trained, And, all kinds of life-saving procedures. If, you need CPR If, you need oxygen administered. If You were having some bad allergic reaction, That, your life is in jeopardy.


but there are limits to What. They are allowed to do so. One thing they cannot do, even in the case of giving shots, is they can't break the skin. Right? Which is super interesting. I never knew That, Yeah, I didn't know That either. but you can consider an EMT, like a, an entry level paramedicine, professional Right. That's where you would start And. In fact, I think you have to start as an EMT to go onto to the next level, which would be paramedic. Right for sure. Yeah. So if you're a paramedic, you have about 10 times the amount of coursework, And schooling under your belt. By the time you're a paramedic. And I think you do have to have about six months at least, of prior, immediately prior EMT experience to start becoming a paramedic as well.


Which I, I'm sure is the way most people go, is you start out as an EM it and that you, you know, move on to the next level, which is paramedic Yeah, which, like you said, 10 times. So that's about anywhere from 1200 to 1800 hours, depending on your state or your municipality to get certified And. This is where the real action can happen. you can give an iv, you can, if someone's having a heart attack, you can deal with That. you can operate a defibrillator fibrillation, Fibrillate, fibrillated. It's fun to say once you master it, They should have just called it the, the clear machine. Yeah. The, But it's a, it's a lot of work.


And, a lot of hours. And, one of the people, That they interviewed in this article said, That, you know, it's really grueling And when you're in paramedic training, And school, And doing your coursework basically for a year or two. you can just say goodbye to your friends. And family. Yeah. I saw That too. Yeah. That's tough stuff. So the paramedic is actually, they operate under the license. Not just like, like under the direction, but under the license of a physician. And their locale, right? Yeah, there's a couple of ways. That, you can do It, And, And. As you'll start to see, like I saw a quote. That It said, if you've seen one emergency medical system, you've seen one emergency medical system, Right, they're all just so different.


Yeah, And, the whole thing is so patchwork. but There is a national standard, which I think is the National Emergency Medical Technician Registry Exam. That's like the national exam. and that you may have to pass like a state And or local exam too, depending on where you live. but There is like a national accreditation, And national coursework. but that how the system functions And runs is what's the pa, the patchwork part of it. Yeah. And. It'll cost you I mean it depends on where It is, of course, And What program. but the, the example they used in our article is the UCLA Center for pre-hospital Care And. They quoted about 10 grand for just the tuition.


and that of course, like any college or coursework, you're gonna have to pay for books. And equipment, And, And uniforms, And stuff like That. They get you. That's exactly where they get you. The plaid skirt And that After That though, the good news is, is That, you have a really good chance of getting work. I get the impression. That If, you have gone through all of your paramedic training. You're not sitting around like there's usually a job waiting for you somewhere. Yeah, I saw That as well. And actually, It doesn't necessarily pay super well No people. So If, you ever see a paramedic be extra nice to them? For sure. cause not only are they running around saving people's lives, they're not getting rich off of it at all.


They're doing it 'cause it's something they care about Yeah, but they're despite That, despite the the mediocre pay it's I saw. It's gonna be one of the most in demand jobs over the next like 10 to 15 years. I really wish I could remember the statistic E Exactly. but it think they're like expecting another like 53,000 EMT jobs or paramedic jobs to be added to the, the American economy over the next like decade maybe. Wow. So it's definitely a growing, growing career for sure. Growing profession. Yeah And. you mentioned the pay If. you If you go to the US Bureau of Labor Statistics to kind of find a a mean salary or something.


They do It. It's not really, they should separate It out, but they lump in EMTs, And, Paramedics. When of course EMTs don't make the kind of money their pa a paramedic would. but they had a mean annual wage of about $31,000 a few years ago. And, if you're in the top 10%, it's about 54,000 And. Apparently the state of Washington is one on the higher side. They, you can get as high as 71 grand in the state of Washington. Right? but it mean, you know, that's a, that's a good living. And a decent living. but it's not like, like you said, they don't go into this cause like, oh man, you know, That 31 grand a year.


It's sort of like being a school teacher. It's a I feel like it's a calling in a lot of cases. For sure. For sure. As I was saying about the, the license That they operate under. Right? So if you're a, a certified paramedic, when you are, depending on the state you're in, you may be operating under the license of the state medical director. Like that's where you have your license, Yeah. Or you could also be operating under the license of a local physician. Like That physician's license covers you, covers the physician's assistant. Basically everything working for everyone. Working for him or her. So you might be operating under That physician's license or I didn't know this man during an ambulance ride.


So remember how just adding like a trained medical professional to the ride from an accident scene to the hospital improves outcomes. And, we've don That since 1966. At least they figured out That If you can communicate with a doctor, a phy, an ER physician en route. you could also improve outcomes even more so during these, this transportation from an accident to the hospital. The paramedic is probably in touch with an ER doctor. Oh, interesting. Who is instructing And advising? And Consulting with the paramedic to figure out the best course of action, the best course of treatment. and that how to carry That out.


And from What I Understand at That time the paramedic is operating under That physician's license in That State. Would That make you feel better or worse? What That, the paramedic was getting instruction from a physician. Yeah Like If. you here, here this going on I. Don't know I. I would say, Part of me is like, better cause it's a doctor telling you That. but the other part of me is like, don't you know. Right. and that you would hate to here like the doctor say, well get the something, something And for the paramedic to say. The What. You right Don don't know What. That is. I've never seen this before. Ever. Have you ever had to take an ambulance ride for Yourself? No. No. Thank goodness I didn't think I had either, but that I did.


Remember when I was 13 or 14? My brother was 16 or 17. We were in a car wreck. Mm. There were eight people in a Jeep. My, in my brother's Jeep That was once my dad's Jeep And. That was definitely not safe to do to begin with. but We were going to a movie after church on a Sunday night. A bunch of kids in youth group Raising hell piled In my brother's Jeep. Wasted No, just kidding, completely sober. And Wasted on the Lord. We were And. It was raining really hard. And, you know, at at ts Pon de Leon Avenue here in Atlanta.


And everyone That doesn't live in Atlanta. Probably laughs. That We pronounce it That way instead of ol. but on ts where It kind of, if you're leaving from Atlanta, it's That big curve where you go over That, large stone archway. Yes kind of headed toward into Decatur We where come down That way. Nowhere near Northlake Mall where We were supposed to be headed. We were lost. And my brother We Hydroplaned. Oh, No hit a curb. And turned the Jeep over on its side. And it ripped through the canvas ceiling or whatever it's made of. Oh man, you got thrown. Oh, Yeah. We. Were scattered all over the street. You are lucky I know it's the only time I.


Think That. I've been knocked unconscious. And it. Just remember waking up, you know, What would've been probably seconds later, And the pouring rain. And looking around And seeing my friends like scattered within like 20 feet of each other in various places. Wow, man. That is scary stuff dude. It was scary. So in the end, the good news is No one had like I think the worst injury was like a broken collarbone. I broke my finger. There were little cuts, And scrapes. but nobody was hurt bad. but it do remember this I. hope my brother doesn't Listen to this one in the ambulance on the way. My brother was just sort of catatonic And. They said they were trying to get information.


And. They asked What, his name was And. He said A-hole. What. He said a-hole. He said the real word Don. cause he felt so bad. Yeah, I think he was just sort of out of It. And felt terrible. Poor Scotch And. He didn't curse at all at the time. Still doesn't even curse much. but it just, that's weird. That. That is What stands out in my mind. I wonder if he remembers That actually. Well that's a big one. Especially If. you didn't curse. you know, So funny. Man. That's a, that's you are a great storyteller. Was That a good story? Yeah I. I was like, I was seriously where you kept like going off on tangents. I'm like, No, We. Gotta get back to the story. What happened to the Jeep I know you looked a little nervous.


Yeah. So, wow. Okay. Should We take a break? Oh, Yeah. And. Also, I forgot to mention the one guy That was tragically killed. Right. You're like, but did I mention I also broke my finger. No. Nobody. Nobody was hurt. Everybody was too bad. everybody was good. Everybody's good. I. Think my brother broke his foot. Man. Yeah. It was just stuff like That. Heck of a story. Chuck. Heck of a story. No. Thank you Yeah. Let's take a break. And regroup shall We. Yeah. Let's do okay.


Hey folks. Lululemon knows That feeling good starts with moving more And their workout gear designed to make That as comfortable as possible. Yeah, Let's zero in on the Zeroed. In short, it's a perfect example of how they combine performance. And comfort. 'cause It has a smooth waistband. That never digs in very important And. It's designed to move with you. So it ensures That. No matter how intense your workout gets. You'll remain comfortable And focused on It. That's Right. It's also crafted from fabric. That dries super fast so you won't have to worry about distractions from moisture during your workouts or your day. It's also available in three different lengths. So you can choose the one That suits your style And needs best. Whether You're hitting the gym or going for a run or even just relaxing. These shorts are tailored for versatility, And comfort.


So are you ready to upgrade your workout wardrobe? Shop for the Zeroed in short, now@lululemon.com. Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs, And technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences. And more. You'll soar in new heights. Just like the Wright brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers s all took off in Ohio. And, yours can too. A job That can take you further. And a place you can't wait to come home. To have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


There's a victim of identity theft every three seconds in the United States. During cybersecurity Awareness month, LifeLock wants to remind you of the importance of using multifactor authentication. Well, What's That? Well, I'll tell you everybody while updating your passwords to be more complex is a really great first step. Multi-factor authentication adds a second protective layer. Like getting a text with a security code to help keep your personal information even safer. but for comprehensive identity theft protection, there's LifeLock. Yep. LifeLock alerts you to more uses of your personal information. And fixes identity theft issues. That arise guaranteed LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second. And detects And alerts you to a wide range of threats well beyond What.


you can see on your own And. If your identity is stolen, your dedicated US space restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Plus. You're backed by the LifeLock million dollar protection package with up to $3 million in coverage. So start protecting your identity today with a 30 day free trial at lifelock.com/cybersafety terms apply.


Grammarly is a trusted writing partner. That saves your company from miscommunication, And, all the wasted time. And money That goes with it. That's true. Four out five professionals say Grammarly helps them gain buy-in And action through their communication. Yeah And. When every word your team writes is clear, concise, And on brand, everything gets better. Like 25% faster. Time to resolution for support tickets. 52% less time spent writing sales emails. And saving 19 days. 19 days per year per employee. That's Right. Grammarly works where you work as well. From docs to messages to emails, it integrates seamlessly across 500,000 apps. And websites, No cutting, No pasting, And, No context switching. So equip your team with a gold standard of responsible ai. 15 years of experience just about every IT certification. And, they never sell your data. So join 70,000 teams And, 30 million people who trust Grammarly to get results on the first try. Go to grammarly.com/enterprise to learn more. Grammarly Enterprise Ready? ai.


Okay, we're back. I'm not reeling quite as much as I was, but That was a good story. Again, I feel like We should mention even though it's kind of silly. That emergency TV show. Oh, Yeah for sure From the seventies. cause it seems like It definitely like actually played a part in ramping up ambulance services. Yeah, And. So this is I think 1971 or 72 when it premiered And. Remember the Emergency Medical Services Act wasn't passed until 1973. That White Paper had come out in 1966. So this idea of like this new type of medicine, And, this new type of like healthcare worker was really on America's mind.


but one of the ways It got There was from That TV show emergency in part. cause it was shot like documentary style. People played themselves on It. Like There were real dispatchers on the show acting as dispatchers. It just captured America's imagination. Yeah I. Remember watching it Do you I I. Don't think I ever saw an episode of it. Yeah. It was emergency with an exclamation point. And ran 77 And. It was mainly two dudes, two firefighter characters is What the story centered on And. One of them was a young Kevin Tig or Teague. He was, did you ever see Roadhouse Yeah? He was the owner.


He's a character actor. He is been in million things. Oh, Yeah, he owned the Double Deuce Yeah. He's great. Yeah I. Can't remember What else I've seen. I've seen him young before. I Wonder if It was emergency. Now That, you me it maybe Huh. Maybe I have cause it. I'm a big Jack. I've Been ran reruns For sure It did. but I'm a Jack Webb fan. And I. Think he produced or created it. You're a big Jack We guy. Are you not? I? Don't know. He's the dude from Dragna. He's Sergeant Friday. Yeah I. Guess I. Need to think about That Yeah. He's awesome. I'll let you know Man. If, you go back. And watch like old episodes of Dragnet. Oh my god. Yeah That was a good show. Yes It was And it think emergency.


Maybe Adam 12 is like the direct spinoff of Dragnet. Maybe that's What I'm thinking of. but it swear I know. Exactly. What you're talking about with the Teague fella from Roadhouse. And that wasn't Dragnet. Colonel Potter. Yes Harry Morgan, right? We had a Emily And. I had a long conversation about Mash the other day. And how That was. I was a mash nut. Yeah And. How That show was one of the few to survive. Like major cast changes. Oh, Yeah had Had like three of them. Yeah I. They certainly didn't like, like big stars, like Co-Stars, I. Think one of the few people who made It through was a Alder Right.


He was there the whole time. Yeah And like Hot Lips, I Think was the same. And, a few others. but they had like radar, And, clinger, Yeah, they were there whole Thing. Although they coexisted I think. but eventually Radar left And. Klinger took his job, they Potter took over for what's his face? The original guy, I don't remember, but he wore the fishing hat. Yeah. He was, oh man, the saddest ending ever for That one What When he left Yeah I, remember he got his papers to go home. And, everyone was all excited and that he was killed in a helicopter crash. What Don or a plane crash. I Don't remember. That On his way out. Wow. and that of course, Frank Burns left And was replaced by Winchester and that Trapper left And was replaced by Honeycutt.


Right. but it just, It was still great. all well it got, it wasn't as great at the very end. I don't know man. Goodbye. Farewell And. Amen was one of the all time best last episodes ever. No. True for sure. But you're saying they pulled it together at the at the, in the last episode. I. Think I. Remember the last like couple of seasons? It was a little bit like, you know this, maybe it had run its course Huh I Get you. but it was a very discerning 12-year-old viewer. Yeah I. Guess so Yeah like they've really gone to the the Hooch gin joke too many times this episode. It is funny though, That like little 12-year-old me thought like the funniest thing in the world was war surgeons, drunk war surgeons, Right, drunk philandering, war surgeons.


s All Right And, We really got off track there. Yeah, maybe We should take a third break. No Don Don't Think so. I don't think We should either. So we're talking about Paramedics today. Yes, believe it or not, And, one of the things We talked about was the idea That That Paramedics. Well let's talk a little bit more about their job, right? Okay. One of the things That Paramedics are sometimes criticized for is That. They don't run to the scene of an emergency. I've Never thought about That once. You haven't I. I really hadn't either. but that I started thinking about it. I'm like, Yeah. I could totally see That I apparently for some people who are at an emergency scene. And see the Paramedics just kind of walk up.


They appear a little too casual. And, they wanna know, What, are you doing, why aren't you rushing to this scene? And, Paramedics, I. Think We saw like a question answered on Cora or Se Cora or something like That. And. A paramedic explains, there's actually a number of really good reasons why Paramedics, why you don't see them running to the scene. First of all, they're gonna park as close as they can. Sure. So That running is only gonna shave a couple seconds off. but really the number one reason, or one of the top reasons is That. They are supposed to be, they're supposed to bring with them to this scene of catastrophic, catastrophic panic. Basically. Calm, And, professionalism.


And being in control. Yeah, I get That like I. Think It would be a little disconcerting if I was injured. And, I saw a paramedic burst into the room, like breathing heavy. Like, oh my God, what's going on? What's going on? Is Everybody okay? Yeah. Plus, they might get hurt running. That's another one. And, they're usually, you know, or not usually, but it would say probably a lot of times it's not like they're walking through a, you know, a perfectly laid pathway. Like they Could be running upstairs or through a, a house of hoarders or you know, through the woods. Like, you don't know what's going on, right? you gotta be careful on your way there. Yeah, And, you have to be going slow enough.


That, you can assess What. The the risks you're walking into are Yeah as you're walking into 'em. Sure. Rather than running into it, And being like, oh, the guy who shot you still here waiting for me. Yes, you know, now That, I've run into the scene. I know That, but it's terrible. It's also kind of hard to run from place to place depending on the equipment That they're carrying with them. Those stretchers get heavy. The EKG machines get heavy, the defibrillators get heavy. all That stuff gets heavy. So there's a number of reasons why you won't see a paramedic rushing to the scene. Yes, you will see rushing to the scene in the ambulance though And from What I understand That driving in the ambulance or riding in the ambulance is the most dangerous part of the entire job.


Yeah And. Here's another tip. Aside from being nice to your EMT or paramedic, is don't call them ambulance drivers Yeah. Cause that's part of their job. And, it's a weird thing too. That there. It's not like they hire a driver who's super skilled at That and that they have other people. and there That do the work. Right like they do double duty. They have to learn to drive like That, And. I mean while EMTs or Paramedics, Yeah, And. So you know, if, if you've ever seen an ambulance going through an intersection, they're gonna slow And, And maybe even stop. and that proceed. They still get broadsided very frequently by people going through the intersection.


cause they're, they have a green light And, they're not paying attention. They'll, they'll hit an ambulance, like t-bone an ambulance, Yeah And, the driver's probably, okay, or I should say the paramedic driving is, is probably okay. but the Paramedics in the back, they probably aren't lashed down in any way, shape, or form. cause they're working on the patient Yeah, And. So they're getting thrown around. And can get injured. And killed themselves That way. So that's the, the most dangerous aspect of the job from What. I, I've seen Yeah. Another interesting thing That I saw from That list you sent was That. If you're in a big city, a lot of times they even have divided up between EMT, And paramedic for different cases.


So like, if, if there's a scene of trauma going on, like a car accident, that you're more likely to get an EMT. Whereas if you're at home And, you're like, my husband's having a heart attack, or my child's having a seizure, that you're more likely to get a paramedic. Yeah, which is interesting. Yeah And if in cities as well, if you're a paramedic, you probably, once you get into your ambulance, you're basically stationed at the ambulance for the rest of your 12 hour shift. You're, you don't go back to like the firehouse or to the ambulance clubhouse or anything like That. you the ambulance Clubhouse. You, you're like on a designated street corner parked, waiting for your next call.


Yeah probably killing time somehow. but You were you, there's, there's not very much downtime on, unlike in a, in a city especially. The opposite is true for more rural EMTs. And, Paramedics, And, That. There's a lot of downtime. So much so That, this guy who was actually one of the consultants on That show of emergency years back, he became a minister of Health I think in Nova Scotia. Yeah And. He, he created this program for rural EMS workers to use their downtime in much the same way. That, like a country doctor would've made house calls Yeah.


So like, wasn't the idea That, they would go to places And sort of help train like regular citizens on how to avoid getting hurt And stuff to begin with, right? Yeah like, like doling out preventative medicine, like making sure That Yeah people are taking their medicines correctly, teaching CPR classes, And teaching leading exercise classes for like seniors at a senior center like doing all this stuff to reduce the number of calls That they have to go on anyway. So it cuts down on their downtime, which I think is actually very much appreciated by Paramedics. 'cause there's really nothing more boring than sitting around Yeah constantly and that they're actually doing something.


And And also making their community a healthier place. Yeah I thought It was funny when they were talking to some real on the ground Paramedics about the downtime. They were like, well, HBO goes kind of awesome, right? Yeah Like, oh well I guess you gotta pass the time. It's better than Nicholas Cage And bringing out the dead What. Did he do? cause it remember That movie, but it don't remember all the details of It? He, well, It wasn't That great. I liked It. He did tons of drugs. Oh, okay. That's why he Was, was off I. Think was like a speed freak or something. I gotcha, you Yeah Yeah. He kept begging to be fired. Right I don't remember It very, very well at all. Actually, I I think he did. Like That was his shtick.


He be, he begged to be fired. Huh. So one of the things about those That downtime, the community, community preventative medicine initiatives, That have kind of spread from Nova Scotia out through around the country. When you see a paramedic doing That, they're, they're not being paid. Or at the very least their unit or their county or their city is not being paid for That, which is a huge problem. Yeah, this is where I got a little confused. The way I was reading this was Medicaid, And, Medicare, And stuff. And insurance companies will reimburse only if they have transported someone to a hospital Yes.


So in other words, If, you go as an ambulance, And a paramedic or EMT to a place And, you actually can just help And treat someone there. And, they don't need to go to the hospital. that, that's a freebie Yes or did they send a bill to the people As from What I? Understand it's a freebie. I don't I It It probably since It is such a patchwork of systems all around the country, I'm sure That, you could live somewhere where you, the person would get a bill for That, I think, as a matter of fact you do, No matter where you live. but Medicaid, And, Medicare won't pay for It. So There is, there is a substantial reason to say keep working chest compressions on a person who is obviously dead all the way to the hospital.


Interesting. So That, you can like bill Medicaid for That transport or getting somebody to go to the hospital even though they don't need to. So That, you can bill Medicaid for That. That as well. And. The, the problem is That That leads to other problems as well. Like hospital ERs are very much overcrowded. And, understaffed. And overworked, right? Yeah. So when you show up with another person, that's one more person they have to deal with. And a apparently it creates a bit of a Conflict. Yeah, there's a cultural conflict between the people, the Paramedics, And, those EMTs bringing people to the er, And, the people who staff the er And are accepting these people And so much.


So That, there's, it's become kind of common for er rooms to, to issue ambulance diversions, right? Saying don't bring anybody to our er. Go somewhere else. Yeah. And on a really bad night in a really populated city, you might find every single er room, like with That diversion alert on Yeah And. you gotta take somebody out to like a country hospital. That doesn't know anything about trauma. And, it takes 45 minutes to get There And You were, they're not gonna get the care they could receive at a good trauma center in the city. So that's a real problem. Yeah And isn't too, in terms of pay And, We need to here from people on the ground.


cause this, it's surprisingly confusing Yeah, when you research this on how it all works. And, maybe that's the point. but It seems like it's also a fixed rate. There's No difference between I treated a kid for an allergic bee sting reaction to I brought a guy back from the dead who had had a heart attack or heart failure. Yeah is That, right? Yeah. So long as you transport both of them to the hospital, That, you're gonna get I. Think I saw as low as 25 bucks from Medicaid in some places. I don't understand this. The numbers just do not add up. I don't get it at all. I know That. Some places, some counties And cities fold their EMT or EMS workers under their fire departments.


So That, they, they fall under the fire department's funding, which I think fire departments tend to be way better funded than any kind of EMS service. So I think that's how, that's one way That. It happens, but it I just I don't, I don't get how this, how this actually works. Moneywise 'cause it It doesn't add up. It doesn't make sense. Yeah I mean it's not often That. We're a little stymied. So we're gonna follow up for sure with some emails. but it think it's also gonna vary from place to place, right? cause the other thing That, I got really confused about was private. The privatization of ambulance services. Yeah, And as best That as I can tell, is in the seventies And eighties, there were a lot of small private ambulance companies.


but that they merged into more regional things. And, That these days, there's just a few, like big multinational companies, That are the most dominant in the industry, Right? But it don't get how That works. Like if they're private, are they like working with only private hospitals or can they go go to a state hospital? I, think That, they can get a contract from the state. They can be, they can have a license to operate within a state or a county or wherever. And it think they go wherever they're called to I know That. There can be like competition among them. So like multiple ambulances will show up at a scene. Sometimes it's just, it's, it's, it's kind of a, a a bit of a cluster as far as competing with the local EMS services.


And, I think it's on the decline from What. I've seen Yeah. But when you call 9 1 1, do you have a choice? So What, you can do I. Think it's kind of like Uber where like they, they, the 9 1 1 dispatcher has a log of companies or services like public funded or private services. That, That, It can be issued to And. They send out the alarm And, whoever takes the call goes And gets it. Interesting. So the problem is, is I saw a Las Vegas review journal article about this. Las Vegas was debating whether to just totally privatize their EMS services. And, their EMS just like went berserk. They're like, No like this is, this doesn't work.


The private companies are late I think they were late, like 10,000 Plus times in one year in El in Las Vegas. Their response time tends to be less than the actual fire department or emss. It's just not as, it, it's just not as preferable. And, the reason why ambulance, private ambulance services came about or be became widespread is this I, this idea. That You Should just privatize everything. and that That competition will keep everything going. Right, And, That hasn't necessarily panned out to be the case. And from What. I. See, New York is actually scaling back on theirs, right? Yeah, I. Think Giuliani is one of the people. That really tried And of course, you know, No surprise given his politics trying to privatize the industry.


but apparently a lot of those had gone out, gone bankrupt basically. Yeah, And And. The, during the, during the housing boom, the financial collapse. Strangely, or maybe not strangely 'cause I don't understand it, a lot of private equity firms started buying up ambulance services. Yeah, that's, there you go. There's the downfall. It's just so interesting. I know That. This is one of those where someone's gonna knock our socks off with a great email. Yeah I think also one more thing about the private ambulance services. It's not like they're just a bad idea all around. Sure. In a, in a locale, That is underserved. If a company wants to come, And set up ambulance services.


That would be great for That area. Yeah. cause they have a far, you know, they have, they, they can get places faster in an ambulance. And, they Could be before in a place where you've got your EMS, overstretched, And, the county's like No. We're not hiring a single additional EMS worker. A company That sets up shop can actually take up the slack. Like There are good aspects to it. Like it's not just like some terrible idea. but in practice That hasn't worked out as well as, as one would hope from What I understand Yeah, But Yeah EMS workers, like email us, like explain this cause it really like you I do not get who's footing the bill It has to be insurance companies and that If you don't have insurance.


It has to be just the, the person, the individual. Yeah, And, I. Think We have We Wade into the waters of doing a 9 1 1 Podcast once. And didn't, isn't That correct? cause it was I mean we'll do It at some point. but it remember thinking, oh that's a good easy-ish one And. It ended up like being super convoluted. Yeah I. Think I, think We should do That. We should also do just ERs in general too. Yeah. So that's a bit about Paramedics. Sounds like there's way more to It, right? Yeah, but you got anything else for now? No, sir. Okay, well since Chuck said No, sir, it's time for Listen to, to me.


All right, I'm gonna call this We helped the dude win something. Oh Yeah. I love this one. Hey guys been Listen to to your show for about four years. And always wanted to write in, but now I have a great reason. A local store was doing a giveaway a few days ago. And, they posted That the first people to show up. And answer correctly would win a prize. The question was Bacon And eggs was not always a breakfast food. And What year did It become so And, who was the man behind the marketing idea. So this guy sounded super excited cause he knew the answer immediately. I thought of your show And, the uncanny ability of Mr. Edward Bernas to pop up in seemingly strange histories. I remembered your PR episode. And knew It was sometime in the twenties. So I hopped in my car.


And took off for the business. When I got there, I told 'em the answer with a startled look, but told me I'd won a huge case of meat. And not just junky stuff either. This place sells to restaurants, And businesses all across the country. I love That. So I was super stoked. Good meat, Meat. He's like, he's like I won meat And. Not just like terrible meat. Like good stuff too. When they asked if I had to look it up, I told them, No That, I Listen to stuff you Should, Know And. They retained it in the back of my mind. They asked for the name of the show, And, they said they were going to play it for all the workers There during the day. So now they can get more difficult And random questions. That's Awesome.


And. He said It doesn't. and there I went back later in the week. And the same girl I'd spoken to cognize me. So they had two other people come in. That had known the answer from stuff you Should Know as well. all right. Even though We live in super rural Utah, you apparently have a large following. And. That is from John Robeson. Thanks John Robeson I. hope you have a healthy EMS service out there to come find you after you eat That box of meat. Yeah And. you know What, let's here from Salt Lake City. 'cause We have debated a live show. There And just didn't know if We had the support. So I wanna I? Wanna here? It? Okay, And, we'll come there. So We wanna here? We want to here from Utahans?


And EMS Workers Yeah. If We get 10 people. That email us. And say to come to Salt Lake City. We'll come I, I. Think We should set the bar higher than That. Oh, okay. Okay. Well If, you wanna let us know That, you're from Utah. And, you want us to come or you're an EMS worker And, you got some good stories for us. you can send us an email. It's probably easiest to stuff Podcast at how stuff works. Dot com And. As always, join us at our home on the web stuff you Should Know dot com Stuff you Should. Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs, And technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences. And more. You'll soar to new heights. Just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong, their careers s all took off in Ohio. And, yours can too a job That can take you further. And a place you can't wait to come home to have It. all in the heart of It, all launch your search@callohiohome.com.


Hey Friends, Toyota has been building for generations. From pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety, And efficiency, Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with a legendary lineup of in-stock cars, including the high performance 25 Camry, And capable, affordable Corolla. you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a Toyota dot com, the official website for deals. To find out more Toyota, let's go places.


CCBs Thursday Academy Award winner Kathy Bates stars as Matlock in the new CBS original series That critics are calling brilliantly witty with great storytelling. And, a suspenseful joy ride. you won't be able to take your eyes off. Kathy Bates. In this re-imagining of the original classic Madeline Matlock is rejoining the workforce at a prestigious law firm. And. Using her unassuming demeanor, And wily tactics to win cases, And hide a secret from everyone around her. The next great CBS mystery, Matlock continues with a new episode Thursday nine eight Central on CBS And streaming on Paramount Plus.