
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member, FDIC.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple Pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Hey everybody, it's me, Josh, and for this week's select and in honor of Black History Month, I've chosen our 2016 episode on the Negro Leagues. It's a store that follows an arc a lot like another episode we did on the Harlem Globe Trotters, where, where you have a group of people who are discriminated against. So they went off and formed their own league, their own thing showed their greatness, and then were eventually co-opted, which left some of the people who'd helped build what they had out in the cold. And it's also a story though, of great feats of athleticism and social heroics as well. And even if you're not into baseball, I guarantee you'll like this episode. So enjoy.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark with Charles w Chuck Bryant, and there's Jerry and there's the Stuff You Should Know. Sportsy edition. Sportsy. I think really we should err on just the side of history. Well, I even put a note in here If you don't like sports, listen to this one anyway. Yeah. Because this is about much more than baseball. Yeah. This is about history and about Overcoming adversity. Yeah. Like it is a very interesting story because, and we'll get into this, but I think people, it'll be better, tend to think of the Negro Leagues, and that's what this is about, the, the Baseball Negro Leagues, which is what they were called.


Yep. We don't use that word anymore. No, but you call this that because that's what it was. Right. You tend to think of it in a certain way, which is only, yeah. Well, baseball was segregated and they couldn't play in the white leagues, and that's awful. Which it is and was, but there's another side to it too. Yeah. Yeah. This is a good point, Chuck, Where these men and these business owners were empowered and, And the players And the, yeah. And and it's, yeah. That's just a tease. I just wanted to wet their appetite. Oh, you did. For people who hate sports. You read my appetite. I'm sitting here like, keep going. Yeah. So I think we should start with a little bit of history, right? So just a brief primer of American history.


Okay. We'll start with slavery. That's a good place To start. The Trans Atlantic slave trade. Yeah. Built this country. Yep. And frankly, I'm just gonna come out and say it. I think some of the major issues that the United States faces today comes from a lack of accountability for slavery, really is contributing to a lot of the inequality and a lot of the strife that we still face today and have faced over the decades. Yeah. So you've got slavery, and then you had the end of slavery, you had the Emancipation Proclamation, which a lot of people say, oh, well that was great. Abraham Lincoln spoke some magic words and freed the slaves and everything was great.


Yeah. It was just perfectly equal after that, right? N No, no. So it took the, the union to win the Civil War to begin to enforce the Emancipation Proclamation in the south. Yeah. And in Texas, apparently Texas were were among the last holdouts. And there was slavery going on in Texas like years after the Civil War was over. Oh, yeah. Yeah. They were just like, course it's not gonna pay attention to that. Sure. So the civil wars fought the, the part of the, the union victory of the Civil War was coming into the South and saying like, all you Confederates, you guys are out of power. And as a matter of fact, this power vacuum is perfectly willing to be filled by freed blacks.


Yeah. So go ahead, run for office, become judges, like, become part of the, the reconstruction power. And that lasted for a very, very short time. Yeah. The, the white southern former power base who were leading the Confederacy, and even ones who weren't necessarily part of like the actual Confederate government or even the Confederate army. Yeah. But just the people like in your town who used to own the sawmill or whatever. Right. That guy came back in power within a couple years. And the white southerners who'd been supplanted when they came back into power, they remembered the black people who had tried to take their positions. Right. And so it got ugly.


Yeah. And so rather than having actual legal slavery, it came in other different horrible pernicious forms, which came to be called post reconstruction, the Jim Crow South. Yeah. And boy, we need to do one, I've had it on my list for a while on Jim Crow, period. Yeah. How about this, first of all, where'd you get this other good, really good article? It was on the Major League baseball website. Was it? Yeah. In the pre-history section of that one. And this is just to show you the tone of things. In 1857, there was a Supreme Court Chief Justice. Yeah. Roger Tanny, who, it's funny that the way this writer put it, he said he's campaigning hard for his spot in the American Scum Hall of Fame.


I like that. It's pretty funny. Yeah. In his official writing, this is the chief justice of the Supreme Court said Negroes were so far inferior to whites that they had no rights, which a white man was bound to respect. And this is the chief justice of the Supreme Court. Yeah. I think I need to say that like four more times. Yeah. Before it sinks in. That was two or three. This is what was going on despite the Emancipation Proclamation, despite the 14th Amendment. Well, that was actually before it, that was bef that was during the slave the time of slavery. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. True. Yeah. Just to excuse that guy. But After, after that, despite the amendments to the Constitution, despite all of that, it's, it took the, to the 1960s to even begin the slightest bit of real progress.


Yeah, That's true. Not quite true. 'cause it, the history is littered with people who've made advancements. They they did. And I don't wanna knock that, but In a systemic manner. Yeah, totally. You're, you're right. It wasn't until the sixties. But part of the problem too was, and this is a valid point, other courts had said, like, those as Justice Henry Billings Brown said, legislation is powerless to eradicate racial instincts or to abolish distinctions based upon physical differences. Basically what he's saying is like, we can create laws, but you're not gonna change public's mind. Right. By creating laws. And you can't like abolish pres prejudice. Right.


And so if white people think that black people are inferior to 'em, who are we the government to say otherwise? And Yeah, we're gonna try maybe and legislate our way out of it even. Right. So in I think 1896, there was a court case called Plessy versus Ferguson. Yeah. And in Plessy versus Ferguson, the Supreme Court upheld and legitimized and actually made real, the segregation that had already been going on. Right. Ever since reconstruction, or ever since the end of reconstruction, the beginning of Jim Crow laws. Right, right. So the, the United States was officially segregated in 1896, but baseball had actually segregated years before that, but not as far back as people think.


And a lot of people think that baseball had always been segregated up until 1946. Yeah. When Jackie Robinson broke the color barrier. I think 99% of people think that Jackie Robinson was the first black American to play pro baseball, Including me, until yesterday when we started researching this. Really? Yeah. Oh, did you know this already? Yeah. I mean, I, I'm a big baseball fan and a bit of a student of its history. So I knew Oh, okay. So tell him, Chuck, Well, who the guys were specifically? Well, yeah. So in 1867, I think two years after the Civil War, there was already baseball. Remember Abner Doubleday created baseball in what, 1839. Oh. In Like 1300.


And that's, but that's a legitimate story. Right. That's not like he really did. He was the inventor of baseball. Yeah, yeah, for sure. And it did happen in Cooperstown, New York and all that. Right? Yeah. Okay. I don't know, but was he in Cooperstown? I believe so. Okay. Well that makes sense. So within just a couple of decades, there was the National Association of Baseball Players. They were the league, right? Yeah. I mean, not within a couple of decades. A couple of years. Oh really? Yeah. Like literally two years after the end of the Civil War, there was a, a, a African American team called, I actually don't know what their name was, but they were out of Philadelphia. And they said, we wanna join your league, which was the National Association of Baseball Players at the time.


And they were rejected as a team of course, at the time. And but that didn't mean that there were not players individually. Right? That's a huge caveat. Yeah. It was a little bit later in 1886 finally. And not for too long, we had two brothers, Moses Fleetwood Walker and Weld Day Walker. Yep. And Moses, who Do they play for? The Toledo Blue Stocking. That's right. Baby. My hometown integrated baseball team. That's right. In the 1880s. You Were totally right. Moses was, he was older. He played 42 games for the team. Well, they only came along and played in six games.


Moses hit 2 63 that season and they were the son of a physician. Oh yeah. Like the first black physician in Toledo. Nice. And went to college, played baseball at Oberlin, then Michigan. Yeah, that's So I know the Wolverines. I didn't know Oberlin even had sports. Well, this is the 19th century. I think they phased him out, Phased him out in favor of debate, acoustic guitars and debate. I know a lot of people that went to Oberlin, weirdly. Really? Well, my good friend Robert Shadi from Boston that you met that came to our show. Okay. Lucy Wainwright went to Oberlin. Didn't know that David Reese really went to Oberlin.


Okay. And I feel like a couple of other people. Yeah. It's got a nice reputation. Yeah. Great name too. Oberlin. Oberlin, It sounds Ivy League. Yeah. Oberlin. The sound of quality. Oberlin sounds Ivy League ish. Right. That's on their t-shirts. Although we do need to give a shout out. There was one guy in 1879, William Edward White, who substituted and played one game. Oh yeah. Who was officially, and this is a little murky history wise 'cause we don't know much about him or how it happened, but supposedly he played one game as a professional baseball player, as a black man. Is That right? Yeah. And this is when?


1879. Okay. So the Walker Brothers are playing for Toledo in 1886, right? Correct. And actually, this article on how Stuff Works gets it wrong, says that they just played for the team for one year before the team went under. That's not the case. As a matter of fact, the Moses Walker, they may have only played together on the team for that one year. Moses Walker had played for years before them. Yeah. And actually Moses Walker, and there were several other players at the time, in 1886 and 87, there were at least four black players in the miners. But the Walker brothers were playing for Toledo, which was a major league team. Right? Correct.


But the presence of Moses Walker actually brought to the fore this kind of simmering resentment and kind of a, the, the big elephant in the room, there's a black guy on your team. Right. What are you guys doing? And so Toledo actually went to go play the White Sox in Chicago. And the White Sox had this, like their great player of, of that season, I think in 1884. Who was it? Ka Anson. Great nicknames back then. So Kap Anson said, he said some horrible things and ultimately was like, I'm not playing if that man's on the field. Yeah. And Moses Walker was actually injured and still was like, oh, well I'm definitely going on the field today.


Anyway. Yeah. So he dressed out, and I'm not sure if he actually played in the game, but he was like part of the team. And Cap Anson was not indulged. The Toledo was like, we're not taking our guy out. He's one of our players. Nice. So Cap Anson can go suck an egg and Cap Anson went and sucked an egg. He was really mad. But the, the, the issue that day, that dispute at Comiskey Field brought to the, for that, the, the concept of integration and ultimately segregation Yeah. Among Major League baseball teams. And it actually increased the pressure among owners and managers to, to get rid of the black players. Not just in the majors, but in the minors.


Yeah. There was another player too. I read another story about, and we'll, we'll get to Roy Campanella. He was a, he was better than Jackie Robinson at the time. A catcher who was just amazing Hall of famer. And he had a a, there was a white pitcher. It was like, you know, he was a great catcher, but I didn't wanna play with him. So I would, when I pitched to him, I would just ignore his signs and through whatever I want. Like to his own detriment and to the team's detriment. He, he just wouldn't take the signs. What a Putt. I know. Career sabotage, essentially. Yeah. I don't think he lasted long either. And Campanella is in the Hall of Fame, so he can say, Right.


The other guy who knows, I want to give these names all out though. The four black men and the minors in 1866, besides Moses Walker, we had Bud Fowler, Frank Grant and George Stoy. And as far as I'm concerned, all these dudes are American heroes. So all of a sudden they succumbed to pressure in 1890 after hate mail and death threats to, to coaches and managers and umpires and you know, basically everybody, the players themselves. And they said, you know what, we're gonna shut it down officially in 1890. We can no longer have any black men in our league.


So Here's the thing, they never officially did that. They had the minor league ban black players. Yeah. And the way into the major majors was through the minors. Well, and it was never on the rule books either. Right. It was, it was an unofficial non gentleman's agreement. Right. Which, because eventually when it was broken, it wasn't like a rule was broken. Right, right. It was just an unwritten rule. Right. Exactly. Which paved the way for Branch Ricky to, to break that unbroken rule without actually breaking a rule. Yes. Yeah. Good point. Chuck, you want to take a break? Yeah, let's do it.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn, you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just post Your job for free at linkedin.com/sy sk, that's linkedin.com/syk. And you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry do me is like therapy. But for your career. A game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life. Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry me slash stuff and claim a $50 credit. It's strawberry me slash stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Jesus, Let's be real. Life happens, kids still pet shed and accidents are inevitable. That's why you need a washable sofa that can keep up. Our sofas are fully machine washable inside and out. So you can say goodbye to stains and hello to worry-Free living made with liquid and stain resistant fabrics. They're kid proof, pet friendly and built for everyday life. Plus changeable fabric covers. Let you refresh your sofa whenever you want. Need flexibility. Our modular design lets you rearrange your sofa anytime to fit your space. Whether it's a growing family room or a cozy apartment. Plus they're earth-friendly and trusted by over 200,000 happy customers starting at just $699. It's time to upgrade to a stress-free mis proof sofa. Visit washable sofas.com today and save. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Alright man. So 1890, it's now there are, there are no black players Re-segregated In Major league baseball or minor league baseball in America. Right? That's right. That actually paved the way for one of the great unsung chapters in baseball history, which was the creation of the Negro Leagues. Yeah. And a, and a true show of American spirit and determination and just love of the game. These, these men got together, they formed their own teams and they did what's called barnstorming. Yeah. Which Is pretty awesome. And They would load open cars on a bus and they would go from town to town and take their show on the road and they would get a game up wherever they could and wherever people would pay a couple of pennies to come watch a baseball game.


They were playing white players and these barnstorming games. Yeah. Or black players or Latino players. Yeah. Yeah. Because that's a definite overlooked segment of the early baseball history or Latino players. Oh, totally. And one of the cool things about the Negro Leagues is they were integrated. They had, they had Latino teams like the Cuban Kings outta New York, I believe. Yep. And one white guy. Alright. So barnstorming is going on. Like I said, they would roll into town, they would play whatever teams that could play. And it started to gain some momentum. Like people started to follow these players. Yeah. And they actually got fans. And there was a former player named Andrew Rube Foster, who owned one of those teams. And he said, you know what?


I think we need our own league. Yeah. They won't let us in their league. Let's start our own. 'cause besides the fact that people want it, there's money to be made here. Yeah. And as a matter of fact, so this barnstorming thing, I wanna talk a little more about that, right? Yeah. One of the reasons Barnes Storeman came about was to make ends meet. But it was also because these teams had to figure out a way to put on games as cheaply as possible. Yeah. All of the stadiums at the time were owned by whites. And the whites apparently were not very friendly to the idea of black black teams playing in their, their fields. So if it were just like black teams playing one another, the white owners of the fields would just charge an exorbitant amount.


Right. So these guys were going basically anywhere they could find a place that would stand still long enough for them to play a baseball game on. Yeah. That's what they would play. And they'd play like three games a day. Oh yeah. Every day. Yeah. And they all traveled together and like hung out with one another and spent a a lot of time together. So like the, the, the Negro Leagues came out of this kind of comradery of barnstorming together. Yeah. Which is pretty awesome. Yeah. It's very cool. So yeah, this guy, Rube Foster, he owned the Chicago American Giants and confusingly, there was also another negro team called the Chicago Giants Into St. Louis Giants.


Yeah. Yeah. But Be like, there was a New York Giants Versus Chicago. Yeah. But if it was Chicago versus Chicago, well, which one? The Giants. Well which one? The American Giants. Okay. Now I understand. Not just the Giants, But Rube Foster was like this, this booster of boundless enthusiasm. This guy literally put together the first real Negro League. Yeah. And when he was basically removed from it, the whole, the whole thing fell apart. That's how, how much of a driver this guy was. Yeah. He's in the Hall of Fame too. Yeah. He was a catcher, I think. Oh, I don't even think he was in as a player, but he, he was, yeah. I think just for his achievement. I gotcha.


Although he may have been both, I don't know. But in 1920 he said, all right, here's what we'll do. Let me get these seven team owners of the Midwestern league that are doing these, you know, barnstorming traveling shows. Basically let's get together in Kansas City seven all black teams in addition to those two Chicago giants. We had the Cuban stars, the Dayton Marcos, the Indianapolis ABCs, and the very famous Kansas City monarchs. Yeah. And St. Louis Giants all, and this is the really, like, great thing about this story. All of these teams except for the Monarchs were black owned teams. Right. So, so not only do you have black players careers developing Yeah.


You have like black enterprise developing in a, in a time when there were very few avenues of opportunity for black people to advance in business. Yeah. And in in, in a sense where they own the business. This is a really good way to do it. Yeah. And not only that, like the, the Major League baseball site points out like this was like, it should be embraced in some ways. 'cause this at a time was the only one of the only ways that minorities could fully like excel to their fullest potential. Right. You know? And Yeah. And that was a, a point of that article that I thought was pretty cool is that one of the, one of the things they lamented about the segregation of baseball during this time is that we'll never know how Babe Ruth would've stood up against Satchel Paige pitching to him because they never got to play each other.


So the truly great players are truly great at during this time. Yeah. Within their own skin color. Yeah. You know, you can't say they were the greatest in baseball because they were two legitimate parallel leagues going on at the time. And Yeah. They played each other sometimes, but If you wanted to sit down and put stats against stats Right. You'd be very hard pressed to do that. Right. Sure. All Ty Cobb, babe Ruth, Christie Matheson, like we know they were good. Like we're not knocking their talent, but who knows what it would've been like in a truly integrated league. Yeah. And actually it's funny you bring up Ty Cobb 'cause I was like, oh yeah, Ty Cobb was a huge racist. I wonder what he thought about the Negro Leagues.


And I looked it up and I found an article from a guy who argues that Ty Cobb was not the, the horrible racist that he is made out to be these days written By Jimmy Cobb There. He found, well he actually did cite his son and I think his son's name might be Jim or Jimmy. Really? Yeah. Oh wow. But the guy found an article from maybe the fifties or something, 1952 where Ty Cobb is quoted at length coming out in favor of integration integrated baseball. Really? Yeah. Huh. Saying like, of course these guys should play as long as, you know, they conduct themselves like professional baseball players. Like why would they not be able to play? I'm totally in favor of it.


Interesting. Is like Ty Cobb say this, I think that bears more research. Yeah. You know, because he was supposedly very racist. Yeah. That's not what this guy says. All right, well I'm gonna look Into that. That's not what his son says. I'm not doubting you. Of course. I just want to Sure. No, I'm with you. I understand. So we talked about the integration of the Negro Leagues, which is awesome. Pretty soon other leagues formed, not just teams. Yeah. There was one right here in the south in Negro Southern League with teams from right here in Atlanta. Dude, do you know the Atlanta team played directly across the street Co Leon Park. Yeah. Where there's now a Staples and a Home Depot and a PetSmart and A Whole Foods.


Yeah. How like funny is that? Yeah. If you walk into Whole Foods and listen, you can hear the ghost of a back cracking on a ball. Yeah. This, I don't think this was the first team in Atlanta that played in the Negro Southern League. 'cause they folded that same year. But the Atlanta Black Crackers, we also had the Atlanta crackers, which was the white team. We had the Atlanta Black Crackers. And it sounds funny that we say Pons Leon, not Elli, but that's how we say it here. It's the street that fronts our office building. Punt De Leon himself would've punch you in the stomach if he heard you say his name like that though. But that's the street in Atlanta that fronts our office. And If you go and look on the internet, you can see these awesome pictures of this cool little baseball stadium right there.


Hundreds of feet from where we sit. Yeah. Really neat. Yeah. And now you have Whole Foods. Now you can, or You just have to listen closely. Go pay $7 for artisan mayonnaise. Yeah. If you're lucky. $7. Oh, that's just for the the Just for one smear. Yeah. Just one smear. Did you hear Whole Foods got caught? Like with Uncalibrated scales for their hot bar stuff. Like it's not already expensive enough. Right. Yeah. That that's crazy. Awful. I expect a lot more from them. Yeah. You know, never get anything with bones at one of those. Oh, never.


Or liquid, What a waste. Yeah. You throw half of that chicken leg away. Yeah. You paid for it. Sure. Or just, you know, grind that chicken bone up and eat it and get your money's worth. Yeah. Like Peel off with your teeth, spit the meat into your, into your little basket and throw the bone back into the hot bar. Yeah. Oh, I didn't think about that. Sure. That's a great idea. And And you can say I'm no chump. Yeah. I'm just go around screaming I not paying for that bone. All right. So where are we? Where the, the Negro Southern League folded. The Eastern Colored League open in 1923. And then finally in 1928 the American Negro League formed. And that was, that was when things like they, they called eventually the American Negro League and the American, I'm sorry, the National Negro League.


The majors of the Negro Leagues. Right. Like that was where the, the creme de la creme played. Right. And the, the everything's going pretty smoothly except two things happen. Right. There was even like a Negro League World series. Yeah. It's a best of nine. The Kansas City Monarch. Oh was it really? Yeah. The Kansas City Monarchs narrowly beat the Hilldale team. They're from Darby, Pennsylvania, which I guess is near Philadelphia in the first one in 1924. So there's like, there's a, there's these leagues have established themselves by 19, 19 24 they have their own World series going. Right. Yeah. But just within a few years there are a couple of hits to the league that ultimately led to the, the Negro majors disbanding.


One is that Rube Foster suffered gas poisoning in a hotel room. Oh, is that across it? Yeah. In a hotel room in Indianapolis. He was found unconscious. Yeah. And there's some theory that like everyone believed in ghosts and spirits and mediums in the 19th century. 'cause they were all being poisoned by the natural gas that was like leaking into their kitchens and homes the time. Interesting. Right. Well this guy had like an acute poisoning. Yeah. And was found unconscious. And after that, when he regained consciousness and was nursed back to health, he lost his mind and he just kept getting worse and worse. And by 1925, I think this happened in 19 24, 19 25, he was institutionalized.


Yeah. And by 1930 he died of a heart attack at age 51. Yeah. And again, his guidance was so integral in this first incarnation of the Negro Leagues that, you know, when he wa was institutionalized, obviously they weren't like, well what does the league do next? Yeah. He was in an institution and the league started to falter and fall apart. And eventually that coupled with the depression, the onset of the depression Yeah. Really kinda led to the unraveling of the first Negro League. Yeah. And this the major league baseball site. You know, these were they profited on certain days of the week? Yeah, Sundays were big days 'cause they were played doubleheaders.


But the fact is, black Americans didn't have a lot of expendable money to throw at going to baseball games. Sure. Even though they're, you know, pretty cheap. That was commiserate with what people made at the time. Unless You were one of the Walker brothers whose dad was a physician. Yeah. They probably had a little money Sure. But they were playing. So I'm sure their parents got in for free Probably. So. So it's all just a moot point. I wonder If they did get free family tickets back then. I Would hope so. I That's gotta be as old as tickets. Right. Probably We, we gotta do an episode on tickets Guess list. So they were making a little money on Sundays. They weren't hugely profitable overall, even though they were known as somewhat successful.


Like No, a lot of these guys were still barnstorming on their off days. Yeah. And these are the players, you know, trying to make ends meet. Like the owners themselves were struggling here and there. White people came to see games sometimes, especially when they were exhibition games against white teams. Right. 'cause they loved to go out there and see the, see something they had never seen before. Yeah. Which many times was the black team mopping the floor with the white team? Yeah. Although it seemed pretty evenly matched. Like from what I gathered, it wasn't like lopsided one way or the other. Yeah. Like they were good competitive games. Yeah. There are plenty of white players who are better than the black players and there are plenty of black players who are better than white players.


Yeah. Yeah. I would say evenly match is a good way to put it. So If you had an Itegrated league, you would get the best of both. Right. Which is eventually what we got. Plus also in some of these cities, Chuck these, there, there were not just baseball was segregated, but just within the city you had a white team and you had a black team. Right. And that's, that's evidenced in the names of some of the black teams. Like the black crackers, right? Or the black Yankees. Yeah. Yeah. There were the Yankees and then there were the crackers. Right. Right. So If you were a white player or a white person, you're probably a fan of the white team and you weren't going and watching the black teams play. Right. So they list out four things here on the site. They say the two leagues, the, the American and National Negro Leagues were northern and basically city dwelling teams.


Right. Couple that with, there weren't a lot of black people living in northern cities at the time. The south was, you know, was way more, well I don't wanna say integrated, but it wasn't integrated way more black people living in the south at the Time. Yeah. Which is, I wonder why the Southern Negro League didn't take off like a rocket then. Yeah. I mean probably for the other reasons. Like you couldn't afford to go to the games and all that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good point. Black people that were in the north didn't have a whole lot of money. And so basically all that adds up to not a lot of audience buying tickets. And the only way to keep a league afloat is to sell tickets and to sell concessions. Right. Same as it is today. Yeah. So all those things, couple with Rube Foster And the Depression, their, Their greatest champion and probably sharpest mind, sadly succumbing to mental illness and then the Depression.


And that was the end of the beginning of the Negro Leagues. Right? Yeah. That was the end of the first one. Yes. And there were more to come and we'll talk about it right after this


Learning stuff. Let's be real. Life happens, kids still pet shed and accidents are inevitable. That's why you need a washable sofa that can keep up. Our sofas are fully machine washable inside and out. So you can say goodbye to stains and hello to Worry-Free Living made with liquid and stain resistant fabrics. They're kid proof, pet friendly and feel for everyday life. Plus changeable fabric covers. Let you refresh your sofa whenever you want. Need flexibility. Our modular design lets you rearrange your sofa anytime to fit your space. Whether it's a growing family room or a cozy apartment. Plus they're earth friendly and trusted by over 200,000 happy customers starting at just $699. It's time to upgrade to a stress-free mis proof sofa. Visit washable sofas.com today and save. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long and Get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos, hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair every style, every home.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If anyone's ever said you snore loudly or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Alright. So it didn't take long. The old saying you can't keep a good man down. People wanted to play baseball, they were good at it. They thought there was more money to be made in leagues. And so what happens is these numbers guys Yeah. Get involved. Yeah. And a numbers man is, the numbers game was basically like an illegal unsanctioned street lottery. Right. So numbers guys had a lot of money and some of them said, you know what, let's put money into starting baseball teams in leagues. Yeah. And one guy in particular in Pittsburgh, Gus Greenley, great name, he was a bar owner in Pittsburgh.


He bought the Pittsburgh Crawfords in 1931. He said, well I've got a team but I don't have a league. So two years later he formed the second Negro National League and other numbers guys bought in and all of a sudden they had another league going. Yeah. And this basically kicked off what's known as the golden age of the Negro Leagues. Yeah. Starting about 19 31, 32, 33. When, when these other teams came about And Green League's team himself, was it his, no, I'm sorry. It would've been right across the river. The homestead Grays. Yeah. They eventually migrated back to Pittsburgh. Did they? Over to Pittsburgh.


Yeah. So they were the same team that went from one town to another or they weren't rivals? No, I think there was still the other Pittsburgh team, but from what I understand, the Homestead Grays eventually became part of Pittsburgh. Okay. Or maybe there was another team, I'm not sure. But I do know they eventually went to Pittsburgh because You know Homestead, we've been there. We did a show there. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And I was like, are we going to the right place? Right when the car was taking me. So Homestead used to have not just a team, they used to have the best Negro League team possibly ever. Oh Yeah. Wait, easy For nine consecutive years they won the pennant, Right?


Yeah. Nine years in a row. Josh Gibson. Cool. Papa Bell and Buck Leonard. Some of their stars. Yeah. Just some of them in 1935 they had no less than five Future Hall of Famers on it, on the team five. That's amazing. Point To a team that has five future hall of Famers on it now or ever did. Well some of the Yankees teams did over the years. But like, I don't think anything right now. Oh Yeah, No. Like even the best team right now doesn't have five Future Hall of Famers. Certainly not the Braves. No, we don't have one. I don't know. I could see Freddy Freeman hitting the, the Hall of Fame one day. Mm Oh really? I don't know. I haven't been watching the last couple seasons. No, I mean he's our best player, but Come On, Freddy the best player on the worst team in baseball.


Right. Not very good Casey At the bat. Alright, so we did mention that there were exhibition games going on and things really picked up with the exhibition games now. 'cause they were a little well funded and this is when white players would come and see the teams playing. I mean it, it was basically more popular than ever in both communities. Yes. And well we said that they had the, the Negro League World series going on, right? Yeah. They, there was actually another game that came out of this. I think it was, it might have been Gus Greenley, I think It was, Who came up with it was the East versus West All Stars game.


Yeah. And that became bigger than the World Series in well ever was in the Negro Leagues. Yeah. It was huge. Yeah. So that became kind of like the defacto big game of the year rather than the World Series for 'em. Yeah. And they played it every year I think in Comiskey Field. Oh really? Yeah. In Chicago. Because you know, east, east, west in Chicago. That's right. That's what it says on the t-shirts at least. So players are starting to make some, like the top players are starting to make some pretty good money at the time. You can't go any further without talking about Satchel Page. Leroy Satchel page. Dude, he was a pitcher. Very interesting dude.


Maybe the greatest pitcher of all time in the sport of baseball. Maybe he, he was eccentric. He was an entertainer. Yeah. He was like the Usain Bolt of his day. People loved him. Oh, okay. Except he didn't like to run. That's true. That would make him a little different. He even said he didn't like to run. Yeah. What was his Quote? He said that training for me is rising gently from the bench Back onto the bench. Right. Yeah. So he had, have you ever seen video or I guess, you know, film of him pitching Yeah. With those old timey baggy baseball pants and all. Yeah, that was the, the style. But his, he had a weird windup. He had this sort of double windmill that he would do with his pitching arm.


And then when he was younger, he had a great fastball and he had, he was noted for his control like Greg Maddox, like and his pinpoint control. Yeah. Like supposedly could just put a baseball within a half inch of where he wanted it to be. Which is big, big deal for a pitcher. Sure. As he lost his fastball over the years, he learned basically every pitch under the sun. Like he pitched until he was 59 years old. Yeah. He first, he first signed in the majors, white majors at 42. Yeah. 42 rookie, 42-year-old rookie. Technically He was the, he's the oldest rookie ever in the, in major league baseball.


And I think the oldest pitcher ever. Oh As well. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He was even older than Gaylord Perry. How old was he? He was in his forties. Oh, was he like Nolan Ryan, Gaylord Perry gay, A few pictures. Nolan Ryan made it to 50, No not 50, but he came Close. Like pitchers notably have been a little older. Which Is crazy because like They're arms Yeah. Yeah. But they're not, you know, they're not like running around and batting like other players. Yeah. But You're right, like Freddie Freeman, Like the stress on the, the stress on the arm is amazing. So One thing that that was problematic or is problematic when you're going back and looking at the Negro Leagues is that a lot of teams were allowed to, depending on the league, were allowed to set their own schedules.


Yeah. Stats weren't kept quite as well as they were in the white leagues. Yeah. We don't know Satchel Paige's real lifetime stats. No. But in full There are some estimates. Yeah. And they are high. Oh yeah. So one that I saw was that Satchel page had, I think it was in this, this article on mlb.com, which eventually we'll say the author's name, right? Yeah. They said that he had 300 career shutouts, 300 career shutouts. And this guy says in italics not wins. Yeah. Shutouts, right? Yeah. If you don't know baseball shutout means you have pitched a game where no one scored a run.


Right. And back then there were probably complete game shutouts, meaning he never came out and was relieved by another pitcher. Right. He would've pitched like all nine innings Back in the, in the day they used to do that way more than they do now. Okay. So he had 300 career shutouts 1500 wins is the estimate that it, that's on mlb.com. Yeah. To put that into perspective for non-baseball fans, again, If you have 300 wins, Wins, not shutouts wins, Then you're a hall of famer. Yeah. And in fact, they don't think there will ever be another 300 game winner again because of, they're more pitchers in the rotation now. They usually have five guides instead of four.


They don't pitch as deep into games. They rest them a lot more. So it's just, we may not ever see that happen again. Right. Just 'cause of the way it's built. It to also put in perspective, Cy Young is regarded as one of the best pitchers ever in, in Major League baseball. Sure. They named the top award after him. Exactly. He had 76 Shutouts, Which is amazing. He had the most wins ever, still in Major League baseball at five 11. So Satchel Paige had conceivably three times more wins Yeah. Than the, the, the highest win count ever in Major League Baseball. Baseball. And that's counting his entire career, I assume. Yeah. Yeah. Which again was very, very long.


Sure. It was a very long career. But that just makes it all the more amazing, especially as he gets older. Yeah. Like Let, let's say that people don't say don't count the Negro Leagues as being in the top league at the time. Like cut it in half and he's still way ahead of everybody else. Yeah. If you subtract 50% of everything he did. And the fact that he sat in a rocking chair in the dugout and had like a huge personality, it's just awesome. Yeah. So he learned all sorts of pitches by the end of his career. He was pitching knuckle balls and he, he was famous for the, the hesitation pitch which he invented, which was when he got to the white major leagues, they were like, that's illegal. Right. If you can't do that, it's called a bulk.


Yeah. And he was like, all right, well No. He is like, no, it's called a hesitation pitch. Don't you know, It was very sneaky. You know, it's like you, you act like you're pitching then you stop and 'cause his theory, he was like, you know, I got guys up there that are starting to swing 'cause I'm so fast. Like when they see me winding up, they're starting to swing. Yeah. So if I just put a little slight pause there, then they're swinging and then the ball comes. So it was a very, very tricky little pitch. And he was making between 30 and 40 grand a year. And the Negro, and this is also with appearances and stuff like that. Right. But in the Negro Leagues, which is about half a million dollars today.


Yeah. Amazing amount of money at the time. You know, And those, those appearances, If you were a team owner that had such a page on your team, you might let 'em go, make some scratch and probably take a cut yourself by lending him to another team whose attendance was struggling. Yeah. And all you had to do was advertise for a week that Satchel Paige was gonna be pitching one day and you would sell out. So he would help other Negro League teams that were Oh, right. That, that were struggling. Yeah. To be a draw. Yeah. And here's one little cool thing about our own Atlanta Braves. In 1968, satchel Paige was lacking one more season to get his major league baseball pension and was out of the league and retired.


And the Atlanta Braves signed him as a player coach Like Terry Pendleton. Yeah. He was never a player coach, was he? No, but he was a player and then a coach. Oh. Oh yeah. Pete Rose was a player coach. Was He really? Like he managed the Reds and played for them. I didn't Know that. And Bet on them. Yeah. But they signed him to a one year deal so he could get his major league baseball pension. That is Awesome. Which is really cool. Class Act. What Year was that? 1968. That's really cool. Yeah. Go Braves. So you, If you see a picture, when I saw a picture of him in the Braves uniform, I was like, wait a minute, he never played for the Braves and he really didn't. It was, it was sort of, you know, just a little sneaky way to get him in there.


That's Cool. Which Is great. Alright. So Satchel Paige is killing it. Other players are killing it. It would not be long before somebody in the white leagues somebody said the talent is too good. Somebody has to be the first to make this move and break the color barrier. Yeah. Right. You know, that was the thing like this, the, the Negro Leagues were ultimately as we'll find out victims of their own success. The, the players that they supported and and brought into the game were of obvious major league caliber. Oh yeah. In any major league.


They were the best in the world. They were just playing on segregated teams. And so finally a a, a group of people, but especially it usually comes in the form of one guy named Branch Ricky. Yeah. Did Tom Hanks play him? No. Harrison Ford? No. Maybe. Well I didn't see the most recent Jackie Robinson movie. That's what I'm think of was Harrison Ford. Maybe I've seen him portrayed in other movies. I can't tell if it was him or not because the actor didn't have a diamond stud earring in. But Harrison Ford could have taken it out for the role. This guy named Branch Rickey. Was he an executive or a manager for the Dodgers?


He was, he was with, he was an executive with the Dodgers. Okay. And he said, and this was when they were in Brooklyn, right? Yeah. He said, this is ridiculous there, we need to break this color barrier. There's plenty of great players out there that I wanna sign. I'm gonna break this unspoken rule. And he looked around to find a player who was not only good Yeah. But who he felt could withstand this horrendous Yeah. Reception that whoever the first black player would be would definitely receive For sure. And he did receive and he found it in the, in the person of Jackie Robinson. Yeah, that's a, that's a huge point. 'cause like I said, Ja, Roy Campanella was probably a better player at the time.


Mm. Than Jackie Robinson. But If you see the Jackie Robinson story, I didn't see the recent one, like I said, but I just know a lot about his story. He was the right guy. He had the temperament, he had the leadership. Roy Campanella take your head off. Well he, yeah, he did. He was a tough guy. Yeah. But Jackie Robinson was, was the man in every way. And we should also shout out to the, the road being paved by people like Joe Lewis and Jesse Owens before Jackie Robinson. Yeah. As far as just white America accepting mainstream black athletes into their lives. Yeah. And I don't know if it was on this or on, there's a site called negro league baseball.com that has a really good article called the Negro League Baseball 1 0 1 or something like that.


Yeah. And it's just, it's just the basics. There's a definite story to the whole thing. Right. Yeah. But they point out that probably more than anything that helped break the color barrier was blacks serving in World War ii Oh yeah. Serving alongside white soldiers and, and stories coming back from the fronts of like, Hey, these guys are killing Germans just as fast as any, any white guy. Yeah. And at the time America was like, well we love that about People. Exactly. So when they returned, the black soldiers came home to a, a different America that they helped change by fighting in World War ii.


That's pretty cool. And I mean that the timing of this apparently is not coincidental that Jackie Robinson was signed in 1946. Yeah. A year after World War ii. I mean, for sure. Yeah. So Branch Rickey was, he was a very puritanical guy. He would often lecture players on sex and drinking and stuff. And he was, he wasn't just some benevolent, benevolent champion of the black man. Yeah, that's that's a good point man, because a lot of times stories like this end up being about the guy who took the chance Right. And paved the way for the black player to, but he Did. He did. Like he was an idealist. The Emphasis, it's just too easy sometimes for the emphasis to go onto that where it's like, well the black player like became, he was one of the greatest baseball players of all time.


Exactly. Let's, let's put it this way, if Branch Ricky hadn't wanted to sell tickets by fielding a good team, he would've never signed Jackie Robinson. He was a businessman. It's a good, good point. The Dodgers sucked at the time. Did they? And but he was an idealist. I mean he was very much like, no. Like this is wrong and they should be allowed to play. Yeah. So, okay. So he was a complex human being like all other human beings. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He can't just be shoehorned into an easy caricature. No, that's great. So Branch Ricky, complicated human being, he selected Jackie Robinson and it was a great selection. Yeah. Jackie Robinson played one year in the minors, which was ridiculous. They should have just like he spent his entire life playing in the miners.


They should have just promoted him right away. But I think they just wanted to ease that transition. He won the batting title in the minors, his only year there, and then won Rookie of the Year in his very first year with the Brooklyn Dodgers. Yeah. And that was April 15th, 1947 was when he made his debut, which was very, very historic day. Yeah. An amazing day. The BA major league baseball has really like honored Jackie Robinson to the fullest now. Yeah. And they should. Great. But Jackie Robinson definitely threw up in the floodgates within four months of Jackie Robinson being signed or no, I guess actually being called up to the majors.


Yeah. Two other guys were signed both in July and I think that year there were a number of other black players suddenly playing for white major league baseball, which is suddenly not you now just major league baseball. Not white major League baseball. That's right. Yeah. Larry Doby, Cleveland Indians, Willard Brown, the St. Louis Browns, Henry Hank Thompson, the St. Louis Browns, Dan Bankhead, Leroy Satchel page made it finally, and of course, Roy Campanella among others, these were the first African Americans in Major League baseball. And by 1952, just a few years later, there were 150 black players.


And by 1954, all but four major league teams had black players there. There were a few holdouts. Yeah. The Boston Red Sox, notably were the last, they waited till 19 59, 13 years after Jackie Robinson's debut season. Yeah. In the, in the minors. So With the signing of Jackie Robinson and all the players to follow, like you hinted at earlier, and like this article plainly says, it was, it was a very bittersweet end. In one way it was great. The color barrier was smashed, the league was being integrated and they were getting their due. Although it was a struggle. But in another way, it was also sad that this league that had so much gumption and such a, a great, like we'll do it ourselves then attitude.


Right. And empower these men to play and these people to own these teams and start their own leagues. So it was definitely like a, a weird time in history. Yeah. It is. Like, I think nowadays there's much more of a, a reverence and a bit of mourning for the disappearance of that league. But you know, in another way, like I said, it was smashing the color barrier was way more Sure. Way more better. Just went into Hulk speak. So the, yeah. It would've been a much more satisfying end of the whole thing if the Negro Leagues had poached the best players in the white Major League baseball. Oh, actually, you know what the best possible thing could have been was if the white Major leagues absorbed those teams and owners and ownership.


Oh yeah. As part of one big league. Nice. But they were like, no, we're just gonna take your players. Yeah. Give them to us. Yeah. So that is Negro League baseball. The history of it. Yep. Officially disbanded in 1948. And this article says into the 1950s, there were still a few teams playing here and there. And in the early 1960s even there was like one final team, or I guess one final pair of teams. I guess they had to play somebody still playing. Right? Or they could scrimmage themselves. Yeah. It says the Negro American League was the last to throw in the town in the early sixties. Yeah. So yeah.


More than one team. And this article makes a point. Today, or at least in 2012, major league baseball was 40% non-white. Which I was like, what? I would've guessed it was the opposite of that, That it was, I would not 60% non-white. I would, 60% of major league baseball players are white. Yeah. And you know, there's a big push, I think like the, one of the least represented demographics now in pro baseball or African Americans. Really? Yeah. Partially because of the rise of Latino players and then partially because they, there's not a big a push to play baseball these days as kids in America.


And so there, there, there's a lot of concerted efforts to try and get baseball going again in black communities, which is awesome. Sure. You know? Yeah, I know. I was pushed, my dad was like, get out there and get hit in the head with the ball. See, I wasn't allowed. I, I had to play church softball. So lame. So then the color bearer's broken and now the last vestige of any sort of color issue is the Native American slurs that are rampant in, in all sports as far as teams go. Yeah. Atlanta Braves once. Once we get past that, maybe it'll be finally totally legitimate.


If you wanna know more about the Negro Leagues, you can type those words in the search bar@howstuffworks.com. You can also go check out this amazing article called Negro Leagues at kaleidoscopic review. It's on mlb.com and check out negro league baseball.com. They have like all sorts of great profiles on the players and all that stuff. Oh, we never said the nicknames. Oh Yeah. Should we rattle off a few of those? Sure. Alright, boy, these are some good nicknames. How about Jelly Gardner or Spoony Palm Turkey Stearns. Turkey Stearns. He's a Hall of Famer. Erni Thompson or Steel Arm Davis, I think you mentioned Cool Papa Bell.


Yeah. Cool. Papa Bell. That is the greatest name ever. Possum Poles, ACE Adams, king Tut, Smokey. Joe Williams. Bullet. Joe Rogan. Not Joe Rogan. Yeah. Joe Rogan. Did you know that? Rats Henderson boy Turkey Stearns. That might be the best. That might be my new hotel pseudonym. Cool. Papa Joe. Yeah, but no one would buy that at a hotel registry. Oh yeah. If you go Up and say Turkey Stearns, they definitely go for, Those are great nicknames. Alright. Oh yeah. Okay, so now I think you said, now that we said Turkey Stearns, it's time for listener mail. This one I'm gonna call short and sweet.


What do you call it when you remember something with a pneumatic device? No, mnemonic Pneumatic. Pneumatic is when you remember it while you're pumping air up and Down it was it nomadic? You remember it while you're wandering around? Pneumonic Of course. Nice. I feel like a dummy. Howdy. Josh and Chuck, a friend recommended your show to me recently and I love it. Love it. You satisfy all my nerdy entertainment requirements while I'm at work. You seem to have a bit of trouble recalling the order of Taxonomic. Taxonomic. There You Go. Categories. Boy, I'm gonna have trouble in this next Show. IES During wooly mammoths.


Not woolly mammoths as our typo originally said. Yeah, it was my fault. That's All right. You just forgot to know. Wally, Here's an easy memory trick we learned in high school biology. Kings play chess on fine green silk kingdom EM class order family genus species. I love that stuff 'cause I will never forget it. Now That's not a mnemonic device, is it? It's pneumatic. I have no idea why this is still in my head over 10 years later. Well, that's exactly why. Sure Katie. So hope that helps. And that is Katie from West Texas. Thanks a lot, Katie from West Texas. We appreciate that.


Kings play chess on green silk Fine, green silk. I'll never remember the fine part. Yeah, If you want to get in touch with us, you can send us an email to stuff podcast@housestuffworks.com. And as always, Join us at our home on the web Stuff You Should Know. Dot com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


For adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity, refreshing sleep may be hard to come by and who likes to lag and drag through the day? OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking, or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't Sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lilly U-S-A-L-L-C.


Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know, so you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime. But when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed profile. No rabbit holes. Required


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.