
What's up? It's me. Don, Tover, If. I could describe the open air bud. I would describe it as very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go, And it. Just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


Hey, what if I told you that you could switch your business software to an interconnected suite of programs that's more efficient and simpler than what you're using and would cost a fraction of what you're spending? You might think, oh wow, but You Should. think odu ODU is that suite of software I'm talking about with all the business software you need from CRM to sales to HR on one platform. Discover, how ODU can take your business to the next level by visiting ooo.com. That's o doo.com.


It was a dark and stormy night just like this one. Exactly four years ago today, minus four days that we released the Porcupine episode. Oh, sorry, Halloween's almost upon us. And I. Guess the spirit of the season got in me. At any rate, here's our porcupine episode. We're proud of all of our animal episodes, but this one in particular really takes the cake. So enjoy it with some cake Welcome to Stuff You Should Know A production of iHeartRadio Hey.


and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark and there's Charles w Chuck Bryan over there. And this is Stuff You. Should Know about Porcupines, which this is a great idea, Chuck. Good job. You know the porcupine, when you take away all those quills is just a cute little Guinea pig, basically A giant one. Yeah, a cute big Guinea pig. Speaking of cute Porcupines, dude, do you remember Teddy Bear? The porcupine kinda went a little viral a few years ago. No, you have to watch Teddy Bear the porcupine, specifically Teddy, Teddy bear, the porcupine doesn't like to share on YouTube And.


it is this porcupine eating corn on the cob and making all these sounds. Like cousin, it And. it is one of the cutest things I've ever seen in my entire life. Yeah, we're gonna shout out Live Science Smithsonian Mental Floss, the San Diego Zoo, and a couple of other websites that I cobbled together this wonderful bit on one of our wonderful animal friends in the world. We'd love to do these shows. It just made me think, have you seen the Octopus documentary thing yet? No, I haven't. I haven't either. It's been like kind of popping up in my, in my periphery, but I don't really know what it is. Is it just about OC Occupy?


Well it's, it's called My Octopus Teacher. I haven't seen it yet, but I just know the, the deal is, is this guy kind of gets to know one octopus and That's right. You know, a a nice story ensues is all I know. That's neat. We'll have to watch that. Yeah, I can't, I can, can't wait. But And I mentioned that because, you know, we've long said that the octopus is our favorite animal, but I feel like almost every time we've done one on an animal, it's on something that we love. And boy do I love the quill pig. I do too. Yeah. Apparently that's what the, their Latin name means. Quill pig. I love that. That's great. That is fantastic. And. it turns out, Chuck, that there are basically two groups that Porcupines get lumped into.


There's a bunch of different Gene geni. Yeah, that's right. And species. But they're, they basically fall under two categories. It's Old World, which is Europe, Africa, Asia, and the New World, which is north, south and Central America. And If, you saw a, you know, a porcupine in South America and you saw one in, you know, the Himalayas. You probably would be like, that's porcupine. That's porcupine too. They're not radically different like some old world and new worlds animals are. Yeah. But something I saw that was interesting was that they evolved separately. What one of those, what is it called?


Co coevolution or whatever. No, I didn't see that. That's, that is crazy. I Saw that And I only saw it in one place. So Oh, I think that might've been a personal hypothesis of somebody who got themselves a website. Maybe I saw it somewhere though. And then the, the two actually, the old world and the new world have less in common than they do individually with like some other rodents in their area. Yeah. So I'm, I'm actually not surprised to hear that. But the one thing that they do have in common across the board is that they have quills and that they use their quills defensively now what their quills look like, how they use their quills.


There's A, lot of other distinctions and differences between Old World and New World. But they all have quilts. They're all Porcupines. That seems to be the thing that that binds them. It's the tie that binds that family. Yeah. And it's just, it's easy to take the porcupine for granted, I think and just say, yeah, the, the little animal with all those quilts. But when you take a step back and look at it and think about the evolution of the porcupine that, like I said, it sort of would be a, a very large sort of cute little fluffy Guinea pig. but it probably got eaten A lot. And then, you know, They said nuts to this Nature steps in.


It's like, alright, how about this? What if we were just animal pin cushions such that If, you came anywhere near us, you would be stabbed repeatedly. If, you tried to eat us. Like it's one of the most amazing evolutionary adaptations I've ever seen. Yeah. And I mean like they can really use those things too. There's a, a longstanding myth that they can shoot them, which is not true. But apparently even Aristotle fell for that one. I know. What a dummy. But they can use 'em in some pretty interesting ways and, and you hit the nail on the head when you said, you know, step back If, you see a porcupine. That is good advice. You should probably step back because depending on the, the species or whether it's old world or new world, those quills can mess you up pretty good.


Yeah. But also, you know, get nearby and take a look like they're not gonna come after you. The porcupine no is a very kindhearted animal. Yeah. And those are 100% for defense. A porcupine is never going to charge you and, you know, leap at your belly to, to put quills all on your stomach. So take a little look, admire it for what it is. I think, you know, to talk about Porcupines A, lot of this is talking about the old world versus the, the rush version. Yeah. So the, the, the big differences that I saw, and there's lots of differences between different species within each of these groups, but the old world versus new world have some big differences between 'em.


And one of them is that old world are typically terrestrial Porcupines. They spend most of their lives on the ground. They live in burrows or caves or rock dens and new world Porcupines. They live on the ground too. They live in burrows, but they're also very capable of climbing trees. And they'll, they'll spend a significant amount of time and sometimes nest in trees. and there are some species that spend virtually their whole lives in trees. Almost like sloths. Yeah. Quill wise, the new world Porcupines quills are gonna be shorter and smaller. In general. I think they're about four to 10, four inches, 10 centimeters.


The old world dudes and ladies, they can get very long. They can have quills up to 20 inches long. They can be marked with black and white bands. And what they can do is these old world guys can puff 'em up so they stand up and are more intimidating. And look also, I mean it's weird 'cause it's, it's like multifold, like four or five different things they do by doing this, they look larger. Right. So that's always something that vulnerable animals try to do in the wild. They look like a skunk a little bit because of the black and white marking down their back. They actually have a defensive musk kind of, of like a, a skunk, but just not nearly as bad.


Yeah. So they try to imitate a skunk a little bit. They look bigger. They, they rattle. They can shake those things and rattle 'em, which is another great adaptation to say like, get away from me, don't try and eat me. And supposedly that works pretty well too. Yeah, totally. And then if all else fails, they're stabby. They are stabby. So sometimes the, the old world ones will actually charge backwards toward a predator if they're feeling like they wanna stand their ground. And that's usually when they're caught out in the open. If they have a place to hide, they'll stick their head in that place to hide and then puff out their quills and make themselves hard to get at.


But if they're out in the open, they may decide that they're going to fight off this predator and they'll charge backward. And one other adaptation I saw, which I thought was, was awesome, they'll have the predator chase it and then they'll stop all of a sudden and the predator will run into them in their quills For real. And then you hear the sound effect. Yeah, exactly. And then it's too like, Yeah, I mean it's interesting because those quills, even though they puff 'em out, they are pointy generally in the reverse direction. Right. Which, you know, which is why they have to back up into something to, to quill them or like you said, bury them. Just throw on that, that parking break real quick.


And all of a sudden that fox has got a face full of quill. Right. So that old world contains a couple of species that are called crested Porcupines, and they basically look like if the quills were like an umbrella, it opens at the back of their head. Yeah. And just kind of sticks out like that. And like you said, it makes 'em look A lot bigger. They're A lot more dangerous. The, the big difference with quills between the old world and the new world, in addition to being shorter is old world Porcupines are covered in quilts. That's all they have. They're like, they have like, I don't know if we said or not, but quilts are just modified hair.


They're made of keratin. They're, they're just like hair, they're just way staber than hair that you And I have. Well, it's like hair meets fingernails Basically. Yeah. That's a great way to put it. And old world Porcupines, that's all they have are quills. New world Porcupines have quills that are also mixed in with fur. Like an undercoat. Longer hairs and their quills kind of stand up and are are used for defense. That's not just, it's not all that they have. And the other thing about their quills is that they have little barbs and new world Porcupines barbs make their new world quills way more dangerous than old world quills. Yeah. It's like little fish hook basically.


And it'll, instead of just poking right into you, it'll actually snag in your flesh and makes it, like you said, way, way tougher to get out a much harder time removing a new world quill than an old world quill. Right. But those new world guys are, because they're quills, start further back. You get the feeling If, you just And I wouldn't recommend this, but If, you just go very gently and just say, Hey little guy, I do that. I Just, I just want to give you a scratch under the, under the chin And I think you might enjoy it. And I'm gonna move very slowly. Just don't turn around and you'll, you'll have a really good time.


I'd like to include a disclaimer here that don't do it. You guys should not Listen to Chuck right now. He's doling out some really terrible advice. Yeah. It's just the, because those quills start farther back. They got that cute little head and face and And. it just makes you want to give them a scritch. Yeah, no, totally. Like If, you watch Teddy, teddy bear videos, Teddy bear the porcupine, you'll wanna go get one as a pet. There's another one I saw called Diva and she's a baby porcupine. She's adorable. Yeah. You totally wanna do that. And I'm sure there are ways to handle 'em. But I also saw, you know, one of those zoo guys on a, a late night talk show and he had I think an African crested porcupine on his lap. and that thing was not at all worried or scared or in any sort of defense mode.


and that dude was in pain just letting this thing sit on his lap. 'cause I don't know, we you said, you know, they look like Guinea pigs. And I said overgrown Guinea pigs. Some of these things can get really big. There's a Cape Porcupine, I think it's the biggest one they get up to like 65 pounds. 65 pounds. It's like a large dog. Yeah. And when they And with Quills though, Oh, with the quills puffed up. No. Like they're 65 pounds year round. And then, but imagine a 65 pound dog with those quills. That's, that's dangerous. Yeah. What I meant And I know they don't actually weigh more when they puff up, but okay. They can, when they puff those quills out, they can look two to three times their size, so.


Right. Yeah. Yeah. I imagine that thing looks enormous. And actually I don't do this much, but I'm watching that, that thing eat that corn on the cob right now. Isn't that adorable? Yeah. I have to have the sound down, so I'm gonna go back and watch it. You, you Have to hear the sound, like the sound does it, but even without the sound, he's just awfully cute, huh? Yeah, it kind of, they kind of look like beavers a little bit too. And they are related as fellow rodents here. I think we should take a break. Oh, okay. So I'm, I'm getting kind of worked up here and we'll come back and talk more about these cute little stabby suckers right after this.


There's a crucial election coming up. I Feel enthusiastic to vote for Kamala Harris. And every week on the middle with Jeremy Hobson, I'm Voting for former President Trump. We bring together an all star panel Mark Cuban. So great to have you in the middle. Thanks for having me. Jeremy. Neil deGrasse Tyson, welcome to the middle. Thanks for having me. And listen, not to the extremes, but to the people who will decide who wins. My name is Anna. I'm calling from Las Vegas Listen To the middle with Jeremy Hobson on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Welcome to growing up the Lingo Kids podcast, where we uncover all the awesome jobs you could do when you grow up. I'm Emily and I'm here to help you find your passion. Oh wait a second. This noise. Ah, it's Winston who always has some burning questions. What is it now pal? Hey Emily. Can race car drivers go faster than jet planes? Typical. He's a charmer, but sometimes his timing could use some work. Winston's all about trucks, but hey, we'll explore construction car racing and plenty more careers. So join us on growing up where we inspire you to be whatever you want to be. Lingo Kids grown up is now available on Story button, the kid friendly device for Screenless podcast. Listening Listen to growing up on story button, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Once again, we find ourselves in an unprecedented election. And with all that's happening in the lead up to the big day, a weekly podcast just won't cut it. Get a better grasp of where we stand as a nation every weekday on the NPR Politics podcast. Here are season reporters dig into the issues that are shaping voters' decisions and understand how the latest updates play into the bigger picture. Listen to the NPR Politics podcast on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


Oh, let me hint, it's Honey German and I'm bringing you Gracias. Come again. The podcast where we dive deep into the world of Latin culture and entertainment with some of the biggest names in the game. If, you love hearing real conversations with your favorite Latin celebrities, artists, and culture shifters. This is the podcast for you. We're talking real conversations with our Latin stars, from actors and artists to musicians and creators sharing their stories, struggles and successes. You know, it's gonna be filled with Cheeseman Labs and all the vibes that you love. Each week we'll explore everything from music and pop culture to deeper topics like identity, community and breaking down barriers in all sorts of industries. Don't miss out on the fun and life stories. Join me for Gracias. Come again. A podcast by Honey German where we get into to Listen, to gracias. Come again on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Okay, Charles, we're back and we've been talking mostly about quills. Yeah. So one more thing about quills and there's gonna be more than one more thing about quills, let's be honest. But we said they couldn't shoot 'em what they can do. These things do fall out just like hair. Right. And they grow just like fingernails and, and yeah. Will eventually fall. So when they shake, they, if they have loose quills they can fly off. But they're still not like shooting like Aristotle said, like deadly needle darts. No, but they can be problematic. Like these things can puncture the sidewalls of tires. I was reading the blog of some tire company, KAL tires I think up in the Yukon.


And they said that it's actually, it can be a problem like If, you run over One like on some roads. Yeah. That like, if you're out in the middle of nowhere and you run over a porcupine quill, you, you're, you're probably going to get a flat. That's how thi how tough those things are. Well that's sad. What for your tire? No, for the porcupine. For, for your afternoon. Well, no, you're not running over. Are you still watching teddy bear videos? No, I thought you said If. you run over a porcupine. It can, it can Porcupine quill. Oh well I mean, what is it? Just a loose quill on the road. Yeah, exactly. That's what I'm saying. Like just a loose quill laying on the road. If, you run over it, it goes into your sidewall. You're probably going to get a flat tire. That's how tough those things are. Okay, I thought you meant If. you actually run over a porcupine and you have like a bunch of quills.


I I, that would probably do it too. Especially if the porcupine was in a defensive procedure. But the porcupine doesn't have to die in this case for you to give a flat tire. So regardless of that sadness, they, there is sadness in that despite this great adaptation and this great defense mechanism, they still can be hunted. Lions can still hunt them. Human people. There's the bush meat trade for the old world Porcupines. That is, you know, just, you know what that means. and there are, you know, there are owls wolverines pythons. There's something called a fisher that looks sort of like a, a weasel bear fox or something.


Did you look that thing up? Yeah, I think it's related to otters and, and weasels. Okay. But it had a little sort of a bear face. It was interesting. But They apparently stink too. Well they stink in more ways than one because they learned to flip these Porcupines over where they have that soft belly meat and no quills as a way to attack 'em. Which really makes me mad. Yeah. I don't, I don't like fishers for that reason either. I, I'd never heard of them until recently until we started researching this And I hadn't neither. They're on my Hit list. I I don't like 'em. Nope. I just don't Like 'em. Eat something else. Yeah. Leave the Porcupines alone. 'cause they're actually pretty nice. Yeah. And they don't eat. What do they eat? They eat vegetables and fruits and berries and nuts and tubers and roots.


Yeah. So they, they they eat all those things. They'll also eat crops, which is Porcupines are considered a nuisance. Especially if you're a farmer or even a, a gardener in the suburbs because they will eat your root vegetables. They will eat corn. Love corn. Love that corn love corn apparently. But they'll also, they have a another thing too where they need sodium in their diet. Yeah. Yeah. This is so weird. They actually need, they need a pretty even ratio of one to one of potassium to sodium for their electrical conductivity in their body to work. But they don't get much sodium in their diet. Plants have lots of potassium, not much sodium.


So they have to go find it elsewhere. And, it turns out we humans have A, lot of stuff that has sodium in it. Apparently plywood glue contains A. lot of sodium. So they love eating wood structures. We build out of plywood. The salt that we put on the roads gets kicked up on the inner side of our car. So you might find a a, a porcupine chewing on the tires or the hoses or belts or wires under your car. Yeah. What else? I saw that they would even, because the humans sweat so much salt when they're working, that they'll go like If, you have some, some wooden pruners in your shed. Yeah. They'll go in there and they'll start eating the handle of your pruners.


'cause it just has a residual human salt leftover on it. Right. And you just walk in, you're like, are you nuts? What is wrong with you? You porcupine just Set up a salt, like for those fellas? Yeah, well they'll find anywhere they can find a natural salt. Like they'll definitely eat that too. But yes, anything that has human sweat on, even trace amounts of human sweat, they'll go bonkers For. Oh they'd love meat Like they eat oars, paddles, that kind of stuff. So, but yes, typically they, they eat leaves stems, they eat shoots and leaves. They also though, and this is another reason why they're considered a nuisance, they eat the bark off of the tree. So they're considered generalists. They'll eat just about any kind of vegetation.


Yeah. Which is actually, and they're also super adaptable, which is why you'll find Porcupines almost anywhere there's vegetation. But they, they'll, that's what they eat, you know, in spring, summer, fall. And then in winter they don't hibernate, which actually makes them kind of unusual as well. But they be, they go from being generalists to what's known as ative specialists. Meaning their diet becomes very limited to just one or two types of trees and not just one or two types of trees during the winter. They may just feed on the inner bark of one tree. and that can be problematic because the inner bark is where nutrients and water moves from the roots to the rest of the tree.


And if that porcupine eats all the way around it, what's called girdling a tree, it can kill or seriously damage that tree. Yeah. So if, I mean If you have a problem If, you live in the woods and stuff and you see a tree, it Could be a beaver. But either way you kinda handle it the same. You can wrap like chicken wire around it around the bottom or some sort of aluminum or something sheeting to keep the, the beaver and or porcupine from gnaw on that thing. Yeah. And I would guess you'd wanna wear work gloves because the salt Yeah. From the sweat in your hands is just gonna attract them to that chicken wire. Yeah. They eat, they're nocturnal. So they're mainly doing this stuff at night.


They're patrolling around, they're defending their areas that they feed. I saw both, I saw that they're territorial. I saw that they're also not territorial. Yeah, It probably depends with, you know, so many different species. 'cause they will travel outside their home range if they want to get a mate or if they need that salt. They're usually, they're fairly solo flyers. Although sometimes you'll see a couple of them. They may be mated, they may be siblings. I don't think we mentioned that the old world Porcupines are actually really good swimmers. Both of them are for, from what I understand. Oh Really?


Okay. Yeah. And new world will actually go swim out to gather aquatic plants. They swim more than the old world do does, but they just swim to collect plants and then they bring it back to the shore to eat. Yeah. And they're, they're living in, they don't, they'll like sleep in trees sometimes the climbers will, but it seems like they make use of other animals dens when they're not around. And they have left, like they'll go to an aardvark den that has been abandoned or a hole and they will change it around, maybe knock down some walls, open up that floor plan. So yeah. Put a island in the kitchen. Yeah, of course. Gotta have the big island. Sure. And then, you know, they, they'll just adapt it to their needs because obviously they're a little puffier than the aardvark.


Yeah. And in doing so, Chuck, a question that I kept running up against was, what role did Porcupines play in the ecosystem? And they think that one of the big roles they play is by basically disturbing stuff. They disturb the soil when they're dirt, when they're digging and burrowing and everything. Oh, interesting. And they, they found that they, the through that they propagate way more seeds than, than would otherwise be propagated if they weren't around. So forests are much more diverse with them in it than without them because of all of their scratching and moving and all of that stuff. Yeah. And, it seems like for rodents they live a long time. They can live in the wild.


I mean I sort of saw a wild range anywhere from, I did too Three to five years in the wild to like 10 years in the wild. I saw one that lived to be 18. I saw the record was 25, which I think was second only to a beaver. As far as the, the rodent record. I think there was a 28-year-old beaver once I saw one in Brazil was can live up to 27 years in captivity. Oh wow. Yeah. So that's, I mean that's long lived. But yeah, I saw three to five years too. And I guess it just depends on the species, you know? Yeah. And the other thing about their feeding habits is they eat seasonally. Right.


They're little hipsters. They eat seasonally and locally. So depending on what's there, they will, I think in the winter they'll eat more evergreen needles and the like, sort of the inner bark of the trees and stuff like that. Right. And then, you know, when those sweet berries come around or when that corn crop is coming in, just look out, Then they turn back into generalists. That's right. So I feel like we cannot go any further. We can't dance around the fact This is Headed, that Porcupines copulate. And when they do copulate, they produce offspring. And we should talk about that. Yeah.


Should we break or should we do this and then break? I feel like we're gonna need to take a break after this. Okay. So Porcupines have stabby quills. That's that point backwards. That's right. And If, you know how a rodent and a mammal like this would have sex? It is from something a male approaching the female from the rear. Yeah. Right. Where those things are pointing. And so you think, how do they do this? What happens is the males are gonna, they're gonna vie for the female. Like so many animals. They have these sort of noisy battles and they, they whine and they stomp when they win and stomp their tail and try to impress the lady, puff their quills out.


And if the lady says, all right, I think you might be a good match for me, what does he do? He sprays urine all over her. That's right. Beep on her. And she goes, she goes, that was wonderful. Let's go big boy. Yeah. I'm gonna put down, I'm gonna lay down my quills. Yeah. And just Move the tail to the side. It's Business time, Right? Yeah. 'cause the tail is barbed. I don't think we said that either. No. Like all the quills are barbed, right? Well no, I think the actual tail is barbed. Oh good lord. Yes As well. Which can help with the, the climbing and stuff. Right?


So I think it would take being sprayed with your end to, you would wanna reach that level of commitment to make sure that you could trust that that barbed tail is going to be kept to the size. You know, like, Are we really in, are we in Right? And then yes, that, that definitely says yes. You're in, you're in. Get it. Yep. I told you we would need a break. Let's take one, shall we? Alright. And we'll talk you about, we'll talk about Porcup pets right after this.


There's a crucial election coming up. I Feel enthusiastic to vote for Kamala Harris. And every week on the middle with Jeremy Hobson. I'm voting For former President Trump. We bring together an all-star panel Mark Cuban. So great to have you on the middle. Thanks for having me. Jeremy. Neil deGrasse Tyson, welcome to the middle. Thanks for having me. And listen, not to the extremes, but to the people who will decide who wins. My name is Anna. I'm calling from Las Vegas Listen To the middle with Jeremy Hobson on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome To growing up the Lingo Kids podcast where we uncover all the awesome jobs you can do when you grow up. I'm Emily And, I'm here to help you find your passion. Oh wait a second. This noise. Ah, At Winston, who always has some burning questions. What is it now pal. Hey Emily. Can race car drivers go faster than jet planes? Typical. He's a charmer, but sometimes his timing could use some work. Winston's all about trucks. But hey, we'll explore construction, car racing and plenty more careers. So join us on growing up where we inspire you to be whatever you want to be. Lingo Kids Grownup is now available on Story button, the kid friendly device for Screenless podcast listening Listen to growing up on story button, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Once again, we find ourselves in an unprecedented election. And with all that's happening in the lead up to the big day, a weekly podcast just won't cut it. Get a better grasp of where we stand as a nation every weekday on the NPR Politics podcast. Here are season reporters dig into the issues that are shaping voters' decisions and understand how the latest updates play into the bigger picture. Listen to the NPR Politics podcast on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from? Like What's the history behind bacon wrapped hotdog? Hi, I am Eva Longoria. Hi. I am Our podcast Hungry for History is Back Season two. Season two. Are we recording? Are we good? Oh, we push record. Right. Okay. And this season we're taking a run Bigger Bite Out of the most delicious food and its history Seeing that the most popular cocktail is Margarita followed by the mojito from Cuba and the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Oh. So All of these we have, we thank Latin culture. There's a mention of blood sausage in Homer's Odyssey that dates back to the ninth century BC BC I didn't realize how old the hotdog was. Listen to Hungry for history as part of the My Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


So Chuck the Porcupines have copulate, they were successful and the female has now just stated for 205 to 217 days. Yeah. And what did you say we're just born porcup pets. Isn't they cute? Like E-T-T-E-S? Yeah. Not pets as in something you keep but yeah, little porcup Pets like a, like the the fifties singing group girl version of the Porcupines. Randy Porcupine and the Porcupines. Right, Exactly. Yeah. And here's where it got a little confusing 'cause I saw different stuff depending on where I looked. And again, it may be according to species, I saw that they rarely have more than one at a time.


I also saw that sometimes they have up to four, but let's just say between one and four per litter. And they stay with their, their mommies for a little longer than, than what I found. It says in I think from the San Diego Zoo, just a few months. But I also saw anywhere from 12 to 24 months and they at least need that mother's milk for like six months. And I think it really depends on the species. Like I saw those, the the largest ones, the Cape Porcupine, they actually stay in family units of a mom and a dad and one to two kids. Oh, interesting. 'cause the dad's usually out of there with the Porcupines. Right, right.


So yeah, especially with North American Porcupines, I feel like A lot because we're in America A lot of the info we got was for North American Porcupines. Yeah, probably. And people just called it Porcupines, which required A lot more digging. But I, I feel like with North American Porcupines, it's like, hey, good luck with the kids. And then the mom has the kid And. it is like, Hey, I, I am weaning you. Good luck with the rest of your life. And then they live this kind of solitary happy existence digging around and eating tree bark. Yeah. And If, you think the Porcup pet is, is soft and cute as you would imagine You were correct? Yeah. Those needle like quills start to stiffen up very quickly.


but it takes, it kind of starts three or four days later and then I imagine takes a little while to reach full, you know, kind of hard quill version. Yeah. And I saw conflicting information too. I, I saw that they were born precocious where they had a full set of teeth, their eyes were open and then it just took a few hours for their quills to harden into like adult Quill. That was even take two Chuck. Yes. Adult quill. Thank you for that. Yeah. I also saw the where their eyes were closed for a long time. Yeah, yeah. So dunno, it's possible it's different species. It's also possible a San Diego Zoo just got a bunch of stuff wrong.


Well that's always possible. Great zoo. I've been there. I know we did an episode on zoos and whether or not they were ethical. So you can go make up your own mind about that. But Isn't that where Jack Hannah hailed from? Wasn't he a San Diego Zoo guy? I Feel like that's probably true. Well, let's just say it is. I got something else on these quills. They have an antiseptic Wait a minute. I thought we, I thought we were done with quills. You said No, no, no. Never done with quills. Okay. They have an antiseptic quality apparently. Oh wow. In case of self stab. That's awesome. I I hadn't seen that actually. And I think we should say too, just one more thing about quills. I'm breaking my own rules here because they're like modified hair. They grow back when they're shed.


That's right. They're like constantly shedding and growing quilts. Yeah. And like I said, you should not approach one in the wild, but they may carry rabies, but other than that they don't really carry any other diseases That We need To worry about. I mean, come on. Yeah. Like If, you wanted to love Porcupines anymore. There you go. Like you could snuggle one and you don't have to worry about any diseases. Yes. But don't eat them like they do in some parts of the world. They are in pretty good shape. But they have been exterminated in certain parts of Africa because they do eat root crops. So they're a nuisance pests. So they get rid of 'em. People can quill quill collect you like that.


They can collect the quills for ornamentation, And I. Think there's a couple of them that are listed as vulnerable. Right. And it very sadly of course because their habitat is being lost. Yes. But globally Porcupines are under, they're considered of least concern. Yeah. Which itself is concerning because they're considered pests in A lot of places. So they're eradicated the, I think it was the Maryland DNR, the do not resuscitate agency said that on their site that Porcupines used to be in the southeastern United States, but they were eradicated.


I didn't know that. And I. I've never heard that And I couldn't find it anywhere else. But I don't know why the DNR would make that up. I'm trying to think if I've ever seen one in the wild. They, they do not live in the southeast, but the, the Maryland DNR is saying like I've, I've traveled all over the world. Right. I'm not saying in my backyard. Oh, I gotcha. Well we were talking about the southeast, you can imagine why. Yeah. I fell for that one. No, I'm just trying to think of a, if I've seen one like camping out west or anything, I don't know if I've ever seen one. That's something I never have. I would think you would definitely remember seeing a porcupine in real life. Probably armadillos everywhere. Yeah. Everywhere. And you know, they carry Hansen's disease, they don't get close to them.


Porcupines don't carry any communicable diseases that humans are concerned about Except RABs. Yeah. They can be rabid, but all mammals can be rabid. You know. So should we talk about what happens? You know, If, you just google porcupine and dog, you're gonna get A. lot of very sad pictures Yeah. Of curious dogs who stuck their snout where they shouldn't and are barbed all over the nose and sout not good. No. And there's A. lot of things that you want to do and don't want to do. Yeah. For real. If, if that happens to your dog because it's actually really bad if that happens.


So if your dog is If, you ever see a porcupine on a hike with your dog? Get your dog away from that porcupine. Not just for the Porcupines sake. Like if a porcupine goes into a defensive posture, it's scared to death. Yeah. It's not, it might seem all tough and angry, it's scared. That's why it's doing that. But also it could really mess your dog up. So for at least your dog's sake, get your dog away from the porcupine. And if If you fail to do that quickly enough and your dog does take some quills in its face, in its neck, wherever those things can, because especially on in the new world porcupine, that their quills have barbs, they can migrate further and further inward.


They're not gonna work themselves out, they're gonna actually work themselves in. So you wanna take your dog to a vet like you, your dog gets quilled, you get in the car, you go to the vet. That's the order of how everything happens. You don't stop and get a double cheeseburger. Yeah. You don't like go home and like read the paper first. Like you go straight to the vet because your dog's gonna need to go under general anesthesia to, to have those things removed. That's how bad of a jam it Is. Yeah. I'm actually gonna amend that with your permission because what the first thing you should do, and hopefully you're with someone else if you've got it. Really it would be great If, you have two people in on this one to drive and one to keep your dog from messing with their face.


Yeah, that's a big one. Because they're gonna, if there's quills poking in a dog's face, they're gonna paw at it. They're gonna try and rub their nose on the ground. Yeah. and that is bad, bad, bad, bad, bad. 'cause those quills are just gonna go further and further in. Yeah. So you really, really need to do your best to hold onto your dog, hold their head up and keep their paws away from their face. And like you said, go straight to that vet because you don't try and remove them yourself. No. You're, you're only gonna make it worse. And that's like guaranteed There, there's also supposedly a a, a myth that If you clip the porcupine quill it deflates it and makes it easier to, to, to to come out.


They don't, they're not inflated with air. No. So clipping it's not going to deflate Anything. Is that Aristotle? Yeah. And. it actually can make the quill shatter. 'cause imagine like, like a, a really hard claw or something like that being clipped with some scissors. It's going to shatter some. And if, if enough of a piece shatters far enough down, it can reach the skin level. And then if it works its way in, all of a sudden you just made it that much harder to get out because you just added a new barb, which is that shattered jagged edge that used to be intact before you cut it like a knucklehead. Yeah. I mean I could see the instinct If, you don't know what's going on to be to clip them.


'cause if they're really long and sticking outta their face, it looks terrible. Yeah. Or to try and just yank them out. But Do not do that. Yeah. Don't do either one of those things. Another big reason why is the risk of infection is really, really big. Yeah. They, I mean they have multiple, multiple stab wounds essentially. And they, like you said, the only solution is general anesthesia. I mean, it's, it's not surgery, but it's not not surgery. No. And they, they, you know, some of these may not ever be able to come out and your pets is gonna have a lifetime of being monitored to make sure they don't migrate toward a, a joint or an organ or their, the back of their eye. Who knows.


Yeah. Where, depending on where they got stabbed with the quill. So I, I think it was the, the A-S-P-C-A that said the best way to to, to deal with this is to prevent it from ever happening. Just don't let your dog anywhere near a porcupine. It's just a not worth the risk. Yeah. And don't you're, you're gonna scare the porcupine too. Yeah. And If, you live in porcupine country, don't ever let your dog outta the house. No. As a matter of fact, just keep it wrapped in bubble wrap at all times. Yeah. Toilet train them. Yeah. Or just change the bubble wrap. Let 'em pee in the bubble wrap. Yeah. Just have, get tons and tons of bubble wrap and then, and don't throw it away. Don't recycle it. Put it in a huge pile at the end of each season in your front yard and melt it with a blowtorch.


Yeah, that's great. Maybe mix it with acetone first. Yes. I've got two more porcupine facts. If. you will indulge me. Let's hear it. You got anything else? I Got nothing else In the seventies. The seventies in the UK was a swing in time for Porcupines apparently because there was a population of Himalayan Porcupines crested I believe in South Devon in the wild because they'd escaped from the zoo sometime in the seventies and lived on the lamb for a decade. And the same thing happened in Staffordshire with a kind of crested porcupine where they had a wild population because they escaped from the zoo too.


Is that near stoke on Trent? I don't know. We'll have to ask Tom. Alright. If that's near stoke on Trent. Alright. You got anything else again? I got nothing else. Okay. Well that's it for Porcupines. Everybody go watch Teddy bear videos. You're gonna love them. And since I said teddy bear, it's time for listener mail. Man. I can't wait to turn up the volume on this. You're gonna, it's gonna knock your socks right off. I do it. Teddy bears probably on Instagram I would imagine. But I do follow that groundhog on Instagram. Oh, I chunk, I think I know. I think I know who you're talking about. Yeah. Chunk the groundhog. It's good stuff.


Yeah. Alright, so here we go. This is from, oh this is from Don the Black Cowboy. Did you see this one? Oh yeah. This is great. It's fantastic. We did a short stuff on Black Cowboys in history and how they've long been overlooked. So if for some weird reason you don't Listen to short stuffs, you should, Yeah. We never kind of promote that. But it's just like Stuff, You, Should Know. But it's shorter. Yeah. What's your problem? Listen. Hey guys, my name is Don and I'm a 25-year-old black cowboy from Texas. I, along with my brother am also a second generation amateur farrier as well. My father taught us after learning the trade growing up on our family farm, then later going into horseshoeing as a side career.


When I saw your episode about blacksmithing, I was eager to hear If. you mentioned farriers in it and thought I might finally write in. Then when you came out with a black cowboy episode, all of my friends shared the episode with me. So I knew I had to write as a kid. Our family did trail rides, rodeos and horse races nearly every weekend. Since leaving my hometown for college and beyond, I've often been the first introduction to black cowboys slash farmers. For most people there's a large community of black cowboys and farmers still surviving regardless of the systemic issues we face whenever it's safe. Again, I'd like to invite anyone hearing this out to our annual trail ride Easter weekend to get a chance to experience the lifestyle.


Isn't that cool? Dude, I so want to do this. So we sent a flyer too. And, it looks super interesting. So It does, it looks awesome. Yeah. And so they hold it over Easter weekend and you just basically go live the cowboy life for a weekend. I love it. And It's like 10 bucks or something like that too. Yeah. It's not like some city slicker scam. No, Don doesn't stick it to you. Don will give it to you straight. That's right. 10 bucks straight shooter. He says love the podcast really helped keep me company these last few years in the Peace Corps. So Don is my new most interesting man in the world. I think He, he is one of the more well-rounded Stuff You, Should Know listeners we've heard from in a while. Yeah. And he says, PS yes, I did ride my horse to school.


That's amazing. Yep. Well thanks A lot. Don Hats off to you. 10 gallon hat even. Literally. Thank you for the invite. We may see you one of these Easter weekends on your trail ride and If you wanna get in touch with us. You can send us an email too to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.


What does the heartbreaking fate of the cheetah tell us about the way we raise our children? Why was Los Angeles the bank robbery capital of the world? What exactly happened in the Marriott Hotel in downtown Boston in March of 2020? I'm Malcolm Gladwell in my new audiobook, revenge of the Tipping Point. I'm looking at these questions and exploring the dark side of contagious phenomenon. You can hear a sneak peek of the audiobook on my podcast. Revisionist History. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you Listen to podcasts.


There's a crucial election coming up. I feel enthusiastic to vote for Kamala Harris. And every week on the middle with Jeremy Hobson. I'm Voting for former President Trump. We bring together an all star panel, mark Cuban. So great to have you on the middle. Thanks for having me. Jeremy. Neil deGrasse Tyson, welcome to the middle. Thanks for having me. And listen, not to the extremes, but to the people who will decide who wins. My name is Anna. I'm calling from Las Vegas Listen To the middle with Jeremy Hobson on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Once again, we find ourselves in an unprecedented election. And with all that's happening in the lead up to the big day, a weekly podcast just won't cut it. Get a better grasp of where we stand as a nation. Every weekday on the NPR Politics podcast. Here are season reporters. Dig into the issues that are shaping voters' decisions and understand how the latest updates play into the bigger picture. Listen to the NPR Politics podcast on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.