
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, AACH Direct Debit in the us, apple Pay Afterpay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Let's Talk about a small thing that can make a big difference If you have diabetes. The Freestyle Libre three plus sensor. It's amazing how the sensor gives you realtime glucose readings so you can see the impact of every meal and activity to make better choices. The Freestyle Libre three plus sensor can help you live life with diabetes on your terms. This is progress. You can try the sensor at Freestyle Libre. US terms and conditions apply for prescription only. Safety Info found at Freestyle Libre. Do us.


Hey everybody, it's me, Josh. And for this week's select, I've chosen our 2021 episode on Night Trap video game, one of those overlooked pieces of pop culture history about one of those unfortunate pieces of technology that emerged during a sea change, which made it utterly out of date the moment it was born. It's a great story about a not at all great video game and I hope you enjoy it. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark and there's Charles w Chuck Brian over there.


There's Jerry over there being Saley. And this is Stuff You Should Know, Video Obscure Lost Video Game episode. How did you hear about This? This is your request. Yeah, so Night Trap is the game that we're talking about, and I heard about this from watching the Netflix documentary series High Score. Did you Netflix and Chill while you were Watching that Jerk? No, I Netflix by myself and Chilled. 'cause Emily wasn't watching this. That's A different thing. Yeah, that's a different thing. Okay. This was a documentary series on Netflix, I think six parts that covered the history of video games.


Yeah, I can recommend it in one way in that it was a very light kind of fun watch, but it is by no means comprehensive and a little goofy at times in how they handled some stuff On On Night Tripp specifically, or like in General the whole series. I gotcha. But, but it was fine. And it's, it's, you know, if you're in the if from a certain generation and in the mood for like five plus hours of, of a bit of a nostalgia kick, you could do worse things have, but it's not great. Have you ever seen that documentary? I think it's King of Kong. Oh, sure. Oh man. That is one of the best documentaries ever made. I haven't seen it in years. I gotta see it again. It's great. I think our old buddy, Josh Bierman might have written the original story that that was Based on, oh, I'm not surprised to had Something to do with that.


But Night Trap I learned about, because in episode five they covered when video games started becoming violent. So Mortal Kombat obviously factored in heavily in that episode. Yeah. And then this game called Night Trap, there's another game I do wanna cover on a shorty, by the way, one of the first L-G-T-B-Q games ever. That was really interesting and had a cool story. What the heck is it called? I can't remember now. I saw this a couple of months ago, so it's been a while. Oh, what was it? Can't remember. But it was, it's great. And that'll make it for a good shorty Okay. But a really cool story behind it. But this is Night Trap, which figured in as the game that kind of brought about along with Mortal Kombat, but was really central in forming what ended up being the, the ratings board for video games.


It's, I mean, that's, that's almost like understating it like this one game. Yeah. Paired with Mortal Kombat basically led directly to the creation of that. Yeah. So that's really why it's notable. The other thing that made it notable, and we'll get into all this, was that it was a, a live action as in they shot, you know, a a little movie Right. And That you controlled Yeah. That you sort of controlled, You know, you could conceivably theoretically Yeah. Hypothetically control, because it Wasn't a great game. But it lives in infamy because of every 'cause. It's a really cool story. I think in the end it Is a pretty cool story. And the whole thing starts actually with a play from the, I think it was written in 1981 by a playwright named John.


Oh, what's his last name? Za. Okay. I wanna say, or Za I want or Kant Shit. Nah, You don't think so? I don't know. Maybe. Well, regardless, he, he wrote a few episodes of Do South, what was that? It was like a show about a Canadian mounty, I think. Oh, All right. Yeah. He wrote this and it was, if you've been to Sleep No More in New York, you may have the play, Tamara to thank, because it is a lot like, is it like that the concept of sleep? No more As far as I know, this was the one that like broke that ground. I think so. And the ground, they broke it. It's about the painter, Tamara de Li Mika, who I've never heard of.


She was a, a Polish painter who lived in Italy in the roaring twenties. Okay. When the fascists were starting to take power. And she took no guff from 'em. No guff, hedonistic. Amazing Art deco painter. Oh, nice. Art deco portraitist, basically. Okay, interesting. So her work's really interesting. I didn't know anything about her. I'd never heard of her until this too, but I looked her up. She seemed pretty cool. But This is a play about her, where it is set on a multi-floor building. There are scenes taking place at the same same time and multiple rooms. And as an audience member, you can move from one room to the other missing out on some stuff. Yeah. Seeing some stuff interacting. I mean, it's sleep no more. Yeah. They, I don't know if they just totally ripped it off or if they said, Hey, it's been, you know, 30 years, who's gonna remember Tamara?


Right. I think it was like they broke that ground and once you break that ground, you're gonna have people following your wake. You know, There's probably been other stuff that did this, but Sleep No More, I think just got so much attention in New York for its run. I think it might still be going or maybe coming back after the pandemic. I would like to see that. I would love to see Tamara too, but it w this, it was, it ran in New York, but it Oh, it did started a, a Toronto art festival, I think. Oh, interesting. And then the, some, some producers set it up in LA and that's where it had its longest run from about the mid eighties to the nineties. They had this, this just kept going and going and going. I was reading an LA Times article on it, but the, the reason that it factors into this is because it's basically the basis for this Game Night Trap where there are different things going on in different rooms and you kind of cycle toggle between the different rooms through security cameras in these rooms.


Right. To see what's going on. And while you're doing that, you're missing stuff that's happening in other rooms in this game. And If you miss too much stuff, you lose, If you catch enough stuff and you do everything right and press all the correct buttons, you win. But that's, that's basically how it applies. It's like this, this, oh, almost an homage to this play in video game form, but it's full motion video, meaning it's like a film or TV show that you vaguely control or put better you interact with. Yeah. And the idea of the game, and we'll get a little bit more into the development of it in a minute, but it is basically like a, a party happening at this house young, like co-ed types, like sorority girls maybe.


Yeah. It's, it's very sort of titillating. And that was one of the big deals A little bit. I think this is the time overstated, even for the time, I wouldn't say, I mean, you got married with children, it was like 10 times more titillating. This is very tame, I think. Well the, you know, obviously part of the controversy comes from assaults on women in the game. Right? Understandably. But again, we'll get to that. It is even tame compared to a lot of the stuff Right. That was out at the time. But what's going on in the game is they are these pseudo vampires called Augers that are the bad people in this game. And Jim Reilly, who, who conceived of this game when he had the idea of, I think he was watching security camera, a security camera screen with all these different rooms and it hit him like, what a great idea.


And then he saw this play and he said, we can actually do something like this. Like what if a, a user and a game player could go into any of these views that they want and if they're missing something, they're missing something. It might be important. Yeah. But they're in control of the game. Right. And I mean, that's, Or the story rather. Right. But again, I think you really pointed out something important that that was the concept in the actuality. They kind of missed the Mark A. Little bit. Yes. So with the game, the, the, it was originally designed as part of a platform called Control Vision. Yeah. And I think internally it was called Nemo, NEMO.


And it was being created by a company called Axelon. And Axelon was actually a Nolan Such an eighties Right. Like video game company Name, but it was a Nolan Bushnell company. Yeah. After Atari, he founded Axelon among others. I think he created five companies at the same time in parallel using this this incubator Yeah. That he had created. And the developers that Axelon started creating a full motion video, what it called VHS based, we should point out Yes. On vhs. And to get from one place to another rather than this was the breakthrough thing. This was the thing that made this work. And they, they did get it to work. Yeah.


But using VHS tapes, you could toggle between stuff in virtually real time. Yeah. Without the, the VHS player having to rewind or fast forward. Yeah. Which would've really just kind of put the kibosh on the whole thing. But instead, because of the interlacing that that video uses, they could actually choose what field to show at what time and basically switch between 'em, which Was, I mean, it looks archaic, but it's a remarkable technology at the time to be able to do that. Right. Yeah. Really impressed. It's, it's still mind blowing. Like I'm, I'm like, I've vague, sort of vaguely understand how this actually works, but the fact that they actually got this to work and had a proof of concept going enough that Hasbro was like sold.


That was a big deal. Yeah. And this was 85. One of their designers was the legendary Tom Crane who designed Pitfall, one of my favorite all time games on the Atari. That's A good one. But it was a good team. And they went apparently to these camera performances. They were also inspired by Dragons layer. Do you remember that game? I do. I was never into it, but I remember watching it and just kinda, It looked cool. I mean, it was an animation game where it was fully animated and used laser disc to project this animated footage. So it looked awesome, but it would just, it wasn't that great. The gameplay wasn't great. No, but it, it followed a story. There was a story Yeah. That was happening. And then every once in a while there's something you had to do to move the story along Right.


As part of the game. And If you didn't do it right, the dragon like turned you into to ash or something like that. Right? Yeah. But you're not actually controlling the player, which was the big difference in these games from the regular game. You're, You're creating a sequence, like you're, you're doing this and then sitting back and then hopefully the, the thing you're hoping to happen happens. Now, the thing that differentiates that from Night Trap is that there was no coherent story while you were off doing something that you were supposed to be doing to win the game. Yeah. The story kept going on over here. So you can't follow a storyline that way. No. Yeah. Which is a big deal. That was a big differentiator between it and Dragons Layer. Alright, Well let's take a little break here.


That's a good setup I think. And we'll come back and get more into Night Trap right after this.


Let's be real. Life happens, kids still pets Shed and accidents are inevitable. That's why you need a washable sofa that can keep up. Our sofas are fully machine washable inside and out. So you can say goodbye to stains and hello to Worry-Free Living made with liquid and stain resistant fabrics. They're kid proof, pet friendly, and built for everyday life. Plus changeable fabric covers. Let you refresh your sofa whenever you want. Need flexibility. Our modular design lets you rearrange your sofa anytime to fit your space. Whether it's a growing family room or a cozy apartment. Plus they're earth-friendly and trusted by over 200,000 happy customers starting at just $699. It's time to upgrade to a stress-free mis proof sofa. Visit washable sofas.com today and save. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long and Get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos, hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


Hey everybody, we wanna talk to you about Squarespace and in particular, If you have a great idea that you want to sell on the web. Well, Squarespace makes it easy to sell access to content on your websites. That's right. You can do online courses, you can do blogs, videos, memberships. You can even earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. Simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. That's Right. And you can get your content discovered fast. With integrated SEO tools. Every Squarespace website is optimized to be indexed with meta descriptions and auto-generated sitemap and more. So you show up more often to more people in global search engine results. Just Go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff S-T-U-F-F to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain.


Alright. So I mentioned the augers. We need to explain a little bit about this game and what it was supposed to be and what it ended up being. Because in the Netflix documentary, Jim Reilly basically is like, well, the first thing they created a di a demo called Scene of the Crime. Yes. And it was a detective game and Hasbro liked it, like I said, and, but they had a big problem because he, the original idea that Jim had was to have ninjas and he's like, it'd be great. These ninjas come in, they got throwing stars, they got weapons, and they're doing all this stuff and you can control it. And it's, it's super cool. And Hasbro is like, wait a minute.


We can't have what we call reproducible violence. So anything that a kid, like kids love throwing stars and we can't show ninjas throwing, throwing stars into people. No, because a kid will go and do that. You can't have a, a knife 'cause a kid can go get a knife out of a drawer. It's gotta be something that a kid cannot reproduce. So, so they said, okay, well how about, what if the ninjas turn out to be, and I'm sorry, I know Ninja is the plural of Ninja. Sorry, everyone. Sure. What if they turn out to be vampires? Right. And Hasbro said, I kinda like where you're going with this, but kids, kids can still like bite people on the neck. What else Got, I think it came the other way though. I think that was a note from Hasbro.


Oh, Was it? I'm pretty sure they were like, what if they were vampires? Okay. And Jim Reilly was like, okay, I guess I can do that. Okay. Biting people's necks. And then Hasbro was like, can't do that. 'cause kids can bite necks too. So what they found, and this is a great metaphor for the, the Night Trap overall. Yeah. What the ninja originally, or what they turned out to be in the end were loping vampires who used what looked like a Ghostbusters proton pack sort of Yeah. With a collar of the kind that, that Arnold Schwarzenegger was wearing at the beginning of Running Man. Yeah. Like a clamp sort of. Yes. Yeah. On the end. And that, that is what they used to draw the blood from the, the hapless teens who you were in charge of protecting as Night Trap.


Yeah. So what Hasbro did was they noted it to death and neutered it to death because they said, he even was like, all right, I can do vampires. They can run around and hurt people. And they said, no, no, no, they can't even run around. Right. It's too scary if they're fast. Yeah. So they came up with augers, who in the game, they're described as vampires who had been half bled and left to die. So they are not quite vampires, but they aren't human either. And that makes them, and lumber. Right. Instead of being able to move fast. And If you see them, they look like they're wearing garbage bags, they're lumbering around, they're drawing the blood using a trocar is what the name of that thing was.


Oh, is it? Okay. Because it was definitely its own thing. It was Its own thing. And it's funny, in the documentary, Jim Reilly was like, in the end he said, this trocar, which, you know, it didn't show it explicitly. It showed the clamp going around the neck and this little drill inside of a shaft start. Right. And then sort of moving and then blood being drawn. But it doesn't show like going in the neck or anything. No. But he said what they ended up with, he said to me it was something far creepier than a vampire biting someone's neck. Sure. But they were like, it's not reproducible though, so it's fine. And It's also, it's weird that Hasbro is so fixated on not including reproducible violence, because apparently they saw Night Trap as a way to interest adults.


Right. Because they had apparently found out during focus group testing of scene of the crime. I believe that the parents who were in the room or were a part of the focus group were saying like, ire, I really kind of like this. It's like a TV show, but I get to control it. Right. Because it looked like something that they understood. Right? Yeah. And so Hasbro was like, oh, okay, this has been like a kid's thing up to this point. Maybe we can finally crack into the adult market with this stuff. So it's weird that they, that they ified it to death if they were trying to use it to, to capture adults. But maybe they were like, it has to go both ways in case adults don't like it. Well, I think in the documentary they make the point that Hasbro was, I think the adults were looming out there as a possibility, but they were like, adults will never play video games.


Yeah. So what they really wanted until they grow up and, and continue to play video games. Sure. Well, they really were after was a teenage market, which didn't fully exist at this point. Oh, gotcha. Like an old, like 16 and 17-year-old boys, which is why they put sorority girls in like a 90 at a slumber party. Right. Was an all in an effort to sort of titillate, you know, people like me. Right. And it worked like a charm. I had never heard of it back then because You just, you would play Night Trap and Netflix and chill by yourself. Yes. So they actually had to shoot this like a movie. You know, they shot it in Culver City on a sound stage and what they would do back then for, and you know, they, there were more full motion games of the time and you would try and cast one recognizable face among this cast to sort of, they called it the anchor to like, all right, well this has got so and so in it.


And who did they cast for Night Trap? Dana Plato from, from different strokes. Kimberly. That's right. Yeah. Kimberly who passed away very tragically. Man, I was reading about her life. Yeah. She had a hard sad life. Yes, man. Very tragic story. Yeah, It is. It's very sad. And they actually went back and rule her death as suicide later. Did you know that? I dunno if I knew that. Yeah. She died by suicide ultimately. 'cause she overdosed on like was VA drugs or, yeah. Okay. In Soma, I believe, which is like a, a a generic lo tab. Interesting. Which I, I'm, I think you really have to try. Like, I don't think that's an accidental thing, which is probably why they, man, they did that. But it was at a family reunion Ugh. In Oklahoma.


Wow. Which I'm like, God man, that's, that's just a sad ending. And her son actually died by suicide as well later on. Really? Oh, I think I knew that. Like not super long ago. Right? Yeah. Like Yeah. In the 2000 tens. Yeah. Oh man. Very sad. But yeah, Dana Plato was cast as that anchor. She played Kelly, who was an, a secret agent who was, had infiltrated the house. She Was undercover. Yeah. She's undercover. And she would talk right to camera and say things like, you've gotta get to the other room because the augers are after. Yeah. Whoever Mary help her. Yeah. Go help her. Yeah. And we should say also, so the, the, the group of crime fighters that she was a part of was called scat. Yeah.


The special control attack team Scat. And then, I don't know if we also said, so the people who own the house had invited this group of teens that included Undercover Dana. Plato Kelly, who I, which I saw admittedly on Wikipedia. This is, this is a great example of Night Trap being Night Trap in the, in the credits at the end. Kelly's name is spelled with a y on the end in the player's, the user's hand guide. It's Anai. It's Anai. Yeah. That's, that's Night Trap for you right there. But the, the family that invited the kids, the, these teenage girls out to for a weekend at their house are actually themselves vampires with teeth Yeah.


And everything. They're not augers. They're actually va vampire. And they don't attack people. No. They brought them there for the augers. Right, right, right. To source their blood, I guess. Yeah. There is a pretty funny scene in it. When did you watch any of it? I watched the whole thing. I watched. Oh, you did? Okay. The gr I think Grumpy Gamers did like a play through. Yeah. They have a full thing. I watched their their stuff too. And yeah, I've watched a lot of Night Trap stuff. The best part is when they're explaining in the game what the augers are, and the woman says, you know, it's a vampire who's been blah, blah, blah. And one of the scat guys is in the background and he goes, you've got to be jiving me. It's like, I didn't see that. Oh, it was great. It was like, was this game made in 1989 or 1973?


It was really confusing. Yeah. Like what era? It was. So you said it was shot on a sound stage in, in Culver City. Yeah. And it took like three 30 days almost, because they Had to shoot a ton of stuff. Yes. Because it was like a 250 page script, which is incredibly long. Wow. Ed who helped us out with this one. He points out that a two hour movie might have 120 page script. It's about a minute per page. Is is the rule of thumb. This is 250 pages for a video game. That was not very good. Yeah. That didn't have a lot of dialogue, but there were a lot of different outcomes that can happen in one, just one particular scene. Sure. So If you shot a scene, you had to shoot it multiple times to get what you wanted.


Right. And then you had to shoot those multiple times multiple times for each outcome. Yeah. And, and we should say that the, the violence in the game, like we said, is suggestive for the augers. You don't really see anything. No. The only real violence is when the augers are dispatched of Yeah. But it is very much a wildly coyote bugs bunny sort of thing. Yeah. It's the definition of cartoonish violence. Yeah. Like they will be a Murphy bed will flip them out of a window or they'll just Whoa. Like fall through a trap door. The stairs very, like one of the things, if they're coming down the stairs, you can trap them by collapsing the stairs. Yeah. Like a fly down. That's a cartoon when they fall into the trap, like smoke machine pour smoke out of it.


It's impossible. Yeah. That they weren't going for cartoonish violence. There's no way. Right. Oh, of Course. That the, the producers and director Yeah. We we're trying to be like, scary in any way, shape or form. But it was shot by Don Burgess who was nominated for an Oscar less than a decade after Night Trap for Forrest Gump. So they had a real team. It wasn't just, you know, they didn't, you know, say, all right, well let's go out in the valley and use some, like a, a porn crew Sure. And just do this thing. Like they had a real Crew. No. And apparently Hasbro spent, depending on who you ask at least a million dollars on this. Yeah. They said one five in the documentary.


Hmm. So they, they put some money into it and it is not apparent on the screen. It, the sets look terrible. The, the doorways, I don't know If you notice, but any doorway, they didn't build the door down to the floor. They built the door down to like a, a one foot tall step over. I didn't. So anytime someone opens the door, they step over this. Like, I didn't notice that one foot tall, like wooden set. That's awesome. I mean, the set is, it's basically like they could have repurposed it for growing pains or family ties or something Like that. May or no, they probably would've said like, Hmm, this doesn't look good enough. Right. For maybe small wonder. I think they used it for small wonder. How about that? There is no nudity we should point out.


But it again, was never gonna be kid friendly. But also when you, when you, we'll get to the court stuff, when you hear how it's described by these senators, it's So over the Top. It's so over the top. Yeah. Should we take a break? You don't wanna take a break, do you? No, I'm excited and I'm ready to keep going, but let's take a break. Alright. Well I guess we should take a break by saying that Hasbro dumped the game. This is a nice cliffhanger. Oh, okay. Hasbro dumped the game. Wait, wait. Well, Hasbro dumped the game or not, Chuck. Okay. We will find out right after this.


There's nothing like sinking into luxury. An Bay sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. Anaba has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain-resistant performance fabric, slip covers, and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids hats or anyone who loves an easy to clean spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699, and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


This episode is sponsored by Liquid iv. Hey everybody. If you're prepping for a big summer, then that means you should plan to stay hydrated so you can get the most outta your body and live more during those warm summer months. That's right. And that means you need to visit liquid iv.com and maximize your summer plans with sugar-free hydration featuring the new Raspberry Lemonade hydration multiplier. You can get 20% off your first order with a code stuff at checkout. That's right. And even more than a great deal. It also tastes great too. That's right. And my buddy, I have to tell you, I love Liquid iv. I use it a lot. It hydrates me very well. I love that lemon lime. It tastes really good. And I put it in my little dot kit when I travel and I feel like I'm always pretty well hydrated. Yeah, you're well hydrated because Liquid IV is made with an optimized ratio of electrolytes, essential vitamins, and clinically tested nutrients that turn ordinary water into extraordinary hydration. Break the mold and own your ritual. Just one stick in 60 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. So get ready for summer with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code stuff at checkout. It's 20% off your first order with code stuff@liquidiv.com.


You know, people talk a lot about spring cleaning, but here's what we should really be talking about. Bombas Spring Socks. You heard it right? It's a busy time of the year and the right socks can make or break your spring. Yeah. Bombas has the best no-show socks. They're the only no-show socks I've ever worn that don't just immediately slide down under my heel. That's right. And Bombas even makes the ultimate air in socks from actually spring cleaning to walking the dog to everything in between. Bombas took their socks. Arch hugging stay up cuff ultra cushion design very seriously so you can take a load off. Nice. And Bombas now offers international shipping. In addition to the us they now ship to over 200 countries. Bombas started making socks when they learned that they're the number one most requested clothing item in homeless shelters. So thank you for shopping with Bombas. You helped donate over 150 million essential items. Now that's a lot of socks and a lot of kindness. Head over to bombas.com/syk and use our code SYSK for 20% off your first purchase. That's BOM bs.com/ssk with code S Ys K at checkout.


Okay, Chuck, it's cliffhanger. Answer Time Hasbro dumped the game. Oh my Gosh. Because A, it wasn't that great, but the big reason was because CD ROM technology started up and they were like, we, we've got VHS technology. Right. And we sunk 1,000,005 into this Turkey. Yeah. Like, let's just dump it. And that should have been the end of it. Not just Night Trap, but the whole control vision thing. Yeah, sure. That that night, the whole platform, that Night Trap was just gonna be a game on. Yeah. Totally gone. CD ROM killed it. Hasbro said, forget it. The thing is, the people who worked on designing this game said, no, no, no, no. Hasbro's being shortsighted here. It's too good. This game in particular, maybe Control Vision is dead.


Granted the VHS thing, we're gonna just forget about that. But this game is too groundbreaking to just let Die. So they actually went to Hasbro and said, how much will you sell us? The footage, the code, the whole shebang for Night Trap for? And the de designers actually bought the game from Hasbro and took it and founded their own company, digital Pictures. Do you know how much they sold it for by Chance? No, I couldn't Find it. I couldn't find it either. I would guess Peanuts basically. Right. They probably were like, I don't ever want to hear the words night or trap together again to get it outta here. But these, these designers, developers, directors, writers, everybody got together, formed digital pictures and bought it and started developing ni Trek, ironically for CD rom, which is the, the very, the very type of media Yeah.


That killed it in the first place. Yeah. By, by Jim's telling on the documentary, I don't know if they were already going CD Rom or if it was initiated by Sega, but he got a call, he said, out of the blue from Sega who had their gaming system at the time, Sega Genesis. And then Sega CD was an add-on system featuring this new CD ROM technology. And he said they got a call that said, Hey, you want to develop this for CD Rom? And he probably got a good laugh out about, about that and the irony and then said, sure. 'cause Nitra must live. Yes. This guy is dedicated to Night Trap living. If there's one thing that he wants to keep alive in in the world, it is Night Trap.


That's right. So they started developing it for CD rom. It was a step up for sure, from what I can tell, like the, the graphics worked a lot better. The problem is, is this was 1992. 1992 was when it was finally released as a CD ROM game. Yeah. They had shot all this footage in the late eighties, But it looked like the late seventies. There was A big difference between say 1988 and 1992. Yeah. Style wise for sure. It was apparent, visually apparent and immediately apparent to anybody say a video game playing age. Yeah. Agreed. That was a big strike against Night Trap to begin with. But probably the biggest stripe of all was that it wasn't a highly playable game.


It was not a good game. And it probably would've just kind of faded away. Like it, it sold, I guess enough that it qualified as like a, not a ter not a disaster. They at least did more than break even. But it probably would've just fallen into the dustbin of history had it not been for Senator Joe Lieberman of Connecticut and Senator Herb Cole of Wisconsin. A couple of Democrats who created this crusade about violent video games. And I think 1993. Yeah. And so this very much mirrored, If you listen to our Satanic panic episodes and the PMRC and music labeling, N-P-A-A-N-P-A-A, Like this was all the time when everyone was saying, Hey listen, we need to start at least labeling this stuff so parents know what their kids are doing.


And just watch a little bit. You know, there's all kinds, it was in the Netflix documentary, but there's all sorts of stuff on YouTube about these hearings where they're talking about the disgusting trash and the filth. Right. And the hyper violence. And it's like, it's really not that violent. So, So here's the thing. They were, they went after Moral ko. Yeah. Which was super violent. It really was. Yeah. And they went after Night Trap, which was, again, cartoonish, not a drop of blood spills from a person's body. Right. But it had Ladies in Lingerie One. Yes. Okay. I'm not defending any kind of violence against women. Oh, of course not. I'm not defending objectifying women.


But Night Trap was unfairly railroaded. Oh yeah. Because For some reason, I think probably because it was, it was film. It was people, like the people were controlling people. That was the difference. Because there was, there were a hundred exploitation movies in horror movies by this point. Sure. 200. Yeah. 300 that were, it was on that a thousand times worse than this. Yeah. But the fact that you were controlling, yet, they never said, and they make a a big point about this in the documentary. Like, you weren't doing the violence. Like the whole point of the game was to stop the augers. That's, Yes.


Like you weren't the person doing the augering or the You're preventing the violence. Yeah. I guess that's why they called em augers. 'cause it was kinda like an auger. Yeah. Yeah. The Tool was, yeah, that's what I guess Crow what? Crowbar Towbar, what was it called? Crowbar Trocar. Trocar. Yeah. Crowbar. But yeah. And they never, I mean, he, Jim Reilly was like, they clearly never even played the game. Yeah. No. They were talking about the cover Of the thing was lurid. They didn't like the cover of the box. Yeah. They, yeah. They definitely hadn't played the game. Yeah. It was just impossible from what they were saying Yes. Happens in the game. And the big one was like you were saying that it, it, it, it let players carry out sexual violence against women. And No, you do the opposite of that.


Right. There's violence that is carried out by the augers If you don't do it. Right. If you, If you, If you lose, If you not good at the game, If you lose Yes. Exactly. But even then, like, even in the most disturbing scene, which was the one with the lady and the, and the 90 looking in the mirror. Yeah. The augers come in behind her and it's for sure creepy looking at first. But, you know, then they get out the, the CRO car, I can't even remember Now. Trocar Trocar. And she's like, ah, ah. And it's like the worst be movie. And then they just sort of drag her over the threshold of one of those doors, I would say gently escorted. Yeah. Through the door. You Know, you don't see any of the violence even. No. It's all just suggested. Right? Yes. But again, Nitra got lumped in with Mortal Kombat and because of this, because it was very clear that the writing was on the wall, the media has a really great track record of saying, oh God, if we don't come up with a rating system ourself Right.


Congress is gonna impose it on us. And so they came up with the ESRB, the entertainment software rating board. That's right. It was a industry created, self-imposed rating system that was brought about in large part because of Nitra. Right. So Sega pulls the game. Eventually it became really popular because of these senatorial hearings. Right. I'm glad. Which is what always happens. Yes, that's exactly right. It was starting to fade away. It would've been lost to history. Yeah. And then the senators came in and were like, kids go buy that game. Kids wanted to play it. Yeah. But Sega did eventually pull it, digital Pictures re-released it as their own distributor and rated it m for mature.


And that should have, that should have also been the end of it. Right. Yeah. I should have just kind of went away af Especially after Sega pulled it because it got pulled from KB Toys and Toys R Us because of kids. But like you're saying, it was still around and then when Sega pulled, it was like, you couldn't find it anyway. Right. It should have been the end. And then in 2014, Tom Re Jim Re Jim Jim re started a Kickstarter and said, we're gonna resurrect Night Trap. All we need is $330,000. People are gonna go crazy for this. He's a cult Following. Yeah. Yeah. It's gonna be the greatest Kickstarter in the history of Kickstarters.


And it was not the greatest Kickstarter ever. It was one, a really, really bad Kickstarter that had a lot of criticism, skepticism, and ultimately only garnered, I think about $40,000 when they were after 330. And that was in 2014. Yeah. So that obviously was the end of Night Trap. Right. That was not the end of Night Trap. The bad game that refused to die. Yeah. In 2016, there was a video on YouTube that showed someone playing Night Trap on their telephone, on their smartphone. And so, I don't know if it was Jim Ri, or one of the original devs saw it and was like, what is going on? You can't play Night Trap on a smartphone. Yeah. 'cause it was never developed at the technology, unless that smartphone is playing a CD that I don't know about in the background.


And they got in touch with the person, his name was Tyler Hoggle, and he was a mobile game programmer who followed, was a fan of the original as like in AOC occult fan way. That's A deep cut at that time. Oh. Super deep cut. And then basically said, I'm gonna get a playable version hacked together for smartphones. And did it like semi successfully. Yeah. So he, he basically created this just on his own. And then once the video surfaced Yeah. And the, the original developers, Jim Re and some of the others got in touch with them. They said, here, man, here's, here's, we lost the code years ago. Yeah. No one has any idea where it is, but we do have original 35 millimeter footage, which is timestamped, which is really critical.


Yeah. Because you have to wait is, we'll, we'll talk about how to play it in a second. The timing is everything. Yeah. Between the video and the players' controls. So with the timestamps, Tyler Hoggle was able to basically create a new modern 25th anniversary edition that just is actually kind of a, a, as far as Night Trap goes is the Best Night Trap that there could possibly Be. Yeah. That was the 20 17, 20 fifth dish rated T for teens this time. Still Preposterous. Which is funny. And apparently the, You know, you said he lost the code, but he was like that, that's really easy. Like, I've got all this footage that's timestamped. Yeah. He's like, I can code this thing in my sleep.


Basically. He basically did. So there is a 25th edition of Night Trap, which apparently Nintendo has a version of. Oh, interesting. Which is kind of funny because at the time of those Senate hearings in 19 93, 94, Nintendo famously said they would never allow Night Trap on their platform. And they did. Yeah. And Nintendo is still sort of known as the more family friendly right unit. Yeah. I think they even had a bloodless Mortal Kombat, if I'm not mistaken. Or maybe it was a setting. I remember that. Oh, I think, yes. It rings a bell. Did you see the new Mortal Kombat movie? Did You have any interest? I have seen Zero Mortal Kombat movies.


The new one just came out on HBO Max. Is it good? It's pretty Good. I mean, did you play the game? Yeah. Yeah. Do you have nostalgia for the game? Sure. Yeah. You should watch it. Okay. It's good enough. It looks good. And there's great fights. And then some nice Easter eggs and, okay. It's like the Mortal Kombat movie. That should have been, 'cause they made one previously that wasn't that great. Yeah. From the nineties. Yeah. But this one looks, it's pretty cool. Okay. Okay. I'll Check it out. You rip out spines and hearts and I'll, I'll, Oh, okay. I'll, I'll go check it out. And The way they do the blood, it looks just like the game. Is it rated T fort? No, it's rated R. Okay. Because it a movie fort. But we mentioned that, that it wasn't that great of a game because of the game play. One of the biggest problems was that you've got all these stories going on in these different windows, but you can only kind of control one at a time.


So when you're controlling one scene, other stuff is going on. And we mentioned that makes it impossible to follow the actual story. That's a big problem. So it suffers there. Yeah. But there's also this thing where you have a red light, a green light, and a yellow light. And when these lights turn on, if it's the right color, light is when you engage the trap button. Right. And that's when the auger will flip out the window. But it has to be timed. Right. Yeah. And apparently, while you're in these other rooms, If you want to follow the story for a couple of minutes, they will change the codes of the color codes. Right. So if you're in another room, they'll be like, the code is now green. Yes. And you don't know that 'cause you're not watching it.


So you go back and you think the code is red. Right. And so you're losing the game. Yeah. Because you have to have the right security code activated to activate the traps. Right. 'cause this is the Martin's family's security cameras. The Martin family, the vampires Right. Are the ones who created the traps. You are just hacked into it thanks to your pals at scat. Right. Who you're basically freelancing for. But when they change those, those Codes That it's doesn't show on screen. Right. The character tells another character to go down to the basement and change the code to orange And a different screen that you may not be watching. Yeah. In a different room that you can't hear or see or anything like that. Because you're in the living room and this conversation's happening in the kitchen. That is not a thing where it's like, oh, that's a cool little, little, little feature.


You know, GA, that part of the gameplay. It's a bug that is a maddening ho Yes. It's a bug. Right. So that, that, that's a big part. That's a big problem with it as well. And then also, you don't have to get a perfect, you don't have to play a perfect game to win. But if any, if any of the augers get any of the characters, yes. You lose. Right. If too many augers start to accumulate, you lose. And you get yelled at by the leader of scat. It's kind of funny. He gets really mad at you for Yeah. For screwing up. But to win, it's, you're basically memorizing where to go when, and it happens, especially toward the end really quick. So like you'll, you know, set off a trap in one room and you have to go remember what room you're supposed to go to to get the trap set for the next auger.


And it's not really fun. It gets really intense toward the end, but not necessarily fun. Yeah. I mean, hats off to the grab stir. 'cause he actually played this thing and tried to play it. Right. Which was more than I was willing to do. But I did watch the, the walkthroughs, Did you see the Night Trap video or the lip sync video? I did Not. There's actually a theme song Night Trap. Oh, right. Look out behind you. Or something like that. That one of the characters does a air guitar, tennis racket, lip sync to Oh Wow. Dancing while the other characters have to watch and pretend like they're not mortified with embarrassment at seeing this. It's, it's really something. Oh Man. I kept waiting in the documentary for a big reveal that like George Clooney was one of the augers or something.


Right. But Dana Plato was about, as you know Yeah. A-list as it got at the time, which was probably C list at the time. Yeah. Yeah. You got anything else? I got nothing else. Night Trap. Go seek it out. Night Trap. Look out behind you. That's right. If you wanna know more about Night Tripp, you don't even have to play it. You can just go on YouTube and watch basically the movie. And even then, it's still generally incoherent. But since I said it's still generally incoherent, it's time for listener mail. I'm gonna call this Speed Reading Trauma. Hey guys, I should start with the obligatory long time, first time, finally. Reason to email. And here I am.


So, hello. I didn't think that a short stuff on speed reading of all things would trigger my first email. But here we go. Halfway through the show, I was flooded with a vivid memory of speed reading in my elementary school gifted class. Speaking of other scams, this was In the early nineties. My teacher would drag a transparency with a printed passage. Oh, I kinda remember this, across an overhead projector at increasing speeds. And after each pass we would take a comprehension test. I had no idea that this was a scam. I just thought it was a standard part of the curriculum that I wasn't very good at, and I felt terrible about it. Aw. Then again, in my Louisiana public school curriculum. Curriculum, we also had to get a hunting license and shoot clay pigeons as part of Louisiana history in middle school.


I grew up shooting clay pigeons. Really? For school? No. Oh, okay. Fun. I, I would like to try that. It's cool. Skit shooting. Yeah. That's another way to put it. Looks like fun. Just stand behind. That's the rule, right? Yeah, Basically. Anyway, thanks so much for the entertainment and education at entertainment, especially this past year. I've often had you in my ear while I work from home to feel a little less solitary. That is from Kate Ellis Jensen in Boulder, Colorado. Thanks a lot, Kate. That was a good email. Very sorry to set off the trauma, but I'm glad that it's passed. I'm presuming it passed. Yeah, I kind of remember that happening, but I certainly was not in a gifted class. It doesn't sound like a, a very fun procedure.


It kind of sounds like Ray fines revealing himself to Philip Seymour Hoffman and Red Dragon. Oh, Spoiler. Do you see? Yeah. That's creepy. You what I'm talking about Creepy. Sure. We talked about that recently. Yeah. The Wheelchair and fire scene was very visceral. Hilarious. Yeah. But also really funny If you stop and think about it. Sure. That movie just danced on the line and sometimes it went over. Agreed. Well, If you wanna know more about Red Dragon, oh, we had already said that stuff. If you wanna get in touch with us like Kate did, then you can email us like Kate did at stuff podcast@iheartradio.com.


Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing, the paycheck that puts Pizza Night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments, and protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus, Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health the priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade-in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200. Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine 0.99 purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% a PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung. Trade in and additional terms apply.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.