
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member, FDIC.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple Pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Hey there everybody, it's me, Josh, and for this week's SYSK Selects, I've chosen our 2021 episode on Muzak. And you might ask, who could possibly like the Noso Omni P annoyance? That was Muzak. Well, me, I like Muzak. So there, but if you're not over 40, you might not even know that there was a time you couldn't step out in public from department stores. Those are in something we call malls to elevators without malty string arrangements of pop music pummeling you with their saccharine sound. And you know what? You're the worst off for not having experienced it. Instead, you can experience this episode and I hope you enjoy it.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark, and there's Charles w. Chuck Bryan over there. And there's Dave c Sten. I said it right this time. I thought it was Stan. No, If you're in France, that's how you would say it. But here in the United States you say Cussin. Can I start this off by saying something? Oh boy. I am worried about what you're gonna say, but okay. Well, this episode is on Muzak and I started thinking last night, I was thinking about your love of Muzak, which is not at all ironic.


Not in the least, but you can't say that kind of thing these days. People don't believe you. I know, it's true. Everyone. I know Josh very well, and I was thinking of your, and I like all kinds of music too, but you know, in my heart, I'm a rock and roll guy. Sure. And I was thinking about your top musical genres that are above rock and roll in your picking order. Yeah. Not in order. I counted easy listening, Muzak, disco, art, rock, kraut, rock, and I probably missed a couple. Kraut Rock is below Rock and Roll. I, I want to like Kraut Rock. It just doesn't quite jive with me. I like some, but not all of it. And then stuff I, I think Art Rock 'cause just sort of that avant-garde.


Like I don't, you don't love Yoko, but you certainly are a bit of a Yoko apologist. Sure. Grace Jones, stuff like that. But Oh, I love Grace Jones for sure. What about Talking Heads? They go in there too, right? They'd Probably be, I mean, they literally went to art school together. Yeah. I mean they kind of span from art rock to New Wave to like world music by the time they finished. Yeah. Yeah. I know. But yeah, I mean, I certainly love the Talking Heads, but all of those for you are above good old fashioned rock and roll, I think. Yeah. You also lift out nineties techno. I've been listening to a lot of that too, like Alternate and The Prodigy and everything. But you love music.


You really do. I do. I do too. Actually, I don't know. I'm so glad. I don't know how much I'll, like, I will listen to some of that stuff and we'll talk about, we'll talk about Eno in here, of course, old Sour Post Brian Eno. But I love listening to his ambient stuff, which he sort of wrote as an antidote to Muac. Again, we'll talk about that more later. But I do, like in certain circumstances, that music thing is really great to, to have on in my house as background music. And it serves that same purpose. One of the big reasons why too, is because you can get stuff done with it.


Like lyrics can be so distracting, they just latch onto your brain and say, no, no, no, pay attention to me. I am, I'm talking to you now. Music does the opposite of that. It says, go be free, but also enjoy this. Like there's, there's like a whole part of your brain that music can tap into that doesn't require your conscious thought, but it still produces like good feelings. And you know, like people, people just smack music around. Like, it's just, it's so bland and it's so soulless. And I totally disagree with that. Like, If you actually stop and listen to music, it's really, really technically proficient. It's frequently well done.


It's often very clever and creative and inventive, which is really saying something because you're doing this when the, in the confines of covering an existing song in a way that makes it familiar and easy to recognize, but also takes away any intrusiveness that it might have. It's tough to do. And I, I really, I just, I love music. You're absolutely right. Like I listened to music this whole time. Yeah. Not just when we were, when we were researching Music Act today, but also when I was researching the Havana Syndrome and I realized like, this is my normal thing. This is the same stuff I listen to when I'm researching anyway. Yeah. Yeah. And we can go ahead and dispel a couple of, or, or not myths, but clear up a couple of things right off the bat.


First of all, Muzak is a name brand, and people can kind of collectively use the term muac or have collectively use that term for what's called like potted plant music or elevator music or shopping music. But it is actual actually a brand name, which we'll get to the history of. And then the second thing is it, it gets the name elevator music. Part of the myth is that people said, well, they put it on elevators because people were afraid to death of elevators early on and it calmed people down, or it covered up the noise of the clanking elevators. I'd never heard that before, did you? Yeah. Neither one of those things are true. Total myth, my guess is that it was played on elevators.


And because you're in such a closed little box that's usually quiet, it just was way more noticeable than like in a big office full of people working. So people called it elevator music. That's my guess, Right? Yeah. I mean, yeah, there wasn't music on elevators before, but for several decades in the 20th century, like there, there weren't many elevators you could get on because people didn't have elevators in their house. So it was a public building you were in where they weren't playing music to, to of some form very frequently Muzak, Like great blues brothers scene. Yeah. Hu hu hu again. Yeah, because they're, they're going up to the what? The Cook County Assessor's Office.


And they like there, there's the entire Chicago police department is after them, but they're forced to get on this elevator. And the the girl from Ima is playing. I think My favorite part of that scene is there's just dozens and hundreds of cops and SWAT guys just, you know, hu hot, hot hut hut when they're repelling and doing all this stuff. And then there's the one shot of the lone guy repelling down the side of the building and he's by himself just going hut, hut, hut, hut. Yeah, that's a good one. So funny. There's Another scene too from around the era a few years later from airplane two where it's like rip torn, I believe it's rip torn the Artie from the Larry Sanders show.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I don't know the other guy he's talking to, but anyway, they're walking and talking and they have to get on an elevator and the elevator door opens and it's just blaring like, like eardrum shattering decibel, MacArthur Park. And they have to get on, people are coming off the elevator like with their hands to their ears, like with splitting headaches from this. But it's just completely the opposite of what elevator music's supposed to be like. But it's a good little scene too, as far as elevator music goes. Well, I mean, that's kind of one of the points too, is Musak has long been a movie trope and a TV trope and then been lampoon in scenes, just like the Blues Brothers scene where there's something chaotic going on and then you cut back to the sound of Musak playing wherever the other scene is sitting.


Right. Yeah. Very, very fun stuff. But, But that started, I guess it started with the Blues Brothers, which came out in 1980, but before that, that was like, Muzak was not really Lampoon. I mean, not everybody liked it. It really kind of started to get a little backlash in the, the late sixties, early seventies as we'll see. But there was a very significant chunk of the 20th century, again, from maybe 1950 to 1980, we'll say, where everywhere you went in public, including If you took a Greyhound bus or If you were on a plane, or you happened to be in Air Force one, or you were at the mall in an elevator at your office, everywhere music was, was playing.


There was music playing everywhere. It was just a part of life that you was inescapable actually. Yeah. So let's go back in time and talk about the inventor of Muzak. And this is sort of a fun fact of, of Muzak. The man's name is George Square. It is spelled Squire, but he swears it's pronounced square. I'm really impressed, man. I had not come up with that one, Or he swore it was pronounced square. Yeah, that's kind of one of the funny jokes. Like the guy who invented Mu X was square. Yeah. But Major General George Square was born in 1865, If you believe that. And he has a, just a laundry list of accomplishments as a human being.


He was, he earned a doctorate from Johns Hopkins in electrical science. He was an army engineer with a, a PhD I think the first one. Yeah. And he, he was, I believe, the lead signal corps officer for the Army as well. He was, he also was inducted into the National Academy of Sciences, which connects this episode to the other one today. That's right. Because he came up with something called a tree telephone. He figured out how to use any tree, but preferably one with fully lived, I guess. Right. I don't know what you'd call that. Full as a, as a receiver and, and transmitter for radio signals. He figured out how to use a tree, a living tree for that.


He was, here's another old fun fact. He was one of the first airplane passengers ever, because he was way into human flight and got together with the, the Wright brothers in a 1906 consulted with them and they said, Hey, why don't you take a ride in our new little biplane? You'll probably live. Right. I looked at our, I looked at the document for our Wright Brothers episode and he did not appear, I don't think we mentioned him. No, but he might, he might have been the first airline passenger from what I saw. Yeah. Where he really made a big name for himself pre Musak was this invention, which is what we call multiplexing, which is he figured out, or maybe wire wireless communications, which is something he worked on with the Army.


He basically figured out how to get multiple uses out of single telephone lines. Telephone wires were, you know, there are only so many, so you were really limited as to what you could do with them and how many people could use them. So he basically figured out a way to increase their output and efficiency by multiplexing and by sending superimposing high frequency radio signals over those low frequency telegraph signals. Basically just allowing you to use the wire at the same time. The same wire. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's like, If you think of like a wave, if it's low frequency, there's big wide gaps in between. You can fit a higher frequency that's tighter and squished together in those gaps and, but you're still using the same line.


And you know, this was the guy who came up with that. That's an enormous advancement in telecommunications that we're still putting use today in some applications, but definitely helped like the early internet along, it was an just a huge contribution to humanity. Like forget even just music, like just that alone would, would probably warrant like an episode for For George Square. Yeah. And I think he was like, everyone should be able to use this, so I'm gonna open source it and everyone can use this new multiplexing technology. At and t came along and said, we'll use it. And then, you know what? You've stole it from us actually. Right.


He, he came up with it, but since he left it open, they decided to just take it from him and sue him for it. I think he sued them, but it didn't work. That's right. You're right. So he, but he still was able to use this wire wireless technology with multiplexing. And at the time, people were starting to get into radio broadcasts, but radio, wireless radio like that you would just have in your house that's picking up radio waves at a station. That was not widespread at the time. So George Square said, you know what, I understand people want music in their house. I'm gonna give it to 'em. I'm going to use that multiplexing technology and I'm going to run sound waves over the electrical wires that go into the house.


Brilliant. And I'm gonna sell this. It is brilliant. I'm gonna sell this service to people's homes for a dollar 50 a month, about $20 today. And it's just part of your utility bill because it's coming in through your electrical company. And there's actually a section of Cleveland called the Lakewood, I believe, Lakewood area. That was the pilot for this wired wireless radio that, that George Square invented. The problem was, is by the time they deployed it, wireless radio was already a thing. Yeah. And so we had this really great idea that just little late, no longer had an application. Yeah, he was, he basically invented the first music subscription service.


Exactly. Yeah. And he had cool multiple channels too. Like when you subscribed, you got news, you got dance music. There was like, I think three different channels you could choose from. Howard. Howard Stern. Yep. Howard Stern was on back then. Nice. Baba Bowie. So he had that technology though. And he said, you know what, this is a good idea though. Maybe I can think of how to use this in offices, in stores. And in 1934, he looked up at Kodak, very successful corporation and said, I love that name. And I love music. Let's just call it music. Yep. And history changed. And maybe we should take a break.


Okay, let's do it. Alright, We'll be right back.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn, you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/sy sk, that's linkedin.com/scy sk. And you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly, execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life. Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry me slash stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now, or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible


Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing an Bay Sofas. Where designer style meets budget friendly prices. Anaba brings you the ultimate in furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. An Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stain resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy liquids simply slide right off designed for custom comfort. Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years. Don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


So in the parlance of today, Chuck George Square and his Muzak Corporation pivoted from home consumer markets to business markets. And that just knocked it out of the park because it turned out that there were a lot of companies, hotels, restaurants, clubs. I think the Stork Club was an early customer that said, you know what, it's really gonna make our place seem fancy if we've got music piping in all the time. So yes, we would like to sign up for your service. And that's really where muac kind of started to take off. Yeah. So Muac, I mean, we haven't even said what it is.


Surely people know, but I would hope so. Muac are instrumental tracks and you did mention that there were no vocals, so we kind of hinted at it. That's A big one. Yeah. But there are instrumental tracks that are cover songs of kind of anything you can think of. I mean that I've heard some, some music of some heavy rock. It can be classical music, it can be old standards. But the point is they are instrumental versions that are rerecorded. They don't just take the vocals out. It's not karaoke style. Right, right. It is re-record arranged and recorded by professional really good musicians, orchestras sometimes. Yeah. Yeah. And it is, that's what it is.


And it's great at the end and Very, very frequently. It's, it's made into a much more mellow version of itself. Yeah, sure. Like any rough edges are taken off the the, since they take the vocals out, it's not like there's not, they're that vocal melody is non-existent any longer. They just replace it with something else. So if they're trying to go for something like a little more upbeat or uptempo, they'll replace the, the vocals with say like a saxophone. If they're trying to do something a little more mellow, they'll replace the vocals with a string section. Yeah. Or Harp perhaps. Yeah. That's one of the things that, that Muzak is very famous for is like ma, what's called masses of strings. Just strings upon strings.


Mm. And in fact, one of the early, I guess big name groups that produced mu was called 101 Strings. Yeah. They probably were absolutely accurate in that. Like, there's just a lot tons of strings everywhere. Violins, cellos, violas, every, every string instrument you can throw at it, they just layer upon layer in these songs. It's one of the hallmarks of, of music. Yeah. The, and there are, there are many versions of Antonio Carlos Jo Beam's girl from IPA Nima, but the music version and one of the most popular in that 101 strings version is the most ubiquitous from that lot.


I do encourage people to go watch the YouTube though of Frank Sinatra and Job Beam singing that song live on TV because it's great in every way. They're just sitting next to each other and the shot isn't wide at first and they're just sort of singing back and forth to each other. And Frank's doing his thing and then it cuts to the wide. And Frank is like totally kicked back with his legs crossed with a cigarette in his hand. Exactly. Like you would hope. But he looks like, I mean, he looks like he just not rolled outta bed 'cause he is put together, but he looks like he rolled from his wicker bag to his wicker chair. Right. For this performance. Can I get some cocaine in here, baby? So that's Joe Piscopo as Frank Sinatra.


Do you ever listen to Joe Beam's stuff? Oh yeah, dude, I, I love that old lounge stuff. It's really great Brazilian stuff. Yeah. His record Stone Flower is just a masterpiece from beginning to end. Yeah. That's, That's good party music. Yeah. That's another thing though too is like, it's so mellow that to, to take that kind of music and then make it into music is like, it's almost like it takes a certain amount of audacity. Right. You know, like I was listening to, I found, so there's, I want to, I want to point people to two different music records that are on YouTube. One is called More Than Music Period and Environment.


It's a 1981 music record and it has a version of sailing Christopher crosses sailing one of the most Just already music to sleep to. Yeah, Exactly. They, they figured out how to basically make you lose control of your bladder listening to this, that, To what your bed to Yeah. That's a good one. And then the other one is called the Blue Album, and it is from 1974, I believe. And it's just both of them are really great. That's good. Good introductions to Muzak if you're not into it already. All right. So Muzak is trucking along in the thirties. They get to the forties and they think, you know what, we need a better way to sell this stuff and to pitch this to businesses and corporations.


So why don't we hire some people to research music and to figure out what kinds of music keep people happy and working and 'cause people, you know, they work hard in the morning and then they sort of lag a bit before lunch and then they really lag sort of a couple of hours after lunch. So why don't we do this? So why don't we study it? Let's call it stimulus progression. It's a bit pseudoscience. It makes sense. Is it though? It it is in that it's not been proven. It, it makes sense to everyone who I feel like knows about it. Like sure, music can pick you up and make you work harder, but it's pseudoscience in that it's, I don't think it's ever been scientifically proven.


I gotcha. Okay. Yeah. 'cause I keep seeing it just like dismissed as pseudoscience, but then there were plenty of early studies that were done by legitimate industrial psychologists and other like efficiency experts, that kind of thing that showed that there, there really was a significant like improvement in productivity or less sick days, that kind of stuff in places that have mak compared to places that didn't have Muac pumped into the office. Yeah. I think maybe there's specific claims about a workday. Oh, okay. Might have been a little in, I mean, everywhere I read said it was basically not a marketing scam, but a marketing tool that they kind of invented.


I gotcha. But, but so one thing to say about this, we we're gonna talk about it in a second stimulus progression, is that they, they did kind of plow money that they were making, they were making a lot of money starting in the late forties, early fifties. They plowed it back into research to basically come up with scientific evidence to back up their claims, which, and you can really kind see the ghost of George Square still looming over the company, you know, this, this decade or so after he died, that it's always been this kind of science interested, if not science-based company that's also been an early adopter of technology is.


We'll see. Yeah. I mean that is certainly fair. It was never just like, Hey, we're just gonna play a bunch of what people might consider Droll background music. Like they really did, I think, I don't think it was a scam. I think they really did try to study working environments. And what they did with his stimulus progression was they divided the workday into 15 minute increments and basically set a, a DJ playlist every 15 minutes to, and they assigned a stimulus value from one to six, one being really, really mellow, six being, you know, super up and they basically went through and almost like a, a Pandora sort of curated playlist type of thing to get people to work hard and efficiently throughout a day and companies bought in, including the US Army.


Yeah. I think World War II is basically cited as the, the, the moment when Musak kind of proved itself enough, at least to start being adopted by very large companies. And then within a few years after the war, by like the very early fifties, they started to spread more and more to even smaller and smaller companies. And it was this idea that If you played Muzak and MU's, you know, patented stimulus progression model, you know, you're going to avoid that mid-morning slump that like every worker goes through, you know, in productivity. And then the, the mid-afternoon slump, you could avoid that too and think about how many more widgets you could make if your employees don't, you know, slack off productivity wise at 10 30 from 10 30 to lunch, and then from like two 30 until they go home.


Like, imagine if this, this very pleasant music is just kinda keeping them humming along what, what people call a forward just unconscious sense of forward momentum. The tempo in your environment is moving subtly faster and faster. And so to keep people from going insane, part of the stimulus progression was that the, the songs in a 15 minute increment would kind of go up in tempo and then you'd have a 15 minute break of silence and then the music would come back on again. But then this 15 minutes, their, their first song, the tempo of their first song would probably start a little faster than the tempo of the first song of the last 15 minutes.


Right. And so all of a sudden, next thing you know, you're making widgets like a, a maniac because you're being manipulated by the stimulus progression model, at least again, according to Muac. It, I I get what you're saying. Like it's not like, you know, Harvard came along and said, yes, we've studied this thoroughly and this is exactly what happens. This is, you know, company claims, but it, it is intuitively sensible at least. Well yeah, I mean, you need only to host a house party and play mu and play music yourself. Right. To determine how music can affect the mood of a group of people you put on grooves in the heart and you know what's gonna happen.


Yeah. Everybody's gonna shake their groove thing. Everyone's gonna shape their groove thing, shake their groove thing. If you put in Old Sour Post Brian Eno's music for airports not a Good party thing. No, it's not. And I, since you brought him up for the second time, I say we discussed Brian Eno momentarily. Sure. I mean, I love that record and I love a lot of his stuff, including his ambient music experimental records. I think it's really, really good stuff to have on if it's a nice gray day outside and you're getting work done. I really enjoyed his background music, but it's definitely not up in any way.


You know, what I found is a really good one for, for what you just described, you ever listen to Future Sound of London? No. They have an album, like a double album called Life Forms. And it's, it's about as amazing as Ambient gets. You should check that one out. Emily ly Emily got me into Ambient. I call her Amie when she's listening to that stuff. Right. She really got me, she called it Ambient Groove. She really got me into that stuff over the years. Is that like, like 0 0 7 and Oh, okay. You know, stuff that's, she calls it ambient, groovy, just sort of sort of mellow and groovy and like zero seven and more Chiba. And it was a certain era I think where that stuff peaked massive attack a little bit.


Oh yeah. It's Good stuff. Yeah. I think you'd like life forms then. Future Sign of London stuff is normally a lot, a little more, you know, it's super cerebral and intelligent, but it's also fairly d Life forms is way, it's probably their most ambient stuff around. So Eno though, let's get back to him. He kind of came up with this as an am as a antidote to music, right? Yes. If you like ambient music, you better thank your lucky stars for mu because we're not for music. You might not have ambient music. At least not now. Maybe it'll be coming 50 years from now. Who knows. Yeah. He said I loved it. In this article it says, as reported by Red Bull Music, right.


Eno said this, and this was I think for the liner notes actually to airport or music for airports, whereas can, music's intention is to brighten the environment by adding stimulus to it. Ambient music is intended to induce calm and space, and a space to think ambient music must be able to accommodate many levels of listening attention without enforcing one in particular. It must be as ignorable as it is. Interesting. So, so he hits on something though that people would come to really resent about music is not even just necessarily the syrups of the, the music itself, but the intent behind the music. That it was always intended to basically manipulate your mood into making you a better worker, a more docile consumer.


That that it it was poking at your brain to Yeah. To get you to do things that you may or may not want to do. Maybe you're, you will be less likely to punch some guy on the bus because there's music playing, which is a good thing. We should not be punching other people on the bus. But the the point is, is you're being mind controlled in a certain way and eventually people got kind of resentful of that. Yeah, no, that's true. We're not there yet though. We're not there yet. Though. There was actually a point in time though, Chuck, where Muzak and popular music were basically one and the same. Yeah. That was sort of, I mean, one of the heydays of Muzak certainly was in that when, you know, when Glen, the Glen Miller orchestra was pop music on the radio, music wasn't a far stretch from some of that stuff.


So it was sort of all one and the same. I think it was as that as styles changed and the sixties and seventies start rolling along that music became really sort of a bad word to a lot of people. Right. And one of the reasons I saw that really explained it to me because, you know, things changed. The society just changed between the 1950s and the 1960s. It just abruptly changed. But to the, that doesn't fully explain why music just was suddenly looked down upon. A good explanation I saw is that lyrics became really, really important in the late sixties. Yeah, sure. People had something to say and mu does not include lyrics.


It, it, it completely undermines the point of music If you put lyrics in or don't, you know, don't rearrange the lyrics with strings. So music kind of couldn't, couldn't keep up with that. It's not like it went away, it doubled down, it kept doing what it was doing. And in fact, it would take some of those pop hits that had really monumentally important lyrics and just take the lyrics out and replace it with a saxophone or something like that. Yeah. They Didn't have to do that. I think it's interesting they could have had a really mellow singer at a certain point Yeah. Come in and they, I really respect the fact that they were like, Nope, the singer is a violin. And, and Right. I don't wanna hear it anymore. Right. But a lot of these songwriters in particular, like I think Joan Baez Mm, Bruce Springsteen, b Scaggs, all of them refused to let their, their music be covered by Muzak or any of its competitors.


But Paul Simon I saw said he always knew he had a hit when he heard a Musak version of it, like at the mall or something like that, which is kind of like weird al covering Nirvana. Yeah. Like Kurt Cobain said that he knew that Nirvana had made it when weird al covered smells like Teen Spirit. I think it's basically the same thing. Oh. I think most musicians, unless you're a Ted Nugent, who, and we'll get to that, but very famously sort of offered to buy Muzak when they fill upon a hard times so he could basically burn it to the ground. I think most musicians deep down think it's kind of an honor when one of their songs is MI it's Got Yeah, you'd have to, it's gotta be cool.


Right. I just wanna find out what somebody's gonna do with it. 'cause like I was saying at the beginning, like it really takes some creativity to, to come up with, okay, what can I replace this with that's not just completely predictable or boring, but also isn't gonna grab everybody's attention. Right. Because that's, again, not the point of Muzak. It's, it's one of the, the, the, I don't know if it was a slogan of the Muzak Corporation or not, but they basically said that they fill in the awkward pauses in life to where, you know, it's good to it. Yeah. You don't like, it's like you were saying at the party, you, If you are at a party that doesn't have any music on you just, it's so weird. Probably just get smashed outta your skull because you're just trying to lubricate the social situation so much.


Whereas If you put on music, it's like, it takes a lot of that edge off. That was one of the points too with music and then also to kind of get you to, to linger a little longer when you were shopping in a store, that was, that was part of it as well. Yeah. I mean, music, we almost always have music on in our house unless, you know it's night and we're watching, you know, a movie or watching something on tv. But at almost all waking hours we have music playing in our home and it just feels weird and quiet and not full of life when it's, when there's no music happening. Right. It's strange. It can be strange. For sure. Should we take a break?


Yeah. We're we're, we have reached basically the early seventies, which is Muzak's first crisis point. And we'll come back to that after this.


There's nothing like sinking into luxury. An Bay Sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. An Bay has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids pets, or anyone who loves an easy to clean, spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699 and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long and Get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos, hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home


for adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity. Refreshing sleep may be hard to come by and who likes to lag and drag through the day. OSA Is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily USA llc. LC.


Alright. So I'm born in 1971 and, and Musak starts to die a little bit. A little bit 'cause a real rock and roller came into the world. That's right. Born with a jean jacket with the Van Halen logo on marker in the back. It did not go away completely though. It was just sort of, I guess the beginning of the end. But that didn't mean there wasn't still a business model for muac. 'cause Muac was never about its popularity. No, but there was a time where it was popular. Like JFK had it on Air Force one. Yeah. I think Eisenhower had it piped into the White House.


It was playing on board Apollo 11. Yeah. Like it was a, like, it was everywhere. Like, it's really hard to get across how ubiquitous it was, but I found a quote from a guy named Professor Gary Gumpert of Queen College in New York. Nice. He said that it, that at the time, Muzak was just kind of amniotic fluid that surrounds us. It never startles us. It is never too loud. It's never too silent. It's always there. Yeah. And that was what it was like. You were just kinda moving from one placid bucolic field to the next, going from mall to mall, store to store, elevator to elevator, bus ride to bus ride.


It was just absolutely everywhere. So compared to that, the idea that it's absolutely everywhere unquestioned. Yeah. It really kind of started to take a bit of a downturn in the seventies, but it just didn't go anywhere yet. It took decades for it to really take a hit. Yeah. I mean, even in the eighties that was syndicated in 19 countries, there were 80 million people listening whether or not they wanted to or not listening to music every day. Yeah. And the company ended up being bought and sold a couple of times over the years. I think in 81 or in 72, a company called Teleprompter owned it. Yeah. In 81, Westinghouse bought it, and I don't know if I believe this, the story goes that Westinghouse learned later on when they, they were buying teleprompter that they owned music and apparently they didn't know that That's what funding universe.com says.


I don't know. I mean, who doesn't, maybe back then they didn't do research into purchasing entire corporations, but they Were, they were on a lot of scotch at the time, man. Although We've had companies that bought websites and then they learned that there was a podcast program attached. I think I've heard of that. Things you should do or something Like that. Yeah. That was actually, that that could happen. Now that I think about it. That's Right. Yeah. I I I kind of actually felt a deeper affinity from music when I learned how many times they've been passed around corporation by corporation. And then I think in the, I think it was, was when did Esco come along? Was that the nineties? So Yco was around from the sixties mid Well, when they finally came together though, right?


Yeah. But they were early competitor. No, I guess a kind of a mid midlife competitor to, to Muzak. But by the eighties, ESCO it established a name for itself by doing basically the opposite of what Muzak did. Rather than making, you know, covers of canned music without lyrics, they would just go get the licenses of the hot new song of the, of the moment and play those. And so rather than background music, which is what MU's whole jam was, these guys were pioneering foreground music, and they were just this small little outfit from Seattle that, you know, it was kind of like the little engine that could, and they changed the entire landscape, the audio landscape of the United States just by being persistent, by getting that, that, that word out that, hey, now foreground is the way to go.


Not background. That's old stuff. Yeah. And I think that's why today when you go into Publix to do your grocery shopping, you'll hear Christopher Cross singing sailing. Right. Instead of the music version of sailing. Yeah. Can't we just get both though? Sure. Do we have to choose? I mean, I'm, I'm a big Christopher Cross fan. You're not gonna find a bigger fan than me. For real. You you like him that much? He's great. I got good two, his two big albums I still have on my shelf. Oh yeah. Well he's sitting in the other room at my house right now. Well, I guess you're the bigger fan. Yeah. You're like, no, no, no. He's just tied up. Right. I was gonna say, I mean, he's not here on, on his will, under his own will.


Right. In fact, you could make a pretty strong case. He's here against his will. But, So in 1984 though, was when Yes. Co got officially involved with Musak. I think Muac was, did they actually file for bankruptcy or were they just at that sort of Mount precipice? Not yet. They were teetering right there on the edge. And it was actually, they were bought by the Fields company, the company that owns Marshall Fields. So Chicago makes another appearance and the Fields Company said, we like where this yes. Co group is going, we're gonna merge with them. So Musak actually merged with Yes. Co. The smaller company, but then ended up moving to Seattle right before the grunge movement hit.


So Seattle's big musical funny musical contribution before grunge was muac basically. I remember seeing the, I remember seeing that logo. I mean, you've probably seen the vans around before and really not known. It's that m with the circle around it. Right. I remember when I first saw that, I was like, wait a minute, is that the Musak? That's a, yeah. And that was a big update. They apparently went with some design group, I can't remember the name of it, that just completely reinvented the brand. Yeah. Because they went from being in the background to manipulating your mood using stimulus progression to this other thing, this new sound made up sounding thing called, what's it called?


Quantum Physics Mechanics. Suicide. No, keep, keep guessing. What else? Realm Leap. Nope, those Are all the quantums. I know. There's gotta be another one, Chuck, because I, I'm still looking, I'm so sorry. What the heck is that thing called? It's called, it's, It's Quantum Leap. We'll just call it Quantum Leap. Sure. Okay. So with this Quantum leap thing that they had going on, The Baula effect Quantum modulation, the Baula effect Quantum modulation. Okay. Oh, okay. Although I like Baula effect. That's a great one. With quantum modulation, it was, we are evoking an emotion that is now tied forever to this, the brand that you're shopping who store you're shopping in right now.


Yeah, Yeah. Sure. So like this, this one. So they hire people who make playlists, who curate these playlists that are start to finish. They all share this one theme. They all kind of have this one like, cool, not scary, super hip beachy, you know? Yeah. Bring break 2008 kind of thing. Whatever The best. So the, like a company will will say, this is, this is what our brand is all about, give us playlists that fit this. And so now you're, you're kind of like, you, you feel cool because of the music of where you're shopping. And so that makes you wanna shop and associate yourself with that place even more.


That's what Muac that's what the, what's called neo muac is, is all about. That's, that's the current state of affairs and the industry. Yeah. Like take, If you want to use Armani Exchange as an example, what they'll do is they will literally try and make like a DJ mix with that has beat matches and it doesn't break the momentums and it's all cross faded. Whereas if Ann Taylor calls them up, they don't want to cross fade. They want Celine Dion songs and then a little bit of a small break and then a sting song coming on and these gentle fades in and fades out. And you know, it's the same sort of stuff. It's just curated foreground music.


Right. What I love about music is in the end, when they were finally acquired, they had a 1.5 million commercially recorded songs in their catalog and they called that the Well. Right. That's amazing. Almost 800 Beatles songs. It is. I think that's why they never fully went under is that catalog kept them. Yeah. Commercially viable for sale. Super Valuable. It's gotta be. Yeah. So they were bought in, I think 2009 maybe by a group called Mood Music 2011 outta Austin, 2011. And then two years later they retired the Muzak name forever, just couldn't do anything with it. So now it's Mood Music is the company that, that owns the Well, but they're doing that whole for okay.


They're doing that whole foreground music, quantum modulation type thing where, You know, you just associate a brand with a certain kind of music. Like you wouldn't walk into that Armani exchange and hear, you know, Christopher Cross? Paul Simon, yeah. Christopher Cross. You'd be like, something's off here. The mood, mood, what is it? Mood media. Their, their job is to make sure that there's nothing off while you're in that store. That it all just kind of fits together and you feel good about where you're shopping. I don't know though, man, you want to, you wanna move some Armani gear put on, you can call me Al, just watch it fly off the shelves. Man, those kids would freak out their, their frosted tips would stand up on end.


They're like, what is this? This is amazing. I've never felt more alive. Why is Chevy Jason here? Oh man. A really cool thing though is what you were talking about with Muzak being on the tech forefront. Yeah. Yeah. It's really cool that over the years they were always early adopters of tech and it's funny to think about them that way, but they were always on the, on the leading edge in the forefront of what technology was doing. Yeah. So they, I don't know if they invented them, but they certainly were early adopters, if not pioneers in vinyl records. People were not using vinyl at the time. Then they eventually ditched the vinyl records in favor of an electronic brain called Mater M, the number eight and the letter R, which basically was a big deck of reel to reel tapes that had a bunch of different songs on it.


But they had different inaudible pulses that would trigger a different one to come on next so you could curate lists on these huge reel to reels. It was just amazing. Very cool. They were using this thing starting in the fifties, so the whole thing became kind of automated. They launched their own satellite in the seventies. They had a computer database in the seventies. Like they were very much pioneers in early adopters of a lot of different technology that we take for granted today. Yeah. I mean that you could make an argument that they were doing the Pandora Spotify thing decades before they were doing it. Absolutely. Yeah. And I mean, the whole point of it too is, is virtually unchanged. I mean, it's not necessarily to make you a docile shopper anymore, but it's to like, they're trying to make you feel like that brand is part of your identity by evoking memories in you using songs to unlock them.


Totally. Pretty interesting stuff, man. I'm gonna go, what were those two records again? I wanna write this down. Okay. One is more than music period and Environment. 1981 music record that has not just sailing on, it has Olivia Newton John's Magic. Mm. Has Take your time. Do it Right. Mm. Which I don't care if the lyrics are there or not. If you're sitting next to your mom in a doctor's office, and baby you can do it. Take your time. Do it right. Comes on. Sure. You both know what, what that song's about, you know? Yeah. Yeah. It may even be more uncomfortable in that situation. Yeah. And then it ends with Funky Town.


Nice. It's a good one. The other one's called the Blue Album. It's a complete stimulus progression album and it has a bunch of good songs on it, including Orleans Dance With Me, which is, If you ask me, the mu covers way better than the original. So not to be confused with Weezer's Blue album. No, no. It's a little different. Okay. And then if you're like, oh, this music's floating my boat, go start looking up Ronnie Aldrich, Frank Checks Field Monte, and just start there. Yeah. And if eventually you're like, I'm feeling really goosey, how about some actual vocalists going on? And then you'll just go right into Josh's other favorite, which is Yacht rock.


Easy listening. I like Yacht Rock a lot too. I'm super right now into West Coast Cool jazz. Stan Gaetz. Chet Baker. Mm. Yeah. Oh, I can't remember, I can't remember his name, but I just got into him. He is a great jazz pianist from that era. Bill Evans, the Bill Evans trio. Oh, Love Bill Evans. You're just getting into Bill Evans. Yeah, I just, just started getting into, I, I started with Chet Baker and just started working my way out. Vince Aldi is another great one. I know he is known for the Charlie Brown stuff, but all of Vince Aldi is great. Yeah, he is. You can tell just by the Charlie Brown album that he's an amazing jazz Guy. Good stuff. So, oh Chuck, I have one more thing.


There's an, you know, people hate music a lot. So there's some artists who have like tried to, a lot of artists have tried to make hay out of the whole thing. But one guy, David Schafer had something from back in 2000 or 2002 something. He had X 10 R one and X 10 R two. These two CDs that he released that were basically his weird unnerving remixes of Muzak that just turns the whole thing on its head. So much so that like you may laugh out loud when you first hear them, and I believe they're on his website, but it's like a, it's like Muzak, but what you would hear in your nightmares.


Okay. It's really good. And I believe he's got it on his website to go listen to. And I think you can buy the CDs too. So check that out. I'll check it Out. Okay, well If you wanna know more about Muzak, just start listening and loving. Just, just don't prejudge. How about that? Great. And since I said don't prejudge everybody, that means it's time for listener mail. I'm gonna call this from Lauren. Hey guys. A man walks down the street and says, why am I soft in the middle? The rest of my life is so hard. Oh wait a minute. Sorry. What a perfect email for this one. I was reading my forearm tattoo by accident. Hey guys, been listening to Stuff You Should Know for a few years.


Often turn up the volume and play an episode while I cook dinner. My 7-year-old daughter Lila used to complain, you're listening to this again, but I recently called her singing the Beat to the intro music. Nice. And she'll casually mention things she's heard from time to time. I suspect she's fond of the animal episodes. Anyway, you'll jokingly sometimes say, Jerry, well you have to edit that. You're gonna have to edit that part out. And it has me curious how often things are cut from an episode and why bad jokes too long. Have you ever had to completely redo one? I think it'd be really interesting to know, and I bet Lila would find it encouraging since she likes to make videos of herself singing and dancing. For the record, y'all make it effortless and seem effortless and it's always a joy to listen to.


That is Lauren from Montevallo, Alabama and she says ps I Bet that's not how you say that. Montevallo. Yeah, you're probably right. You put a little too much mustard down there. She says, PS how cool of a mom would I be if my daughter heard our names on the podcast? Yeah. Cool Mom. So there you go, Lauren and Lila. The answer is very little gets edited out. Just the singing and dancing, Like that siren in the background. We'll probably just leave that in to prove a point That in No, we don't edit a lot out occasionally, like we found out when we said this before, early on we left in the word stumbles and the ums and the uhs and just 'cause it's a conversation. And we didn't wanna make it seem too scripted because it's not, or canned 'cause it's not.


And so we just left that stuff in there and the only time like, like I think today you had to look something up real quick, but that doesn't happen much. Yeah. I had to poke my head out of the studio and look at my record collection, come up with Bill Evans name. So I mean that's gone now. But very little is edited out. It's especially after this many years, it's, we're not one take wonders, but it's, Jerry doesn't have the hardest job in the world. You know, She, we've taken it easy on her for years. Yeah. Yeah. That, that's about it, Chuck. I can't think of anything else we really added out. But that's not to say that shows that are heavily edited and various kind of scripty and slick, like there's room for those two.


Oh yeah. We're, we're not the only way to do it. No. We're like the MUAC of podcasts. There's other people who are all like the Ted NuGen of podcasts and there's room for both. Yeah. Like Roman Mars, the Ted Nugent of podcasting. That's right. Man, that guy's always wearing like a studded leather wristband and stuff. I keep waiting on Roman to text me and being like, you guys are consistently talking smack about me. He doesn't. He doesn't listen and no one he knows. Listen, so listen. Oh, that's impossible. So who is that? Lila and Lauren. Correct. Nice. Well, thank you very much for writing in. Hope we answered your question. And If you want to get in touch with us, like Lila and Lauren did, you can send us an email, send it off to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com.


Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


For adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity, refreshing sleep may be hard to come by and who likes to lag and drag through the day? OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing, interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking, or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at Don't Sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lilly, S-A-L-L-C.


Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know, so you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime. But when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed Profile. No rabbit holes. Required


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.