
Brought to you by the Capital One Venture X Card. Earn unlimited two x miles on everything you buy and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus, receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel. Unlock a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X Card. What's in your wallet terms? Apply Lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.


Hey, friends, Toyota has been building for generations from pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a legendary lineup of in stock cars, including the high performance 25 Camry and capable, affordable Corolla, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hi friends. It's me, Josh. And for this week's select, I've chosen our September, 2020 episode on the Escape from Alcatraz. Is our episode even better than the movie? Could be. It's a little more accurate at least. And even without Clin Eastwood, it's pretty thrilling. Nonetheless, I hope you enjoy the absolute living heck out of it. Welcome to Stuff, You Should Know A production of iHeartRadio Hey. and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh, there's Chuck Jerry's out there in the ether, somewhere like that one kid being transmitted from the camera to the TV in Willy Wonka.


Wow, I got that one. Eight kinds of wrong. Yeah. But anyway, this is Stuff You Should Know, which is appropriate that I would get something eight kinds of wrong right at the beginning. Did you Ever hear the story from Gene Wilder about the move at the beginning of that movie where he walks out with a cane And then where he did the spill? Yeah, the somersault. Yeah. He, he sticks the cane in the ground and does the somersault. No, he said that that was his idea. And this just shows the brilliance of Gene Wilder. And he said he did that. 'cause he knew from that moment on, no one would believe anything that that character said. Oh yes. I, I have heard that before. Great story. That is, that is brilliant. That man was a brilliant man and a wonderful human being.


I Loved him. He's got one of his last interviews on Conan O'Brien was so great 'cause Conan was just gushing and Oh, I'm sure Gene Wilder was very, I think kind of taken back by how much he means to people. Very nice. Have you ever seen, oh, no, that wasn't the question I had. Did you know, did you know that your question Was, did you Fart? Did you know that Conan O'Brien and Dennis Leary are cousins? I don't think I knew that. According to Conan O'Brien asking a question on Jeopardy, that is his cousin. Hmm. Did not know that. Speaking of Jeopardy, we have a colleague named Ken Jennings who is on Jeopardy.


Yeah. And we have another colleague, two colleagues called Daniel and Jorge, and they have a, a podcast called Daniel and Jorge Explain the Universe. It's pretty cool. But they also, Chuck, I just saw have a PBS Kids animated program coming out September 7th called Eleanor Wonders. Y Oh cool. And. it looks adorable. Wow. That sounds like right at my daughter's alley. Yeah. So check it out everybody. PBS kids, September 7th. Eleanor Wonders White and congrats Daniel and Jorge, Do you have any famous cousins? Famous or infamous? I think we are the famous cousins. That's, that's how sad our families are. Yeah. It feels pretty great though.


I keep being like, Hey, let's have another family reunion this month. Speaking of infamous cousins, Chuck, how about those Anglin brothers? Huh? Yeah, man, this is, I could have thought, I kind of thought we did this. I know we did. We do one on Alcatraz and maybe it just briefly touched on it. Absolutely. Because this is, this movie, the 19, what was it, 79 Escape from Alcatraz movie with Clin Eastwood was one of my favorite movies as a kid. It's a good movie. I went, I watched it just the other night as part of this. Yeah, it was an HBO special So I must have been.


I didn't see it in when I was eight. I probably was like 10 or 11 And. it was one of those movies I probably watched over a dozen times when I was 12, 12 years old, Followed by Kroll and Outland. Oh man, those are great. Yeah, they always went together though, didn't they? Yeah. And war games, I mean, those were all HBO specials. But this was a really good movie. And I, I'm a big, big fan of prison escape movies. Sure. And I was thinking today when I was looking over this stuff again that it's so weird that like these guys were hardened criminals. And yet when you're researching this, all you can think about is, oh man, I hope they got out of there.


Right. And I hope they lived the fat life in Brazil. Well, that really speaks to like who they are, what they became because of this escape, which is put most simply, they're folk heroes. I guess so. Yeah. That's definitely a part of being a folk hero, is that you can transcend the kind of like crime judgements that society typically levies against people. Like criminals like If, you If you are so good at your craft or so good at something to do with criminality that, that you transcend being judged for your crimes. That's, you've become a folk hero for sure. It's like DB Cooper. Yeah. And I think it helps that, you know, these guys were armed robbers and thieves and I think Frank Morris, and we'll get into all these who these dudes are, but he was a drug trafficker, but they, they weren't rapists and murderers.


I, I don't think it could transcend that. No. They, they were definitely nonviolent criminals from everything that I've seen. Yeah. They used to toy gun in one of these robberies. Yeah. It's adorable. Well, let's talk about these guys. Like You were saying, we're talking about a group of people who escaped from Alcatraz and as far as anyone knows, they are the only ones who really may have escaped from Alcatraz. They vanished in 1962, last seen leaving their cells and were never heard from again. And like you said, they were all hardened criminals, like lifelong career criminals. Frank Morris was 35 when he left Alcatraz, and he'd been a criminal since he was 13.


He was in and out of institutions. And like you said, he wasn't a violent criminal, he wasn't a rapist or a murderer or anything like that. He was, he was, he liked to, to to sell the drugs. He had like his, his forehead tattooed or a star to tattooed on his forehead for a while, which he very sensibly had removed later on. Is that what that means? What? That he was a drug trafficker? Yeah. A No, I think that means that he did a few too many drugs one night. Oh, He really did have a star. Yeah. I thought that was some like prison thing for like the teardrop tattoo means you, doesn't that mean you killed somebody or something? That's what I've always heard. But I don't know, it could just be urban legend.


But yeah, that's what I've always heard. No, think This. Okay. He really did have a star. Okay. Yeah. I think he got super wasted one night. Gotcha. He got a star tattooed on his forehead. There was a tattoo artist far too handy that night. Yeah, yeah. Which I think the old saying, don't ever make friends with tattoo artists. Yeah. Or at least drinking buddies. Sure, that's true. But he was also super smart too. Yeah. And they point this out in the movie and a lot of the movie, I mean, it's pretty close to the real story. They did a really good job. But they do make a big deal in the movie about how smart he was. I know IQ is sort of take it or leave it as far as that being a real measurement of one's intelligence.


But he supposedly had an IQ of one 30 and the, the BOP, which stands for the, was it Bureau of Prisons? I, I didn't know they had rankings, but they had rankings of intellectual intellectuality. Is that a word? Yeah, I think so. And, it gets the point across ergo it's, yeah. And I'm curious what other rankings they have, but, you know, Best Looking best abs. But he was in the top 2% supposedly in the American prison system as far as his intellectual capabilities. Yeah. So you, you hit on a point there. I think we need to at least, at least bring up like the, the, the, the movie did follow the, the actual, the truth of the matter fairly closely.


In some cases. In other cases it veered wildly away. Like there was a character based on one guy who was very much involved, but they didn't even use his name and they made him seem less involved than he actually was. There's a lot that the movie gets wrong. But the problem with covering this is that there's so many gaps and holes that are so easily and casually filled in that you can't help but wonder like, wait, was this, was this detail provided by somebody who saw the movie and took the movie as fact? Like where are we Exactly. And just how pure the knowledge and understanding is of this escape. So you have to just kind of bear that in mind that it's a, it's kind of a blur in the annals of crime as far as Factuality goes.


Yeah. But it's a good story. Great story. And most of this is pretty true. I think. So Frank Morris was four years into a 14 year stint and this was for a bank robbery and he was transferred to the Rock in 1960. The Rock is, I didn't know we were using lingo in this episode. It's Alcatraz, it's a prison island or an island prison. Yeah. And So I might say the island itself is a prison, which we'll get to. And then his buddies, you mentioned the England brothers jw, John William and his younger brother Clarence were 30 and 29 years old. And they were from a very big family of migrant farm workers in South Georgia.


They traveled all over the country where wherever the work was basically as a big family and they got into stealing things from people. Yeah. And they were the ones who used the toy gun later on. They, they were I think visiting family in a small town called Columbia, Alabama, which is in the southeast of the state. And they found out that this bank had been around for a hundred years in this town. It had never been robbed. So they assumed we're Gonna change that It'll be easy to knock over. And apparently it was pretty easy to knock over. And they had a, a toy gun that they used and they still managed to get away with at least I think like 10 grand or 20 grand. Something, a pretty substantial amount of money. And they were on the run for a little while, but, but got caught and the alabamans were not very happy with it.


And they threw the book at these brothers. They got 25 year sentences for robbing a bank with a toy gun. and that actually was way better than the sentence they initially faced, which was the potentially the death penalty. That's crazy. Yeah. So, so they were, they were, they were caught and busted and they had a third brother named Alfred too, who was also involved, but he was never sent to that, to the rock as you put it. I bet it was not. I bet it was factually a lot easier to rob banks back then. Yeah. It was way easier to be a criminal even just a few decades ago. Yeah. Just in general. I think Now it's like, don't even try. Yeah. You got, I mean if it's not the cops and their cameras, you got some dumb neighbor with their cameras like me.


Right. Oh man. I hate to get off topic so quickly, but, and we should post this on the Facebook page or something. Or maybe I'll put it on Instagram. What I got attacked by a squirrel And. it was captured by my front of the house camera. Oh yeah. Everyone wants to see that. This is great. I just, I was taking out some recycling and I heard some rustling and I went around the corner and I was like, this squirrel was freaking out. And then he literally leapt, If, you freeze frame it, he lept three feet in the air. Wow. And, and hit my leg and ran up my leg a little bit and then Wow. And I react thusly. That's awesome. You know, it would be wonderful is to intercut closeups of your face when you got that charlie horse on internet roundup. Oh my god.


In with the squirrel attack. It'd be amazing. It's a good thing. I don't care about myself and looking dumb. Why did you, why did that squirrel attack you? What'd you do to It? I didn't do anything. It was freaking out. And then I turned and looked after I dropped the recycling off and he and another squirrel were going at it in our oak tree. So I think he, he was just, he was all riled up. He might have been on that. He was taking it out on You. Yeah. Did he have a star tattooed on his forehead? He Did right on his little, little tiny furry forehead. Wow. Yes, please do post that. Okay, So, alright. These guys are all in Alcatraz and Alcatraz at the time was, like I said, it was sort of the rock itself was the prison. and that was the idea was that even if you're even If you manage to get out of the prison that they eventually built, which we'll talk about, then you still can't get outta there 'cause you gotta swim over a mile to the nearest body of land, about 1.3 miles.


That water's really cold. The currents are brutal. Yeah. The winds are really strong. San Francisco Bay is not, you know, for people that haven't been there, it's not just like some lovely little chill body of water that you hang out in. No, it's not a very hospitable body of water at all. It's not. So there, the, the idea was that yeah, like when you got sent to Alcatraz, you weren't getting off of that island and You were either paroled or died. and that was actually the reason that the Englands and Frank Morris were sent there was because they had all met at the federal pen in Atlanta. I guess the one down in Grant Park, right? Yeah. Which, that building is amazing.


It's one of the most forbidding buildings in the world. Yeah. I would say it looks like an old timey federal penitentiary. And Al Capone was there too for a little while. Yeah. I actually drove by there not too long ago with my daughter for the first time. And I was like, check out that building. Look at that. It's like, that's a prison. She went, what's a prison? And I went, oh well I, guess I gotta explain that now. I'll tell you, when you're 18 If you make it and don't go to prison first. Right. So they, they all met at the federal pen in Atlanta. I can't remember if they actually made it out outer if they were caught escaping, but they were known escape artists like the, the Frank Morris had escaped from places in Florida. They, they didn't stay put when you, when you put them in prison.


And so that's why they were all sent to Alcatraz and just crazily as they arrived between 1960 and 1961, they were all put pretty close together. And in fact the Englin brothers had adjoining cells, which is a very stupid thing to do. But that's what they did in part, I believe because there is a certain thread of arrogance that ran through the administration of Alcatraz that it was just basically inescapable. Yeah. And I think you also sort of want happy prisoners. And I've heard of requests like that being made possible before. Like, Hey If, you put me near my brother, we're gonna be a lot better behaved.


Yeah. We're definitely not going to, to break out. I don't think we mentioned either, like, Alcatraz was so formidable as a, just a, an island that the very first time they used it was when the Army put soldiers there who, who cheered on President Lincoln's death. And so they didn't even bother building a prison though. They just built some barracks. Threw him on the island. And. it was like, well you're in prison now 'cause good luck getting outta here. Yeah, that's what I saw too. And when the, the Bureau of Prisons took over, they, they really fortified it even more. Like you said, there was a larger building that housed everything from like the mess hall to the cell blocks. So when You were in a cell in a cell block, You were in You, were in a little tiny prison inside a larger prison inside this island prison.


And the, the cell blocks themselves had like three inch thick concrete walls reinforced iron bars. The building itself was made a very thick concrete. It was, it was just meant to, to, to basically tell you there's, there's no getting out here. But what's what's crazy is Frank Morrison, the England brothers, they weren't the first people to ever try to bust out. I believe they were part of a total of 36 people who tried to escape in the history of the, the prison. Everybody else, almost everybody else was either killed, captured, or their bodies were found except, and I, I did not realize this.


Morris and the England brothers were not the first people to vanish without a trace from Alcatraz. Had you heard about Ted Cole and Ralph Rowe? I hadn't heard about them until this, but in the thirties, late thirties, they did escape and they did vanish and you know, sort of like where this story's going there, I don't think anyone wants to admit that from the prison system that they could have really made it. Right. So they're like, nah, they they died, they drowned. But the thing is, the thing that really differentiates the England brothers and Frank Morris from guys like Ted Cole and Ralph Rowe, they all shared in common that they escaped from Alcatraz and vanished without a trace. The thing that differentiates Morris and the Englands is that they're folk heroes because almost exclusively because of this plan they devised and executed and that the plan was so good and so complex and well done that it, it actually lends credence to the idea that they may have survived and escaped from Alcatraz.


Genuinely. Yeah. And what they had in common is that they were all top 10 in best abs in the prison system. Yep. And what everybody listening right now has in common is that you're about to hear an ad


Toyota's been building for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. That's right. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of reliable cars in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy firsthand. Yep. So check out the unparalleled performance of the new 25 Camry with style, efficiency and available tech to get you anywhere Or test drive a capable and affordable Corolla equipped with everything you need to stay cool and connected and get this. Both Camry and Corolla are available with all-wheel drive. Giving you the control to go beyond Quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota let's go places.


This is an ad from BetterHelp. Unfortunately, humans don't come with an owner's manual. There are no simple instructions for what to do when you're feeling down or having relationship problems or family conflict. That's when therapy can help. And BetterHelp is a convenient way to get started. It's 100% online, flexible and surprisingly affordable. Connect with a licensed therapist by phone, video, or online chat at a time that works for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com to learn more. That's better. HEL p.com.


Need new glasses or wanna fresh new style? Warby Parker has you covered glasses. Start at just 95 bucks, including anti-reflective scratch resistant prescription lenses that block 100% of UV rays. Every frame's designed in-house with a huge selection of styles for every face shape. And with Warby Parker's free home tryon program, you can order five pairs to try at home for free. Shipping is free both ways too. Go to warby parker.com/cupboard to try five pairs of frames at home for free. Warby parker.com/cupboard.


Hey it's Lance Bass from Frosted Tips thanks to Hyundai. I recently took a road trip to Vegas for this year's iHeartRadio Music Festival. I was joined by my friend and fellow boy Bander AJ McLean and we got to explore some pretty cool spots along the way. And we even recorded a special episode for you guys. Here's a sneak peek. What are your must have Road trip Snacks? The original spree size. Ooh, sweet tarts. But the original Sweet Tarts, not the little chewy ones. Those are not sweet tarts. Oh, I like the chewy ones. And then that's A must-have. That's a must have for me. Road trip Reese's Peanut butter cups. Yeah. Yeah. And Bugles. Oh bugles. You put 'em on your Finger like a bitch. I love bugles. I just introduced my kids to Bugles and they're like, this is the coolest thing ever. It It is changed obviously 'cause I'm diabetic so like I can't have the things I really want, but if I weren't diabetic, here are my go-tos. Reese's Peanut butter cups got, they have to be the holiday versions. They have to be either Easter egg or Christmas tree with lots of peanut butter. They do a pumpkin now. Pumpkin. They got a pumpkin. They Got a pumpkin. Now I'm a peanut butter guy. This episode is presented by Hyundai.


Okay, we're back everybody. And I think it's high time we, we talk about the plan, the escape plan, don't you? Yeah. If you're gonna escape from Alcatraz, it's not the kind of thing where you distract a guard and just run and jump over a fence. You gotta start this thing, this plan many months in advance. And by all accounts they, and by all accounts meaning from the one account that we really have of this, they started planning easily six months before the escape. They start developing this plan. They start collecting kind of anything they can get their hands on that they think they can use e, everything from just loose nuts and bolts and screws to things that, I mean they actually ended up using a lot of this stuff, but I got the impression that they were just kind of like anytime they saw something that they could squirrel away and hide, they would do it because you never know what you could use it for.


Yeah. And so like over the six month period they amassed something like 80 tools that they either stole, had stolen for them, rebuild or repurposed out of other stuff, or just made completely out of like their own labor. Like they had a pretty extensive tool that they created. One of the ways that they got a lot of the, the tools was from Alan West who we haven't mentioned yet, but a lot of people don't realize there was a fourth conspirator in the Alcatraz escape who was a major integral part of it, but who actually didn't go along with the escape as we'll.


See. Oh Man, that part in the movie is so tough. It is. Especially with that poor guy. He, he just looks, yeah, that Character Came outta the womb. Like, I'm down on my luck. Can, can you spare a dime brother? What's his name? He's so good. He's been in so many things. Don't remember. But he was, I think he was the guy who played Kramer on Seinfeld in the, In the pilot in the NBC pilot. Yeah. So like in the show, the guy playing Kramer. That's right, that's right on the show. In the show. I think that was Him. Yeah, he stole the m and ms I think. Yeah. Yeah. So he was an escape from Alcatraz too. Yeah, he just, he's, he's perfect for that part. But this guy named Alan West, he, he was on the painting crew and he put that to use big time.


One of the first ways he did it was he was in the prison barbershop and managed to steal a pair of electric clippers while he was in their painting. And they were like, Hey, this motor will come in handy. Well let's repurpose it into a power drill. And they did. Yeah. That's pretty cool. He also, I mean just having a little motor is so handy. So he came across a vacuum cleaner that wasn't working and he said, Hey you mind if I repair this? I gotta shake the tree first, but after that you mind if I repair this. Isn't that what they call it A vacuuming? No. And you gotta pee on the, on the chain gang. Don't you call it shaking the tree? Oh, I guess. I think that's what it's called. Sure.


But I mean what does that have to do with fixing a vacuum? Nothing. It's just prison humor. Oh, I gotcha. There's gonna be a lot of prison jokes. So All the inmates li listening right now is busted out laughing like he just said, shake the tree. Well it's a drinking game. Well how well explain if you're Listening from prison, if someone says shake the tree, you take a drink Of Bruno, Well that's another drink. Yeah, that's the, but that's what you would drink when somebody said shake the tree. It gets very say shake the tree one more time. Right. Shake the tree guys. I think everybody's got a pretty good buzz in prison right now. So he says, let me fix this vacuum cleaner. They say that's fine. He saw that the vacuum cleaner had a couple of different motors and one of which he used to repair and actually make, you know, pass it off as a working vacuum cleaner.


And then he just took that other one and that meant that they could make a drill that was even more powerful than the other one. Yeah. So they had not one but two electric drills at their disposal, which kinda gives you a pretty good idea of just how dedicated and smart and crafty these guys were. Right? Yes. They also very famously ended up with 55 0 different raincoats that were made from rubber prison issue raincoats that they got from other inmates. And this really reveals something that I think a lot of people don't necessarily realize. It seems like basically all the inmates in prison with Lin and the Lins and Morris were well aware of their plans.


Not necessarily every detail or even any of the details, just that they were planning on breaking out. And so they managed to get their hands on like 50 different raincoats from other prisoners that they used to to build a life raft and life vests with Pretty great. I think the idea was is that these guys didn't like being on Alcatraz, so they kind of figured, hey, if these guys actually get out, they're gonna close this place down. We're gonna get outta here. Right. Not, you know, I don't, I don't know if I would've gone along with that rationale, I would've thought it's gonna be even worse for us here. Oh yeah. But We'll, we'll hang on to what happened till the end of the show. How about that? I think everybody would've kept their Bruno from you had you raised that point.


You know, So they've got all this stuff, they got paint, they got paper, they, they collect hair and from the, from the barbershop, they like sweep up this hair and keep that. You might be thinking why in the world would they need that? You'll just wait, you'll See. And then they had about three and a half hours each evening after dinner slop and before lights out where they had to work and create, you know, a way out of their prison cell. And then once they get out of their prison cell, like you said, they're still in this larger building then a way out of there. But the first trick is getting out of their individual cells. Yeah. So from what I understand that took up like the lion's share of the time between when they first hatched this plan and the time when they finally escaped.


They, they were like these little six by eight or nine or something, very small ventilation shafts cemented into the wall. These, the grates were cemented into the wall, but really it was just a little metal grate over a hole. So they figured it, they, they could start chipping away at that hole and enlarge the hole into something they could crawl through. And that's exactly what they did. Eventually over time, Frank Morris and then both of the Englin brothers managed to create these holes and they did so by, by serving as lookout for one another while the other one chipped one night and then they would trade off that kind of thing. And then here's a question that I have. I could not confirm one way or the other if it was a movie thing or if it was a real life thing.


But in the movie they create these kind of cardboard false walls. Yeah. That they're able to fill the hole with that. It looks like the grate is still there and the wall is still intact. So when they were out of their cells, they could put this false wall in behind them and nobody would be any of the wiser when they just walked past and casually glanced in there. I don't know if they did that or not. I mean, it's a pretty great detail of the movie, so I'm inclined to believe it. Let's go with it. What I Didn't see in, or I don't, I haven't seen it in a long time. Did they have those drills in the movie? 'cause I just remember a lot of digging with the, they kind of just like used a sharpened spoon as a, a little mini pick.


A sharpened spoon with a, the warden's fingernail clippers that he steals in like one of the first scenes. But there was No drill in the movie was there? No, not that I remember. No. Okay. I didn't think so. But there definitely were two drills. One of the, one of the drills that one with the vacuum motor, they actually figured out it's just too loud. It's too powerful. Yeah. And too loud that, so they, they abandoned that one. But I don't know what became of the, the hair clipper drill. I didn't hear anything about that one. Other than that they created it and used it. Well they managed to dig through though, where they could get their bodies out of the cell. and that just must have felt like, you know, we're, we're halfway there at this point guys.


Oh yeah, I'll bet. So they, from there it led to a utility corridor. It was about a meter wide and there were no guards in here. 'cause this is sort of like the guts of the prison. Yeah. Like why would you need to guard where there are no people, wink wink. And in that corridor they could kind of move around freely. They would climb up to the ceiling. This is like a three story cell block still within a larger building though of course, like we mentioned. And then they had a full on workshop up there for a few weeks. They could store their tools, they could hide their stuff. They could build, we haven't really talked about the rafts, but where they would much, they would build their rafts there And. it just sort of, sort of serves as their staging area where they would eventually leave from to go buy this big heavy iron grate to a ventilation shaft, which actually finally led to the rooftop.


Right. But that big iron grate was a big iron problem. Yes. 'cause the bars were reinforced. There was, they were I think welded or maybe screwed, I'm not sure, into this iron ring that covered this ventilation shaft. So it was a big problem. And then they figured out that the bolts holding this whole thing together were actually not nearly as strong as the bars that made up the grate and the ring that held the bars. So they started working away at, at cutting these bolts one way or another. I think they created a wrench. They built themselves a wrench and they managed to use that to some pretty good effect. But it, it went from digging outta their cells to figuring out a way to, to get through this.


Great. That was kind of like stage two. And then let's talk about the raft because the raft is a extremely important part of this whole thing. And I think really one of the things, if not the thing that that lends credence to the idea that they might have actually made it. Yeah. So they got these raincoats and back then raincoats were just basically sheets of rubber. Yeah. They didn't breathe very well. No, They were very hot. Think like you Get Sweaty Gordon's fisherman type of stuff. A sweaty Gordon's fisherman. Oh yeah. That guy was always sweaty. So they ended up creating a six foot by 14 foot life raft from these raincoats from an article in Popular Mechanics, which shows up a couple of times.


Very useful magazine if You were trying to escape prison And. it was an article about a hunter who had gotten lost and survived hunting geese that he attracted using rubber decoys that he'd made. So they get this idea, they build these inflatable pontoons made from these raincoat sleeves. So they were stuffed inside and made airtight by gluing rubber cement contact cement over the seams and then pressing 'em against steel pipes, which vulcanized it. It just basically melted everything shut. And then you have these floatable pontoons that you could use and craft this larger raft. Yeah. So they had something that was inflatable that like, because those seams were vulcanized, it would hold the air, the air couldn't escape.


And they used a concertina, oh I can't remember handsome Pete. There's like a little, a little guy who plays the accordion down on the docks that looks just like crusty the clown in one of the Simpsons episodes. And he's playing a concertina, it's like a squeeze box. It's like an accordion without the keys and the buttons. Yeah. But it acts as a bellows 'cause it moves air essentially. That's what they used it for. They modified it so that they could use it to inflate their wrath very quickly with this concertina, that I guess they stole from the prison music room, which is pretty great. So they're working on all this stuff. And the raft in particular, this, this is like the, the linchpin of this whole plan is this raft in these life preservers that work fell to Alan West.


So while these dudes were chip were were like chipping away at the, the ventilation holes. Alan West was standing lookout for most of them. And he was creating this raft in these life vests. And so he wasn't able to chip away at his own ventilation hole nearly as fast. So while they were out, you know, working on the, the grate, the vent cover grate, he still had no way out of his cell at that point. He hadn't made it all the way through. Yeah. And you know, we should point out something that earlier we mentioned if, if they happen to walk by and they don't notice a hole in the wall because they may or may not have made these false grates and walls, if you're a listener and you don't know the story, you might have said like, yeah, but wouldn't they have noticed there was no one in the cell?


Good question. What they did was they made paper mache recreations of themselves. They made these busts. They use that prison hair, which is so gross, It's so Grody and use that rubber cement again to glue this hair on. And If you see the real things. It's not Madame Tau or anything. It's not like, boy, look at that likeness. Photorealistic. But It's in the dark. And you're sort of, I think as a human trained to, to see what you're looking for. So if you're a guard that's just walking by, you see a head turn the other way with, with prison hair on it and some pillows under a blanket and you, and you don't think it looks fake.


It just looks like, it wasn't like Ferris Bueller style with like a fake snore on the Hi-Fi system or anything. Right. But you just kind of walked past it. It worked well enough. Like they did this for weeks and weeks and weeks with these paper mache busts. And. it worked. They never got noticed. No they didn't because I mean remember like the, the, they were working between the end of dinner and lights out. So they just seemed to have made it look like they went to bed early and put the paper mache busts in there. It's like those guys Sure are sleepy. Yeah. They sleep too much. Bruno for you Frank Got a lot, I got a lot of questions about this, but I'm not gonna investigate any further. Exactly. So do you wanna talk about the escape and then go to ad break?


Yeah, I think that's the way to, to do it. Okay. So finally they get to this point where the grate is, the bars are removed from this grate enough that they can slip through and they realize that they have, they have successfully penetrated Hmm. That to the exterior of the building. That's right. Okay. They're on the Roof. Well, they know they can get on the roof now. They know that it is go night. I Bet I bet you they got up there at least once to be like, all right, I don't know, I haven't heard anything like that. And there's a lot of questions about why this particular night was this the very first night that they were able to get out and they're like, let's go. Which seems likely to me.


Or were they waiting for a particular night? Or like you said, had they tested it before? Did they do any dry runs? We don't really know that. But what we, we do know is that on Monday, June 11th, 1962, JW angling, Clarence Anglin and Frank Morris all left their cells. And the first thing Frank Morris did was go to help Alan West finish puncturing the hole through his cell wall. Poor Alan. He still had not done this yet. He's like, come on, we gotta go. But apparently part of the the plan was to help him punch the hole out the rest of the way and then he would escape with them. Frank Morris apparently tried in vain and went off to get Clarence Englin to, to come try and they traded off and then Clarence tried, he couldn't do it either.


So I guess he had the very uncomfortable Yeah. Conversation. I'll be right back. I gotta go, I gotta go shake the tree Right. Or something like that. I'll be right back. You stay here. Yeah. and that was the last anybody ever saw of Frank Morris, Clarence Englin or JW Englin from, from that moment until today. Yeah. So they, they get to that corridor, they climb up to the roof of the cell block and then through that ventilation shaft, that grate is no longer a problem and they push away Alan West, they can just barely hear him sing like you guys are coming back. Right. Any minute now you said, So they, there's this rain cover on top, they push that thing off and this, this all makes some noise.


And, and in the movie they, they kind of accurately displayed that too as some clanking and clanging around. Yeah. And I don't think in the movie they did this, but in real life supposedly there was so much noise that they did like a little 45 minute kind of a, a search of the area. Right. Didn't see A good search, anything going on. No, they didn't go up on the roof, that's for sure. Yeah. And they basically didn't find anything. So the guys are out, they shimmy about 50 feet to the ground via drain pipe, which is how you always do it. Go to that perimeter fence. And I'm sure the perimeter fence was fine, but I think the idea was that they're never getting out anyway.


Right. So I don't think it had like 15 feet of razor wire or anything like that. I think it did have double barbed wire at least for Sure. Yeah. But that's nothing for a, That's not like concertina wire or anything? No, nothing like that. Around one in the morning Alan West, poor Alan West, he finally gets that cell great. Broken open. Yeah. I I I'm sure he just thinks, all right, I'm gonna catch up to these guys and it's gonna be all good. All right. And I'm getting outta here. Followed that same route. It's been a couple of hours at this point though. He saw that these were genuinely good dudes. It seemed like, 'cause they did leave him a paddle. I don't think we mentioned they made paddles out of chair legs and the, the screws and nuts and bolts.


Yeah. And a pontoon that was all inflated for him. And he got a And a little snack, a little rice Krispy treat. Rice Krispy treat. It's a little Bruno, a little shot of Bruno for his, for his courage. Right. And then he looks over terrible timing and there's a guard in a new position that basically could see anything that he tries to do. Yeah. From that point forward, He's visually pinned down on the roof. He can't do anything. So this is around 1:00 AM or something. And he figures okay the guard will eventually move. Well Alan West says the guard never moved for until dawn. Basically It's like, doesn't this guy pee Right? Doesn't he ever shake the tree? Right. And he didn't, he did not shake the tree.


He stayed put. And so eventually Alan West was forced to climb back down the ventilation shaft back down from the roof of the cell block, satisfy ever three stories back to his cell that he had just a few hours earlier. Finally after months punched a hole through and he went and laid down and just waited for the, the heat to come down on him. And indeed it did because at the 7:00 AM bed check, three dummy heads were discovered where three inmates real heads should have been. And the prison just went berserk. You know that feeling you get when you take a wrong turn and go like three or four miles in the wrong direction and have to go all the way back the other way. Yeah.


Imagine being Alan West and having to do that. That time's infinity. That time's infinity. Yeah. You wanna take another break? I think so, man. All right. We'll get to the bo Well we won't get to the bottom of this, but we'll speculate all over the place right after this.


Toyota's been building for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. That's right. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of reliable cars in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy firsthand. Yep. So check out the unparalleled performance of the new 25 Camry with style, efficiency and available tech to get you anywhere Or test drive a capable and affordable Corolla equipped with everything you need to stay cool and connected and get this. Both Camry and Corolla are available with all wheel drive. Giving you the control to go beyond Quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Grammarly is a trusted writing partner that saves your company from miscommunication and all the wasted time and money that goes with it. That's true. Four out of five professionals say Grammarly helps them gain, buy-in and action through their communication. Yeah. And when every word your team writes is clear, concise, and on brandand, everything gets better. Like 25% faster time to resolution for support tickets. 52% less time spent writing sales emails and saving 19 days. 19 days per year per employee. That's Right. Grammarly works where you work as well. From docs to messages to emails, it integrates seamlessly across 500,000 apps and websites. No cutting, no pasting, and no context switching. So equip your team with a gold standard of responsible ai, 15 years of experience just about every IT certification. And they never sell your data. So join 70,000 teams and 30 million people who trust Grammarly to get results on the first try. Go to grammarly.com/enterprise to learn more Grammarly Enterprise Ready ai.


This podcast is supported by BetterHelp offering licensed therapists. You can connect with via phone, video, or chat. Here's BetterHelp, head of clinical operations, ssu Jo discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off and you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody. There's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit BetterHelp HEL p.com/stuff for 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp dot com slash stuff.


Hey, it's Lance Bass from Frosted Tips thanks to Hyundai. I recently took a road trip to Vegas for this year's iHeartRadio Music Festival. I was joined by my friend and fellow boy Bander AJ McLean. And we got to explore some pretty cool spots along the way. And we even recorded a special episode for you guys. Here's a sneak peek. What are your must have road trip snacks? The original spree size. Ooh, sweet Tarts. But the original Sweet Tars, not the little chewy ones. Those are not sweet tarts. Oh, I like the chewy ones. And then that's a must have trap. That's must have for me, me trap Reese's Peanut butter cups. Yeah. Yeah. And Bugles. Oh bugles.


You put 'em On your finger like a bitch. I love Bugles. I just introduced my kids to Bugles and they're like, this is the coolest thing ever. It it is changed obviously. 'cause I'm diabetic, so like I can't have the things I really want. But if I weren't diabetic here in my go-tos, Reese's Peanut butter cups got, they have to be the holiday versions. They have to be either Easter egg or with of peanut butter. They do a pumpkin now. Pumpkin. They got a pumpkin. They Got a pumpkin. Now I'm a peanut butter guy. This episode is presented by Hyundai. Okay. So there are some things that we know about this from watching the movie, but the movie writers based the movie on a book.


And the book author, I believe based this stuff on an interview or interviews with Alan West that Alan West had with the Bureau of Prisons in the FBI. Because basically everything we know about the escape from Alcatraz came from the mouth of Alan West. Yeah. So he made a deal. He said, listen, I'll tell you all about it, but you can't throw me in here for longer because I tried to escape prison. You gotta give me immunity for that attempted escape. And let's be honest guys, it really wasn't much of an attempt. Can you gimme a break here? Right. I had to make the sad walk of shame back to the cell. Yeah. I have a feeling that that definitely factored into their decision to give them immunity.


Like man, Probably so You, you really, you really got a hard luck case. So he makes a deal and says, I'll tell you everything. But again, this is just his account of it. One thing that kind of jumped out is maybe it's not the most accurate account, was that he was like, yeah, I was the mastermind. I thought of the whole thing from the start. Yeah. And I dont know if that's quite true because it seems like Clint Eastwood did. Yeah. The certainly the, the in the movie, the movie basically it should be called Colin, the Frank Morris story. Yeah. He's the main character. Everybody else is a side character who's Clin Eastwood. It really kind of downplayed a lot of the contributions by the England brothers, certainly by Alan West.


Doesn't even use Alan West's name. So I. Don't know how much of an influence is from that movie or if that movie was just based on the general idea that Frank Morris was the mastermind and the leader. That he was a very intelligent person and kind of a boring leader from what I know. So it's just not clear whether Alan West actually came up with this plan or not. Was he the one who sewed the, the raft all this time and he got left behind Or maybe he had really weak arms and this was just what he told the, the, the Bureau of Prisons investigators. It was the reason why he never was able to chip out of the his cell. Who knows. But just so just bear in mind from this point forward, we're just gonna go on with the, with this as gospel.


But all of this is coming from Alan West's mouth. He was the one that was left behind. I I feel like in the movie, he got to the point where he could not jump up by himself and reach the great, is that right? Yeah. So in the movie they help each other up. Right. And then he would, he would've had to have done it himself and he Couldn't jump. He just kept jumping and jumping and couldn't make it. Yes. But from what I know, he made it up to the roof and was pinned down on the roof by that, that guard in the watch tower. But that wasn't the movie, Don't it movie was the guard inside the movie. No, no, no, no. You're right in the movie. It was like that. So the plan was, and this again from West Account said was to sail this raft or I guess paddle this raft across the bay to Angel Island.


It was about a mile away. A little over. Yeah. And he said from there they were gonna rest for a little bit, get their bearings, stash, everything, and then swim to the mainland across what's called the Raccoon Straits to Mar Marin County. And then once they got there, they would start doing crime again. Immediately they would rob a store for closing money and steal a car and get the heck outta there as quickly as possible before the word gets out. Ostensibly. Yeah. Which is a pretty great plan actually. Except For the crime part. Like I would've, I don't know, I guess the idea is to just get as far away as possible. But I don't know if I would've. Yeah, But you need a car. It's not like somebody's gonna just give you one. No, you can take the Bart.


Sure. You could take the Bart I guess. I Don't think Bart was around back Then. I think it was a pretty good, maybe they're just like one last heist to get away from here. Maybe that's what it was. Maybe. 'cause they just want, I mean, I get they'd want the urge to get as far away from there as possible. Right. Yeah. But also, what if all of a sudden cops are on you from stealing a car immediately. I guess it's a risk. It's A risk. It is a big risk. And a lot of people say that they were actually helped on the other side. There was a guy named, oh man, I can't remember his last name, but his, his first name or his nickname was bumpy. He was a McGillicutty Harlem crime Lord, drug Lord who is just a total ba.


And they think that he may have had something to do with helping them escape with somebody who would've shown up and, and picked them up and driven them off. Other people say that one of the Lin's girlfriends was there, but the FBI supposedly investigated and said Frank Morris didn't have anybody. He was an orphan. He didn't have anybody on the outside who could have helped. The Lins had family that definitely would've helped if they could, but they didn't have the means to actually to help them out in San Francisco. They were bumpkins. So yeah. But they were a tight family and they were the kind of family where I think if one of them had called and been like, I'm breaking out. I need you to pick me up. They would've done it. That they're like that, that that kind of tight family bond now. Like my family would be like, oh, well I'll call you right back.


And then, hello FBI. Right. How much of a reward do you have for giving up a prison? Escapee? Yes. A a federal prison. All that much. Huh. Great. Do you have a pen? Can you do any Better? So yeah, that's exactly what my family would follow up with. They did find some evidence though. They did a search for about a week and a half along with the FBI, like You were saying. And the Bureau of Prisons and the Alcatraz people, they were all super mad, of course, especially in the movie version. And they searched Angel Island. They searched all the other islands in the bay and they did find one of those life preservers that had teeth marks on the inflation valve.


They found a wallet wrapped in plastic that they figured was JW Lins. Yeah. They found one of those oars and they found it looked like most of one of the rafts or most of the raft. It did. But no bodies, no stolen cars, no burglaries. No one had reported anything in the area. Unusual to, to, according to their plan, which was to, you know, steal clothes and money in a car. Yeah. And so the Bureau of Prisons, like right out of the gate, was like, they drowned their, they were washed out to sea. That's it. We'll never hear from 'em again. But they're dead. They didn't actually escape. and that this was in 1962. It wasn't until 1979 that the FBI closed the book and said, yeah, that's probably what happened.


We, we presume that they were dead and their bodies lost at sea. But when they were building this case, they cited the, the story of a guy named Seymour Webb who had jumped from the Golden Gate Bridge at virtually the same time the Englands and Morris would've been in San Francisco Bay. And his body was never found, despite their being witnesses who watched him jump. It's very flimsy. Yeah. Yes. But at the same time it does kind of demonstrate like, look man, yeah, it could happen. This guy was never, yeah, he was never found. He jumped at the same time the angles and Morris were in the water. So maybe their bodies were never found. There was a sighting of a body about five weeks later in July of 1962 by a group of Norwegian sailors who saw something kind of floating off.


And they were like, is that a body? Yeah. And they went, got binoculars. And they said, that's a body. It was a body, it was floating upside down. So all they could see was the butt basically kind of bobbing in the water. And the butt looked through their binoculars at least to have on jeans, have on denim. And they, you know, that was part of the prison outfit was they were wearing denim. And the f this, this is the part that kind of gets a little flimsy to me, is the FBI said that there were no missing persons in the area in that timeframe that were wearing jeans. Right. Are you ready for this? So are you sitting down? Who knows And. it was reported many weeks later. So it, it, you know, it was all, it, it was kind of hearsay, I guess at that point.


It was. And then by the time they actually reported the sighting, it was October. So they're like, well, that's kind of useless. But they, they do point to that and say, okay, this combined with Seymour Webb, we think that their bodies were swept out to sea. Not everybody agrees with that, including the Anglin family, who very much maintained that their brothers survived this escape from Alcatraz and actually had a photograph that, I don't know where they got it, but they, they have a photograph that was supposedly taken of their brothers in Brazil in 1975. Looks that they shared, looked like It could have been them. It does, it certainly does. And there's actually a company, I can't remember the name of the company, but they do like artificial intelligence, facial recognition.


Yeah. So they're just really leading the way to a dystopia. But they were like, Hey everybody, we want to introduce you to our software, so we're gonna analyze this picture. And the, their AI said, yep, definitely the lings. How cool is that? Yeah. I mean, I certainly looked at it And, it, it, it could be, it, it didn't look so unlike them that it was like, no way. Right. And again, I found myself being like, yeah, man, I, these guys made it to Brazil and they're, and they're robbing banks there to this day. Exactly right. I have them raising cattle in Brazil. That's my, that's my idea. In 2013, there was a letter sent to the San Francisco police department, supposedly from JW England saying, Hey, we made it guys, but just barely Morris died in 2008.


We kept in touch. Great guy. Clarence died in 2011 and I'm still alive, but I got cancer. I need help and I'm gonna come forward If you, If you promise and pinky swear and tell the public that you're not gonna send me to jail for more than one year and you're gonna heal my cancer. Yeah. And apparently they analyzed the letter and were like, this is inconclusive. But the FBI was like, we closed this case in 1979. We're not about to open it up. But here's the thing. The, the idea that they survived is at least possible enough that for this whole time, the US Marshal's office, who took over the case from the FBI in 1979, have, have kept it open.


Like these guys are wanted outlaws still to this day, even though they would be 89, 90 and 95, I think by now they are considered wanted fugitives. And the case is open, even though I believe the marshal service typically believes that they're dead. They haven't closed the case. Yeah. Here's my deal, If, you do something like this and you don't leave some rock solid deathbed evidence. Right. Then you're just selfish. You really are. You owe it to the world to, to have this be a lead story and be like, Frank Morris died and he, he, you know, hears the evidence. Here's that little flower from the movie. Yeah, exactly. You te teach your smartest head of cattle to stamp out a message in Morse code.


That's what I want you spending your dying days doing, teaching that cow. The marshals say that they don't think they survived and, and went on to lead lives of solitude because they're like, these guys are career criminals. They would've done something again. They would've gotten caught again. That's A good point. Arguments four is that, and they don't know if they planned this that way or not, but when they went on the day they went, and during the hours they went, they actually had a few good hours of pretty calm bay currents. The, you know, it could be so bad that they're gonna pull you out to sea or so bad that they take you in the wrong direction, completely away from land. And they said that, you know, whether it was just providence or whether they planned it this way, they had a, a cloudy night.


So there wasn't much light from the moon. And they had a really calm bay. So in theory, they, they might could have done this. They could have, but the winds were really terrible that night too. I think they were gusts up to like 21 miles an hour, sustained winds of like 10 miles an hour. In Which direction though? That's, that's tough to row. I, who knows if, if it was lucky then yeah. If it was blowing 'em toward Angel Island and that was in their favor, it was blowing in any other direction, that would make it very, very tough. Maybe it blew to Brazil And then maybe, maybe. So they're like, well that was fortunate. Didn't even have to steal a car. The the other problem is the water, the water temperature is like 50 degrees Fahrenheit, which is very, very cold.


And you get very numb. and that eventually sent into shock and then exhaustion pretty quickly after being in this water for 30 minutes or less. But people swim in that thing. They do. And it's happened before. They have triathlons in the, in that water and people do it. So it's not to say that these guys could not have done it. It wasn't Right. So frigid that science would say, oh no, you would die inside five minutes in this water. Exactly. I mean, especially if they were operating on the adrenaline that they surely would've had from the escape. Shimming 50 feet down a drain pipe alone will pump you full of some pretty decent adrenaline. So who knows what they were capable of at the time.


I have a theory, let's hear it. Is that the Lins killed Frank Morris out there on that raft and that was the body they saw loading and that's why they made it to Brazil. And we never heard from Frank Morris again. Oh, I don't like your theory. You don't think I don't like Don one at all. Don't him turning on them at at the last minute. No, no. My theory is that that body was actually Seymour we, that he was wearing denim jeans underpants that got taken off of his other pants and that he wasn't actually dead, but he met a mermaid or mer man who he fell in love with and spent the rest of his life under the sea with. Oh, Well that's lovely.


He'll like that theory. But all the cherry on top here is that those prisoners who wanted to help them escape. 'cause they thought the prison would close were right. The prison was shut down the following march and the Bureau of prison said, you know what, we were gonna shut this thing down anyway because Alcatraz is just too much to keep up this. Yeah. This big concrete block on a rocky island is too expensive to keep up. Right. With very few guards. So who knows. But in the movie they definitely sort of portray it as, as that's the reason why. Yeah. And the warden never had a happy day again. That's right. Pretty satisfying film. Pretty satisfying film. And Chuck I, guess we said all this to say this.


We have a book coming out that we would love for you to pre-order. Yeah, that's right. Stuff You. Should Know. Is that jarring enough? An Incomplete compendium of mostly interesting thing. And guys, one of our lifelong dreams is to be on the New York Times bestseller list. Yeah. They give you a T-shirt. We really want to get on that list. And if that list came out today, we wouldn't be on it. So we would love for you to step up and help our dreams come true. Sure. How's That for a plea? I think that's a great plea. A plea and a plug altogether. It's a ple. What is this thing called? 20 bucks? I think so And. It's worth every penny I can tell you because we wrote it.


That's Right. So that's it. If, you want to go order our book? You can pre-order it anywhere you get books. Thank you in advance. And I think that's it for Escape from Alcatraz too, right? That's it. If, you want to know more about escaping from Alcatraz? There is some really great articles and books and all sorts of stuff out there on the internet for you to dig into. So get digging So I said Get digging. It's time for listener mail. I'm gonna call this Delaware response. We kind of poked fun of Delaware a little bit A we now I. guess it was me. Yeah, but Delawareans Delawareans, Delawareans, Delawareans Delawarean Knights. They are lovely people as it seems.


'cause we've gotten quite a few emails and they all have good humor about their, their lovely little state. Hey guys, our Delaware family had to laugh at your Pirate radio podcast, Delawareans. Oh yeah, it's right there. Would be proud to be known as the Luxembourg of the United States. Most people drive through our state on I 95 in less than 30 minutes. But If, you do stop by. Our state is rich in history and agriculture, and we have a few nice beaches. What you should know is the arc on the top of our state or I. guess it's an arch, is made by a 12 mile radius from Newcastle in Historic Town. What many people do not know is the bottom of the arc formed a wedge Betwixt, Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Delaware.


The ownership of that land was in dispute between Delaware and Pennsylvania for decades only to be resolved in 1921. Rumor has it that the disputed land was a haven for unsavory types who capitalized on the uncertain jurisdiction. Thanks for the show and informs and entertains my family. And we wish you well from Delaware. The first state to ratify the Constitution. Oh, that is from Doug Wgat and family. Nice. Doug, thank you. I would've led with the first state to ratify the Constitution thing. I I bet they tout that a lot. That's a Sure. That's a good thing to tout. Yep. Well, If, you wanna be like Doug and defend your state, whether it's Delaware or not, we wanna hear from you.


And you can send it in an email to stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Hey, friends Toyota has been building for generations from pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a legendary lineup of in stock cars, including the high performance 25 Camry and capable, affordable Corolla, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


CCB S Thursday, October 17th. Hi again. TV's Quirky is crime solver. I'm ELs Betas. I work with the police is back and ready to go toe to toe with a cavalcade of guest stars. You have a devious mind. I'm a lawyer. Don't miss a moment of the critically acclaimed hit. Look for anything out of the ordinary that sounds like fun. Murder should be fun. Obviously murder's not fun. Elsbeth is all new CBS Thursday, October 17th, part of CBS Premier Week and streaming on Paramount Plus.


Hey, it's Angela Yee Searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color with 10 hour comfort and a non-drying matte finish Spike Valentino is that girl with gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Mason Valentino's signature studs. And can you hear that magnetic click. Discover the 12 shades in Vibrant news and pops of color From couture in the streets to its Valentino baby.