
Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. And with each innovation, a commitment to progress. And with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy-duty, half-ton tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


Brought to you by the Capital, One Venture X Card Earn unlimited, two x miles on everything you buy, and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus, receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel Unlock, a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X Card. What's in your wallet terms? Apply Lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.


Hey everybody, it's me, Josh And. for this week select, I've chosen our Cleveland Torso Murders episode from May, 2021. Once in a while we do some true crime episodes, and in my opinion, this might be our best one ever. It's a semi little known series of gruesome killings that became an engrossing story with a lot to keep up with. I should probably mention there's a lot of frank talk about some really grizzly stuff in here. So be forewarned, hope you enjoy it as much as one can enjoy this kind of stuff. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know A production of iHeartRadio Hey.


and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh, there's Chuck Jerry's out there somewhere with a magnifying glass and toothpick. We don't know what the toothpicks for, but this is Stuff You Should Know. Yes. Content warning episode. Everybody. This is, oh boy, one of our, I was about to say rare. They're, they're fairly rare, but one of our true crime episodes that is very grizzly, Gruesome. Gruesome, but took place in the 1930s. So there's something about old and gruesome that makes it a little more palatable for me. Totally. I don't know why, but you're absolutely right. Time, I guess, you know. Yeah. Heals, time heals all wounds, including the torso murders.


Yes. it doesn Well heal all wounds, except for some of the things that happened in the torso murders, because you can't come back from that. Yeah. It's pretty crazy. Had you, you, you were familiar with the torso murders already, right? I had heard of these, and the more I read about 'em, the more I was shocked that there wasn't a good period movie about this. Yeah, Absolutely. Ab So, but If, you haven't heard of the Torso Killer. That's fine. You're, you're definitely not alone. A lot of people haven't, which is kind of surprising because these are, they're unsolved murders. There were a lot of them. And you know, they took place in the background of a city that was like driven into a frenzy by this ghastly serial murderer who was, who continued their murders despite this extraordinarily large, you know, manhunt to try to find him an unsuccessful manhunt.


Still to this day. Yeah. I mean, it has all the makings of a good movie. It's got a, and we will, we'll reveal who this person is. Well hang on to it for a second, but it got a, a famous investigator. Oh, oh, sorry. Yes. He definitely was the famous investigator. Yeah. Oh, you thought I meant who the Murderer was? Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. You've got some false starts. You've got some Cohen brothers esque whimsy with, with the dog discovery. Yeah. I thought you'd like That. Yeah, I did like that. And yeah, it has all the makings of a great movie and a cool period setting, which was depression era 1930s, Cleveland, Ohio, Which is almost indistinguishable from current day 2021, Cleveland, Ohio.


Oh, come on. We Love Cleveland. Hey man, I'm from Toledo. I can totally bag on Cleveland. That's true. And Detroit. I was, that's my birthright. That is your birthright. So let's go back to September of 1934 when a woman's torso is washed up on the shore of Lake Erie. Her legs are amputated below the knee. There is no head, which is why I said torso and is arms, which is, It's a suspicious way to find a body, A very suspicious way. She was never identified, they called her the Lady of the Lake. And this was just sort of the beginnings. Nothing was put together at this point, because it would be two years before any other murders took place, And, that they finally sort of put together that the Lady of the Lake was perhaps victim zero.


Right. Really victim one, but they called her victim zero of who had become known as the torso murderer or the, the mad butcher of Kingsbury. Yes. Kingsbury run. And like you said, it'd be about two years before they started to connect the dots, but in that time, between the time the Lady of the Lake was found, about a year passed, and then all of a sudden, two more bodies were found. And now all of a sudden, because two bodies were found together, this really started to capture people's attention. The Lady of the Lake. It was a weird thing. It was a terrible thing to find, but it was singular. This was, you know, but like by definition, not singular, finding two bodies at once that were both dismembered and they were found in that area of Kingsbury Run, which is the, where the Mad Butcher take takes his name.


That's right. They were both men in this case. They were, they were castrated. They were also decapitated, which would become sort of a signature, the decapitation and, and or any kind of dismembering really would become the signature hallmark of this murderer. And it's interesting, in that victim, one of these two men was actually one of the only ones that they got a fairly positive ID for. They actually got some fingerprints, And, it matched a man named Edward Andrey. And he was sort of a petty thief that had, you know, the police had brought in before. So he was believed to be gay. And this, if he was, you know, which all accounts should say that he was, this was at a time when in the 1930s, certainly it was still illegal And, it was also listed as a mental disorder in the, what's it called?


Not the D-M-V-D-S-M-D-S-M, the DMV. The DMV didn't look too highly on it either. No, that's right. So he, I think was one of only two that was ever even positively identified of what would end up being probably 13, maybe 12 murders. Yes. And again, these guys were found together, not together, like they were, like within, you know, a, a very short distance of one another. So they were found virtually at the same time. And whenever you find, you know, a body missing its head, that that is attention grabbing. And when you find two bodies both missing their heads, that really starts to get the presses juices running.


And like we said, these were found around Kingsbury Run. And Kingsbury Run is basically like an old river bed that cuts through, I believe the west side of Cleveland. No, I'm sorry, the, I think the east side of Cleveland down to the Cuyahoga River And. it was basically like the place where all of the oil companies and all of the heavy industry along the river and along the lake would dump all of their waste. The city put a sewer in there. It was just meant to be kind of like a, a wasteland, like a literal wasteland And. it kind of stayed that way until the depression hit. And by the time the depression hit, things were so bad that people were looking to, to basically live wherever they could for free.


And they started taking up residence in Kingsbury run. So by the time the Kingsbury run murders, the tour, the torso murders started, this was like a full fledged, full swing shanty town, basically. A great depression era. Hoover Town is what they called them. Yeah, exactly. So it was a grim scene down there. Anyway, certainly the fringes of society during the inve course of the investigation, there were accusations of the press that they weren't working as hard as they needed to because these were people on the fringes of society and sort of forgotten about. And I think one of the other people identified was a few months later in January, 1936 when they found the body of Flo Palolo.


Florence Palolo was a waitress and bartender and a sex worker who was discovered once again, dismembered, wrapped in newspaper and a couple of bushel baskets. And then about a week and a half later found other parts of her body. So she was sort of found in, in it's very grizzly, but found in pieces over the course of a week and a half in different places. Yeah. Right. So, so far, as far as anybody can tell, we're up to three and possibly four victims. If, you include the Lady of the Lake. but it wasn't until the following June, about six months after Flo Palolo was discovered, because again, remember these people were, they actually lived on the fringe of society.


So just like today, just like Robert Pickton, the, the pig farmer from Vancouver, and so many other serial killers find their victims in like the just, I guess the lowest stations of society, because they're the most vulnerable. They have the least protection. And that's kind of what was going on. That's why it took so many victims for the press to finally be like, okay, there's something really going on here. And finally, in June, I believe, of 1936, victim number four, as far as canonical victims go, but possibly the fifth victim was discovered, his head was found first by two boys who were playing hooky and fishing along the Cuyahoga. Can You imagine that?


Man? No, I can't. Because they found like a balled up pair of trousers, and I guess grabbed him and found that there was something in it when they opened it up. It was the, the head of a man in his twenties. But again, it's never been identified like so many of these victims. Yeah. And not to trivialize any of this, but again, that stuff is very ripe for, for movie making. Totally. This whole thing is And. it really is surprising that no one's done this yet. Like you wouldn't, you know, you would write something like that in a screenplay. And this actually happened. It's So gly. There's, so there's, I, I didn't see, I haven't read it, but there's a graphic novel and maybe it's a series called Torso that is about all this.


And I'm guessing that would probably be a pretty good basis for the movie. Yeah. So victim four, they were making great efforts to find out who this man was. So they actually, the police circulated a photo of his face and made a death mask. If, you can don't know what a death mask is. I encourage you to go Listen to our episode on Death Masks. Nice. It's basically what you would think. It's a, it's a recreation of this man's head. And they put this thing along with a tattoo map. He had tattoos all over himself, an illustrated map of his tattoos in this death mask on display at the Great Lakes Exposition of 1936, where, you know, a hundred thousand people could walk.


I mean, it was a smart idea in one way, because sure. They had a, you know, could blast it out in the best way possible to try and identify who this person was. but it was also, again, like something from a movie. These people going to an exposition all of a sudden are walking behind these, this tattoo map and the death mask of this man. And I'm sure the question came up like, well, why is it, where's the rest of his body? Why didn't they just show pictures of the tattoos? They're like, stop asking questions. Do you know the guy or not? No. Go get some ice cream. Exactly. Move along. Nothing to see here. But yeah, despite that, you know, very public search for an identification.


He was never, still, has never been identified. And his tattoos were really, he had people's names tattooed on him. He had a cartoon character named Jigs tattooed on him. So this guy, you know, you could see his face. They had all his tattoos and he still has never been identified. But his, his discovery, And I think the very public, like the, the cop circulated a photo of his head on a gurney in the morgue at first before they made the death mass among other police agencies around the area, and I'm sure to the press as well. So it was kind of public, even though it was kind of quiet. but it got the press's attention. And the press started to connect the dots. And all of a sudden we now were connecting the Lady of the Lake to this latest guy and all of the other ones as well.


And, it became very clear that there was what they call the mad butcher of Kingsbury run on the loose in Cleveland. And no one had any idea who it was or when, or if they were ever going to stop. Yeah, I think there were seven more victims over the next two years. Victim eight were skeletal remains. But they did think, they identified this person as Rose Wallace, a woman in her forties. She had gone missing about a year earlier. and there was quick line use to decompose this body. And this one interestingly had evidence of a more of a clumsy dismemberment.


To me, this one stands out a little bit as one that possibly might not be a victim and could have been misattributed to the, to the Mad Butcher. That's just my personal feeling. I don't, I don't know if anyone else is saying this, but it's the one that stands out to me as being slightly different. Same as same, same to me. Yeah. She, the The killer clearly lacked a dismemberment plan in that case. Is that a ban? Yeah. Are they good? Yeah, they were really good. They were maybe math rock. Okay. Dismemberment Plan. I think they were nice work. At the very least, they were alternative Victim nine was, had his heart removed, victim 10 had morphine in her system.


And, I think they're, they're not quite sure how they all died. I think at one point they thought most of them died by the decapitation, but some were found with their blood completely drained from their body. Like I said, this one woman had morphine in her system. Yeah. Which could make sense. We'll get to something else later on of a potential victim that never happened where drugs might have been a factor. But, you know, it's, it's sort of all, you know, there were men, there were women, there were black people, there were white people. There wasn't any real rhyme or reason it seemed like, aside from the fact that they were probably cu from this area of Ohio. Yes. And, and the fact that, you know, the first two men were emasculated that there were women involved too.


That somebody's heart had been ripped out. Like there was, there was clearly a sexual element of the whole thing, which made the idea that they were men and women victims, very confounding. You just don't normally see that in a sex killer. You, you see one or the other. And it's usually the sex that the person is oriented to are the victims. And then, you know, just to kind of, to to cap that point off, The killer left Victims 11 and 12 within a few yards of one another on a dump, like a, a trash dump. And one was a woman victim, 11 was a woman, and victim 12 was a man. Should we take a break?


We should, because Cleveland doesn't know it at the time. But those of us looking through the looking backward through history can tell you that this was the last canonical victims in August of 1938. So The killer, as far as anybody knows, is done. That's right. And most of the Grizzly stuff is out of the way. And we'll be back to reveal the famous investigator right after this,


Brought to you by the Capital, One Venture X Card earn unlimited two x miles on everything you buy and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel Unlock, a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X Card. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. Lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.


You know, friends, we know you like to support companies with a strong sense of purpose. So we're gonna talk to you about at and t, which really makes customers feel good about their choices. We're talking specifically about their Back to school initiative because at t provided 20,000 backpacks filled with laptops, school supplies, and personalized notes to students all across America. Yeah. A lot of us don't really think twice about having our tech, our phones, our laptops, our wifi, but not everyone has access to those things, which is why what at and t is doing is just amazing. Yeah. And let's talk about Seattle. We love Seattle at and t and Comp Adopt delivered 250 refurbished laptops and fully stocked backpacks to students all over Seattle, ensuring that they're gonna have those tools that they need to succeed. And everybody loves stories like this where you can see real change happening for real people. And it's not just happening in Seattle. At and t is doing this all across the country. In places like Indiana, Philadelphia, they're helping connect the next generation to brighter futures. Yeah. And you know what, buddy? That's pretty exciting. Connecting Changes everything. At and t


Hey everybody, we wanna talk to you about our old friends at Squarespace, which is probably the best way you can make your own website, especially if you're running a business because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Yeah. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus your customers are gonna have more ways to pay with all sorts of different payment methods from Klarna to a CH direct deposit to Apple Pay, clear pay in the uk, the list just goes on. That's Right. Squarespace also makes it really easy to sell access to content on the website that you build. Like online courses, blogs, videos, and memberships. Yeah. You can earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind the paywall. You just simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. And you walk away whistling and happiness. That's Right. So just go to squarespace.com/stuff and when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain. Squarespace.


Hey everybody, the holidays have always been a time of joy coming together. But let's face it, shipping out all those gifts can be a bit of a hassle, right? Yeah. And to help ease the load, turn to the United States Postal Service for all your holiday shipping needs. With over 600,000 employees working in sync all over the country, USPS serves over 167 million addresses, six and seven days a week. Yeah. And the best part, their enhanced network is built to deliver your packages reliably and on time. And if you're looking for an affordable shipping option, USPS ground advantage has you covered. It's a complete ground shipping solution for all your holiday needs. Yeah. It's reliable with upfront pricing, no hidden costs. And it's fast helping you stay on top of your holiday plans. So why not take your packages on a true holiday ride this season? Visit usps.com/holiday ride to get started. United States Postal Service.


How's that for a tease? It was, I can't take it anymore. Chuck, please. Please. Who Is it? It's my favorite thing when you play coi, it was Mr. Elliot Ness. Very famous for being the head of the untouchables for putting Al Capone behind bars. Good friend of Sean Connery's. Very good friend. Oh, that was great. That wasn't very good. 'cause To do con don't bring a knife to a gunfight. You bring a gun, you dummy. Yeah. I think that was the line. If. you go on to do counter. Well you gotta have an ESS in there. Right? But there was no Ashes. I did that, didn't I? I thought that was, I thought I nailed it. There are no S'S in that sentence.


Right. They're implied that I would've done that had there been nesses. Don't bring a knife to a gun, Don. How's that? Right? You bring a gun, you're jober. Alright. Back to the serious stuff. Elliot Ness was the, after that work in at, what was that? Chicago I think. Oh yeah. That was, he became the alcohol investigator in charge of the alcohol tax unit for Northern Ohio and August of 34. And then the Republican mayoral candidate, Harold Burton, who would go on to win, said, you know what ness, you're a famous guy. I like the cut of your jib.


Let me make you in December, 1935, the safety director for Cleveland and let me nudge you towards this outstanding case that we have. So yeah, when he was hired, they, the case wasn't quite clear that it was a big old case when he came in just after like a couple of months after victims one and two were found and just a couple of weeks before Flo p Palolo was found. So it wasn't evident that, that there was a serial murderer on the loose, but that also means that Elliot Ness came in right at the beginning of this thing. Yeah. So he was the public safety director for it. He became the face of the frustrated police effort to capture the torso killer.


Right. Although the lead investigator, what was that guy's name? Peter Marillo. Yeah, he was, he was, I don't know about obsessed, but it, it became sort of his main focus of work was to tirelessly find out who this murderer was. And I. Assume that it's weird 'cause I really don't know what a safety director was. I don't think. Is that even still a thing? Yeah, I think there is a public safety director position still. They're, they basically are in charge of the police department, the fire department. Oh, okay. Basically all that stuff. You're, they're the head of that. They're like, they probably the liaison between the mayor and those services, But not the guardian angels.


'cause they do what they wanna do. Hey man, they're staying on their own too. The coroner, AJ Pierce of the case, I think he was the first coroner on the first case, said, you know what we need to do? We need to get together, we need to have a little summit and start sharing information. I'm gonna call it the Torso Clinic. Which was interesting. I don't know if he did or the press did. Yeah. Either way. 'cause the press was very much involved in this whole run, obviously. Oh yeah. But at this conference is where he first put forward a profile, which was, this is someone who would not stand out in Kingsbury. One, it's run's a big one. Someone who knew the area could blend in somebody. You know, we think it's a man who is a powerful man because they need to be able to, you know, it takes a lot of work to dismember a body and to haul these bodies around and drop them off in different places.


And we think he also might have some anatomical knowledge, not saying that he's necessarily a doctor or a surgeon, kinda like the Jack the Ripper thing. But, but this, this person clearly, clearly knows their way around a knife and a scalpel. Yeah. Because I mean, If, you really closely examine a body and like look at the places where, you know, the body was separated with the knife. You can find hesitancy marks Sure you can find the hacking. There's all sorts of clues and telltale signs. And apparently this guy had a lot of confidence and had a lot of skill or knowledge about anatomy. So, like you said, maybe not a doctor, but at the very least a very skilled butcher who had studied human anatomy before.


But I eventually they finally were like, this is probably some sort of doctor. Yeah. And I think they eventually learned that most of the victims died within a few dame a few days of being discovered and most were moved except for victim five, where they found a bloodbath. You know, that was, this didn't happen at the other crime scenes. It was virtually no blood to be found. And in fact, I think one was completely drained of blood. Many Were. Oh, really? So that, I mean, that takes, I don't know if that happened naturally just because of the, the nature of, of dismemberment or if it was a purposeful thing, but only one body was found kind of clearly murdered there.


Right. So yeah, I think the, the fact that the blood wasn't on the scene And, it wasn't in the body any longer, means it had to go somewhere. So that the fact that they were dismembered and the, the, and packaged, I mean like a lot of them were found, you know, the one unidentified tattooed man, his head was wrapped in trousers, but other peoples were wrapped in newspaper or brown paper like they were meat. Yeah. Some one was, was put in a, a makeshift box. There was, there was a lot of time de dedicated to the, the dismemberment of these bodies. And that, that, that leaves a lot of evidence.


And you need a place where you're not going to be interrupted. And Yeah. That's not easy to come by. So that became a really, like big point is, you know, we we're pretty sure that this person is, is snatching victims from the, from the Kingsbury run area, but where are they committing these acts? And they tried to find that, that place as much as they tried to find The killer. Yeah. I mean that would be a big clue if they had some murder room Dexter style. Sure. Which is, that's a dead giveaway every time That's coming back, by the way, I don't know If, you ever watched Dexter? What do you mean it's coming back? They're bringing Dexter back man With the original, like Mike and C Hall.


Yeah. No, Yes, they are indeed. And I. I have mixed feelings 'cause we love that show for a long time. but It is until the end. It is one of the shark jumpier shows of all time. It's cra it's like the shark itself jumped a shark. I think. So. It's insane. It's amazing. Yeah. I, I mean I love Michael C. Hall though. We we're just now finishing six feet under again. So Yeah. I'm always happy to see him again, but I'll, I'll give it a Go. Did you see cold in July? No. What is that? It's, it's a little bit like a straw dogs type story. Oh. but it, he's like having to battle Don Johnson. It's just really like If, you want, I know it's weird casting, but If you want to just experience like a constant, you know, mid to low level dread for two hours.


Like Sure. Just go ahead and watch that. Just well done in that respect. Or watch the lighthouse. It's probably better. God, it's so good. Let's just stop talking about this and talk about the lighthouse for the rest of the time. Alright, so Peter Marillo, who like we said was a lead detective, he's sort of obsessed with this thing. He starts not only focusing on this land down by the river, but I didn't mean that, but that's what it was. But he started focusing on the railroads and the, these, these hobos. The what? The railroads. Oh, okay. You know where trains run on? Sure. Yeah. I just never heard it pronounced the way you do the first time.


Railroad the railroads. It was hilarious. Just, yeah. I gotta lighten this up somehow. We're talking about dismembered torso. I know. Exactly. So he started looking in these box cars. And, I. I don't, I mean, is hobo a an offensive word? Can you still say that? I Don't think so. I think it's a point of pride, A term of pride. Oh. For people who still ride the rails. Okay. So he's still out there doing his thing at this press conference. Elliot Ness ends up holding a meeting with the head of Scientific Investigation bureau. His name was David Cowells and an editor of the Cleveland Press.


So this is a big deal. They're actually getting the press involved at this point. Right. But secretly, this wasn't a press conference. This is like a secret meeting basically. Oh, no, No. Not a press conference at all. This was very much in secret, but he's involving the press and they said, here's what we're gonna do. Ness says, let's you go and pick out eight tough guys that can go undercover, that, that know a lot of bad guys in Cleveland and have all those connections. We'll give them the police support they need and we'll fund them. How did they fund them with the press's money? What does that even mean? I don't know. I think that like maybe the owners of the newspapers chipped in, like the wealthy owners chipped in quietly to pay Oh, interesting. This stuff off of the books. That's my impression of what this Happened.


And you ever chipped in the most gut to break the story? I wonder But, well, no, I think think at the same time it was a technique for bringing the press into the fold so that there weren't outsiders drumming up trouble for the cops anymore because Gotcha. The Cleveland press really made the, the, they didn't make the police look bad. They pointed out just how badly the police were handling this or ineffectively. Which is not to say that the police were, were not trying really, really hard. Supposedly I saw a figure of 10,000 suspects were interviewed over four years during the course of this investigation. They just couldn't find the guy. They could not find this killer. And the press kind of almost gleefully kept pointing that out.


Right. So this is in, in a way attempt to asage them and bring them into the inner circle a bit. Right. That's, that was my impression. Yeah. Alright. So the police are, they've got these undercover guys working their, their scene. They're checking cars randomly at all hours. They're canvassing laundromats and places where you wash your clothes. So, you know, if there are people like trying to get bloodstains out of something, they're kind of doing everything they can at this point. And this is where the Cohen Brothers sort of moment comes in, which is in Sandusky, a dog and Sandusky's about, now it's about an hour 10 minutes away by car. I don't know what it would've been back then, but probably less than two hours.


I would say. Even in an old timey car, a dog shows up in Sandusky with a human leg in its mouth. I wanna say that literally happened in a Cohen Brothers movie. It might've just been a bone of a body, but I can't think of which one. It might be someone will, someone will write in and tell us. but It sounds like a Barton Fink kind of thing. It Is, but it's not so, or I might be thinking of the kids who ripped the toupee off the guy in Miller's Crossing in the alleyway. Oh, I don't remember that part. Although I remember one of the neighbors lost his toupee in the burbs and they thought it was evidence it was murder. There's definitely a movie. It might not have been Cohen Brothers, where a dog shows up with a body part in its mouth.


Probably more than one movie. But this dog shows up in its mouth and Morelo goes to Sandusky And. it turns out that the leg was actually surgically removed during a, during a real surgery, not a, not a serial killer surgery. And just didn't get disposed of. Right. Ended up in the lake, ended up in the dog's mouth. Right. But the police were so hyped up. Oh, I'm sure. In Cleveland at the time that they traveled, Sanus chased down this lead. Yeah. Which like all the other ones went absolutely nowhere. And so there was, there was again, like just a tremendous amount of public pressure, including something you mentioned earlier too. A lot of allegations and accusations that the police weren't doing enough because these people were not wealthy, were not Right.


Well thought of. They were, you know, very poor. The poorest of the poor during the Great Depression were the ones who were having, who were suffering this, this serial killer. And so there was a tremendous amount of, of pressure. And I think, my impression is, is that that pressure is one of the, I guess the thing that drove Elliot ness to, to do something really terrible because the, the The killer was picking from the shanty towns of Kingsbury run Elliot ness. Got it in his head. That If you did away with Kingsbury run, you'd do away with the killings. Yeah. And so he raided the, the homeless camps at, at Kingsbury run and, and Rousted everybody.


And then ordered the place burned to the ground. Yeah. And I'm sure he thought this was a great idea at the time, but he really didn't think it through because the people of Cleveland did not take kindly to that. They, they hated him for what he did. And this was during the depression and everyone was struggling, basically. Or not everyone, but most people were, were struggling at this point, unemployment rate of 20% in Cleveland. And so the idea of this big shot Chicago G Man coming in and, and basically running these homeless people out of their only option and burning it to the ground was not a good look at all. However, it, that there were no more murders after that.


I know it strangely, it seemed to have worked. And it depends. We'll talk more about, you know, a a lot of different views of whether the murder stopped or not. But as far as canonical victims go, yeah, this, this, he burned the place to the ground two days after victims 11 and 12 were found. And after that there were no more victims. So it didn't solve the murders by any stretch of the imagination, but it seemed to have put an end to 'em weirdly. Yeah. I think before we take a break, we should mention there was one and get into the, the who we think is probably the real suspect. There was one suspect in Cuyahoga County that the sheriff brought in named, he was a bricklayer named Frank Dol Zeal, who did confess.


He was brought in for the murder of Flo Palolo originally. 'cause he had lived with her for a little while, but supposedly he knew Rose Wallace and Edward Andrey as well. But then they looked into it, And it by all accounts that confession was not just induced, but in the days where you would literally beat a victim into confessing Yeah. And then murder him in his cell after he recanted his confession. So Was he murdered? Yeah. Well he, he hung himself, but he hung himself from a hook that was shorter than he was one of those deals. Which I mean, I guess If you really, really want to die. You might, you you could do that. You could overcome the, the, The urge to stand up Disinclination towards self-harm, I guess you'd put it.


Yeah. But his, his friends at the time seemed to be like, no, he, that he was murdered. So it, it's, at the very least his confession was beaten out of him. And no, no serious scholar of the crime believes that Frank Doze was was The killer. Yeah. He didn't have any, there was no evidence whatsoever of any kinda surgical knowledge. There was like a lot of boxes he just didn't check. It was basically he knew Flo and he may have known Edward and Rossi and he may have known Rose Wallace and the sheriff basically ran him in very publicly. Right. Alright, so let's take that break and then we'll come back and talk a little bit more about the investigation and who people now believe committed these horrible murders Right after this


Brought to you by the Capital One Venture X Card Earn unlimited, two x miles on everything you buy and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel Unlock, a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X Card. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. Lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.


You know, friends, we know you like to support companies with a strong sense of purpose. So we're gonna talk to you about at and t, which really makes customers feel good about their choices. We're talking specifically about their back to school initiative because at t provided 20,000 backpacks filled with laptops, school supplies and personalized notes to students all across America. Yeah. A lot of us don't really think twice about having our tech, our phones, our laptops, our wifi, but not everyone has access to those things, which is why what at and t is doing is just amazing. Yeah. And let's talk about Seattle. We love Seattle at and t and Comp Adopt delivered 250 refurbished laptops and fully stocked backpacks to students all over Seattle, ensuring that they're gonna have those tools that they need to succeed. And everybody loves stories like this where you can see real change happening for real people. And it's not just happening in Seattle. At and t is doing this all across the country. In places like Indiana, Philadelphia, they're helping connect the next generation to brighter futures. Yeah. And you know what, buddy? That's pretty exciting. Connecting changes everything. At and t


Hey everybody, the holidays have always been a time of joy coming together. But let's face it, shipping out all those gifts can be a bit of a hassle, right? Yeah. And to help ease the load, turn to the United States Postal Service for all your holiday shipping needs. With over 600,000 employees working in sync all over the country, USPS serves over 167 million addresses, six and seven days a week. Yeah. And the best part, their enhanced network is built to deliver your packages reliably and on time. And if you're looking for an affordable shipping option, USPS ground Advantage has you covered. It's a complete ground shipping solution for all your holiday needs. Yeah. It's reliable with upfront pricing, no hidden costs. And it's fast helping you stay on top of your holiday plans. So why not take your packages on a true holiday ride this season? Visit usps.com/holiday ride to get started. United States Postal Service,


Everyone's had the experience of calling a business and just wanting to talk to a real person, not an automated voice pretending to be a human right. An actual person who can listen, understand and offer help. And that's exactly what you can do with Ruby. That's Right. Ruby's the virtual receptionist company that takes care of your callers when you're unavailable or in the middle of something or you simply don't wanna pick up. They can answer screen and transfer calls as well as take messages, collect payments, book appointments and more, all while making the people you serve feel special. That's Right. And best of all, it can help you be more productive. For example, nine out of 10 lawyers who use Ruby Log more billable hours per day than the national average. Other professionals like plumbers and technicians win more customers while being able to stay focused on the job. But whatever kind of small business you run, Ruby is built to save you time, earn you more customers or clients, and make meaningful connections with the people you serve. Ruby's available twenty four seven three hundred and sixty five days a year and 100% based in the us See why more than 15,000 small businesses use Ruby visit ruby.com or better yet, call them at eight four four nine hundred RUBY.


Alright. So Elliot Ness has run everyone out of the Kingsbury Run camps did not go over well. He then says, here's what we'll do. Let's skirt the warrant rules so we don't have to require warrants and let's get together, since I'm the safety director, And I control the fire department too. Let's get, let's go around and start searching for quote fire code violations. End quote. Basically so they don't have to get any kind of warrants and they can just basically go into people's houses and, and just at will and search and do whatever they want to under the guise of searching for fire code violations. He was desperate.


He was very desperate. And again, they were looking not just for The killer, but really more than anything, they were looking for that grizzly workshop as the Cleveland plain dealer had put it a place where he was, you know, draining the victims of their blood and dismembering their bodies. They, they didn't turn anything up. but it really kind of goes to show like just what lengths Elliot Ness, who was considered like this squeaky clean law man was willing to go to this is extraordinarily unconstitutional and underhanded. And he, he went, he went to that that degree and well beyond it turned out actually too Very much And I think we're at the point now where we can talk about this mystery person, right?


Yeah. This is, this is why I said he went way beyond, you know, unlawful search of homes. He actually engaged in what amounts to kidnapping of a private citizen who he thought was The killer. Yeah. And he kept it very secret. He even used a pseudonym for this person. He called this person this gentleman, Gaylord Sunheim pretty good name. A good hotel check-in name. Yeah. And privately he, you know, word gets around a little bit what's going on, but privately he would describe this person as an alcoholic, maybe bisexual, a doctor who came from a wealthy family and who had a relative in Congress who was protecting this person.


Yes. And took this man under the dark of night to a hotel room in Cleveland, held there without charging him for two weeks where they interrogated this person. Yes. And apparently the guy who this Gaylord Sunheim was in the middle of a bender when he was picked up and he had, he was so profoundly drunk that it took him three days to become sober again. I Don't buy that. I know. But that's a story when he, when he did. I know, but you gotta add those too. Sure. Thank you for keeping it, keeping it even keel though. I mean, I've had nights they were a little rough and you're always okay the next day.


I, I don't know what you're talking about. It's so weird. Like, alcohol affects us so differently, man. I can have like a drink and a half these days and I'm like hating life the next day. No, no, I'm not talking about a hangover. But you're not still drunk the next day. Oh, gotcha, gotcha. Or in two days or three days. I think that's what they were saying is that this guy was, he had like a, a hangover stupor basically That last, oh I could buy that Then. That was my impression. Alright. Not that he was still just flying high, but that he Was just, that's nitpicky anyway. Hating it. Alright. I should just shut up about the whole thing. But regardless, they kept him, whether he was sober as a judge or you know, drunk as a skunk, when they picked him up, they held him in this hotel room without charge and outside of the legal system for two weeks and interrogated him for up to eight hours a day.


Yeah. But I think he did it. So who cares. That's exactly how Elliot Ness was approaching this. And again, everybody thought he was this squeaky clean lawman and he's engaged in kidnapping. But the thing is, he brought in the guy who was one of the early inventors of the polygraph. He invented the Keeler polygraph And, it was called that because his name was Leonard Keeler. And he, I think he brought him from Chicago and Leonard Keeler administered a couple of different polygraph tests to this Gaylord Sondheim and said, if this isn't your man, I might as well throw my machine out the window. Or if I say anything else, because that guy, that's the guy, it's definitely the guy. You gotta take that with a grain of salt.


'cause especially today, polygraphs are just total junk science. but it certainly confirmed Nessa suspicions that much more at the time. I Think that that polygraph back then was, there wasn't even a machine. Keeler would just sit there and look for a beat of sweat to break out on the forehead, then punch the guy if it did. That's right. Exactly. So the case was never solved. S's reputation obviously took a big hit. He eventually got outta Cleveland after a drunk driving hit and run accident that he was involved with and tried to cover up. So he left in great shame. But back to this Gaylord sun time later on many years later, there were crime investigators and writers who put two and two together and basically identified, and in fact, in one case, crime writer Marilyn Bardsley came out and said, yeah, this, this is who this person was.


It was a former World War I army medic who was discharged for mental instability following head trauma, which was big warning lights going off. And he was an alcoholic, another big warning light. And his name was Francis Edward Sweeney, who also happens to have a relative in Congress. Right. A guy named Representative Martin Sweeney, who was a huge critic of the Burton administration, of which Elliot Ness was a major part. And he was just the kind of guy who was a political opponent to the degree that I'm sure Elliot Ness thought if he tried to arrest Clarence or Francis Sweeney, he would, he would, he would be obstructed, you know, from up on high by this Congress person.


Whether he would've or not, I don't know. I, I saw some references to the idea that Martin Sweeney was well aware that Elliot Ness was looking at his cousin for this and was already getting in the way. But I only saw that in one place. So I'm not sure if that's the case or not. Either way, his presence in his connection to Francis Sweeney was enough that Elliot ness never charged Francis Sweeney despite apparently going to his grave believing that, that Dr. Francis Edward Sweeney was the Cleveland torso murderer. Have you seen a picture of the guy? Dude, He's, he looks like the definition of a torso murderer. If you. If you like, seriously. You have to be careful with that stuff.


I know, of course. Especially If. you ever end up a juror? You can't be like, you look like a killer. I, but this guy looks like a torso murderer. You're exactly right. The quick sidebar, I I not sure if I ever mentioned it on this show. I know I've talked about it on a movie crush, but I want to recommend this great, great documentary. And forgive me if I'm repeating myself here, but it's called Crazy, not Insane. It's an HBO documentary about this doctor Dr. Dorothy Ott Lewis, who basically spent her life trying to understand serial killers and one of the main, she was kind of one of the first people to really try and understand what's actually going on. And she put together, I think like three very common common commonalities among serial killers.


But one of them is, is head trauma. And that's why this really stands out to me about Francis Edward Sweeney was that he was discharged from the army because of head trauma leading to mental instability. It's a commonality in, in most serial killers is some sort of head trauma, especially when you're younger. Wow. That's interesting. I did not know that. Yeah. And the, I may have, I thought I talked about it on this, but it was the, who was the guy in LA that, that also just had a great docuseries on the night Stalker, Richard Ramirez. He suffered multiple head traumas when he was younger as well. So I think it's, it's, I can't remember the third one. It's head trauma, some sort of physical and even sexual abuse as a child.


And then there was like one more thing and those are like, that's just a recipe for ending up some sort of sociopath or serial killer. I think the third one is disappointing birthday presents. Yeah, Maybe So. So it's A be warned Pres. It's a great, you'd really love it. It's a really good documentary. Yeah, I'll check that out for sure. It sounds like it's totally up my alley. I'm actually a GOG that I've not heard of it. Don't be a gog. I'm I'm a little Gog. All Right. Come back. So like you said, Marilyn Bardsley confirmed from one of the investigators that Francis Sweeney was Gaylord Sondheim, but that does not mean that Francis Sweeney was the torso murderer. True.


Although again, like you were saying If, you look at a picture of Francis Sweeney, you're like that's totally the torso murderer. Well and other stuff, you know, the head trauma, the medical training, he was a surgeon in residence at St. Alexis Hospital. His career deteriorated because of his drinking Right around the time the first murderer victims started showing up too. Yeah. He also had a deal apparently with a local mortuary where they would give him bodies to practice surgery on, which would explain maybe the, the kill room or the dismemberment room. He would have a place to go and dispose of these bodies without, you know, there being a big blood trail. You know?


Right. I mean this is a place where it wouldn't seem weird that somebody was decapitating a body or draining the body of all of its blood. Like that's exactly the kind of place And that didn't turn up until years later. And. it was thanks to a, a guy named James Badal who's written some books on it, on the torso murders. And he interviewed one of the, one of the early investigators and found out that he had privileges at that funeral home and started to put two and two together. Yeah. There was one, a couple of other things. He did send taunting letters to Elliot Ness Oh yeah. For years. Yeah. Some one of them was signed. FE Sweeney Peral nemesis.


Yeah. But was this after he had been kidnapped by Ness? Yes. So he knew ness by this time and he also didn't say like, I did it. Sure. You didn't catch me. Anything like that. I get the impression it was more like, you didn't catch the guy, you're terrible at this. Right. Everybody hates you, but it still taunting stuff. But yes, this would've been after he was kidnapped. 'cause this was up into like the forties. Yeah, that's true. And then I think to me, one of the biggest red flags pointing in the direction of Sweeney is I mentioned a near victim earlier in the episode. This was a transient, his name was Emile Renick and he was living in Cleveland in 34.


And one day he was lured into a doctor's office on the second floor along Broadway Avenue. And the doctor said, here, I'll give you some shoes and a meal. If, you come up here, fron, it goes up, eats a little bit of the meal, starts to feel lightheaded and bolts and makes it to a train car. And very wise basically passes out for three days and then later on, I think in 1938 was being interviewed after the cops here about this old Morelo goes to pick him up and they narrow down the area to 50th to 55th Streets along Broadway where Sweeney had a doctor's office. Yeah. He couldn't specifically say that was the place where it happened.


Right. And, that, that author James Badal says that he thinks he came in the back way rather than the front way where they were showing him. And, and, but he did say that's, he had an office right there, right around that area. So, and he was there at the time. So I mean that's some pretty serious circumstantial stuff. I think so. But the thing is there's no smoking gun, there's no anything that says definitively. And we probably will never have anything definitively, it says it's Francis Sweeney. Right. So we've kind of reached this point, this plateau where it's like you just basically choose a side, either you know, it's Francis Sweeney or it wasn't. And some people who say no, I don't think it was Francis Sweeney make some pretty good cases.


There were other similar murders in the area starting in the twenties and going into the fifties that that really bore a lot of resemblance to the torso murders. And then other people say, okay, I, I feel the opposite of that, where there's like, I don't think Rose Wallace was one of the victims. I think there were multiple killers doing similar-ish stuff. Maybe copycats, even And that it wasn't all just one person. There there's a, there's there's is and there's probably always going to be a lot of competing theories about what, you know, who was responsible. Yeah. The one theory that it wasn't him that I don't buy, did you say where, where he was living in Sandusky?


No, Uhuh. Alright, so here's the deal. He, Francis Sweeney was apparently enrolled or checked into the soldiers in Sailor's home in Sandusky, which I guess is an old, like a veteran's home, right? Yeah, yeah. I think, yes. So that's what it seems like. So he was checked in there and one of the reasons that people say he didn't do it was 'cause he was checked in, in this place in Sandusky, like a couple hours away. And I. I just don't buy that. They later came out and said, you know, they could come and go as they pleased he could easily have, if he didn't wanna get caught be committing these murders in Cleveland and then going back to Sandusky as well. Right? Yeah. Because he was there voluntarily.


So he would not have been watched or monitored or they wouldn't have kept tabs on him. Right. And when they figured this out, it was years later so no one would've been able to recall where he was or wasn't on a certain day, you know? Yeah. I I think it's Sweeney Do. Yeah. I think There's a, and, and not because of his picture, But there are, so there were other murders in the area that, you know, it could have still been Sweeney too. Some people connect the black Dolley a murder to it because there was a taunting note that the cops got in 1938 that said the cops can rest easy because the killers moved to sunny California. But If, you look at the Black Dahlia murder, there's really not a lot of resemblance between the two. The moss are really rather different.


So that's probably not the case. Agreed. Well, If, you wanna know more about The Cleveland? Torso Murders. There's a whole rabbit hole on the internet and in books, including one by James Badal and another by Marilyn Bardsley that you can follow and If you do. Good luck with that since I said good luck with that. It's time for listener mail. I'm gonna call this, we, we did not help out this gentleman. Okay. Hey guys, love the podcast. I've been listening for the past several years. I've almost gotten through the whole library has some left from 2018. Apparently I work as a mu, a musical instrument repair technician at a local university and independently in Greensboro, North Carolina.


So I usually listen while I work on re padding, clarinets and cleaning ot. Nice. Cool job. Anyway, I was listening to your show this evening on, on Korean fan death. Remember that? Yeah. Or we talked about it. I don't think it was all about that, but it was, It was the short stuff about it. Was it? Okay. I remember that being like a top 10 or something. Anyway, I immediately thought. Finally a way that I can find some legit reason for getting rid of the fan in our room. My fiance, Abby, loves having a fan. And that noise when you go to sleep, it's something I can deal with, but honestly I do not care for it. So when I finally got home, I told Abby, Hey, we got a serious episode of Stuff You. Should Know. We should Listen to.


I started the episode without pre-screening and trusted you guys would pull through for me. Needless to say, an interesting episode, but I did not get the confirmation bias I was looking for. Instead, we had a good laugh and a great evening. Looking forward to getting the book. I want you guys the best and looking forward to many more And that is from John Goodman. Holy cow, John Goodman, we love you in the Cohen Brothers stuff. He's, his Name's John Goodman. I'm gonna plug his business. Goodman Custom Woodwinds. If you're in the Greensboro, North Carolina area and you need that clarinet, repotted, go to John Goodman For sure. And even if you're not, it's probably worth the drive, right? I mean, where else are you gonna do it, Charlotte? I don't. Yeah, come on. Gimme a heck.


No. Well, thanks a lot John Goodman, we appreciate that. Sorry we couldn't help you out, but at least you enjoyed the episode and ultimately, isn't that what counts? Yes, If, you wanna get in touch with us like John Goodman did. You can send us an email to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.


Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. And with each innovation, a commitment to progress. And with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy-duty, half-ton Tundra, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences, and more. You'll sort to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio and yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home. To have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com.


This podcast is supported by BetterHelp, offering licensed therapists. You can connect with via video, phone, or chat. Here's BetterHelp, head of clinical operations, Hess hug Joe, discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off and you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that Could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody, there's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human, that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com today. That's better. HE p.com.