
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


You know, Lowe's knows that taking on more projects should be rewarding, and that's why loyalty members get more every day with rewards for every home or business purchase. Plus shop weekly member deals and get access to free standard shipping. So what are you waiting for? Join my Lowe's Rewards for free today. Loyalty program, subject to terms and conditions, details at lows.com/terms subject to change.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. NA member. FDIC.


Hi everybody. I picked this selection. This is Chuck by the way, of Stuff You Should Know, co-host. September 17th, 2015, we did an episode called The Great Nuclear Winter Debate of 1983. And I picked this one because I don't remember even recording it. What in the world were they debating in 1983 about the great nuclear winter? It was probably just nuclear winter. And the great refers to the debate, now that I see how it's worded, but you know what I mean? I guess I'm gonna learn right around with you 'cause I'm about to listen to it right now. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio.


Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark. There's Charles w, Chuck Bryant and Jerry's over there somewhere off in the ether, but I don't think on ether. Just in the ether. Oh man, She's trying not to breathe right now. We had a tank of Ether in here. It'd be a much different podcast. Josh and Chuck's, ether Cats. Do they put those things in tanks? Oh, I don't know. Surely. Yeah. Right. No. Is it like in the bottle still? Like the 18 hundreds? I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, I think you just have it in a little but milk bottle. You put it in a rag, put it in your face, Then go to Happy Town. Yeah, Exactly. If there's any pharmacists out there that want to set us straight, let us know how ether comes these days.


It's probably a gas. Yeah, I imagine it's not like Hunter re Thompson. I think we talked about it before in anesthesia probably. It's like Ether Gas. What a weird start. Yeah. That has nothing to do with what we're about to talk about. Yeah. I was trying to relate it, but there really is nothing. One of my favorite, favorite topics of all time. Nuclear Holocaust from the Cold War. Yeah. What we did, we did one on the Cold War, didn't we? Oh, we've done several. Yeah. We've, we've batted around this thing, but we've never done a full nuclear Holocaust podcast, have we? No. And nuclear Holocaust is, that's not quite right.


That's not the right way to put it because what we're talking about is actually the after effects from a nuclear holocaust. Isn't that the Holocaust? Well, I mean, If you wanna be a purist, the nuclear holocaust is the immediate destruction as a result of exploding nuclear bombs over like population centers And stuff. Oh, I didn't know that. I thought it was the whole kitten caboodle. I should say, if you're a purist and you wanna say it, from my opinion, that's what a nuclear holic cost is. Okay. I think we know what's going on here. Got it. Yeah. Robert Lamb wrote this stuff to blow your mind. Yeah. And I have to say, I, I said, man, way to go on that one.


That was a good one. You told him that. I did. I actually uttered those words. What'd he say? Thanks Man. That's nice. But the, the thing that gets me about nuclear winter, which we'll talk about in depth, what fascinates me about it just as much as the nuclear winner itself chuck Yeah. Is the, the controversy, the debate that, that arose from it throughout the eighties. There was a huge debate. Debate on the severity debate. Yeah. Debate on whether it was something to worry about or not. Yeah. Well, well I looked up 'cause I was like, is does anyone think that this is a myth out, an outright myth? And from what I saw in my research is that no, this is fact.


It's just a dispute. What's a dispute is the scenario and the severity of what would happen. But no one says like, no, there would be no nuclear winter. There would be no problems after a nuclear bomb Drop. So there used to be like back in, in the early eighties when this was a huge new thing. Yeah. There was a group of scientists who were hawkish very much in favor of the US building up its nuclear arsenal as much as possible and started a basically a PR letter writing campaign to discredit the science behind this and and say thought like, these guys don't know what they're talking about. So what'd they think that the bomb would drop?


And then like the next day the birds would be out. They, they, they said initially, yeah. That was kind of their position was just to poke holes in this and that it wasn't, wasn't a a, it wasn't legitimate science. Right. Yeah. It Doesn't Sound like it. And then they ultimately, the whole point was that this came from an argument over whether the US should engage in the SDI, the Strategic Defense Initiative or Star Wars. Right. Which is the lasers that shoot nukes Yeah. From space. Right? Yeah. We did a, they shoot down nukes from space. We Did a show on that, didn't We? No, we did. That was another one. Yeah. But that's what the whole thing was. It's the context of it. It was an argument over what? Over either nuclear disarmament, which Carl Sagan and his friends were in favor of Hippies Or nuclear proliferation.


Right. And the Star Wars program. War mongers. Right. The hippies versus the war mongers. But, but the weird thing is, is this debate Chuck took place in the pages of like academic journals and it ended up being a fight between science and science deniers. Yeah. It sounds like these scientists that you mentioned might have been, had their coffers full from the US government, So potentially, or private industry or something like that. Yeah. And the thing is, is they use this old chestnut where, so if you're a scientist, there's no certainty in anything you say.


Sure. It can always be disproven. Remember we talked about this in the scientific method episode. Yeah. All your stuff can be disproven ultimately, which is why it's just a theory. Yeah. So no science is gonna be like, this is a hundred percent certain. Right? Well these other scientists who are poking holes in it would point out these guys aren't even certain, which means that there's, there's disagreement over whether we'll have a nuclear winner or not. So they were being very disingenuous in poking holes in it by saying, these scientists aren't even certain in their findings. Well, no scientist is certain in their findings that's so dangerous. But to the public you think, oh, well these scientists can't say that they're certain so that they must not know what they're talking about.


For Sure. That's dangerous. That's why we're at three minutes to midnight on the doomsday clock. That's exactly right. Because some people might say, well, you're not certain, so let's just not act fast enough. Yeah, man. And I should say also, Chuck, we should prepare for a lot of listener mail because this is a conservative flashpoint nuclear winner is longstanding one. Oh yeah. Yeah. Great. Sounds good. Let's talk about this. All right. Well, Robert starts where most people should start when talking about nuclear winner. And that's in the atmosphere. It's a very finely tuned system. We have, I, I wanna say it's like homeostasis, but it's not people.


So I guess it's like an eco stasis where the sun, just enough sun gets through to make things, make the earth habitable and proliferate with plants and water and humans and animals and all kinds of great stuff. Right. Too much sun, even by a little bit could be catastrophic and too little sun. But even by a little bit could be catastrophic. Right. So we've, thanks to humans, we've struck a great balance here with the sun. A great deal is Made and you can shine to sunshine. Too much sun. Yeah. And it's working out awesome. The idea of nuclear winter is that there would be enough ash from or and smoke.


It's really not the fallout from the nuclear bombs themselves. From what I understand, it's more the smoke from the resulting fires. Right. That would cause the blacking out of the sky and the sun not getting through. It's actually all of it. Yeah. But everything I read across the board said it's almost 100% the smoke that Right. That goes on. Yes, It's true. Yeah. I mean you, you, you shouldn't negate the idea that like nuclear radiation poisoning is going to kill a lot of people. Oh yeah. As a result. But The blacking out of the skies is due to the smoke from fire. Exactly. From the bomb that happened. Right. So this whole thing, the context of it again, comes from the the seventies, right Chuck?


Yeah. In eighties The, yeah. And, and back in, I think the 1975 A, a group issued a statement that said, you know, there probably wouldn't be that big of a fallout from nuclear explosions. A few years after that, another group, I think that the first group was the National Academy of Scientists. Another group said, you know what? We don't think that's exactly true. We think that there probably is some sort of, there will be something, but our models are too primitive. Yeah. To say for certain what the fallout would be. Sure. Few years after that, Carl Sagan and his crew got together and said, no, there's going to be serious consequences.


And here's what they are. Billions of lives lost. Billions and billions. Right. And one of the things they base this on, this idea on that If you spew a bunch of smoke or particulate matter into the atmosphere, that it'll have a negative influence on the the global climate. Oh yeah. Is past history from volcanic eruptions? Yes. Most noted. Well, there are a few over the years, but one of the notable ones in 1883 at the time, then the dust Dutch East Indies now Indonesia, krakatoa, that volcano was massive to the tune of 36,000 deaths just from the volcano.


And this is in Krakatoa in 1883. Yeah. There's only like 10 people there. Somehow. It's not like it was super populated. Right. And two thirds of krakatoa collapsed. The smoke rose up and warmed the global temperature global by 2.2 degrees Fahrenheit. It took, I think it No, it lowered it. Yeah. Lowered, sorry. Yeah. It took five years for temperatures to return to normal and it affected, this was in Indonesia and it actually they think increased the rainfall in Los Angeles by more than double that next year. Wow. That's in LA in southern California.


So that was the Reca Toa blast from 1883. Right? Yeah. And that it literally changed the color of the sky for like years afterward the sky was red. Such that they think, you know the scream, the painting, the scream. Oh yeah. Munch. Yeah. The red sky. They think that's, that was like the way the sky looked was because of this volcano. That Is so neat. Yeah. Isn't that crazy? That guy was like, that volcano is crazy. Maybe. So that's what the man is saying. And that's just one of them. What was the other one in Mount Mount Tambora? Yeah. Indonesia once again. Yeah. Indonesia's got bad luck with the volcanoes back in the 19th century, man. And this was actually earlier in 1815. Yeah. I remember learning about this when I was a kid.


'cause Ohio got it really bad. A volcano went off in Indonesia in 1815. And the following year, much of the United States did not have a summer. It was actually called the year without a summer. And Ohio was affected. Yes. Oh, Wow. Yeah. Well, yeah, there was like snow on the ground in the middle of July. Did you learn that in state history class? Yeah, I did. I remember that. Yeah. Yeah. Georgia State history that that was like a full course at our school. Yeah. Half of it was just sitting around with the teacher, like staring off into the distance. Right. I remember ours was just like a lot of talk about Crawford Long and the Civil War, Stuff like that. We didn't talk about Crawford Long in ours.


No. 'cause he wasn't from Georgia. We talked about Anthony Wayne. Yeah. The battle of fallen Timbers. Yeah. What else? Well, that summer without a winner, you're without a summer. I mean, and then there's some like canals and locks that donkeys used to pull barges on. Yeah. I just remember Crawford Long in a lot of racism. Yeah. Basically. Yep. Georgia history. That's right. So that was Mount Tim Bora. The year without summer. There have been other events like when the oil fields burned during the, during the war in the early nineties. Yeah. Apparently Carl Sagan predicted a, basically a nuclear winner from that.


Yeah. That's, it Didn't pan Out. Yeah. That's where they take some flack was it was not nearly as bad the fallout from nut smoke as Sagan predicted. No, But what can he do? But predict you're gonna be wrong Occasionally. Yeah. You surely you're gonna be wrong. It doesn't mean you should be like, oh well that smoke didn't do much, so let's start building nuclear bombs again. Yeah. Well that's the whole thing, Chuck. I am so glad you said that because that's the whole mad thing to this argument. Yeah. Because it's like, what? What are you arguing in favor for? If you're arguing against the idea of nuclear Nuclear, what precisely are you arguing for?


Yeah. Like it won't be that bad. We'll Talk a little bit more about it, like later on in the show, what some people have argued about. But it seems like what you say, ultimately you're arguing in favor of more nuclear weapons. That seems wrongheaded by definition to me. Well, Not even just that, but using them won't be as bad as you say. Right? Like, not just have them, but, well, the fallout wouldn't be as bad as they all predict. So use 'em. You almost get the impression like they're just like, whoa, whoa. Let's just find out. Let's just shoot a couple off and find out what happens. Come on, you'll see 'em. Right. And then as they die from smoke inhalation, they say it was wrong. What have I done?


Oh goodness. Let's take a break. Alright, let's do, and we'll come back and we'll talk a little bit more about the nuclear winner


This July 4th. Celebrate freedom from spills, stains, and overpriced furniture with Anna Bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas started at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bay's pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces. You can rearrange any time. It's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off sitewide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees. Every penny back. Declare independence from dirty, outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Hey everybody. Stuff You Should Know today is sponsored by Liquid iv. And I gotta tell you, it's peak hydration season. And Liquid IV is a perfect companion for your hottest summer plans. I love the Liquid iv. It's super easy and convenient. You just tear it, you pour it some water, you mix it up and it tastes really great and hydrates You. Yeah. It's also exhilarating 'cause they've just launched an exhilarating new flavor Chuck called Arctic Raspberry. And Liquid IV has sugar free options powered by UV Hydroscience for smart hydration. That's right. Just one stick in 16 ounces of water is gonna hydrate better than water alone. And it also has three times the electrolytes of the leading sports drink. Yeah. It's an optimized ratio of electrolytes, essential vitamins, and clinically tested nutrients that turn ordinary water into extraordinary hydration. So no matter what your summer brings, tear pour, live more. Go to liquid iv.com and get 20% off your first order with code stuff at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with code stuff@liquidiv.com.


Hey, everybody summer's here and we're all chasing something, a break, a goal, a vibe or whatever it is. Let's not let bad socks and blisters ruin it. That's right. We're talking about Bombas of course, because Bombas make socks that keep up with whatever your summer looks like, whether you're running a marathon or just a few errands. Yeah. You know that song that makes you want to go fast when you're running BAA's, running socks are like that. They wick sweat help you keep cool and they fight blisters and such as running. They make specialized pairs for hiking, tennis, golf, whatever you're into. They've got fresh white tees you barely have to break in. They've got waterproof slides for the beach backyard and everywhere in between. And buttery soft sweat wicking underwear. That feels barely there. Yeah. And I know we're both fans, so those no CM socks because they actually stay put on that ankle. So head on over to bombas.com/s yk and use code SYSK for 20% off your first purchase. That's BOM bs.com/s yk code SY sk at checkout


Learning. I said nuclear Ingest, but I know I heard before the break. That was good stuff. All right. I just wanna point that out 'cause some people might think it was serious. No. And now that you said it was ingest, some people are like, what a jerk. Maybe That man was my hero. I, I posted something on Facebook the other day that said, you're silencing wrong as a joke. And people called me out, they're like, can't use science as a verb. Like, man, I thought in the remember century you could use like everything as a verb. Yeah, that's true. Yeah.


People have gotten extremely serious. Extremely selfer. I'm a not selfer person, so I don't fit in in today's world. I You're a relic. Yeah. You're an old dinosaur. Just a stupid laughing dinosaur. Speaking of dinosaurs. Yeah. What, Well, I guess we should talk about the KT boundary extinction event, which was, some people, some in science have theorized that that's what happened to the dinosaurs was there was an impact winter not quite the same as a nuclear winter, but the same effect as a nuclear winter due to the impact of an asteroid. That's right. And that would've happened at the border of the Cretaceous and tertiary periods again when the dinosaurs all died off.


Still inexplicably, there's no, there's no definitive answer. Again, though we're talking science, no one Found a journal. Right. Buried Amber. Dear diary, today, something is streaking through the sky and it's making everyone nervous. It's very hot now, but I noticed the dinosaurs are dying, so that's good. Oh, this is a dinosaur writing in my opinion. Oh. Oh. So that's bad. Right, Right. Okay, so let's talk nuclear winner. Right. You, you, you kind of said it earlier, but the whole idea behind nuclear winner is that If you shoot off nuclear bombs, especially a bunch of 'em.


Yeah. And you have to understand at the time that these scientists were really starting to debate this, there were like 70,000 nuclear warheads, like many, many times more nuclear warheads in existence in like the early eighties than there were today. Yeah. And when they started debating them, they really took up this cause because the Reagan administration was saying, we need the Star Wars program because we can, we can prevent almost with, you know, 90% certainty a, a Soviet nuclear attack Right. With laser guns.


Exactly. And so the scientists who were concerned, scientists basically anti-nuke scientists said, wait a minute, there's something that you guys aren't thinking through here. If you do that, the Soviets are gonna say, well, wait a minute, if this thing is 90% effective, then we need to build up our nuclear arsenal so that when we shoot everything we got at them. Yeah. Still that 10% will totally annihilate the United States that the presence of the Star Wars program was going to, to, to put the nuclear arms race into even higher gear than it already was. Yeah. So they very much took it upon themselves to, to tackle this with science, but also publicize it and sell it to the public.


And it's that that stuck in the cr of a lot of other scientists Yeah. But particularly scientists who were in favor of nuclear proliferation as a matter of, of national defense. That's right. The point of it is, when they tackled this, they said, here's the big problem with it. If you shoot off a bunch of nuclear bombs, a lot, a lot, a lot of nuclear bombs, which could totally go off as far as the nuclear war is concerned. Yeah. It's going to cause a lot of smoke to enter the atmosphere. And that is where this domino effect is going to create this global catastrophe. And the whole outcome of it is based on the number of nukes that you shoot off.


Right. Which is basically what Carl Sagan and his buddy Richard Turko divided the different types of nuclear winter into. That's Right. Mr. Sagan and Mr. Turko, are they doctors? Let's just call everyone a doctor. Well, yeah, he was, Carl Sagan was a doctor of Astro chemistry, I believe. Yeah. And Richard Turko is, he's A veterinarian. I Can't remember what he was. They wrote a book called A Path where No Man Thought A Path Where No Man Thought. Right. And it seemed like there would be one more word there. And they have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 scenarios for what a nuclear winter might look like.


Ranging from minimal to extreme and minimal best case scenario, which is just a little bit of a nuclear attack. Not many bombs going off. Yeah. Maybe like let's say Hiroshima or Nagasaki. Okay. Which we'll talk about more. Those Were like, like 2021 kilotons. Yeah. That means that there would be minimal cloud cover, not much environmental impact globally. And the targeted areas would be wiped out of course. But the world itself would not have big consequences. Right. Atmospherically. So If you are talking a nuclear war, especially a Cold War nuclear war, that was a fairly unlikely scenario.


Yeah. By the time this, the, the early 1980s rolled around and people started talking about the, the concept of a nuclear winner, those like Hiroshima and Nagasaki level nuclear bombs Yeah. Were like attached to the average fighter jet. Yeah. They were considered like just tactical. Like you, you just could shoot 'em off on a battlefield If you needed to. Yeah. So the idea that it would just amount to that Is unlikely. Yeah. It was. But They were being nice. That's the best case scenario. They're trying to cover all avenues here. Yes. Number two is marginal. And that's a few detonations again in the northern hemisphere. And they said it would lower the temperature by a few degrees and there would be some crops in some agriculture that suffered and probably some famine.


Yeah. But it would not Oh, black rain of course. Which Yeah. Who owns that did Happen in Hiroshima. Yes. They drank it you and died from drinking It have to go. Yes. 'cause it was radioactive rain. Yeah. But they drank it because they were thirsty because they had no water. Yes. It's devastating. You and everyone should have to go to the city of Hiroshima. Like it is amazing what they've done to, to preserve what happened there. Oh, I'm sure. As like a teaching lesson for everyone. Yeah. It's really moving. We Should have one of those here. We should instead people are like, yeah, Japan forced the US to drop the bomb.


It's fact. Right. Which is not correct. Right. So black rain would happen in that marginal scenario. Man, this is a really political episode, isn't it? I think anytime you tackle nuclear war, it's gonna be divisive. Yeah. Because some people think it's awesome. Nuke, the whales got a nuke something, Things below the equator in that scenario in the southern hemisphere would be just fine. So here's something that I found really interesting and wrong in this analysis of it. Sagan, I guess he was strictly talking about atmospheric effects. Yeah. But he mentions like famine and stuff like that. The, the thing is that Would have a global effect for sure.


Yeah. The rest of the world depends in large part on North American wheat and corn. Yeah. So if there's a nuclear fallout in North America that affects our crop yields dramatically and causes famine in the US, it's gonna cause famine elsewhere too. Oh yeah. Yeah. I think what he's saying is as far as Climatologically speaking Yeah. What he and Turko are saying is, as long as you're not shooting off nuclear bombs in the southern hemisphere, it's gonna climatologically speaking be unaffected. Right. Or largely unaffected because the wind goes down to the equator and then back up. Yeah. Like the equator separates the hemispheres as far as the atmosphere is concerned. Yeah, totally.


There would still be global troubles. Yes. But in reading all these scenarios, it made me really wanna move to Australia. Well, that's another thing too. How many people would be like, I need to get out of the United States, so I'm moving down to Mexico, or I'm moving down to Brazil, or I'm moving down to Australia. And then the infrastructure in those countries Yeah. Are just super stressed because the northern hemisphere that survived is suddenly moving down to the southern hemisphere. Yeah. I don't know. It's another widespread effect. Mexico would help you too much though. Well, weren't they like super helpful in Independence Day? Was it independence day or the morning or No, the, the day after tomorrow everybody starts having to move south because North America's just frozen ice sheet.


Yeah. But I just mean as far as, you'd have to go pretty far south, further south than Mexico If you want to escape the atmospheric fallout. Oh, you're right. So Ecuador. Yeah. Like what is it like half of Africa and South America or in the southern hemisphere? Yeah. Yeah. True. Probably not half. Yeah. So roughly the northern hemisphere would show up at the southern hemisphere's doorstep be like Christmas in July. We'll get used to it. That's right. Your drain goes the other way when you release the water from the tub. Yeah. Needo. And I know Christmas doesn't fall in July. It was a metaphorical statement everywhere. Yeah. I Get you nominal nuclear winner winners number three.


That is what they consider the low end, full scale nuclear war. Right. But still full scale, 6,000 to 12,000 nuclear weapons. That's all just six to 12,000 nuclear bombs. Right. And we're talking a megaton or more bombs. And a megaton was I think 50 Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombs combined. Wow. So 12,000 times 50 of those for this kind of nominal nuclear war. Yeah, That's a lot of zeroes. Yeah. They predicted noon sunlight would be about a third of what it was. Global temperature drops of 18 degrees.


That's bad news, my friend. It would destroy a lot of the ozone layer. And again, the southern hemisphere wouldn't experience major climactic change To cut to the southern hemisphere. They're all at the beach. There's like, yeah. Tropical music playing, but They have no wheat. Right. Who needs wheat when you got rum drinks? Oh, that's a T-shirt. Josh Clark said that one. Yeah. Number four, substantial. That is full scale nuclear war. Freezing temperatures, big time fallout. The whole day would be like, it's overcast. Yeah. Billions of humans dead Billions.


Billions and billions species going extinct. And finally possible damage to the southern hemisphere Finally. Possibly. Right. And then the last two we can just bunch together, I think severe and extreme, less than 1% of the sunlight getting through for months and months on end. Global temperature dropping, no photosynthesis happening. Right. Every crop dying, all life perishing. Let's just go ahead and wrap it up right there. Yeah. As Robert puts it, most of the planet's life would perish within the chili confines of this black atmospheric tomb.


Yeah. He's got a little lovecraft in him, doesn't he? He Does this unnameable tomb. Yeah. Chuckers. Let's take another break and then we will come back and talk about the fallout from nuclear winter theory


This July 4th. Celebrate freedom from spills, stains, and overpriced furniture with an bay. The only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly pricing sofas start at just $699, making it the perfect time to upgrade your space. Anna Bays pet friendly, stain resistant and interchangeable. Slip covers are made with high performance fabric that's built for real life. You'll love the cloud-like comfort of hypoallergenic high resilience foam that never needs fluffing. And a durable steel frame that stands the test of time with modular pieces. You can rearrange any time. It's a sofa that adapts to your life. Now through July 4th, get up to 60% off site wide@washablesofas.com. Every order comes with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping, no restocking fees. Every penny back. Declare independence from dirty, outdated furniture. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV four, and even the hot news super. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today. And tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelly blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway now through June 26. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Kraft mac and cheese, SIUs energy drinks, Quaker chewy bars and sparkling ice flavored water. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability. Restric and supply. Visit safeway.com for more details Learning.


So like we said, Carl Sagan and his friends got together and basically took it un upon themselves to educate the public about the potential catastrophe that could happen as a result of nuclear war. Everybody before was like, yeah, that would really suck to be in a city that a nuclear bomb went off on. Yeah. But maybe it wouldn't be my city. I live in Schenectady, New York, no One's gonna bomb Schenectady, so I'm probably gonna be okay. These guys said, Hey, Western civilization, not just in the US but also the USSR.


That's not necessarily the case. You too will be affected. There's gonna be big problems after this after a nuclear war. Yeah. So much so that let's make sure that our leaders never do this. Right. Wake up basically is what they were doing. And so Sagan and his friends created a paper and it's now called the TT taps paper after all of their names. Right. Turko tune, Ackerman Pollock and Sagan. Okay. And they wrote this paper and had it published in science, the preeminent scientific journal in the United States. Yeah. It was a big deal. Yeah. The, they also held a very well publicized conference. And Carl Sagan, apparently without the the group's knowledge or blessing went off and also wrote a piece in Parade Magazine.


Oh wow. Yeah. To make sure that every Dick and Jane in the US knew about this. Sure. It was like a three page article about the, the nuclear winner, which is a new term at the time, complete with illustrations where like the, the earth was like this dead lifeless, what's called like a, a gray chalk billiard ball, basically. Yeah. Just really scary stuff. Sure. And then he also simultaneously wrote another longer piece that was in foreign affairs that's a little more wonky. So Sagan went off after writing this, this scientific paper and publicized it to policy makers and to the American public. Yeah. This is the early 1980s And yes, this is 1983.


And you, this was before all the science was in, this is from the first paper. Yeah. Before the first paper's conference was even held. Right. Yeah. And a lot of people, including people who were on his side about this issue, were really mad at him because it opened up the, this group and the whole idea of nuclear winner to allegations that they were fear-mongering. Yeah. And that they were basically trying to sell the public on science, which is, you know, that's not what science does, right? Yes. Pure science is about research and coming up with facts and whether they're popular or unpopular, it doesn't matter. Science is science and fact is fact. Right? Yeah. A good theory is a good theory, but these guys again were concerned that something really, really bad could happen.


And they went to the trouble of taking it upon themselves to advertise it to the public. But again, second, going off and doing this, it really opened them up for a lot of allegations and debate that took place afterward. Yeah. But some say that the, their work and the TT taps report actually did help cool things down in the Cold War a little bit. Yeah. And I mean, it wasn't just these American scientists. They worked with Soviet scientists as well, and apparently sometimes it went good. Sometimes it didn't go so well. But their both sides were working on this issue. And the fact that it got so much publicity actually created a firestorm, a back and forth Yeah. In the scientific community. And this issue ended up getting really well studied.


Yeah, it did. And seven years later they were revised the report in 1990 and it had new, more modernized data and it wasn't quite as dire, which some critics were like, all right, that's, this is a little more reasonable. Yes. They revised it to call it the nuclear autumn. Yeah. And everyone loves autumn. Yeah. Autumn's great Autumn all the time. That'd be wonderful. Oh man, that would be wonderful. That'd be Chuck's world. And they, there are disagreements over that still, and they basically, there's a few four variables that are always the factors that are the unknowns. And it's really, they're all, to me, kind of one four versions of the same variable, which is we don't know how much smoke there would be.


Yes. We just don't know. And number one is how much material is there to burn? So the idea is you drop a bomb on a city, a nuclear bomb, and everything catches on fire and that creates tremendous amounts of smoke. But since these are all theoretical and you don't know what would happen If you dropped something the size on like, let's say a major city like New York, they're like, what would be there to burn? Like we just don't know. Well that's, That's, yeah. So If you dropped it on a city, is it an old city that's, that isn't super modern Sure. And therefore isn't built out of like lots of plastic that can get into the atmosphere and really mess things up. Yeah. Like the really bad stuff.


Yeah. If it's an old city, maybe the burning wouldn't be so bad even after a nuclear holocaust. Or maybe you're not shooting nuclear bombs to cities, but to other nuclear installations that are out in the middle of like nowhere in Nebraska. Right. 'cause We have, I mean we've, there's been like 2000 nuclear bombs detonated, but they only two on cities. Right, exactly. So everything else has been out over the ocean or out in the middle of nowhere and there's been no fire. Right. The assumption is, is that though, If you shot a nuclear bomb at a, at a modern city, a lot of really toxic smoke would be produced. Oh yeah. That's probably the worst case scenario in both the immediate nuclear holocaust.


Yeah. And the, the fallout, the nuclear winter as a result because of all the smoke that would be created. I mean, look at the fallout from nine 11 and that was two buildings. Right. You know? Yeah. The second variable is how much would remain in the atmosphere and then how much goes back to the earth. They No idea. Yeah. No one really knows that at all. How much sunlight would be deflected. Yeah. Again, just theorizing And you can go back and plug in these numbers. Yeah. The problem is if you're a detractor of nuclear winter theory, you would say that's a guess. Right. Where'd you get that number? Yeah. You know, and you could take every number and come up with a different model for each one. They usually don't do that.


But even still it's like, which one's going to be the one? And again, it goes back to how much smoke would there be to begin with. Right. Yeah. And then finally, when did it happen? If it was actually in winter, perhaps it's not so bad. Yeah. Nuclear winter in winter, ironically is the best case scenario. The best Case scenario of the bad scenarios. Right. So they, they did initially back off of their findings, they said that it was, there could initially be like a 35 to 40 degree drop in global temperatures. It's Celsius. Yeah. So we're talking like 70 degrees, 72 degrees Fahrenheit, drop in in temperatures.


So About And that's for a full on nuclear war. Yeah, yeah. Yes. Later on as they revise their findings and more, again, more, more and more scientists got involved and studied this issue, they came upon what seemed to be a consensus that you could probably count on something like a 15 degree Celsius drop in global temperatures, which would be substantial and could still have widespread effects. Right. Yeah. So this, from this debate, nuclear winter kind of got settled on. There was a scientific consensus that came about and there was also consensus that not only would there be huge problems inland, there would be ocean oceanic problems as well.


Yeah. Because one of the things, one of the great casualties of detonating nuclear bombs is the ozone layer. Yeah. The, the fireball from the blast burns up nitrogen converting it to nitrogen oxide. Nitrogen oxide just punches holes, basically chemically burns the ozone layer. Yeah. So then when all that smoke that's acting as like a, an umbrella that's blocking out the sunlight falls back to earth, all that particulate matter falls back to earth and is radioactive by the way. Yeah. Now the sunlight that does come through is way hotter and has way more UV light Yeah. Than it had before the nuclear bombs went off the problem. 'cause we had our little delicate balance that's now disrupted.


Exactly. Yeah. The problem with that for the oceans is that that UV light would likely be too intense for phytoplankton at the ocean surface. Yeah. Well that is the keystone species for the ocean aquatic environments. The ecosystems all start with phytoplankton, zooplankton feed on phytoplankton little fish feed on zooplankton, larger fish, feed on little fish and so on and so on until if so, If you get rid of the the phytoplankton, you're in big trouble. Big trouble. So there would be huge ramifications. And science came to a consensus on this. But again, it was attacked very early on by nuclear proliferation hawks as basically being against the interests of United States national security.


Right. And then later on it continued to be attacked. It became a a, a customary traditional flashpoint among conservatives as a great example of the links that hippie environmental scientists will go to, to, to dupe the American public into being scared Right. About nuclear bombs and, and just nuclear stuff in general. Like Michael Cretin famously attacked it in a 2003 speech. Yeah. And he, his whole thing, he, he was very famously a climate denier. He was a climate skeptic until his death, as far as I know. Was he dead? Yeah. Yeah.


And, and he wrote some great books, but he was also like contrarian by nature is what he said as well. But I get the impression that he tended to land on the more conservative anti-environmental side. Oh yeah. And on this case, he also attacked the nuclear winner as well. And what he accused these guys of doing is, is creating science by consensus. Right. Yeah. That to me is, that's just like a one two sucker punch. So the initial scientist that that challenged nuclear winner said, you guys can't even agree. There's no consensus. Like you can't be certain in what you're saying, so therefore we don't need to take you seriously.


So they said, okay, you know what, we're gonna get all these scientists around the world together to study this issue and we're gonna come to a consensus. And when they did years later, guys like Michael Kreon said, you guys are practicing science by consensus and politicizing science. Right. It's not real science. So it was like they were very much damned if they did and damned if they didn't. And ultimately you just have to kind of decide is is it worth the risk? Maybe we can't save for certain. Yeah. And at the time you couldn't save for certain. What's cool is that some of these same climate scientists are still at work and they have come up with fairly recent models using very sophisticated climate models compared to the stuff they were using back in the eighties and even the nineties.


Yeah. The stuff they're using now says, actually we think nuclear winter might be worse than was initially predicted. Yeah. And even if it's not a full scale nuclear war, I think the worry, there's not as much worry these days for something like that. What the worry is now is that some rogue nation gets a hold of one or maybe even not a rogue nation, just Indian Pakistan drop a couple of nuclear bombs. Well that's the model. And like that is entirely possible. I think a one megaton detonation is what they, they did this model on and it was, it had a substantial effect. Yeah. They said 10 years of smoke clouds and a three year temperature drop of about 2.25 degrees Fahrenheit, which Doesn't sound like much, but If you go back and you read the, the, that scientist study, his executive summary of the study, he, he points out that that kind of drop ultimately equals a shortened growing season by 10 to 20 days.


Yeah. And that last 10 to 20 days makes or breaks a crop. Like that means you can either harvest it or it dies before it matures and can be harvested. And so even just a couple of degrees can lead to, to widespread crop failure. Yeah. But this is just, if India and Pakistan shoot 50 bombs at one another Right. In a regional war, yeah. It could have that effect around the world. So we mentioned Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Those are the only places we can look. But like we pointed out, the bombs were so different back then, it's not the best comparison. But as far as looking at what kind of fires could happen, you can't tell a whole lot in Hiroshima, there were more fires than in Nagasaki just 'cause of the way the geography is in the two cities.


But in neither case did they see a ton of secondary fires. Like it wasn't blacking out the sky. Right. There was, there was black rain, but apparently, you know, like a week later most of that stuff had had cleared up. But again, that is, you can't even really compare the two No, It's a, a single 21 kiloton bomb. Yeah, exactly. We're talking a a 50 of those going off in the same area. But that report that you mentioned on just like if Indian Pakistan, well how mu was it 10 megatons 50 50 or No, it was one megaton.


So 50 of the Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombs. Well it was enough to cause the atomic scientists Science and Security Board to move the doomsday clock two minutes closer to midnight. Yeah. And the doomsday clock is, some people say it's good science, some people say they're fear mongering. But what it is is it is, it's a design that basically says here's how close we are to destroying ourselves as a civilization. And there are a lot of factors that go into it, like biotechnology or cyber technology. But the main two are obviously nuclear weapons and climate change.


Right. Are the two main things that factor into where the doomsday clock sits. And I think in the 1950s they've only changed it how many times? 18 times since it was created. 1947. Have they changed the hands on the clock in the 1950s? It was at two minutes till midnight in the early 1950s. The best, I think it's been in the early nineties, was 17 minutes till midnight. Oh, nice. Yeah. That doesn't that feel good? Yeah. That's a lot of time. What are we at right now? Right now we are the closest we've been since 1983. And on January 22nd of this year it was changed to three minutes till midnight.


Huh. Is where they sit and they, they have a big, had a big press release. And I'll just read the opening and closing paragraphs. The opening paragraph in 2015, unchecked climate change, global nuclear weapon modernizations and outsized nuclear weapons arsenals pose, extraordinary and undeniable threats to the continued existence of humanity. And world leaders have failed to act with the speed or on the scale required to protect citizens from potential catastrophe. These failures of political leadership endanger every person on earth. And then the final paragraph and there's lots of fun stuff in between. Yeah. Just like fart jokes and stuff. And then they close with, in 2015 with the clock in move forward to three minutes to midnight, the board feels compelled to add with a sense of great urgency.


The probability of global catastrophe is very high and the actions needed to reduce the risks of disaster must be taken very soon. They don't mess around. No. And even though that we've, we had been doing a good job of reducing the amount of warheads between the United States and Russia, but things have slowed to a snails pace Now, from 2009 to 2013, Obama cut only 309 warheads from the stockpile. And they're basically saying, we're not doing this as fast as we need to. Yeah. Like we need to act now. Yeah. Well there's other people who are saying we need to rebuild our nuclear arsenal because it's aging and rotting and we'll be useless by 2020 to 2030.


How Are we gonna drop nuclear bombs on people in the future? Right. There's a, it's weird, like some people are trying to reignite the Cold War. Well, Trust me, I don't, on both sides I don't agree with it, but I, I know that most of those people aren't saying, Hey, so we can bomb people. It's so we can keep each other in check. Yes. Which was the Cold War. We could also just all over again get rid of nuclear bombs entirely. We could do that. And you know, Sagan's whole thing I should say, and it's funny that he's kind of like the villain of this whole thing of the whole nuclear winter debate. 'cause he's such a revered figure. Sure. Such a great guy. But he really, I purposefully made some serious missteps as far as publicizing the results went before they were fully in.


But his whole thing was, and If you read his foreign policy thing, his article, it's really, really good. It's not too obtuse. So like, it's kind of fun to read, but it's called Nuclear War and Climactic Catastrophe, some policy implications. And he says like, we don't know, you know what the, what the right answer is, we don't know if it's entirely possible that nuclear winner, maybe our ideas are overblown or whatever. But he says, I'm not willing to take the chance. Right. Why should we take the chance? So his Whole, that's, that's my thing. It's like why risk it? Right. So his solution is how about this USS and USSR, how about you deescalate the arms race de proliferate until you get down to a threshold that science has said, okay, nuclear winner probably couldn't happen beyond this payload.


Right? Yeah. So even if all the nuclear bombs in the world at this lower number were set off, we still wouldn't go into nuclear winter. Right. But you guys can take out all of your major city centers and still fight your nuclear war, but the rest of the world won't, won't be destroyed by it. Yeah. That was his solution and no one took 'em up on it. I've never understood, I don't know man. We'll we'll do one on climate change at some point too, but I've never understood why people, and I get that economics play a factor, but why risking the future of mankind for your ancestors to follow is worth it. A lot of it is fear. Like a lot of these people who have over the last decades, you know, pushed for that kind of thing.


Like fear that, you know, the US will be caught with his pants down, like genuinely feared the Soviet Union and like their heart was in it like that. But I mean if it, it's fascinating to me this whole like basically secret publicity war that's been going that went on throughout the 20th and it's well into the 21st centuries. Yeah. There's a book again. I think I mentioned it called Merchants of Doubt. Oh yeah. I think everybody should read So good. Yeah. And you know what? Save your emails to me because you can still think what you want to think. Yeah, I just, I just personally don't get it. I'm not gonna throw stones at you and say you're wrong. I probably should, but I won't because it's not nice to throw stones.


It isn't. Chuck, are you good? I'm great. If you wanna know more about Nuclear Winner, you can read this fine article written by Robert Lamb by typing nuclear winner in the search bar@howstuffworks.com. Since I said search bar, it's time for listener menu. Oh no my friend. It's time for Administrative. All right. This is the time that we all know and love. When Josh and I read out and say thanks, we give thanks. We should call this Thanksgiving and not administrative details.


Oh, okay. You Ready? No, no, that's okay. 'cause Administrative details is such a weird name. This is long ago. It's meant to be. So this is when we thank people for the, for the very kind gifts that they have sent us over the months. And dude, I think this goes back all the way to January for me. Oh Man. I've got one for Christmas Cookies to Mona Coine and Grandma Coine. I think we always say her name wrong by the Way. No, I think she corrected us and said it was like Valentine. Oh right. So I think I'm saying it right man. Mona's gonna be so Mad at me Coe. All right. Is the administrative detail music playing? Sounds like it. Great. Can't You hear that? I'll get it started with Richard sent us a guide to the round things of the solar system.


Very fun. Very nice. Yes, I remember that. Yes. Blair sent us a plugin key holder. You come home, plug your key chain in and you never forget it. It's pretty awesome actually. You can get 'em on Amazon Electric socket unplugged chain holder search for that. It'll bring it up. That's right. I got a postcard, very nice postcard from Jean Pierre Bon Asco and Stephanie Crick from Port Laroy and Arctica. Nice. And it's worth saying again, thank you to Mona Coine and Grandma Linine for our Christmas cookies. We look forward to them again this year. Yes, we certainly do. Oh, we've gotten Noot homemade noot from Kristen Ferguson again. Okay. It's so delicious. I am Hooked on that stuff.


It's great. It is. She You can find her at Solace sweets Man. It is so good. Yeah, Kristen's been sending us this homemade noot for years and I was always like homemade noot. I don't know about that. And then I put it in my mouth. It's amazing stuff. It's really good. I know. And then we also got some sweets from Dude Sweet Chocolate outta Texas. I think they might be outta Dallas. They made a, like they sent us really great chocolates, but they also make these incredible marshmallows too. They made a sweet potato marshmallow. Wow. And dudes at Dude Sweet Chocolate. Thank you for those. They were amazing. Yumi was crazy for those marshmallows like I am for the new get. That was quite the bounty. I remember that. Yep. As always, every Christmas our buddy Aaron Cooper in Kansas sends us great printouts of these great photoshops that he does of us that he puts online and Yeah, you can see 'em on internet roundup.


Yeah. We even got t-shirts this year of Shea Gava, Josh and Chuck. So Coop, you're the best. You Know that. Yeah, that is true. Coop Mark Allen and the Trade Monkey team sent us some beautiful jewelry made by female artisans in Southeast Asia and traded fairly awesome. That's the key. Our buddy Van Ostrin sent us a book. Which one? Which book? Well He's always sending us stuff. So he is, I honestly can't even remember which book, but we have like boxes full of things that he Sent. He sent us a CD of the Shags philosophy of the world. You know what's known as the worst album ever recorded? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, got at my desk. That's His sense of humor. The problem is my computer doesn't have a CD drive any longer.


Have you noticed that it's gone. No. Yeah. Computers don't have those any longer. Try to find it on my computer. I defy you. I was like, what's that little slot? And you're like, that's where the tissues come out. Right? It's the coffee cup holder. Our buddies from Venice is sinking band sent us a LP Sand and lines and a cd. What we do is secret and there are our friends from Athens. Yep. Georgia. Huge. Huge thanks to Hillary Loza who has sent us a lot of cheese over the last year. Yeah. Some of the best cheese. Flathead Lake cheese. Yeah. Montana. Which like they make a hoppy guta that's to die for.


It Is very Gooda, Flathead Lake cheese. And she sent us some awesome t-shirts that say mouthfeel on them. Yeah. Based on our bar episode. She's the best. She and her husband Mike have been big time fans. They're very active on our Facebook page. And they like drove to Seattle for our show. From Montana. From Montana. Yeah. She's a Teacher. Yep. And they sent Yumi and Emily earrings. So thanks for that from all of us. Yeah, that's right. Jerry got nothing. Tommy Lure, Tommy Luck, rich Lure Lu Rich. He sent us a nice letter. The man whose last name you say four times. Well he's the guy, he's walking from Seattle to New York City. And If you wanna follow this, I don't, he might be there by now.


Tommy walks.tumblr.com. You can check that out. Okay. Huge, huge thanks from me personally. Dolores Snow, who, I don't know If you remember when we did the Hot Wheels episode. Boy do I, I said that the, the Hot Wheels I would love to have was this like, like station wagon camper that said Good time camper on it. Oh, I remember she mailed it to me. That's pretty Remarkable. Yeah. So thank you very much. Laura Snow, that was very nice of you. Yeah. If anyone's listening, my favorite hot wheel was the one that had a thousand dollars stuffed in the body of the car. That's A good One. Stephan, Stephan Bram. He sent us some currency bank notes. Yeah.


Which I've never collected money, but he sent a 1950 $3 certificate, a 1957 series, $2 bill and an 1874 fractional currency. 10 cent note. Yeah, That was pretty neat. I think you got the 10 cent note, didn't you? Because we screwed it up. I spin it on candy. No, what's this? It's 10 cents, sir. It's a fraction of a note meteorologist Michael Herb, who also moons moonlights as a young adult murder mystery author, sent us a book of one of his murder mysteries. Kevin McLeod in the Seaside Storm. It's about a little weather detective. It's pretty cute.


Jeff Peyton sent us a book, Darwin's Black Box. Whoa. And Bethany at the base element. The base element@gmail.com. If you want any of the flu to sell caramel she sent us. We can highly recommend them. And I got one more from both of us. Chuck too. Alright, Dan Kent name, ring a bell. It does. He sent us the pint of Pliny the Elder. Ew. Yes. Thank you Dan. That's That's why it rings a bell. You're a top-notch human being. I think we met him in San Francisco at Show to Thanks, dude. I believe so. Yep. The famous world renowned planning the elder beer. Yes. Which I finally tried and it was Delicious.


It is ish. Yep. Thank you very much everybody. We have more, If you didn't hear your name hang tight. We've got probably a couple more episodes worth of administrative details. That's right. Or Thanksgiving is what we're calling it now. And in the meantime, you can get in touch with us, send us an email to stuff podcast@howstuffworks.com. And as always, Join us at our home on the web Stuff You Should Know. Dot com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite Shows.


Traveling is one of life's greatest joys, honestly. Can anything be more exhilarating? Well, actually, yeah. With Chase Sapphire Reserve, it's your gateway to the world's most captivating destinations. First, you'll earn three times points for travel and dining and the card gets you into the Sapphire Lounge by the club at Select Airports nationwide and access to one of a kind experiences. Whether you're booking a once in a lifetime trip or your next weekend escape. Discover more with Chase Sapphire Reserve at chase.com/sapphire. Reserve cards issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Subject to credit approval terms apply.


Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places is


We finally switched to T-Mobile because with them we can be connected here and there. Dad, the cousins in Mexico have a surprise for you And enjoy the gift of staying Connected. Switch and start saving today. Get four Samsung Galaxy S 25 phones with Galaxy AI on us and four lines for just 25 bucks per line. Plus nonstop contacts and data between us and Mexico. Visit a store T-Mobile dot com or call one 800 T-Mobile one 800 T-Mobile. See details at T-Mobile dot com.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.