
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple Pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Hi everyone. I hope you're having a great weekend so far. Do you wanna know about crickets and how you can sustain yourself on them? Well then listen to this episode Are Crickets, the Future of Food, and this is from September 7th, 2017. I hope you enjoy it all over again. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio A Hey and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh w Chuck Clark. Ooh, there's Charles Malcolm Bryant and there's Jerry the Whiz.


Rolling. That sounds like an Aaron Cooper poster. Gone bad. Yep. Already. Yeah. We will have like the swirly face, like the weird people in Jacob's Ladder. It's funny, we had a office visitor a couple weeks ago and I don't think you were here in the, in fact, I know you weren't here 'cause you would've been in here. That's right. But there was a, there's our great stepbrothers, you know the movie Stepbrothers? For those of you out here out there, there's a promo of John C. Reilly and Will Ferrell with as like a, with an Olin Mills type, you know, posed photograph. And Aaron Cooper, our, our buddy from Kansas who does our great Photoshop stuff made us into, I was John c Re and you were Will Ferrell.


And the guy came in and was looking around and was like, oh man, these are great. And he went, ah, look at that. And he went, that looks like, I don't know, it looks like it could be like something like the movie Stepbrother or something said Oh, that's exactly what it's, yeah, I Tried to make him not feel bad. That was nice of you. That was very gracious of you as a Host. Yeah, it it like he didn't quite zone in on all of them were us. I gotcha. He shoulda like loudly beside his ear. Man, I had a little scary thing today. What Happened, if I may, this is kind of part PSA, this has nothing to do with cricket farming. Okay. But we're getting our, our basement waterproofed.


'cause for 13 years it's been leaking water, like really bad. So much so that we have mold now. Oh yeah. Black mold. Yes. Oh no. And we're also getting mold remediation done at the same time, man. So needless to say, that's a fun, fun way to spend a lot of money. But I come home today and my carbon monoxide alarm alarms going off. Oh man. 'cause these yahoos are using a gas powered concrete saw in our basement. No, And it's like full on saying, you know, get out of the house and my animals are in there, so, oh man. Like, and I just happened to go home after I went to a coffee shop to study because I needed to grab something.


But like, I literally could have come home to dead animals Man. And dead workmen in the basement. Yeah. Yeah. Those guys too. Wow. I'll bet they're not the sharpest tech in the box anymore. It was Weird, man. And they were down there. I mean, not only did they not have on so much as a dust mask for the, for the gas, but like concrete dust is really dangerous too. They're like, I don't care. I've got Obamacare. It Was so weird, man. And just, it freaked me out to the point where Emily, she wanted to like fire the guy. He wasn't even there like the, you know, the foreman or Right owner of the company. His Subs were there. Yeah. And she wanted to be like, man, if he doesn't understand that this is dangerous. And he said, you know, open up your windows, it'll be clear in 15 minutes.


And it took two hours for that alarm to stop going off. Oh my gosh. Wow. That is really scary. It was really bad man. I was out on my deck basically for the rest of the morning until I came in with my dogs and my cat in a crate. Man, that's like how some people commit suicide. I know. You know? Yeah. And these guys are just doing it gratis for you. Yeah, it was. We, yeah. Anyway, so I'm slightly shaken. Yeah, I'll bet. I'm glad you made it man. You look good. You look okay. Thank you. You look healthy. Your palor isn't gaunt. I think you're, you're okay. Oh, I just gotta calm down here. The, the sound of the crickets on our miniature cricket farm here are soothing me.


At least I know they put me to sleep. I'm glad we Set that up. That was pretty good. That was one of our better segues. Sadly enough. Thanks. Yeah. We are talking crickets, aren't we? Yeah, we covered intergy. I meant to look up wind, but it was seems like a long time ago. Right. And that's eating bugs and insects. But this is focusing specifically on crickets because by all accounts they seem like sort of the, our best bet at trying to get something like this going in America for real. Yeah, they're, I mean, they're pretty easy to raise. They don't require much space. You can set up your own cricket farm at home.


And really, we should say the, the point of all this, the whole reason anybody would want people to start raising crickets at home is because the, well, the, the earth is about to collapse and our food supply is in, in real danger. Right. So I've got some stats for you, Chuck. Okay. So meat consumption per capita has increased into the developed world actually it's doubled in the last 30 years. Wow. And that's, thanks in no small part to the rise of the brick countries, Brazil, Russia, India, and China, who have huge, massive populations.


And as they entered capitalist, the capitalist global economy have generally become enriched. And the more money they have, the more meat civilization tends to consume at least these days. Right? Yeah. So that doesn't seem bad in and of itself until you look into what kind of resources it takes to actually raise meat. So you ready for this one? I don't know. I'm afraid to produce one pound of meat that's a half a kilo basically of meat. Is this beef? Beef? Sorry. Yeah. It requires about 2,400 gallons of water. I've heard stuff like that before, which is like absolutely nuts.


Even when you consider that not only are you watering the cow, you're also watering, you know, the, the crops that you feed to the cow. Sure. So there's double water consumption. But one of the problem, one of the reasons cattle beef requires so much water is because you only consume 40% of the cow. Yeah. So 60% of the water is going to sustain parts of the cow you're not even eating. Right. So there's a lot of wasted water, even if your water delivery system is a hundred percent efficient. Right? Yeah. That's just water. 51% of the greenhouse gases that are admitted on planet earth come from animal agriculture.


Yeah. 51% and one third of the world's adequate or high quality crop land has been lost to erosion or pollution in the last 40 years. And that's a huge problem whether we are all vegetarians or not. 'cause we're talking crop land, but we use way more crop land to feed our livestock than we do to feed ourselves. Right? Yeah. Something like 56 million acres of land are used to grow crops in the United States to feed animals. 4 million are used to grow crops for human consumption. So there's a lot, a lot of resources that are used up just from meat-based diets.


Right. A lot of people say, well just go to plant-based diets. And other people say you can't get enough protein from plant-based diets, which apparently is not true from, from what I'm seeing. Other people are saying, fine, you want some protein? I got something for you. And it's crickets. Yeah. I'm kind of, oh, not surprised. But it goes to show you the population boom. If meat consumption has increased that much in the face of probably more vegetarianism and veganism than ever before too, you know. Well that's kind of heartening. Like if, if there does seem to be, if I guess if if societies follow, yeah, I'd like we should, I mean we've been dancing around doing episodes on vegetarianism and veganism for a while, so we should probably tackle that at some point.


Alright. I'm kind of curious about the history. 'cause it seems like in the, like probably since the onset of America until, and then I'm just, I'm talking off my, off the top of my head here, but until probably the nineties, it seemed like everybody was just like, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat. Well there's a, I mean it's definitely associated with wealth, right? Yeah. If you can afford to eat a nice steak kind of indicates you have a certain amount of status in your society. Right? Well, Like the fifties it seems like they would eat steak for lunch. Right. And I can't imagine like a steak for lunch that seems so indulgent.


Yeah, I think it is. You know? Yeah. Like, yeah, just gimme a, gimme the 20 ounce ribeye for lunch. Right. It's just, I don't know, I can't imagine that. And three martinis, I don't argue with that part. That is pretty indulgent. Three martinis and a 20 ounce rib for lunch. I mean, that was Don Draper, you know? Yeah. I never saw that show. I know, I never saw it. It's, It's available. Where is it out there? Really? I thought they erased it all. Yeah, they did. They said that's it, it's done. Didn't he go become a lumberjack in at the end? No, he did not. Oh, Okay.


Oh, that's Dexter. Oh man. I know we talked about the, of that show crazy. I I actually never saw the end of that one. Uhoh. You just told me about it. Yeah. I think you still owe it to yourself just to watch the finale. Okay. So this dude Kevin, how would you pronounce that? Bach, BACH. Which is fine. That's clearly Bach and HUBR you just don't often see two H's side by side. No. So anyway, Kevin Bubba Nice is a dude that is kind of championing, oh, not kind of very much championing this movement. In 2007 he went to Thailand and tasted crickets, deep fried crickets.


And he's from California and he was like, Hey, this is really good. He said, far out, They've been doing this in Thailand since the late nineties. The king established a big growing program for crickets and cricket farms education in schools. Like, you know, this is a good way to get protein in your diet. And he said, I think this is the direction America should go and I'm gonna get in on the, the, the money side of it. Yeah. Like the farming of it. Apparently it's a $20 million industry already. Not bad. No, it isn't. And we should say that Bach Huber was, is one of several people who are into this the idea of cricket farming, commercial cricket farming.


Yes. And he's definitely one of the OGs for sure. His business was the first to get approval to sell crickets as food in the United States. Yeah. He got FDA approval because the, the cricket industry actually is kind of old, well it's not too old, but I saw anywhere between 50 and 70 years old in the US and they're raised to say feed fish. Yeah. For commercial fish farming or to grind up as a protein supplement for livestock feed. So people have been raising crickets for a while or to feed to like reptiles. To sell 'em to pet stores. Yeah. So there, there was an established infrastructure of cricket farming, but the making the transition from selling it to feed to cows or fish or snakes to selling it to people to eat directly, that's, that was a big step.


And Bach, Huber was the, the first one to take it in the us I, I should just say the reason I point out he's just one of many is because yeah, this house stuff works article is basically like, here's my report on Kevin Bach, Huber's Ted Ted talk, Sort of, you Know. Yeah. And I think just he's, he definitely deserves, you know, credit 'cause he's leading the charge, but so are other people as well. Yeah. He's woven throughout this thing though. Yeah. And you know, If you listen to the PHA episode, episode, No, it's, it's episode We pointed out then, and it bears repeating that America is new to this, but I think it was like Canada and the United States and and Western Europe are literally the only places on earth that don't consume insects as a regular part of their diet these days.


So I saw, so this article kind of says the, the standard 80% of the world regularly consumes insects. Yeah. As part of their diet. I saw that there's a food and agriculture organization, the UN organization report said something, it was more like about a third of the population. So rather than 80%, maybe like 30 to 35%, which is still significant. Yeah. That's a big difference Though. It is. And in, in the west specifically, the idea of eating bugs is not, it's not commonplace. Right. And I actually saw a pretty good ex explanation for why like 13 of the 14 large livestock animals that are domesticated are found in Eurasia and made their way over to the Americas.


Right. And those things, those animals provide not just meat, but also things like milk, clothing, everything basically. Sure. So since, since these what you would call western countries had access to these domesticated animals, they never needed bugs as a food source. Yeah. And then secondly, since they were raising domesticated animals, by definition they had a, a sedentary agricultural lifestyle, which meant that their exposure to bugs was bugs as pests. Right. So not only were bugs not edible, they were something you that were just undesirable on on their face.


Oh sure. So that led to the, it closed the door on bugs being eaten by westerners. And so that wa that came to be filled by a sense of disgust, which is a basic human emotion, but it's the only one that's culturally bound, which means you learn what is disgusting from your, from your cultural group. Yeah, For sure. But that also means you can unlearn it too Well if big cricket has anything to do with it, why don't we take a quick break and we're gonna come back and talk about a UN report that kind of changed a lot of things about four years ago.


Hey everyone, as a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just post Your job for free at linkedin.com/sy sk, that's linkedin.com/syk. And you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's Right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry me slash stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


There's nothing like sinking into luxury. An Bay sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. An Bay has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids pets or anyone who loves an easy to clean spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699 and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Alright, so I promised you a UN report. 2013. There was a, a big kind of sea change. I don't know about sea change. It was the beginning, Beginning of a sea change. They issued a report called Edible Insects, colon, future Prospects for Food and Feed Security. And, and it was basically just championing tegy and all the benefits that surround it, like how nutrient dense crickets and other insects are. The fact that it's socially sustainable, economically viable and friendly, environmentally friendly. And it kind of, you know, kind of paints it as like, hey, this, this is the future or could be part of the future at least of getting protein into, you know, Americans.


Right. And the, the report itself didn't focus exclusively on crickets, but crickets feature prominently in the report. They're the star. It was about, it was about bugs in general and eating bugs in general. And it was, it made a pretty big splash. I remember when it came out. Yeah. Like there, it really hit the news cycle pretty hard. But it also caught the attention of that Bach Huber guy who said, all right, I'm gonna, I'm, I think I'm gonna get into this. 'cause he'd already been exposed to eating crickets in Thailand. And then that, when that UN report came out, he I think began his startup here in the states of his commercial cricket form startup. Yeah. It's funny, they had, they put in this article that it was the most popular document in the history of the un Yeah.


I didn't, I didn't see that anywhere. I think that was, he said that at his TED report. Yeah, yeah. But yeah, it definitely made a splash. I'll give him that for sure. Yeah. He spoke at a TEDx Youngstown, Ohio because that's where he's based, that's where his company is. Right. And I guess he, he just made up his own TEDx probably. Right. Alright, so let's talk about crickets. Well, all insects in in particular are very rich in protein. Like we've talked about. They have a lot of healthy fats. Yeah. A lot of zinc, a lot of iron, a lot of calcium. And there's something called I guess, efficient animals. Well, yeah, I mean, and this is when vegetarians and vegans are like, these kind of terms make their skin crawl, I'm sure.


But the kind of efficiency you get out of raising an killing an eating an animal is on a spectrum. And you know, from cows like you talked about, it's probably the worst I would guess, don't you think? Right, right. The animal itself is efficient at converting food that you feed it into stuff that you can get from it. Yeah. So, like you said, not a lot of the cow is used to eat. No. It's like 40% of a cow is, is edible and digestible. And I think the chicken is about the most efficient animal protein right now. Right. But nothing like crickets. So there's two different things here. Right. So you've got efficiency in nutrient conversion, which is say like If you eat an apple, you can convert, you know, X amount of the energy available in the apple into, you know, energy for yourself.


Metabolism. Right. And Poop. Right? Yeah. That, but poop is waste. So that stuff wouldn't count toward efficiency. It would actually subtract from your efficiency and and lower your efficiency. If you ate an apple and used every bit of it and it produced zero poop, you would've 100% efficiently converted that apple into useful energy. Right. And that'd be a weird apple. It Would be a be a magic apple and you wouldn't need a poop shoot. But instead you do, because there is no such thing as a hundred percent efficiency in any animal. Right? Right. But some are better than others, like you were saying. And with a cricket, it's something like they're like 12 times more efficient at converting food into usable energy or stored, in this case, stored protein.


Right? Yeah. So for every kilogram of live cricket weight, which is a pretty substantial amount of crickets, but but kilogram to kilogram or pound to pound, it just takes 1.7 kilograms of feed to produce one kilogram of live crickets. Yes. Not bad for a cow, it takes 10 kilograms of feed to produce one kilogram of beef. Very inefficient by comparison. So If you take the fact that it doesn't take much feed to produce a, a biomass of crickets, and that crickets are 80% edible and digestible compared to the cows, 40% edible and digestible, then you really have a, if you're just going pound to pound or kilogram to kilogram, a much more nutrient dense, much more efficient, and then therefore much less, much less wasteful animal that you could eat.


Yeah. A lot of that has to do with the fact that crickets are cold-blooded. So they're very much more efficient at converting that feed into protein. And crickets aren't even the most efficient insect, You know? No, no. Uhuh, I'm not sure which one is actually, I think mealworms are pretty efficient. Oh Yeah, you just said that. 'cause you're eating a mealworm, right? I, well I have a mealworm farm I was gonna ask you to buy in on. Oh, really? All Right. How Much you in my pocket? See Gross. Is that a mealworm farm in your pocket? It Is. I pocket mulch. So like we mentioned, Mr. Buba is, if he's not German, he should be Kevin Bach Ruber.


I think he's, but it's spelled, he's, he's Irish German, maybe it's Spelled KV n though. So we're just inserting vowels for him. Right. Like DNCE. What's that? It's this band. Oh, okay. Probably a young person's band. I believe so. No wonder. I don't know. But he is one of, I think they're about, and this has probably changed even since this is written about 25 or so Cricket startup farms here in the United States. Yeah. I couldn't find the current number. Yeah. Let's just say at least 25. Okay. Although, I'll bet they go under pretty quick. You think so? I could see, I could see losing your shirt on cricket farming right now.


It's so, it's just so early. Yeah, true. And, and the, the market is so not there and the, the stuff they're producing is so expensive. Well, and their output right now is still really small in the, in the early years here. But you know, the dream for, for him and all these cricket farmers is that, that one day It will, it will. I don't think they have designs that will ever be like in some parts of the world where it's on every menu and every restaurant. But they would certainly like to see cricket snacks in grocery stores and menu offerings and some, some of the more wacky hipster restaurants. Right. At least. Yeah. Did you, do you watch Shark Tank?


Oh, you know, I do. Okay. So did you see the one with Rose Wang and Laura Drio? I've seen 'em all. Okay. So you saw the one with Chirps. They're snack, they're cricut based snack product chirps. I want to try it. I Do too. I, I'm not like, I'm not a adventurous eater as you know, but I would totally try fried crickets and things. That doesn't gross me out for some reason. No, I, I, and I would try it as well. And do you, I don't know If you remember or not, but when we did that locust thing for science channel, it's like the second time it's come up this month. Oh yeah. Weirdly enough they made fried locusts and I refused to eat them. Right. And it wasn't 'cause I was grossed out. It was 'cause I was sure that I was gonna have some sort of weird allergic reaction to 'em.


Oh, right. Because I Would They're shellfish, right? Yeah. Yeah. And I would've had to have been like, you know, life flighted somewhere to a hospital and would've missed my flight home. That's like, good about that. That is the only reason I didn't eat 'em. Yeah. It had nothing to do with disgust. But in that UN report they address allergies and they said that it's actually exceedingly rare that somebody has an allergic reaction to an arthropod. Yeah. Or to an insect, I should say. But the reason why I thought so is because yeah. I had had, I had like a, a shrimp blow up once Right. And I just was not about to roll the dice on that. Not for what science channel was paying Us.


Well I think it's very funny that you, I remember your shrimp, your shrimp years in that you had an allergic reaction to shrimp, but you wanted to eat shrimp so bad. You started to eat shrimp a little bit just to see If you could eat shrimp. Yeah. Shrimp chips. Yeah. Which use real shrimp powder. It's like a, I think Japanese or Korean or Chinese delicacy. But now you can eat shrimp, right? Yeah. I did immunotherapy and now I'm fine. I can eat shrimp all day long. I just love That you were so dedicated to eating Shrimp. Yeah. I love shrimp man. Good shrimp. Like seasoned with old bay. Just simple stuff. Oh man. So good.


This is a great time to bring up one of my big pet peeves. Okay. I know that cooking with shrimp heads and tails on increases the flavor quite a bit. Does It? Yeah. Okay. Which is why they do it. But it's one thing If you get an appetizer with like the, the, the like a prawn with a head left on or something. But If you, like I get pasta dishes sometimes. Oh yeah. That have like heads and tails on them If there's a fork involved. You don't want to have to put your fork down and take the head and tail off. No. Like, you literally have to dig them out of the pasta, take the head and tail off, and then put them back in your food. Right, right. Which Is just, I, I don't get why restaurants do that.


Like maybe cook it in there and then take it off for us. So I ran across a reason probably why. Alright, Let's hear it. There's something called chitin, which makes up the exoskeleton of Yeah. Of bugs, but it also makes up the shells of crustaceans as well. And chitin supposedly, If you don't have an allergic reaction to it, chitin is apparently good for it's, it's said to be good for weight loss. Yeah. Digestion aids in digestion, allegedly. And I think it has something to do with your blood pressure too. And in other countries, non, non, non-Western countries, I think they prescribed Chitin quite a bit as like a dietary supplement.


And I saw one study that said, yeah, it had a little bit of an effect, a little more than placebo, but not clinically significant. But it was just one study. So I'm, I'm curious if, if Kitan actually does have an effect, but it's possible they're saying you should eat the whole thing. Well, that's what I Was gonna add. The shell. What? I mean it's, I don't know. They could also just be a fat, lazy chef, you know? Well, I mean, I'll eat a soft shell crab till the cows come home, but I'm not eating a shrimp tail. Yeah, it sounds gross. Well, it's just not like they don't soften up enough, you know. But If You think about it though, if you're eating a, a fried cricket or something, you're eating the whole thing shell and all antenna.


Well, yeah, But I throw that in the, in the soft shell crab zone. So you ate the shell of the soft shell crab. Yeah. That's what you're supposed to do. That's what it is. I don't know that I've ever had soft shell crab. Oh, my friend. Is that like a blue crab? No, I think it's a special kind of crab. Oh, That has a, its Parents must love it very much. I might be wrong. I think it's a special kind of crab and then you prepare it with the shell. But I think the shell is soft to begin with though. I, I don't think it's just from cooking, but like spider roll is one of my favorite sushi rolls. That's softshell crab. Okay. Yeah. I thought that was crab like spelled with a k like fake crab.


No, no. That like the little legs are coming out of the end and everything. What? That's why they call it a spider roll. 'cause it looks like little spider legs. And I'll Try that. And then like a softshell crab sandwiches. I mean, you open the bun and there's just like this crab staring at you Yeah. Going, how's it going? Right. You're gonna eat me in a second, aren't you? Oh, I'm getting hungry now. You wanna take a break real quick? Well, quickly before we just should mention that they did get a deal on Shark Tank Oh yeah. With Mark Cuban for chirps. Right. We're contractually obligated to munch in Mark Cuban. That's right. We get our kickback coming. I, I would try chirp for sure if the chirp people are out there listening and you wanna send us some chirps?


I will try 'em up. All right. So let's take that break.


Okay. Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing an bay sofas where designer style meets budget friendly prices. An bay brings you the ultimate in furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. Anaba is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stain resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy liquids Simply slide right off designed for custom comfort. Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years. Don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long And get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair every style, every home.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If anyone's ever said you snore loudly or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


So Chuck, we said, I think I said that one of the things that's holding this industry back right now is that the, it's so expensive. The, the products they're making, there's something called cricut flour, which is ground up cricket meal. Basically a protein powder made from crickets. Right. And it's, it, it's anywhere from like 35 to $50 a pound for it. Yeah. It's Very expensive. A lot of money. But it's really ironic because crickets require so much less space and food and water and electricity. It's apparently the, the labor force that is the most expensive thing of any commercial cricket farm because they're, it, it's just hard to find people who can do that, even though it's not exactly hard.


It's just there's a lot of trial and error going on. So from what I saw, it's the labor force that's, that's eating up most of the, the revenue or profits from cricket farming. Well finding all those tiny people, those three inch people. Right. It's not easy. But there are startups also that are, that are trying to sell like cr home cricket kits too. Yeah. Because that's part of the, the whole idea where if you're gonna get people to supplement their diet, well just let 'em grow 'em at home too. So should we talk a little bit about this? The farming? Yeah. So crickets live about seven weeks.


I mean that right there shows you a big difference between that and like the beef industry. Sure. So during that seven week lifecycle, they, they have three different environments that they reside in and they basically live and hang out on what they call cricket high rises, which are little egg cartons. Yeah, I saw that. The, they have tried all sorts of different material and they keep going back to egg cartons. For some reason crickets just love hanging out on egg cartons. Well, who doesn't? And what they eat is, 'cause I was kind of wondering that They eat grain-based, feed organic, grain-based feed fruits and vegetables and they, some of them will reach that breeding stage.


Some won't. And if they do, they're gonna lay a lot of eggs. Like Yeah. You know, several thousand eggs a mommy cricket will lay in her lifetime. Yeah. So many eggs in fact that they, that they typically just throw most of 'em out. Yeah. Like they'll keep some to grow a new generation from, but there's just so many that are just tossed out because they don't have the capacity yet to grow 'em. Yeah. So that, you know, they're, I think Bach Huber put it like he could be drowning in eggs if he's not careful Drowning in crooked eggs. He probably wakes up every night sweating recurring dreams. He probably really does wake up every night from the cricket chirping.


Oh, I never really thought about that. That must be nice actually. Yeah, it can be. So they like hot humid environments or at least warm, depending on your definition of hot. It's hot to me. 85 to 95 degrees Fahrenheit with about a 40% humidity level. Yep. And the whole process from soup to nuts or from eggs to chirps is about 56 days. Yeah. Roughly. Yeah. And If you, you can do this yourself at home, you just need basically two terrariums. You need to put 'em near heat. 'cause that is substantial. 85 to 95 degrees is hot. Yeah. Way hotter than you're gonna keep your house. So you do need like a heat lamp of some sort.


And you need water, a source of water too. Those are the two most important things with raising crickets. And the reason you have two terrariums is because in the one where you have like the 30 initial crickets say you're gonna put a dish of soil and that's where they're going to lay their eggs. And you wanna check the soil every day for eggs. And when you find eggs, you take that little soil dish out and put it in the other terrarium. Yeah. And then that's where the eggs are gonna grow and hatch. And when the crickets hatch, they're fully formed, there's no larval stage. Right. They don't go from like a maggot into a cricket. They're fully formed, they're just much smaller. Right.


Yeah. And according to Aristotle, it's about around here or maybe within the next like week or so that they're the most delicious Aristotle. Yeah. Aristotle wrote in his historia an alium actually he was writing about cicadas that they're better when they're before their last molt. So I guess that wouldn't apply to crickets. No, it would 'cause they molt do They They do molt. He also said that females taste best after copulation because they're full of eggs After Aristotle has copulate. Right. Or after The cricket, after instead of a cigarette, you just eat a pregnant female cicada, try This baby. Right. It'll knock your socks off.


I bet Aristotle pillow talk was something else. Bet it was too. You know, or it just be like, ugh. Yeah man. He just keeps going on and on about cicadas. So harvesting, I mean, there's no way around it. At some point, like any live thing that you're raising, you're gonna have to kill it. And instead of like what we see on factory farms with cows and pigs, what you do on a cricut farm is you cool them down and then freeze them. And so what happens is they, they get cold, they start to get a little chilly, their temperature drops and they go into what's called a diapause, sort of a hibernation like state.


And then pretty much after that they go, it is sure. Is chili in here and then they're gone and frozen. Yeah. Apparently they eventually freeze solid. So they spend about 24 hours in the freezer and then they're ready to be sold. Yeah. Either ground into say like a powder or baked into a fried snack or sold to somebody else. But that's that. I was like, do they wake up then If you, If you heat them up in a pan. But apparently after 24 hours, then they're frozen solid. They're they're dead. Yeah. But to them it's just like going to sleep forever. Yeah. What I kind of wonder, when I was reading this, I was like, how do vegans and vegetarians feel about eating insects?


Supposedly it does not count as vegetarian. Well, it depends on who you ask. I didn't get any, like there is no official rule book. There's not, I don't think so. I'm Surprised. But Basically I just went to a bunch of vegan vegetarian websites and looked to see what people said and it, it kind ranged from well sure. Allied insects and this is a much better way to, to get protein in your body than animals to where other people said, no, it's a living thing, not going to eat it. I get all the protein I need from plants. If you're eating something a alive animal, then you're not a vegan or a vegetarian. Yeah. I saw crickets referred to as mini livestock.


All one word. Yeah. I mean, they are a liv they're a living animal. Yeah, for sure. So I guess it's a, a personal choice it sounds like. Yeah. Just like, you know, vegetarians eat fish sometimes too. Well, that'd be a pescatarian, right? I guess. But I, I've met plenty of vegetarians that are like, I'm vegetarian and I eat fish. Leave me alone. And that's when you go, technically you're a pescatarian and then you get punched in the face. Right. So eating crickets. Some people say sort of nutty, some people say it's a little sweet, like sweet corn. I'm, I would like to know for myself, I wish we could have gotten our hand on some chirps beforehand.


Yeah. But maybe we can follow up in the future. We need a big bowl of chirps right here. Like Yeah. Like we did with The Soylent. Yeah. With a Soylent. Soylent. We'll Do a follow up Soylent. So there's this lady, Daniella Martin, and she has a a, a travel show and a, well, it's an insect cooking and travel show called Girl Meets Bug. Very cute. And we should say the, the Chirps ladies called Crickets, the Gateway Bug. And also that was kind of funny, funny and pun. And Daniella says that she started eating crickets and kind of became fascinated with insects in general when she was in Mexico and Yucatan and kind of became, I don't think obsessed, but just super interested in this as a, as her protein of choice.


And said, you know, I started cooking 'em up with a little, little butter, little onion, little salt. And like with anything, If you put it in a pan with some butter and onion and salt, maybe a little garlic, it's probably gonna taste pretty darn good. Yeah. You could cook almost anything with butter, salt, and onions and you're fine. Yeah. Even when you hear stories of these creepy cannibal people, It's Oh yeah. Like They usually like cook it in butter. Yeah. With a little salt and onion and garlic. Yeah. I think that one guy who advertised on like Craigslist, he did Cannib. He, yeah, he sauteed with Yeah. Onion. You're right. Huh. Anyway, penis. I think it was Say what?


He Ate penis. He like that. He did, man, that was a very disturbing case. Sure. So she says crisping them in the oven is another besides, you know, grinding them into powder, cooking 'em up, like broiling 'em in the oven, don't overcook it. Little olive oil, little garlic salt. Throw 'em in about two 50 for about 15 minutes and little sea salt on top maybe. And you're gonna have a crunchy, delicious nutrient rich snack. Yeah. And you wanna clean 'em off too if you're cooking 'em from raw. I guess. So they're bugs. That's, it's something you wanna do. What do You do? Just like wash 'em in a lander? I guess so.


Yeah. But I think like if they're already prepared, you're probably okay because one of the big things that that, that like Bach Huber did by getting FDA approval, like now you can't just raise crickets on just anything. Like they have to be fed food that is okay for humans to eat too. Right. Which is something that the cricket farming industry is running up against. Because one of the big things proponents are saying is like, man, you could raise crickets If you had large scale cricket farms. You could raise crickets on food waste. And If you, If you, If you do that, not only are you like raising your crickets, you're also getting rid of food waste.


You're composting basically. Right. Yeah. Composting. That's the way you say it. Like composting. But apparently the FDA's like, no, you can't feed things food waste and nut job. You're gonna eat it eventually. Yeah. So there's big rules against it, but that, I think they're trying to chip away at that as well. Yeah. I remember being alarmed when I briefly worked in the chicken industry when I found out that a lot of chicken feed is made from chickens. Yeah. Not, not, okay. Yeah. It's just, that's not right. So I saw in I think popular science, they had a little nutrition facts thing for crickets. It's so cute. They said for a hundred grams of crickets, you're looking at about a hundred and twenty, a hundred and twenty one calories.


Okay. You've got about five and a half grams of carbs. Okay. 12.9 grams of protein. Whoa. That is substantial. Yeah. 75.8 milligrams of calcium. Okay. And nine and a half milligrams of iron. That's also pretty substantial. Huh? Just from a hundred grams. I think they estimate that's about 20 to 22 crickets. Like a handful and a half. Yeah. Nice. That is, that's pretty good. And and the idea that If you are just raising crickets yourself, you can feed them your own kitchen waste. Yeah. And then eat the cricket yourself.


It's like a posting. There's also Right, right. There's also very low barriers to entry into cricket farming. So If you are, if you're not a wealthy person and you need to make some extra money, you could conceivably raise crickets yourself and then sell them at market too. It's Like podcasting. Exactly. Exactly. I think that's it. I got nothing else. All right. Well it's cricket farming, everybody go make it happen. And in the meantime you can look up this article on How stuff works.com and since I said that it's time for listener mail.


I'm gonna call this Kevin Spacey's accent Explained, oh, and before I read this, there is a house of card. Spoiler. Spoiler. So alert to that. Hey guys, just listen to the episode on accents. I'm happy you brought up Kevin Spacey's accent from House of Cards because I have a theory. Spacey plays a character. Frank Underwood grew up poor in Gaffney, South Carolina, but then went on to the Citadel in Charleston and created a persona that eventually lands him President. His accent does not sound like a bad attempt at the R, less old the Money Charleston accent. But I think it fits the character instead of a twangy R full accent that he'd have from Gaffney Spacey's playing Frank Underwood who was playing someone with Noble Southern roots.


And that's why it sounds fake. Am I giving Kevin Spacey too much credit? Possibly. But being from Greenville, South Carolina enjoyed dissecting his Carolina accent. And actually I don't have much of an accent myself except with words like lawyer and oil. Jerry just left because my brother, who's 10 years older, trained it out of me when I was very young. He said he didn't want people to underestimate my intelligence because of our accent. Wow. He would correct me every time I would say things like, turn the lights on instead of turn the lights on or naked instead of naked. Yeah. If you're saying naked, Smack him with a length of dry bamboo and say again, say it again.


I sorta wish I sounded more like the rest of my family, but what a considerate thing for my big brother to have done when he was a teenager. Seriously. And that is from Mary Jean Murphy. That was pretty great. Mary Jean, your brother is a little social engineer, isn't he? I like that. And thank you also for the spoiler about Kevin Spacey becoming President on House of Cards. If you wanna get in touch with us like she did, you can send us an email to stuff podcast@howtstuffworks.com. And as always, Join us at our home on the web Stuff You Should Know. Dot com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Let's talk about moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity. Doesn't sound familiar. Think about how you've been sleeping lately. If you've had nights where you've been told you snore loudly or choke or gasp for air and then wake up feeling tired, it may be due to OSA in The us. Moderate to severe OSA effects around 24 million adults. Many are adults with obesity and most cases remain undiagnosed and untreated. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lilly U-S-A-L-L-C.


Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know. So you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime. But when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed Profile. No rabbit holes. Required


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.