
In Orlando meetings, reach another level. Thanks to a growing list of award-winning restaurants, a world-class convention center, a great hotel community, easy access through the airport, and of course, the weather. Andrew Moys, VP of fan Expo HQ had this to say about Orlando luxury hotels, Michelin restaurants, easy access through the airport. All those key things feed into the proper executive experience. And while you may know Orlando for its attractions, industries like healthcare, aerospace, and advanced manufacturing make it a hub for cutting edge businesses. And that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Learn more@orlandoforbusiness.com.


Stuff You Should Know is brought to you by the Capital One Venture Card. Earn unlimited double miles on every purchase every day, and you can use those miles on any travel purchase. Plus, earn unlimited five x miles on hotels and rental cars booked through Capital One Travel. Your next trip is closer than you think with the venture card from Capital One terms. Apply See Capital One dot com for details.


Hi everybody Chuck here on Saturday with an important show to curate here on the select Saturday. It was an important episode, a pretty depressing one though 'cause it's about the history of landmines. And it's from April 10th, 2018. Why Landmines Are The Deadliest Legacy Of War Welcome to Stuff. You Should Know A, production of iHeartRadio Hey. and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark, and there's Charles w Chuck Bryant, and there's Jerry Roland back together again at last, just like last week.


Yeah, I was about to say, what are you talking about? You Know what I'm talking about Willis? Whatcha talking about? Oh, that was a pretty good one. Subtle, understated. So, Chuck, how you feeling today? I'm kind of tired of this weather. Yeah, it's pretty nasty, huh? Yeah. I mean, it's almost April in Atlanta and it's still cold at night. It's, And during the day for that matter. Yeah, it usually like the, the way that Atlanta is, for those who don't know, it'll be cold, cold, cold, like really cold down in the freezing. Sometimes it'll snow and then it'll start to warm up. And then at the end of February, boom, one more snow outta nowhere and then spring.


That's not how it's going this time. No, no. And. It's been like real gloomy and dismal, huh? Yeah, I got the sads. It, it's okay. It'll, it'll clear up soon enough. Easter's on its way. Peter Rabbit's gonna bring us some sunshine in springtime. Good. And poison eggs. Poison eggs is, no, you, you're thinking of Halloween candy. Oh, right. So today, Chuck, we're not talking about Halloween or Easter or even the weather. We're talking about something that has become kind of a international global issue, rightfully so. In like the best way possible because in this case, the international community, the global community has kind of come together to try to alleviate a, a really overlooked problem, literally and figuratively overlooked problem landmines.


Yeah. And has been, this isn't like a brand new effort. No, but it's a little daunting to say the least and depressing It is. There's something like I saw there's all these really, like you said, depressing statistics all over the place when you look into landmines, fortunately, although they are daunting, they're not so daunting that people are just like, forget it, we're not even gonna do this. Right. But I saw something like it would take 1100 years at the current pace of progress to remove all the landmines on earth right now that are buried on earth, if not another single one is laid. Yeah. Well, part of the problem though was the number, they're laying landmines 25 times faster Yes.


Than we're gathering up old landmines. Yes. Yeah. That's the issue. Yeah. It's something like, I saw between two and a half million and 5 million landmines are laid every year, new ones And more than a hundred million in over 70 countries around the world. Yeah. That's a lot. Geez. And places where there's no war conflict going on any longer. That's the big problem with landmines. Well, there's a couple problems. One, they're indiscriminate. They don't, they, they don't recognize whether you're a civilian or a a, a soldier. Yeah. They stick around long after the conflict is, is over. And they still manage to, to kill and maim thousands of people every year around the world, which, and apparently it's on an upswing thanks to the conflicts in Yemen and Syria.


Yeah. And, and some of the work of ISIS as well, Just so depressing. It really is. There's like, there's nothing that really more that like kind of embodies like just the mute killing maiming aspect of war than a landmine. It's just a dumb lump of explosive that you step on And, it blows you up. You know what I mean? Yeah. And especially the, the years later effect, which is maybe there hasn't been war for two decades, and a little kid can still come along and say, oh, what's this thing? And then they don't have legs. Yeah. And the kid's thing is, is real.


So apparently landmines kill disproportionately kills civilians way more than soldiers because of their ability to be left over after a war. And the most recent statistics from 2016, the majority of the civilians killed were children. Yeah. I was, I was actually, I was talking to Yumi about it. She grew up on Okinawa and there's a lot of World War II unexploded ordinance around there. And she was telling me that they used to watch like educational films saying like, If, you see something metal in the woods, stay away. Go tell an adult. Yeah. I'm sure that was like the, the movies they were, they were taught, you know? Oh, I'm sure. Yeah. When you're raised in an area where, and we're talking about landmines specifically, but in a lot of cases they're just unexploded Bombas and things like that too.


Yeah. I I know like they find something like a hundred tons of it in Belgium alone every year. Yeah. Most of it from World War I still. Wow. So, but we are talking specifically about landmines, which seem to kind of bear the focus of the international efforts to, to get rid of them because they are probably the biggest problem of unexploded ordinance today. Yeah. Well, should we go back in time here and talk about the history? Yeah, I think so. Yeah. This one was interesting because I don't think a lot of people when they hear about landmines know that they started in, like legit started during the American Civil War. No, I, I thought World War II at the earliest.


Yeah. So in the American Civil War, they were called torpedoes or subter shells. There was a man, a North Carolinian named Gabriel Rains, who initially fought for the union, but then said, wait a minute, I'm from North Carolina. I'm not actually sure how that switch happened. He's like, north Carolina's with the South Ayy. But he was the first person to sort of play around with these and eventually get a patent called the Rains patent on what essentially was a very sort of early crude, but effective landmine.


Yeah. And so this is at a time when like pitched battles are still the norm. Sure. Where like your, your infantry meets my infantry in a field, and like you do a bunch of shooting, and then we do a bunch of shooting, and then there's advancement and retreats and cannons and stuff like that. Is it our turn to shoot or their turn? I forgot. I mean, Pretty much. Right. And there's people like picnicking watching the battle. Like that's how, that's how staged they were. Yeah. And, and the Confederacy didn't necessarily play by those rules. They did in many battles, for sure. But they also definitely had a, a, a, a gorilla facet to them as well. And this definitely screams gorilla warfare because the, the Union Army was taken totally off guard by the early landmines that they encountered.


Yeah. And. it was not something that was readily accepted into warfare. The, the generals were, well, everyone was scared, first of all, once they, they got wind of what these things were, they're all of a sudden like, what? Like, I can, like, we're literally just walking through the woods and now we can just die. Right. And, and with no enemy nearby. And apparently Gabriel Res himself was one of the first to lay a bunch of these from the road to Richmond after a, the defeat of a battle. And that's when they first, the Union Army first encountered these things. Well, yeah. So not only were they scared, but then the, the, you know, the, the hierarchy, the generals were pretty ticked off. They were like, this is, you know, one of the quotes is the rebels have been guilty of the most murderous and barbarous conduct.


So they were not welcomed into warfare. They thought it was sort of a cheap trick and a dirty, a dirty, rotten thing to do. Yeah. And like you said, it scared the troops. It, it upset the generals. And these were not just like landmines. Like we think of them now. They were like booby tripped. Like they put 'em in flower sacks and when you reached into a set a flower sack boom, that blew up. Yeah. They put 'em around. Like if the, if the confederates abandoned like a, an outpost, they would put 'em around the, well around the water, like places they knew the union troops were gonna go. And you could either set 'em off by stepping on 'em, like a modern landmine, or they would attach things like tools to 'em with like a string.


So you would bend down and pick up the tool and, and set off this landmine that was buried nearby. And at first the Confederates too, some of the confederate higher ups were like, I don't know if this is Okay. Yeah. Even, even in a, a civil war. And we're, you know, the confederacy we're, we're in some ways a, a gorilla army. I'm not sure we should be using these. And then finally after a while they're like, okay, we, we kind of need every tool we can get in the toolbox. And they, they acquiesced and started using them and they spread 'em all over the south, apparently. Yeah. And they don't have any figures on the soldiers that were killed, but they do know that total between the union and the Confederates.


35, well, actually that's not true. 35 union ships went down, one confederate ship went down, Which I'm thinking was an accident. Mm. I don't know. Maybe I don't either. Yeah. But remarkably, it says here in this article you sent that they found them, they were still finding them in the 1960s in Alabama. Yeah. Which makes you wonder, I wonder like how many are there still out there? Like in, in around Atlanta? You know, I don't know. I mean, surely none. Right. Well, you would hope also that after this time the, the explosives would've decayed enough after being exposed to weather for this long. One of the articles that we used said that the, that landmines, modern landmines have a a, a useful life of over 50 years, surely by now.


Yeah. Whatever they had attached to the, the Confederate landmines are no longer useful. Even If. you did find 'em in the woods. I would think so. Which is not to say you should do like a belly flop on it to test it out. You find something that even vaguely resembles a landmine in the woods of the southeastern United States. Run and tell somebody. Yeah. That is the, the worst way to test out whether or not a landmine is still capable of working. Agreed. Is the belly flop method. Yep. So the, the Civil War is where they got their start. And, and they came into use pretty quickly after they were invented. but it was World War I and then really World War ii, where they, they really came into focus. And our article from How Stuff Works, says that the, the landmines for World War I Andi were invented to prevent people from picking up the landmines that were originally invented to blow up tanks.


Yeah. I mean, there were certain, they realized that there were a few uses. They could either lay a minefield to keep a, a, a group of troops and or tanks from going to a certain place. Sometimes it was to reroute a, a group of people in tanks to a different area. 'cause they're like, oh, well we know that's minefield, so we gotta go this way. Right. Which might play right into the plans of the opposition. And then sometimes it's just to slow, slow everybody down until they can get reinforcements. Right. So, I mean, there is a use for this besides just blowing somebody up. There's a larger strategic use for sure. Which I hadn't really thought about. I always thought it was just, you know, a nasty way of blowing somebody up by chance.


Yeah. You know, but it really does send a message too, which is don't keep going straight. Right. You're gonna have to go one way or another. Yeah. Because obviously this place is mine. And, and really there's only one way to find out whether a place is mine too, especially during warfare. Like, it's not like the, the enemy posts a sign that says, we've mined this field. Suckers. Yeah. Like, you find out because one of them goes off either on a tank or one of your soldiers, you know? Well, Yeah. And if one of them goes off it, it's there. I don't think they were using like, random rogue landmines. It was more likely a mine field. Right. So World War II is where they really kind of came into play. And one of the things I saw is that one of, so I guess by the numbers, the most mind place in the world as far as countries go is Egypt.


Oh, really? I was like, what I mean by a long shot, Egypt has something like, I think 230 million, no, sorry, 23 million mines. Wow. Unexploded around Egypt. Egypt's not that big. Right. Holy cow. I think they have like 60 per square kilometer, square mile, something like that. So they've got 23 million minds. And I was like, why Egypt And, it was the Nazis during the, the North African theater fighting in World War ii. The Nazis mined all over around there, but apparently Egypt got the brunt of it. And there's still 23 million unexploded minds they estimate in Egypt from World War ii.


Should we take a break? Yeah, let's, All right, we'll take a break and we'll come back and we'll talk about the two main types of landmines that we're gonna cover today. Right after this,


Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a renewed commitment to progress. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of trucks in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out the ultra rugged new Tacoma built for off-road adventure or everyday practicality or test drive a heavy duty half ton tundra checked out with modern tech and comfort with a haul anything attitude. And both Tacoma and Tundra are available with the I Force Max Hybrid powertrain giving your truck more power than ever before. Quality, reliability, efficiency, that's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


This season get premium tech that inspires joy from Dell Technologies. Bring projects to life with the XPS 16. It delivers supercharged processing for enhanced productivity and freedom to express yourself performance class Dell PCs with Intel core ultra processors deliver a dedicated engine to help accelerate ai, enjoy free shipping, Dell rewards and expert support. When you get a Dell PC with ai, it gives back shop now at dell.com/deals.


When you're hiring for your small business, you wanna find quality professionals that are right for the role. That's why you have to check out LinkedIn Jobs. LinkedIn Jobs has the tools to help find the right professionals for your team faster and free. That's right on LinkedIn. 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. Hire professionals like professionals on LinkedIn. Yeah. LinkedIn knows that small businesses are wearing so many hats that they don't have the time or resources to hire. So LinkedIn is constantly finding ways to make the process easier. They even just launched a feature that helps you write job descriptions, making the process even easier and quicker. LinkedIn does all that while making the process easy and intuitive. No wonder two and a half million small businesses use LinkedIn for hiring. So post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash syk 23. That's LinkedIn dot com slash sy SK 23 to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


The 2024 presidential election is here. M-S-N-B-C has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kornacki is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow and our decision 20 20 14 will provide inside its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, November 5th on M-S-N-B-C Sk.


Alright, so for the purposes of this and, you know, there are more than 350 types of, of mines, so that would be exhaustive to go through all those. But the way our article breaks it down, which makes sense to me, are, and the two main groups, which are anti-personnel mines and anti-tank mines, they both do about the same thing, which is explode after pressure is put on them. But in the cases of a tank, of course they're going to be bigger with more boom and require more weight in order to make it go boom. Right. More pressure. Yeah. So the, the, the anti anti personnel minds, those are much lighter, much smaller, much cheaper And I think found in much greater abundance around the world for sure.


There's, there's one that this article covers called the M 14 blast mine. And we should say there's actually a few different types of mines, especially as far as anti personnel mines go, right? Yeah. So there's this, the, the standard blast mine, which is you step on it, it goes boom, and bad things happen to you as a result, there's the bounding mind or bouncing mind, basically it means the same thing where you step on the mind a fuses lit that that ignites a propeller charge, which shoots the mind upward from under, under the ground, just barely covered over by the ground up to about Chester head height, which then the mine explodes.


Yeah. So it's designed to do even worse damage. Yeah. Those are called bouncing Bettys or German s mines either for spring or, or shrapnel. And those, I think I've seen those in movies before. I, that stuff is just nuts, man. You step on something and all of a sudden it, it bounces up in the air to about your chest And makes a a horrible whizzing sound too, if I remember correctly. Yeah. I mean, talk about like just sheer intimidation factor too. Sure. And so the bouncing mind or the bounding mind is, is meant clearly to kill the blast. Mine is meant to maim. It's probably, it may not kill you, although you could die of like your injuries later on Yeah.


Say from like a, an infection or something like that. Or you could bleed out if it, if it, if it got enough of your femoral artery, you would be in big trouble there. But it's, it's designed mainly just to maim you take you out of commission. Whereas a a bounding mine is meant to, to, to blow you up and kill you. Then there's a fragmentation mine that's the third type of anti-personnel mine. And And I don't, I mean, like for those of you out here, you can't see me and Chuck, but our fingers are kind of like digging into the tabletop right now. It's all unnerving. This Is just so grim and gruesome. You know, it's not, it's not, we're not even talking about shooting somebody. It's talking about these things designed to blow somebody up or blow their leg off, you know?


Yeah. And I. Think what's most disconcerting about, like, like a, a minefield of blast mines is the, the purpose to lay a minefield of blast mines is to almost certainly reroute somebody or to keep somebody from going somewhere. So it's not like they're saying, we're gonna put down 300 mines here because we want to blow off 300 feet of soldiers. They just have to scatter them. So a couple of people get their feet blown off and they go, holy cow, we're in a minefield. We gotta go a different direction. Right. But the, the residual effect is there's still 298 of those things out there. You know, it's like a, a numbers game.


So it's just, it's like the lowest common denominator of, of strategy almost. Yeah. Yeah. But it's effective, which is why they keep using them. Yeah. And I think also like if the, the arm, the army that was retreating, laying those minds in their wake, if they got 300 feet blown off, they'd be fine with that. Even though that, like you say, that's not the, that's not the ultimate aim of it. It's to, to redirect people or to stall them until reinforcements can come for you. Well, Yeah. And you don't keep going. Like after it happens a couple of times, or maybe even once you don't think, well man, well let's just press on and see what happens. Right. Maybe that was a fluke.


Maybe that was a geothermal spring. Right. And you, you talked about someone's foot being blown off. Supposedly the nickname for the M 14 blast mine, which we'll talk about in a second, those are called toe poppers. Ugh. Which kind of undersells it to me, I think. Yeah. So the last one, the last type of anti-personnel, mine is a fragmentation mine. And that's meant to get a bunch of guys all at once all around you And. it may not, it may not take off their leg, it may not kill anybody, but it's certainly gonna slow down several, several soldiers at once because these blow up and they shoot fragments everywhere. Yeah. Like a, a pretty long way.


Right. So the Claymore mine is a, a, an example of a fragmentation grenade or fragmentation mine. And then, so two are cluster mines, which kind of fall into a different category because they're dropped outta Bombas typically drop from aircraft, they fall outta cylinders, hundreds of them. And then when they hit the ground, they blow up and shoot hundreds of fragments. So each of those hundreds of small mines shoots out hundreds of fragments. The reason they become defacto landmines is because not all of them blow up. And so they can be found later and then blow up when they're being handled by a kid or a, a curious civilian or something.


Play more with Claymore. Remember that from The Simpsons? No, I think it was, boy, it was a long time ago, but I think that was like a poster in the shop of like a Army Navy store or something like that. I can't remember the guy, the guy missing an arm. Oh, maybe So. Yeah, I remember that was like one of the first season ones. I'll bet It was old for sure. I forgot about him. Oh, And by the way, our buddy Kevin Pollock just guessed on The Simpsons after that many years. I would've thought he would've been on by now, but he did it like two or three voices this past week. I did not know that. I gotta see that one. Yeah, it was good. How'd he do? Did he crack under pressure? Yeah, He did a great job. I'm sure he did.


Alright, so the M 14 is, these are small, like it fits in the palm of your hand. It's about an inch and a half, 1.6 inches tall and about 2.2 inches in diameter. And we developed this here in the US in the 1950s. And, it has been sort of a go-to around the world since then. This one is not a very big boom, but it does cause damage with these little, these little silver bbs that it shoots out. That's the toe popper one. Yeah. So, oh, it does have bbs that it shoots out. I thought it was just a straight up blast. Mine. Oh, I thought this one had bbs. Maybe Not.


I don't, I don't know. I I know that this, I don't know, possibly it Could be modified, but it is small And. it, it looks like a mean little hockey puck basically. Yeah. The meanest, the Whole, the, and one of the things that you're gonna find in mines throughout the world is something that's called a Belleville spring. And it's basically like a washer that you put on, well, a bolt, you know, what else are you gonna put a washer on you weirdo? So it's a washer, but it's kind of popped upward on one side. So the, the Belleville spring holds up the firing pin, but when you put enough pressure on it and you overcome the pressure, the upward pressure being exerted by the bellville spring, it kind of pops downward.


And when it does that, it taps that firing pin, which shoots down into the, the detonator. It's really cheap, really easy to to use and really effective. And it's, it's found through in minds of all different types and varieties. It's usually the thing holding everything in place. And then that's what pressure overcomes is a Belleville spring. And they're found in the M 14 mines as well. Yeah. It's sort of like, like the hand grenade. It's not a very sophisticated piece of gear. It's very kinda rudimentary. And on all of them, there's some sort of safety clip, just like a grenade. You remove the clip and usually there's some sort of switch that either says, I mean it doesn say this, but basically it says either boom or no boom.


And you switch it to boom and set it down and walk away. Yeah. Backwards, I assume. Yeah. Slowly. And yeah, you cover it up maybe with some leaves, a little bit of dirt, just enough so that it can't be seen, but not enough that you would dampen the blast at all. Or make it so that any of the pressures dampen. And all it takes is like 20 pounds or nine kilograms of pressure from say, somebody stepping on it. and that sets off the, I think it's got something like how many grams of tetra in It, 31 grams in the M 14. So that's, again, that's not very much, but it's enough that you will say lose your foot. Or if you're stepping directly on it, you may lose part of your leg and not necessarily right then, but you may have to have it amputated later on, which makes it even nastier.


I mean, I understand the point of this. It's like there's one soldier who's not fighting anymore, he's over there so sapping the healthcare resources of the, the, the Medic Medical Corps. But I mean that's, that's a, that's a lifelong injury. That's a nasty thing to put down as a $3, a $3 weapon that's just left behind under the dirt. Yeah. By, by the hundreds, by the thousands, by the millions apparently every year. Yeah. I imagine that setting these is a little unnerving too. Like I know that technically even for these small ones, it takes however many pounds of pressure, but it's, it's still probably a little bit unnerving when you flip that thing to on and for sure scoop a little dirt on top of it.


Yeah. I mean, you don't wanna like throw a dirt chunk on it or anything like that. Yeah. Or, or what about being the guy who drives the truck that has crates full of those things in the back? Yeah. You're just hoping that all of them have the safety in. Yeah, so that's the M 14, that's the one that's probably the most common throughout the world. Mostly because it's the cheapest, like I said, it costs about three US dollars to make one of those things. Although supposedly it costs about a thousand dollars to remove one Man. Not Well, that's part of the problem too. Yeah, For sure. So the M 16 is another kind. This is one of the bounding or fragmentation mines that we were talking about that pop up from the ground. and that has three main components.


The mind fuse propelling charge to lift it out, like you said. And then this cast iron housing And. it is, it is bigger. It's about almost eight inches tall and about five inches in diameter. And, it has about a little over one pounds of t and t inside. So that's, that's quite a bit of boom going on. Yes. And, and again, when you, when you either step on the thing and you overcome the upward pressure from the bellville spring, or I think these things can also be booby trap. So like the a a wire can be attached to a, the, the firing pin. Either way the firing pin shoots down ignites that, that percussion cap which sends the thing upward and then a second detonator that's been on a delay fuse explodes once it reaches about three feet or a meter into the air.


Yeah. I think one of the, the scariest parts of this one too is at least in the movies, there's like that split second where you're a soldier and you see that thing pop up in the air and you know what's coming, Right? Yeah. With a, with a regular old blast mine, it's like step boom, you know, you probably don't have much of a chance to register that you just stepped on something. Yeah. Whereas yeah, that fragmentation mind and, and again, like the sound that it makes is just horrifically unnerving. Yeah. Well so I I should say at least from the movies. Yeah, Yeah. And movies are always right. Yeah. Speaking of movies though, like in the Hurt Locker, I know, and I've seen in other movies, like I think generally step on it and once that pressure is released is when the boom happens.


So I remember episodes of maybe Mash and other like war movies I've seen, there have been like soldiers would step on one and hear the click and then be like, well I've gotta stand on this thing now until we figure it out. Right. I was under that impression too, but nowhere in my research did I find that to be the case. Oh really? Yeah. For me, everything I saw was once you step on it and that pressure overcomes the bellville spring, the firing pin is shot downward into the detonation cap. And then once that happens, or the detonator, I should say, once that happens, the whole thing explodes. There's not like a, once you lift up, then the pressure or the firing pin is dropped.


My guess is that they did not completely create that out of whole cloth and out of the 350 types of landmines that some of them probably do that. Yeah, yeah. You're probably right. I'm just saying I didn't run across any that had that. Yeah. And I noticed that as well. So next up we have the, the tank mines that we were talking about with the arrival of tanks basically is when we started getting these anti-tank mines and they're much, much larger and they require at least like 300 plus pounds of pressure. So unless you're a a big boy soldier, then you're not gonna detonate them by stepping on them. It's still probably, again, I don't think you would give that a try and say, I only weigh 2 75.


Lemme see what happens. Yeah. But those are built to disable a tank. Sometimes it can have so much boom that it can, it can kill people around it, but generally it's to blow the, the, the tracks off of the tank. Right. And yeah. And so once the tank is disabled, that's a a, a big win. That's a win. Yeah. That's a big win. So again, they started making those, from what I can understand as far as World War I goes, they made those first and then they made the the anti personnel ones to keep people from just going up and picking up the, the mines and removing 'em. Yeah. So like they'll surround an anti-tank mine with several anti-personnel mines.


Right. And you said it has a big boom to it. It's this thing is, it has 22, almost 23 pounds, which is over 10 kilograms of composition B. Yeah. Which is TNT and RDX. Yeah. That's a lot of Boom. It is a lot of boom and If. you have ever seen anybody removing anti-tank mine? You get the impression that yes, it would, it would tear a tank up pretty, pretty well. Yeah. And you wanna take another break and then come back and talk about removing some of these things? Yeah, Let's Do it. Okay.


Toyota's been building for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota's always innovating, always making progress. That's right. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of reliable cars in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy firsthand. Yep. So check out the unparalleled performance of the new 25 Camry with style, efficiency and available tech to get you anywhere Or test drive a capable and affordable Corolla equipped with everything you need to stay cool and connected and get this. Both Camry and Corolla are available with all wheel drive giving you the control to go beyond quality, Reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


This season get premium tech that inspires joy from Dell Technologies. Bring projects to life with the XPS 16. It delivers supercharges processing for enhanced productivity and freedom to express yourself performance class Dell PCs with Intel core ultra processors deliver a dedicated engine to help accelerate ai enjoy free shipping, Dell rewards and expert support. When you get a Dell PC with ai, it gives back shop now at dell.com/deals.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow and our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, November 5th on MSN BC


Running a small business is complicated. There are, I don't know, dozens of software programs that you need. And they're all so expensive and since they come from different companies, they don't always play nice with one another. But what can you do? Right? ODU, that's what ODU has. All the software business owners need. We're talking CRM, sales, accounting, literally every kind of software. And it's all on one platform. So it works together and it's quality software. So you're not sacrificing, it's just a better experience than a hodgepodge of programs. I mean, you'd expect to pay a premium for it, right? But that's the most amazing part about ODU. This interconnected suite of business software costs less than the mishmash of disconnected programs you're currently using less. So my question is why spend more on programs that are less efficient when ODU simple software platform can handle everything for a fraction of the price Discover? how ODU can take your business to the next level by visiting ODU dot com. That's ODO o.com S SKK Should know.


Okay Chuck, so we talked about what's out there and how many are out there. There are people who are dedicated to removing these things. Yes. As a matter of fact, the, A group formed the, an international landmine treaty banned treaty to basically outlaw those things. And there's 164 countries that have signed it. Most of those, I think 163 have ratified it And. it basically says that we are not going to produce stockpile or transfer any mines, any longer landmines of any kind, any longer.


And we're also going to work toward removing old mines and getting rid of them. And then financially and medically assisting the survivors or victims of landmines. Casualties of landmines. Specifically I think civilians who have undergone, who've been blown up by a landmine and they, they, I think they formed in like 1995 and within two years they won the Nobel Prize. Yeah, this is an interesting one because the US and Cuba are one of the only two western countries that have not signed onto this. However, the US is also probably the leading country in the world at pouring money into landmine eradication and support.


And for their money they say listen, the, I mean this is what they say. At least they say the only reason that we're not signing onto this is because of the demilitarized zone between North Korea and South Korea. We need that line of defense. So North Korea cannot march in there and attack our ally in South Korea. I don't know whether to believe that. I know the Obama administration came close to signing on, but he never did. It's virtually guaranteed that the Trump administration won't sign on. There's like a 0% chance of that happening. But the more and more nuclear capable North Korea gets, the less and less reason that you're gonna have to have those landmines scattered throughout the DMZ there.


Right. So I don't know whether to buy that or not, but they say that that's the reason. And to their credit, they do spend more money and time and efforts trying to clear the world of landmines in any other country, I think. Yeah. Yeah. They're definitely a leader in reality. But they're still criticized or the US is still criticized by for not having signed onto this treaty. Sure. Rightfully. Because there's a lot of other states that may actually follow suit if the United States did. Yeah. They're in the company of Iran, Israel, Azerbaijan, a lot of Russia. Yeah. Russia, a lot of former Soviet satellite states. China, some pretty big players in in as far as global militaries go.


Right. Or militaries around the world go. Yeah. So if the United States did that, it would exert some pressure on some of the other ones. But like you said, the Trump administration's not huge on international treaties. And this, I think it was the New York Times editorial board that said there's a 0% chance of assigning it. Right. Yeah. But we are still one of the leaders in actually removing mines. The United States military stockpile is pretty small. I think it's around 3 million right now. And as far as I know, we're not deploying anymore. And we really haven't since I think 2003 in Iraq when we Eva invaded Iraq, that was the last time we laid landmines as far as the US goes.


Right. Yeah. And 3 million sounds like a lot And. it is, but compared to like a Russia, which has like between 20 and 30 million, it's not as many. So one thing that that like, I thought that was pretty odd too. I was like the, the DMZ, that's what, that's why we're not signing onto this landmine treaty. That's weird. And then I started looking up cluster Bombas and there's another treaty, kind of like a corollary treaty to the International Landmine treaty to ban cluster Bombas as well. and that has some, it's much newer, but it has I think a pretty decent amount, like 120 countries already signed onto it. But with cluster Bombas, I was looking up the pentagon's reasoning for not signing onto this treaty.


So back in I think 2008, the Bush administration said the US will sign this, this cluster bomb ban treaty. If we have not developed cluster Bombas that have a failure rate of 1% or less, meaning only one out of every hundred of those little bomblets that comes out of the cluster bomb cylinder Yeah. Doesn't explode upon contact. Right. And apparently just within the last few days, the Pentagon said, well the deadline's 2019, we haven't developed cluster Bombas that have that low of a failure rate. So we're just gonna ignore that and keep using cluster Bombas. And the, the, the report said it's because they wanna reserve the right to use them in case of a ground war with North Korea.


So I'm like, what do you guys know that we don't know? Yeah. Like is there, is it, is it really that eminent a ground war with Korea that we, we need to reserve the right to use cluster Bombas and and landmines still that like, is it, is it, are we that close to the nice edge? And if so, then this, the whole, the whole nuclear thing makes me even more nervous than it did before. Yeah. It should all make you nervous. It does. So I'll tell you one thing that makes everybody nervous, Chuck. And that's being out in a minefield, removing landmines. Yeah. So this is, this has many, many problems to root out. First of all, finding the mines, like you said earlier, they're not marked.


They don't say here's a minefield and here's where they're all located. So finding these things, millions of them around the world is really tough. And even when you find the minefield, it, it's tough. So like the first thing is to find the minefield, then it's, it depends on how you do it. And we're gonna talk about all the ways that they're trying to do this. Some of which are very rudimentary. Which the very first one you can do is called probing the ground. That means walking around with a stick or a bayonet and poking around Lightly. Very lightly. Oh, so lightly. Yeah. I get the feeling that this is, I'm sure it's still done in some parts of the world, but it's certainly not one of the more advanced operations any longer.


I get the impression that that's what soldiers do when they're like, Nope, we can't go around. We have to keep going straight Probably. So That that's what, because they use sticks or bayonets typically and they're trained to kind of do it very, very lightly. So I think that's Who does that? Alright, so you've also got trained dogs. This is horrifying when you think about a dog getting blown up, but they are trained to sniff out these explosive vapors and the bomb ingredients. I I also saw rats have been trained by a company called a Popo. Oh yeah. Rats and bees. Oh, I didn't see bees. That makes sense though. Yeah. Bees are trained and that wasn't one of the things you sent over to me.


The bees were, how did I miss that? I Don't know. 'cause you're all about bees. I love bees. Yeah. The bees apparently. So the hard part is not training them to find these things, but tracking them once you release the honeybees. That makes sense. So they're trained with sugarcoated, TNT and then of course they can find the, the, that's how they find the TNT. but it has no sugar on it. Right. One of the, I guess I think so that to me is a big step up from poking with a stick. Yes. In between those two is using a good old fashioned metal detector.


Yeah. It it works. But the problem is twofold. One metal detectors send a signal back for anything that has any metal to it whatsoever. So you get a hit and you are very like gingerly searching the area to see if there is a mine there. Nope. It's a, it's a old Roman coin or it's a like an old butterfly top to a, a miller beer can, it's anything metal. Right. So that's one part of the problem. And then the second part of the problem is that you, you actually may miss metal because some types of the 350 different varieties of of mines use very little metal. Some of them are almost entirely plastics.


Yeah. So you, so not only are you picking up stuff that's not a landmine and then wasting time seeing if it is a landmine, you're actually potentially missing landmines as well. Yeah. So that's, that's a problem because that was my first thought is like, I remember when I was a kid, my dad was all over that metal detector on the beach. Oh yeah. So just get a lot of my dads out there or dudes like my dad and just tell 'em to go wild. Yeah. They can coordinate over CB while they're driving their Jeeps out to the minefield. They totally would. Some more promising newer technology specifically being developed at Ohio State University. And I think they're actually using this now is called GPR or ground penetrating radar.


This uses magic leprechauns inside a machine who Exert no pressure to Tell you where these things are underground. Yeah. It's actually, it's pretty sweet. It's like a, a metal detector, ground penetrating penetrating radar combo. So the ground penetrating radar can show you if it's an anomaly, but then the radar also interacts with explosives and the, the electrical property's unique to explosives. So it can actually tell you there's something weird down there. And the amazing kreskin here thinks that it's TNT. Yeah. And this is crazy. Once they find these landmines with the GPR device, it shoots chemical agents, two of them into the ground that actually solidifies the triggering mechanism at first along with the soil and then a second chemical agent that solidifies all of the mine in the soil so they can just be scooped up.


Right. Well I don't, I don't understand that. What is it? I dunno. It just, I don't know. Is it cement? I don't know if it was proprietary or what, but I couldn't find what those chemical agents were. But they sound pretty awesome. Yeah. And not something you wanna like get on your hands. No. You Know, no wash hands, flush eyes. So that's actually, that's, that's like you said, that's in use, that's a huge innovation because it, it, it shows you, you get like the hits that you get from a metal detector, but you also don't get the misses. And then it also shows you if something is roughly the size or shape of a landmine so you don't waste time digging up old, old butterfly bottle caps.


Right. Yeah. I like it. That's my favorite And. it came from the Ohio State University. This article gets it wrong. It calls it scientists at Ohio State University. Mm. The shame. Yeah. My favorite are these, these big heavy machines. So If, you, And, I. Didn't ever think I was a kid who liked, I never played with like Tonka trucks and stuff much. I was obviously, you know, we talked about the evil Knievel and stuff like that Sure. And model model cars. Yeah. But for some reason as an adult, heavy machinery really, really turns my crank. So go look up in on your Google images, the panther and the aardvark tank or mine removal machines and just delight in these huge things that are part Bobcat, part Humvee.


And they're, they're just so rudimentary, like literally one of them, the aardvark has these, it has like a, a spinning thing that sits out in front of it that just spins chains and like whips the ground with big metal chains. I mean, it's so brain dead and rudimentary that said, let's just get a big heavy thing out there that smashes the ground with chains. And, and the point is to just set off a landmine encounters. Oh right. So it's like, and the aardvark just takes it, it it it huge. Any tank mines just blowing up right underneath the, these chains that are whipping up the ground. The front part of the aardvark And I saw a video of a guy in one who I guess hit a, a mine and they show him in the cab and he barely is jostled by the explosion.


This huge explosion man that they show like 80 times. 'cause it's, I think on the military channel or something like that. And it's like, why don't you just make everything out of whatever you're making the rrb bark out of? Why isn't the tank made of that? It's it that same joke. It's like, you know, why don't you make the whole plane out of the black box if the black box is the one thing that's always found. But it's true. And I'm sure I I think with m raps like mine, I can't remember the what that stands for, but you remember the IEDs that were killing so many American soldiers at the beginning of the Iraq war, and then they figured out a way to armor plate Humvees so that they, they were kind of impervious to IEDs.


Yeah. I think it's basically the same technology on the Yeah. So that one, like you said, has a dude in it. Then there's the panther, and that is a 60 ton remote controlled thing. So this has somebody on the side with a joystick operating this thing through a minefield. This has big metal rollers to set off these, set off the mines. And then there are regular tanks that you can sort of retrofit with a plow that sort of plows along and gently pushes these mines out of the dirt in the path. Then someone can come along. And I don't, I guess collect them in a, in a pink basket.


Yeah. No, there's, there's a, there's another machine called a burn processing assembly. Yeah. That just goes down through these, these mounds of dirt that have mines in them and shakes the mines out of the dirt and sets 'em off to the side so they're exposed so they can be picked up and detonated. We mentioned bees and rats and dogs. Very sadly, elephants can sniff out mines. They're, they're pretty good at it. They don't use elephants to do this because that just doesn't make much sense. But they have killed and injured a bunch of elephants. Yeah. My favorite new machine that they're using, and this makes total sense, are drones.


The mine, k Fon Drone, K-A-F-O-N. This is a drone basically that was developed by a guy named Massou Hasani. And it's a drone that does the work of the human, it's a drone with metal detectors attached to it. So it just flies really low over the ground and detects these landmines with nobody walking on the ground or no machine on the ground. Right. Makes total sense. It Really does. It's great. And then what does it do? Is it mark it on like GPS or something like that? Yeah, it marks it on a GPS and then can even come back and place a detonator, drop a detonator on it, basically fly away And it explodes itself. That's pretty awesome.


And they're only like five grand compared to robots and stuff like that can go from 80 to half a million bucks. Yeah. The aardvark looks extremely expensive for sure. I imagine it's not cheap. So we talked about the International Ban treaty, the campaign to ban landmines that won the Nobel Prize in 1997. Their work actually had a huge impact in I think 1999. There's a peak of casualties worldwide from, from landmines of 9,228. By 2013, they'd gotten that down to 3,450 And.


it really looked like the work of this group and like the international treaty that, that it created and, and all these countries signed was having a real genuine impact on landmine casualties. Apparently the tide turned in 2016 and the numbers have started to go back up. So the low is 34 50 in 2013. In 2016 it was up to it thousand 605, which is gotta be really demoralizing. Yeah. And And I think you said very early on, a lot of this is because of what's going on at Yemen and Syria right now.


Right, right. So sad. I I saw also, remember I said Egypt has a lot of old mines from World War ii. Apparently ISIS is taken to digging those up and and replanting them. And we should say, you know, landmines and IEDs are virtually one in the same. It's just landmines are mass produced. Whereas IEDs are made by insurgent bomb makers, they're usually not commercially produced. Right. There's no contract that ISIS has out with somebody. Did you ever see Hurt Locker? The Hurt Locker? No, I haven't seen that one. Man, that's a good movie. Talk about tents. Oh, I can imagine. I mean, that's what they do, right? They go and and remove mines, right?


Or Bombas or IEDs. Yeah. Any IEDs, Bombas anything like any unexploded thing. Jeremy renters in it. And these, it's just amazing. Like they just wear these like big heavy suits, basically like anti blasts, suits, and then work very carefully and slowly. Yeah. Oh, one other thing, Chuck. Yes. Princess Diana. Yeah. We have to mention her. I mean, some of the, probably her most important work she did as Princess was in the, in the final years of her life, working to try and raise awareness to eradicate landmines around the world.


Just amazing stuff. And she wasn't, she took a lot of heat sometimes from within her own country. Yeah. Sometimes they didn't, they thought she was just not being super helpful. Some people would bag on her for just doing like photo ops and stuff like that. But by all accounts, she was, I mean, she did what she could. She, she had a lot of things that happened off the cameras. She would go and visit these hospitals where these children were affected. And, it was a humanitarian effort to really kind of shine a light and raise awareness more than like, Hey, I can create policy. Right. As, as the princess, she knew she couldn't do that. Right. But she did a lot of great work to raise awareness.


And when she, when she died, it was a very sad day. And they, well obviously for many reasons, but Nobel Prize winning winner, Jodi Williams said the death of Princess Diana meant that the anti landmine activist lost their most visible advocate. So, and that was very sad. She did great work. Yeah. And I mean it takes a certain kind of person to say, well the global spotlight is on me right now. I'm gonna walk over here to this under under underserved population of people who are being blown up by leftover landmines that people don't really know about. And now the spotlight's on them. Yeah. And. it says quite a bit about somebody to do that.


Pretty amazing. You know. So you got anything else? I got Nothing else. If. you wanna know more about landmines? You can type those words in the search bar@howstuffworks.com. And since I said landmine, it's time for listener mail. I'm gonna call this brother and sister listening pair. I was never a good headline writer on newspaper staff, by the Way. It's tough. Hey guys, finally feel like I have something to write about. My brother introduced me to your show over Christmas just this year, and I've been slowly working my way through from DV Cooper to Exm Murders, to Winchester Mystery House, to jellyfish.


I'd love them all. So first of all, thanks to my brother Michael, who lives in Savannah for the introduction. He actually plays a role in why I'm writing. I just finished listening to the Vampire Panics episode and at the beginning you talked about coming upon dead bodies. Well, growing up a dead body was discovered in the ravine behind our neighbor's house and they had to pull it up the hill. So my brother, And I got out our spy gear and took pictures of the policemen and paramedics pulling up the dead body and carrying it away. It's a lot of excitement and at the time we didn't really think about it, but when the photos came back developed, it really finally hit home how creepy it was that we had seen a dead body. Yeah. Anyway, thanks for providing Enter interesting and entertaining episodes. I teach kindergarten, it's funny, she talked about being drawn to the darker episodes as a kindergarten teacher.


She says sometimes you just need a break from boogers and Paw Patrol. and here grownups talk about cool and interesting stuff. and that is from Melissa. She's gonna be at our DC show and Michael and Savannah is upset because he can't go. Yeah, Well he should fly up to dc There are such things as airplanes, It's, it's greater chances of that happening than us going to Savannah for a show. And there are, or there is always room for boogers. Melissa, don't be mistaken. There is Room for Boogers by Josh Clark. Thanks for writing in. Hey to you both and thanks for listening and send us those pictures. If, you want to get in touch with us. You can send us an email to stuff podcast@housestuffworks.com. And as always, hang out with us at our home on the web, Stuff You Should Know dot com.


Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.


Hey, friends Toyota has been building for generations from pioneering hybrid tech to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a legendary lineup of in-stock cars, including the high performance 25 Camry and capable, affordable Corolla, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


What's up? It's me, Don, Tover. If I could describe the whole ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it as very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style. It is like earring candy. Check out bows.com for more.


Hey, what if I told you that you could switch your business software to an interconnected suite of programs that's more efficient and simpler than what you're using and would cost a fraction of what you're spending? You might think, oh wow, but You Should think, oh do, oh do. Is that suite of software I'm talking about with all the business software you need from CRM to sales to HR on one platform, Discover, how ODU can take your business to the next level by visiting ooo.com. That's o doo.com.