
What's up? It's me. Don, Tover, If. I could describe the open air bud. I would describe it as very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go, And it. Just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


Everywhere you look, things are getting more expensive. So at Consumer Cellular we are lowering the price for those 50 and up. Now you can get unlimited talk text and data for $30 a line. When you buy two. That's just $60 a month for two unlimited lines. So if you're 50 and up, make the switch and save. Come on, you've earned this. Call 1-888-FREEDOM or visit consumer cellular.com today requires two lines of service, H validation, and credit approval subject to system and area limits taxes and other fees apply.


Hi folks. Happy Saturday. I hope you're enjoying your weekend. I hope you're with your friends, your family, your loved one, If, you don't like anybody at all. Hope you're by yourself and you're having a good time. I just hope you're well in general. This episode is from May 15th, 2018 and it's called What's a Quinceanera. Anyway, I didn't know until we did this episode to listen and find out. If. you don't know. Welcome to Stuff. You Should. Know. A production of iHeartRadio Radio. Hey and welcome to the podcast.


I'm Josh Clark and there's Charles w Choke Bryant and there's Jerry. And this is a very special day for us. It's a very special day for Jerry. 'cause she's celebrating her her very special day. 'cause today Jerry turns sweet 15, Right? Well technically it's her triple quinceanera. No, Jerry started producing the show when she was five. Oh yeah. Remember She was the wonder kid. She Was the child. Prodigy threw a lot of temper tantrums. Yeah. But we got through that time. We did the terrible fives And now she's just a pretty little lady in her pink Lacey Satiny dress. Yeah, that dress is a lot. Even for a quinceanera dress.


Jerry agreed. Can I go ahead and say I, I don't do the R roll very well, so I'm just gonna say quinceanera Okay. Instead of quinceanera. Yeah, that wasn't very good either. Right? I used to do a good R role 'cause of German, but I feel like I've lost it a bit. And I. Guess it's actually an N role. Quinceanera the N. That was good, right? Yeah. But if I try to keep it up, it's, it's, I think it's gonna fatigue everybody pretty quick. So quinceanera. Well, and the last thing we wanna be are two jackass white dudes. Well, that's what we're doing. Land it on too thick. Two 40 something White dudes are about to talk about quinceaneras.


Like we know what we're talking about. Well, We did the research. And I. Think it's, I think it's good to cover stuff like this. I do too. I had very little understanding about this just from what I've seen on like MTV or whatever, you know. Did they have a show? They have one called like My Sweet 16 or whatever that I might be conflating with. But I swear I've seen Quinton. Like I knew some of this stuff somewhere. I don't know where though. Somewhere just in the, just being plugged into culture. I knew it, I guess. Yeah. Well I lived in Los Angeles as you know, and they have obviously quite a Latin population. And I looked up Hispanic and Latino.


I wanted to get it. All right. Good. Good. Let's hear what you got. Well, it says that they can generally use interchangeably these days, but I think Latino can, like, I think Hispanic refers to whether or not you actually have Spanish speaking roots. Oh, is that right? But Latino can be like Brazil and places in South America as well, if I'm not mistaken. I heard once that Ronald Reagan was the person who coined the term Hispanic, or at least popularized it. Really? Yeah. Well it was that tattoo across his upper back Hispanic for life. For life, yep. With the number four. But at any rate, you know, I lived in LA and there's, you know, a large Mexican population.


So I would see Quintane going on all the time when you're just driving around on a weekend. That's, I would see stuff And I was like, wait a minute, it's not prom, it's summer. Like what's going on? It's like prom times 10. And then some somebody hit me in the head and they're like, you dummy, you dumb white guy from the south. It's a quinceanera. Right? And so I was like, well, you know what, one day I'm gonna do a podcast about that. They said, what is a podcast To make up for all This? He said, just watch. That's right. So one thing I saw was with Lati, you know, like with Latino or Latino, there's that ingrained masculine.


But something I, I saw pop up in a couple of sites was they would replace the O or the A with an X just to make it gender word gender neutral. Like Latinx. Oh Yeah. I don't know how you pronounce it. I didn't get that far. But I, I saw it in print in a couple different sites to where they were trying to remove the gender from, you know, Latino or Latina and just make it gender, gender neutral. Because there's, there's a, I haven't seen it, but there's an HBO documentary about quinceaneras and one of them is for a trans girl. Okay. Would it be pronounced lax? Maybe.


I mean, how I have to see it written down. How is the X in like Oaxaca, isn't it like, ha. So maybe I have no idea. That's where I'm going with, here We go. I didn't want to be too dumb dumbs. And we're so far down. Dumb dumb lane. It's not even funny. No. So let's try to get this back on the rail, shall we? I think what we just did was great. 'cause we explored some questions we had, but now we can talk about everything we know about kin and gatis. Right. Which is, we've been dancing around this thing. This is the, the 15th birthday celebration for young ladies. Young women in Mexico, Puerto Rico and Cuba in the United States, kind of all over the world.


This is, this can take place. Yeah. And. it seems to be so the, it's a, it's actually a, a very traditional thing to where Catholic, like the catholicness of the girl Yeah. And her even pre Catholic origins bin together with what I guess you would call like is a universal coming of age celebration. Yeah. That also focuses on the individuality and tastes of the girl. You put all those things together, you have a quinceanera, which is a, a a 15th birthday party.


Yeah. Which is a coming out party for a girl as she transitions from girlhood into womanhood. It happens on this day and they throw a huge celebration. And there's a lot of really cool traditions that you're gonna find at like every quinceanera that are, that have some, a neat origin story to 'em or a neat symbolism to 'em, And also some great music, some delicious food, and some family coming together for an important day. It's really great. Not just family, the whole community is meant to, you know, like extended family, people in the community that have like, had a, an impact on the girl's life, like a teacher or people chip in for the expense of this.


It's like a real communal thing. Should we go Back in time? Okay. Let's, Or did you wanna go to the future? No, no, we'll go back in time. Alright. So the origins of this, they date back all the way to the Aztec Indians. Obviously in the 14 hundreds and 15 hundreds they were performing these festivals because girls back then were marriage ready at the age of 15. That's kind of what it symbolized. Right? And like it's, it wasn't just the Aztecs like around the world and cultures around the world. Like you, you would find some sort of coming of age or rites of passage into womanhood. And Yeah.


When you came out the other end, it was like you were on the market then from that point on. That's right. And they had ceremonies, they had speeches talking about how important it is to become a, a wise, upstanding member of society as a young woman. Then the Spanish come along, of course, they invade what we now call Mexico over through the Aztecs And that brought in a, a European influence to this whole experience. And this is where things got a little more, a little more like debutante. Yeah. It, it's actually, I I looked into this a little further, Chuck, and they, they are, they can't say for certain where quinceaneras came from, but they think the Aztecs, but their source comes from a single nun working in Mexico who wrote an account that had been given to a priest 40 years earlier Wow.


From another priest who had supposedly in the 1520s interviewed some Aztec high priests about their culture. So that's where the whole idea that there was a rite of passage at age 15 comes from kinda shaky. And then other people say, well, no, this is obviously a Spanish colonial influence like being presented at court. But the, the idea that it's a rite of passage into womanhood is so universal that it probably is a combination of the two of them. No one can just say for certain though, what the origin is specifically. Yeah. And apparently until the 1960s it was really kind of an upper class thing. But then in the 1960s as Latinos immigrated to the United States and they became more part of American fabric, they really kind of really kind of spread throughout the US and Latin America as becoming across all socioeconomic classes.


And we'll get to this a little more later, but wonderfully, like you said, in poor communities, you see entire communities chipping in some money many times. Or the, the godmothers and godfathers of Pinos and Madina. You like that? Yes. Yeah. That was good to Help pay for this stuff. I saw this photographer did a, a really great photo series of quinceaneras celebrations in poor neighborhoods in Mexico and photographs these really beautiful photographs of these, of these young women in their dresses, sort of in the middle of a very depressed neighborhood. And just showing how important it was that they still had this celebration, even though they, they, it was, it was a burden financially on their families.


Right? Yeah. I think Mexico City got together in 2007 and some of the businesses, some of the, some nonprofit groups held like a, a big mass quinceanera and now they do it every year for girls who, who wouldn't otherwise be able to have one. Yeah. I also read a New York Times article where there's a lot of bias, like when it comes to things like this and, and bar and bat mitzvahs and debutante balls where it's very easy for someone to say, like, you, you know, if if you're poor living in Mexico City, why are you wasting? And that's in air quotes, your money on this celebration when your family doesn't have much money.


And they say, you know, you never hear this kind of criticism for bar mitzvahs and bat mitzvahs or debutantes regardless of socio socioeconomic status. So this is just a very important, important part of their culture that should be, shouldn't be looked down upon just because they may not have the kind of money to throw a big one. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, Yeah. And I'm, yeah, I'm sure I, one of the things though, you, you just kind of hit on the head is that it's a, it's a, it's a part of Latinx culture, which is one reason why it's become so big in America. It's a way of people of Latino heritage to say, you know, this is my heritage too, and this is how I'm gonna come of age right.


In America. But because it's also in America, and these are American born girls of Latina heritage, they, they have come over time to kind of meld together with what Americans look at and say, that's just one enormous sweet 16 party. Right? But there's, there's some details in there that you'll find at a quinceanera that you won't at a Sweet 16 party. And we'll talk about those right after this. Well done.


Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. Artesian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now, artesian is having a huge site-wide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year, or the right kind of bad, get them artesian at the push of a button, make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds, all for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker when you spend 400 through Cyber Monday. Visit artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I-A n.com/cocktail.


Wouldn't it be nice if getting what you wanted? Didn't take so much work with Xfinity? Finding what to watch is effortless. Just say movies into your Xfinity Voice remote to see picks from your subscriptions all in one place. Plus find more of what you love and jam out to iHeart Radio's. iHeart Christmas and North Pole Radio hosted by Santa. So you can skip the endless scroll and get right to the good stuff.


ODU is business management made so simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes Business software can't talk to other programs. But Odoo, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use Odoo because they save you money. Odoo makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's ODO o.com.


Good job. Thanks.


It's ready from the Bobby Bone Show here to tell you that the National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new SUV, like an adventure Ready RAV4. Yeah. Available with all-wheel drive. Your new RAV4 is built for performance on any terrain. Or check out a stylish and comfortable Highlander seating up to eight passengers and available panoramic moonroof. You can sit back, enjoy the wide open views with the whole family, check out more of this national sales event. The deals are there when you visit. Buy a toyota.com. That's buy a toyota.com. Toyota. Let's go places.


All right Charles. So we are going to start the day. It's a frantic day. It's a hectic day from everything I understand from what I've read it. This is a, and actually like a cool day for a girl, but also very stressful, right? Yeah. It's like a, It's like a wedding or a prom or anything where there's a lot of pressure on this one, you know, six hour experience. But think about this, with a wedding, you've got your, so to plan the wedding with, with prom, you've got a handful of other girls to plan, you know what you're doing with prom. Yeah. And plus prom's already being planned for you by your school or whatever.


Sure. This is like your day and part of your responsibility is the quinceanera, which by the way, quinceanera literally translates to the girl who is 15. Yeah. So this is technically your fiesta day quinceanera or something like that. Right. Part of your responsibility as quinceanera is to show that you can take part in this planning. On the one hand it's to allow it to reflect your personality and your taste. So you're the one who needs to choose all this stuff. but it also shows that you can be a grownup too and undertake months of planning leading up to this thing and basically pull it off. Correct. Right. Okay. So the whole thing starts with a trip to church, which is not what you're gonna find, like all good parties.


Right. Which is not what you're gonna find. Find a, a normal American, like say sweet 16 party. No And it And it depends on the church where you're gonna have, and you know, sometimes the celebration also occurs at the church. Sometimes that occurs at a different spot, kinda like a wedding. You know, sometimes you'll have the reception somewhere else. Right. That's not how it started. Which, we'll, we'll talk about that in a minute, but go ahead. But it depends on the church where you are a member or where you're having this initial ceremony. But the girl before this all happens for weeks ahead of time, may actually be required to attend classes in advance of this. So they're prepared, they know to what to expect. Right.


They, well, yeah, that's about it. As far as the weeks ahead part. Well, I mean as far As the church goes Well and all the planning. Yeah, of course. Right. So on the day they arrive at the church, and you were saying like, you know, now it's kind of evolved to where you have like, like, like a wedding. You have the ceremony of the church and then the event elsewhere. Well, you Can, Right. And that's becoming more and more the way, but one of the reasons that is becoming the way is because in 1990 in Los Angeles, the Los Angeles Archdiocese issued like a set of guidelines that basically put the kibosh on this idea of the quinceanera as a big lavish affair. And. it really dampened this burgeoning, I guess industry.


Yeah. It's an industry or tradition or whatever. And it put a damper on it for a little while because families didn't want to go against the church. So they kind of toned down the quinceaneras. But the reason the church was doing this is because there were too many quinceaneras, not enough Spanish speaking priests. And then also the, the Catholic church has always had an awkward position in this, in this tradition. It's not a Catholic tradition. It's a cultural tradition by a group of people who are predominantly Catholic. Yeah. And involve the church as part of this tradition. But this, this tradition, if anything, is a synchronized tradition. Remember when we were in Guatemala, the, the melding of Catholic beliefs and like pagan, pre, pre colonial beliefs, indigenous beliefs is syncretism.


This is an example of that. There's like Aztec rituals supposedly mixed with this. The whole thing starts at a, at a Catholic church with a mass. So the church is kind of had a alternately hands on and hands-off view of this whole thing. And in 1990 they almost put a a, a complete damper on it. But since then it's just kind of said, okay, we'll just start off at the church and we'll have the the party afterward. Elsewhere. Yeah. And I've also seen that a lot of churches now are, are straying away from me is because they feel like there's just a lot of disrespectful behavior. Like, you know, people partying on the pews and taking pictures with their phone and texting and like, they kind of forget that they're in a church.


Right. Which, I mean, If you step back and think about it, having a girl's 15 year birthday party in an actual church. Yeah. That's a terrible idea to begin with. That's probably a bad Idea. So it makes sense to, to do this kind of solemn ceremony at the church and then party elsewhere, which I think is pretty much par for the course these days. Alright. So before the mass takes place, this young woman has, and, and Kristen Conger, remember Kristen Of course. What's the name of their podcast? Un ladylike. Unladylike, that's right. Yeah. Kristen Caroline, formerly of, of stuff Mom Never told you. Now with Unlady, like she wrote this article and she said that custom calls for 14 DMAs or maiden attendance to represent the 14 years of her life.


Up into that point I saw elsewhere seven. That's What I saw too. To be paired with seven young men. You wanna pronounce that Shabas? Yeah, that's, that's how I took it. Shabas. But Shabas, I read in another place, I was like, well wait a minute, which is it? And apparently you can be seven to 15. So Yeah. Depending on I guess how many really close friends you have, kinda like picking out your, your bridesmaids and groomsmen. Yeah. And I saw plenty of videos of quinceaneras where like there were three girls. Yeah, there's A four. Yeah. But I think under strict tradition of the quinceanera, you would have 14 girls and 15 dudes.


You got 14 dhammas, 15 shamba lanes, and then one I got it. And then one Shamba lane day on air, which I totally missed up. but it, it's, it's basically the, the escort of honor who is the, the quinceaneras date. That's right. And again, I'm sure that there's some leeway. The quinceanera cops aren't gonna come by 'cause you don't have enough friends helping you. They have larger fish to fry on quinceanera day. Right. Although the whoever is helping you plan this, it would probably love it. If, you had 14 guys and 14 girls.


'cause they all have to be outfitted Oh Yeah. In exactly what you want them to wear because it's your party. That's right. And, I don't think we mentioned, but the dress is a very big part of the celebration. Traditionally it's either pink or white. Very sety. I mean, it looks kinda like a prom dress, a big frilly floor length gown. But then it also is eight feet wide. Yeah, exactly. At the waist, like out. It's extraordinary. It's like a princess dress. Yeah. Like I want a quinceanera. Oh, we can throw you one buddy. Okay. You wanna do that? Sure. You wanna get all pretty for the camera? I definitely would to find a nice dress.


All right. So the first stop though, like you said, is the church. And this is where a a lot of the, the ceremony takes place. They receive a blessing from a priest. The young woman commits herself to her protecting her virginity and her spiritual devotion. And then they leave a bouquet of flowers near the, the Virgin Mary statue. And then traditionally they would give away a porcelain doll, one of their childhood dolls. Or again, tradition varies these days. It might be a step teddy bear or something else that just meant something to the girl. One Thing I saw was A quincea Barbie. Oh yeah.


All right. Well they'll pass that along to a younger sister or another relative, another female relative to basically say like, again, symbolic of I'm entering young adulthood And, I'm passing on this silly Barbie to you. What's the name of that? The Ultima Moonka. Oh, I don't know. I didn't see that. Ultima. It means the last doll. Okay. And. it shows that she's leaving Girlhood behind. Right. And you can guess which, which one of those, the ceramic doll or the old toy or the brand new Barbie, the younger female relative wants Yeah. These days. Sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, so that may or may not happen at the church.


The thing that seems to be what definitely happens at the church is the girl is presented with a rosary, a prayer book or a bible, and leaves flowers at the altar and or the statue of the Virgin Mary. And then receives a blessing. Right? That's right. So let's say that all that happened at the church and the, the girl has been blessed. Sometimes it's part of a regular mass. Like she may stand up and come up to the altar and get a special blessing. If, if, if her parents are pulling all the right strings, maybe she can get her own mass for it. But she may also be sharing that mass with other quinceaneras. There's a bunch of different ways to do it. But once the mass is done, once she said, like, I am committing myself to the Catholic church and I'm a very spiritual girl and, and thanks for the blessing.


I'm Audi 5,000. She's heading off to the party. That's right. Get that just like a good wedding. Get that part over with quickly so you can get your party on. Right. So while she's getting into the limo, we'll take another break. Okay. All right. Look at her trying to stuff that dress in that thing.


No Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. Bian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now Barian is having a huge site-wide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year, or the right kind of bad, get them barian at the push of a button. Make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds, all for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker. When you spend 400 through Cyber Monday. Visit artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I-A n.com/cocktail.


Wouldn't it be nice if getting what you wanted? Didn't take so much work with Xfinity? Finding what to watch is effortless. Just say movies into your Xfinity Voice remote to see picks from your subscriptions all in one place. Plus find more of what you love and jam out to iHeart radio's. iHeart Christmas and North Pole Radio hosted by Santa. So you can skip the endless scroll and get right to the good stuff.


ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But ODU, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use ODU because they save you money. Odoo makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com.


Good job. Thanks.


This is Steve Covino from Covino and Rich here to tell you, Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency With each innovation, a commitment to progress and with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half ton tundra. You can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Okay, Chuck. So she has gotten in the limo, she's driven off and now they're going to the venue, which is basically anywhere that you would also hold like a wedding reception. You could hold a quince igner party. Yeah, I mean it Could be de it really depends on the budget of the family involved. They could rent out a a, a large hall or they could it Could be in the backyard of their own home or at a friend's house. Yeah. And again, this is not just on the parent's shoulders. It's very customary and very traditional for the girl to approach family members. Yeah. Members of the business community. Just anybody she can think of to say, Hey, costs are really adding up.


And can you, you know, chip in a little bit and like the the quinceanera will be sponsored by multiple people besides just her parents. Yeah. And I did I also read in that article on that really great photo spread. The guy did, he interviewed the family members and one of the families, he said, how long have you, you know, they didn't have much money. And he said, how long have you been saving for this? And they said for 15 years. Oh Man. Like they, they started socking away money every year because they knew this was coming. That Is so great. And. It was important. It was a very sweet story. Yeah. I think the aspect that, you know, the, the community chips in and, and also comes to like witness this girl's transition to adulthood.


I just really appreciate that. Yeah. I think it's really cool that that's part of it, you know? Agreed. It makes it rather than it's just, oh, the parents are footing the bill for everything. I just think that's cool. Yeah. Well, and it's a culture where family and community is such a important revered thing and it's something I that I'm envious of, you know? Yeah, For sure. So when the, when the girl gets there, the first thing that's gonna happen is the music's gonna be starting and her court's going to come in and get introduced. Those are the dhammas and the shambal lanes. Why is that not sounding right? Because it Sounds French.


Right. Right. Okay. So that's but am I, am I pronouncing it French? I don't know. That's what I'm saying. It, it, I'm not sure. I don't know the origins of that word. Okay, so those two, her court, they're gonna come in one by one and get announced virtually just like a, a wedding when the bride and groom show up the the grooms maids? No, the bride. Grooms. Maids. The groomsmen's and the the bridesmaids. Yes. Come on man, bear With me. You're hanging in there. They, they get introduced, you know, one by one as they're coming in. And then finally the the shamble land, the, the, the honorary escort is introduced and then you finally have the quinceanera come in and the music changes and she's like, you're like raising the roof, you know, and the, the parties just everyone erupts into just craziness from that moment on.


Yeah. And again, it Could be a dj, it Could be a mariachi band. It Could be a rock band. It Could be It Could, be a DJ playing mariachi music. It Could be it Could be like with my wedding, I had a, an iPod loaded up with my mix Very nice. And just hit play. Nice. So this is probably a DJ with a light system and a dance floor. Every, all the videos I saw are very much like that. Yeah. So the, the court's been introduced and then one of the first things that happens is the girl is presented with a crown Tiara. She's presented with a scepter.


So for the killing, Right? For the bashing. Yeah. That comes later. And then Right. The ritual, the ritual killing of the chipmunk. And she's seated probably on a throne of some sort or a central chair. Maybe one of those like wicker, remember the wicker like seventies chair? Oh yeah. That like flared out and up. Yeah. That looked kind of like this Isaac case. Yeah. Maybe she's sitting on one of those. But she's, she's basically the center of attention right then. And something kind of cool happens. The shoes she was wearing that she came in with flat sold sandals or slippers or something like that. Her dad comes over and takes those off and then he puts on high heels.


Yeah. And snaps his fingers twirls and goes, she's a woman. Yes. And, I bet you anything This, this young lady has practiced walking in those before. Right. I don't think she would want her first experience in high heels to be in that dress on the big day. No, it's just logical Chuck talking. Although It would be fun to watch. Oh no, come on. You don't think it would be. No one wants to see a What do they, Kristen said they call her K girls sometimes. Yeah. It's, no one wants to see a kink girl fall over That. It's true. Except you. But you got laughed at while you did the backstroke, so I get it. Yeah. Mocked.


They may also get gifts, but not always. A lot of times there are symbolic gifts. A lot of times other people will bring gifts, but from the parents, the, the festival and ceremony itself is the gift. But sometimes if the parents have some dough and a big budget, they may get what's called regalo sorea, which is a surprise gift on top of everything else. And this of course is including, like you mentioned, the prayer book and the rosary and the Bible and stuff like that. Right. And that those were probably given to her at the church before. I'm thinking that depending on the position of her parents socioeconomically the girl's probably getting other, other presents too.


Yeah. But yes, supposedly just the quinceanera party is like you, this is plenty, don't you think? Yeah. But I think the gifts too also are always represent that transition into adulthood. So she's not getting the dolls anymore. She gets maybe some jewelry or earrings and stuff like that. Right. Stuff To deliver her into womanhood. And then guests are also given gifts as well. And Sure. Party favors The way that the whole thing's set up, even though the community like might have people that chip in or family members or whatever the, the parents are saying like, come help celebrate our, our daughter's transition into womanhood.


Right. So the the party is meant as like a gift for the guests. Right. And, and so the, the thing is kind of meant to be like, come and get your eat on and your drink on and just have a lot of fun. The the thing is, is part of that welcomeness And that inclusiveness And that you know, please come and, and be a part of this. That backfired really hard for this one couple, have you heard about Ruby Ibarra Garcia? No. Oh my. So Ruby Ibarra Garcia turned 15 on December 26th. 19 year 2016. Okay. Okay. Just like a year or so ago.


And she is from La Jolla, which is in San Luis Potosi, Mexico. And it's a little tiny town of 200. And her parents decided to get with the times of make like a YouTube invitation, a video invitation to come to Ruby's quinceanera. But they, they posted it on YouTube and they didn't put any privacy settings on And. it went viral. And 20,000 people from around the world showed up to Ruby's quinceanera party in this little town of 200. That's Kind of great though, right? It Was great on the one hand, but If, you look at the photos from it, she was very much overwhelmed the entire time.


Yeah, that's true. Was not expecting it. Apparently like, like on Facebook, like over a million people said they were coming, but even still 20,000 and If, you look, there's like all these stands set up and like people from all over the country and the world chipped in to like feed everybody and make sure everybody had drinks or whatever. Wow. So the, the parents said, okay, we're, we're doing this. And they, they did it. They, they stepped up and, and met their, their their or they kept their welcome to everybody, I guess is a way to put it. That's kinda great. But I, I can definitely see on the day that the girl might have been overwhelmed, but I bet she also in retrospect is like, Hey, I've got one cool story for my life now. Oh yeah, she's got a big old story and she got a Chevy Volt.


Oh, Serious. Yeah. I couldn't tell. I literally couldn't tell If you were just being jokey. Josh. There She is. Nope, that was, I didn't even need to be that time. So Chevy got involved, of course. I think her parents gave her that. Oh, I figured Chevy was like, Hey, Think good Press outta This. Think that was, I think that was her rlo Sorea her surprise Gift. Yes. Wow. And speaking of Reis, the, that was Yumi Spanish name by the way. But speaking of Reis, there's also Chuck. Go on to YouTube and type in ba Reza, B-A-I-L-E Reza and just start watching these videos because the ba preza is one of the hallmarks of the quinceanera party and they are about as adorable and embarrassing as you can, can imagine.


What what does that mean though? What, what is it? Oh, It's a surprise dance. So, oh, okay. It's like for months ahead of time, the quinceanera and her court will practice a dance, right. That they make up, or that they hire like a choreographer And that will like perform this dance for the guests. It's a surprise dance. It's like part of the quinceanera and they're, they're very cute to watch, especially, So they try to have fun with it. I guess They do, but they also are really, they're very earnest about it too. Like, they're like, they practice this dance and they, they're doing it and it's, it's very cute. That's wonderful. You can also hire Shamba Lanes professional ones.


Oh really? And they're all like dancers by trade, so they're, they'll like really knock your socks off of your guests, but it's, you know, it's lacking that heart of something. You and your friends came up with yourself or you Could If, you had a lot of dough. You could hire a choreographer like Paula Abdul or something. Yeah, yeah. Like her, She's still choreographing, right? Yeah. Choreographing, choreographing. Something's bad wrong with us today. I know, man. You got anything else? I do. This is a little so persa for you. My friend, there was a father in Texas a couple of years ago that spent $6 million Oh my, on his 15-year-old daughter.


Oh my, He what's his name here? He's an attorney named Thomas J. Henry of San Antonio. And they were very kinda, well-known family. His daughter Maya is big on Instagram and social media and she's big into activism. So she's like, you know, she's not just your ordinary teen. Good For her. Although that is kind of ordinary these days, thankfully To be a a well-known teen activist. Well, to be active. Sure. Yeah. But at her quinceanera, she had Nick Jonas perform Pit Bull perform. Sure. Let me see what else here. A 55,000 square foot space that they built.


I don't think they built it from scratch, but it, it does say that it was built purpose-built venue. How many guests? 600 guests, man. A 30 foot tall cherry trees, a 30 foot tall cherry cheese and full blossom. Wow. Walls of roses. A garden room. The ballroom with butterfly suspended from the ceiling. She wore a Rolando Santana dress, which means nothing to me. Yeah, me either, But I assume that means it's something. She had her makeup done by Patrick Ta, who does the Kardashians, her photographer was Michelle Obama's photographer and Thomas Henry and his wife, whose name is Azteca, beautiful name.


They hired a New York social event planner named David Mon. He had 150 person team to, to plan out this party. And finally they arrived by police escort in nine Rolls Royces. Well, kids, why not? Why not get the police involved And not to feel too bad for her little brother? Or I guess maybe it was a big brother. He spent $4 million on that kid's 18th birthday I believe. Queso preza. So they have, they dropped 10 million bucks on a couple of parties for their kids, Man. And those, the girls in Mexico City are happy to, to be part of the Citywide annual one.


Yeah. I wonder what pit bull got paid for that? A mill Maybe. I bet Nick Jonas got more than Pit Bull, did You think? Yeah. and of course she had her, her pictures with both of them and Well, I'm sure that was part of, it's like, Yeah man. All right, well that is something. What's her name? Maya? Yeah, Maya. Maya Henry. Oh, I gotta look that up. If. you want to know more about quinceanera as well? Just show up to one uninvited. Yeah. See, see how that goes. You know what? You'd probably be welcomed Probably Chuck probably, and since I said probably a couple times, it's time for listener mail.


Hey guys, longtime listener card carrying member of the Stuff You Should Know Army I've always wanted to write in, but just hadn't found the right topic until the it Stranger Things script, retooling debate. That was during emojis. Stephen King is by far my favorite author, And. it is my absolute favorite of his novels. Highly recommend also a huge Stranger Things fan, though I have no media experience. I do have an MBA and know a thing or two about marketing for what it's worth, I side with Josh with the studio, definitely retooling the script to create synergies between it and Stranger Things. Aside from casting the Stranger Things Kid, which to me is a smoking gun. They changed the setting in the film to take place in the eighties. Like Stranger Things, the novel the story follows, the main characters is in the fifties.


And then again as adults in the eighties, there were elements of the story that didn't translate as well into the eighties in my opinion. but it was a small price to pay in order to captivate that Stranger Thing's audience. Just one guy's opinion, but I'd like to say one guy's informed opinion. Sorry Chuck. For what it's worth as a movie crush or as a movie buff, I always catch movie Crush. Keep it up. Mike Sanders and Mike. I, I did a very simple Google search and found that Stranger Things was released in July, 2016. And principle photography of it began about a week before that. Okay. So that's therefore rendering that impossible.


Here's the thing, movies have been known to change horses midstream. Right? I don't think that that settles it. If you ask me. So you think they shot a bunch of the movie in the 1950s and said, wait a minute, this TV show over here is doing great. No, no, no, no, no, No. Let's go make it the Eighties. No, I don't think that Let's recast this kid that we've already cast. I think I I think that they're, I think that they did retool. I do don't After They started shooting. Did. Yeah. I don't think they did. F they I don't think they were shooting in the fifties. I think they were probably shooting in the eighties. I think they really, my whole point has been that they played up the same things that Stranger Things was known for And that you wouldn't find in, in the, the book.


It that And that they plumped up that stuff because of Stranger Things. That's my assertion. So as they're shooting the film, it They're doing rewrites and They're doing rewrites. Yeah. 'cause they're like, man, we gotta lock into this TV show. Yes. And you can also do that in the editing booth as you know as well. Which would've happened long after Stranger Things was already a smash cultural phenomenon. All right. That's, I I don't think it's settled, man. Okay. And. it never will be. Alright. Un until the editor tells me himself or herself that I'm just dead wrong. Okay, If, you want to settle a bet, you can send us an email to stuff podcast@houseofworks.com and is always join us at our home on the web Stuff You Should Know dot com.


Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio for more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.


Wouldn't it be nice if getting what you wanted didn't take so much work with Xfinity? Finding what to watch is effortless. Just say movies into your Xfinity Voice remote to see pics from your subscriptions all in one place. Plus find more of what you love and jam out to iHeart Radio's. iHeart Christmas and North Pole Radio hosted by Santa so you can skip the endless scroll and get right to the good stuff.


You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart Trillo Efgartigimod Alpha and Hyaluronidase Q Vfc works by visiting vyvgart.com/mo a. That's V-Y-V-G-A-R t.com/moa. Brought to you by Argen X


Vitamin Water was born in New York City because New Yorkers needed a drink that can do it all. 'cause we can do it all like walk 30 blocks and under an hour. Follow four of the city's sports teams at once and spend all day in the Chinatown Arcade. Drink Vitamin Water. It's from New York.