
If you're like us undiagnosed with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity, you Are blissfully unaware of the breathing interruptions and the That may happen during sleep. You're More than the symptoms you've been ignoring. Daytime sleepiness, fatigue. Irritability. They Shouldn't be getting in the way. It's time to address OSA Head On. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This Information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C from Disney.


On March 21st, the musical movie event of the year arrives in theaters. My name is Snow White Flawless. Exquisite. Get tickets now waiting on a wish Snow White will have you on your feet. I think that's a wonderful idea. And cheering for more. I was thinking the same thing. Experience the magical story Magic Mirror on the wall. Who's the fairest? One of all. Snow White, Disney, snow White. Only in theater's March 21st rated PG rental guidance. Suggested tickets on sale now.


Hi everybody. Chuck here. It's May 9th, 2017 and podcast time. I know it's really 2025, but we're going all the way back to May of 2017 to talk about itching. Oh boy. Just seeing that title probably makes you itch and that's one of the deals with itching, if I remember correctly. So I hope you dig it and I hope you're not too itchy right now. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark. There's Charles w Chuck Bryant, and there's Jerry Roland.


So this is Stuff You Should Know. Scratching edition. Yeah. This is one of many. You remember when we did yawning? Yeah. Well that's the only one I can think of where just researching something Yeah. Makes you do the thing you're researching. This definitely happened with this one. Yeah. Well we ran across that in Poison ivy and Scabies for sure. Oh yeah. And talked about some of this stuff, but I think itch, we had a itch we needed to scratch. Yeah. With this particular topic. Well, I'm glad I've been wanting to do this one for a while. Yeah. You did a video about this, right? Yes. A short video.


No, it was three, four hours long. Okay. If I remember correctly. Does that Mean we have to do this? Do I have to be here for the next four Hours? Yeah, we have to just play the whole thing and then we'll talk about it for an hour after that. Sounds good. Okay. I think it was a brain stuff video, wasn't it? Yeah, I watched it. Did it scratch your itch? Yeah, I watched it yesterday. Oh, okay. Nice work. Thank you very much. You're just like, now we finally arrive at what I was after Compliment. Yeah, no, it was great. Thanks man. So I guess the, the point of all that is to say you guys are going, you're going right, my videos are the best that you're going to scratch.


You're gonna feel an itch, which is one of the great mysteries of itches. It turns out we only very, very recently have started to get a handle on what itches are. Yeah. And there's still plenty of mysteries left to it. Like for example, it's bizarre and there's really no evolutionary reason as far as anyone can tell why just hearing about itches or seeing someone else scratch can make you itch. Right. That's that's odd. That's, that's weird. Or seeing a video of an ant crawling up. Yeah. An arm will make you itch. It will. But I mean, think about it. If somebody is sitting there, you see a video of some schmo who's got his hand like near an oven and he pulls it away really quick.


It doesn't hurt your hand. It doesn't make you feel like burning. Your hand is burned. Nah, this doesn't happen. I don't even think that would excite mirror neurons like a leg break wood. No, you're just like, what a stupid idiot. That's what it excites. You know? I hope that guy's hand just burns clean off. That's what I think. Right, right. Yeah. You sourced a couple of, well, we had our own article on house stuff forks.com. Yeah. But you also sent this great New Yorker article written by Dr. Atul Gawande. One of the best names in writing today. Yeah. That may be my new hotel name. Well, you may be thronged by science. Right. Science fans.


'cause that guy's pretty, pretty well known. Actually. I don't, I've never used it. At least at a hotel. That's dumb. And I don't even know If you can, can you, I guess if you're a big shot you can Yeah. But you have to be like, I'm not Brad Pit, I'm a tool gowane. Right. But the, we'll get to some of the more interesting aspects of that article later. Specifically a very specific patient that's quite distressing. So calm down for now a tool's mom, But We'll get to it eventually. He did include a couple of neat historical tidbits. Like in 1660, there was a, and Germans are all over this thing for some reason.


Yeah. You know, researchers that they're, they're all German. They had the itch to explain the itch, I guess so Yeah, the itch. Right. But there was a physician in 1660 name Samuel Haffenreffer. Actually, that's my new hotel name. Yeah, it, that's a good one. He kind of, well he defined it by saying an itch, an unpleasant sensation that provokes the desire to scratch. Pretty simple. Yeah. But right on the money. It is. And actually it's so, it's so on the money that anywhere you look in the medical literature, whenever they define itch word for word, that's the the definition they use. Although The H Hoffman Rougher.


Yeah. Although poor Hoffman rougher doesn't get credit for it all the time. But that's the one, the only expansion of that that I've seen is that can occur anywhere on the body, which apparently is true. I think Hoffman rougher. He, he felt that was implied. Right. You Know, it's like, it goes without saying. Yeah. And then I'm, I'm scratching right now, by the way. Are Yeah. It started. Yeah. I don't know if I just noticed more because as I was doing it, I was thinking, well now I'm scratching. Then I thought, do I always scratch this much or itch this much? Oh, I hadn't thought about that. I'm pretty sure that I was, I don't think I scratch as much as, I don't know. You raise a really good Question.


Maybe we can get an intern to follow us around and just record our scratching. Right. I'm surprised that that's not already a TV show, frankly. Josh and Chuck scratch Just being followed around. Yeah. Oh, You know, No one wants to see that. Well, that's probably why it's not, you're Scratching. See that's what I'm saying. I don't think I scratch this much. I don't notice it. All right. Moving on to Dante's Inferno. It, it was in Dante's Inferno, the burning rage of fierce itching that nothing could relieve is how FALs fires were punished. Yeah. Do you know what a falsify is?


Mm. Us. I No really Like, isn't that that somebody who like bears false witness or somebody who falsifies a document or I dunno, Is it just a fancy name for liar? Maybe? Oh, I thought you were gonna tell me. You were just wondering. Yeah, I don't, I don't know. All right. Well I don't know what Dante meant, but they're, they're bad people. Sure. Apparently there's a special place in health for him. Literally. Well, I guess actually not literally Figuratively. Sure. Literarily. Oh, very nice. So itching scientifically is known as PTUs. P-R-U-R-I-T-I-S. Yeah. It's one of those tough to pronounce things for me at least.


And for, well actually they still believe that the evolution of the itch was to help humans survive basically. Because so many things that can kill you and and nature are things like mosquitoes or flies. Right. Or spiders. Or fleas. Yeah. That can have like malaria or the plague or any number of diseases attached to their tiny little insect bodies. Right. So, hey human, you've got a mosquito on your neck that could kill you. You might want to slap it or scratch. Yeah. And that's still, as far as I know, the, the evolutionary hypothesis for why we experience itching.


Yeah. And it's not just us either. It's, well, You're scratching like crazy down. Yeah. It's found throughout the animal kingdom from us to apparently fish have shown scratching behavior. Yeah. That's crazy. Fruit flies. How does the fish Scratch? You might ask, It rubs up against rocks. Yeah, It's kinda cute. It is a little cute. It's like, I remember my dad did like the, who was the Bear and Jungle book? Was that Ballou? Yes. He would do the Ballou where he would get up against a tree or a wall. Oh yeah. Yeah. And then I did it probably because of that. I'm sure that's where I got it and realized that it works and I still do it every now and then. Oh yeah. Yeah. It looked kind of silly, but Do you sing while you do it?


Yeah. The bear necessities. Right. That's still my favorite. What else are you gonna sing? Like mambo number five? I'm gonna start doing that actually. You could be like, think something's wrong with Chuck. Yeah. So like you said though, it was up until almost, what was it, 1987, the mid to late eighties. Yeah. That another German ho aka and his gang Sure. Of Tufts. They started to do actual like research about it. They were puzzled and wanted to solve it. Right. Because up to this point, up to actually 1987, everyone thought that an itch was just a low grade pain stimulus.


Yeah. I guess they were the pain sensation happy with that. That's just what they thought it was. Yeah. And hamburger said, you know what, let's, let's find out if this is actually true. I'm tired of sitting around just assuming this is fine. Right. I'm a hander. And he got to er with his hands testing this. Right. Wow. So what he I know is like Jonathan Strickland level Yeah. Funds. What he did was, this is just awful. Yeah. He Introduced using like electrical stimulation, I guess he introduced histamine to skin cells. Right. And histamine is a natural, I don't know if it's a protein, but it's, it's a natural, it's a compound natural chemical, right?


Yeah. That the body releases in response to certain stimuli, say for example, like a mosquito bite or something. And it triggers the inflammation and immune response in that area. Right? Yeah. So histamine is associated with itch and it had been for a very long time. So this guy was using electrical stimulation to introduce histamine in increasing amounts. Yeah. In these poor study participants. And it went from barely noticeable to, this is a quote, the maximum imaginable itch. And they never felt pain. Yeah. Like even though they ramped it up to 11, no one ever said like, holy crap, that hurts.


They said, please, please feel love of God. Stop. Let me outta this. And hander just cackled and cackled. Wow. Right. And these men with like black leather gloves were holding the participants down. Yeah. They said, this is not worth the five Deutsche marks. Right. That I'm getting for this lousy study. Yeah. That's nice man. That's, this would've been pre euro I think. Oh Yeah. Even though the EU was around. I don't think the Euro was around in 87. Right? No, no. 'cause I, It was the Nineties. I traveled, I traveled to Europe in 1997 and there was, I was still on all that weird money. Oh, okay. Yeah. So it was a while after that. So now scientists, I think this sort of introduced an itch to the scientific community because after hundreds and hundreds of years, VUCA sort of disrupted the, the thought process of the itch and the scratch.


And all of a sudden scientists were like, oh, well maybe we should start looking into this. Maybe we can actually isolate the nerve and figure this thing out. Yeah. Because I mean, if it's not, if it's not just a low level pain sensation, then that means it's its own thing. And if it's its own thing, it probably has its own system and we need to know more about it. So they got to, they got the study in it. Yeah. What ma, I wonder if all of this was under the notion that they were trying to cure itching. I don't know. Because from what I was reading and all of this was pretty recent stuff. Yeah. There is a real unmet medical need in dealing in addressing like chronic itch.


Sure. Because you know, most people who go through life just experiencing itch under normal circumstances. Right. Right. Let's say you or me, we're like an itch. Yeah. They suck for a second and then it goes away. Yeah. Imagine it not going away ever. Whether you are asleep or awake or swimming or in outer space or doing whatever. Yeah. You're itching constantly. Supposedly it, it has as much of a pronounced effect on a patient's life as chronic pain does. It's constant persistent and agonizing. And it's not, it's not being met or treated because it's not understood. So they're just now starting to get into pain re or itch research.


Yeah. I saw that somebody put it where pain research was about 20 years ago. Yeah. So it's starting to really heat up, but we're still just starting to understand it. So I would think that they weren't looking to cure it. I think it was just pointed out that there was this whole branch of neuroscience that was Right. Totally not understood. So get to work neurologists. I wonder, I never really thought about it until just now, but I wonder what happens when a, a performer or somebody like that is in the public eye or on TV or on stage or like the president giving a a dress. Like what, what, what do they do if they have poison ivy or some other kind of contact dermatitis?


Like have you ever thought about that? Like what if Lin, Mel, Manuel Miranda has like really bad case of po. I guess they can get an understudy in that case. Sure. But you can't have an understudy as president. No. Which is too bad. You just go out there with your hands bandaged up, just holding them up. Like how do you fight that Got the poison ivy On camera. Or like a news anchor when they're just like, oh my God, I'm dying. I don't know. I guess a news anchor can tape things, but I'm talking about live. What does Tom Petty do for God's sakes? Tom Petty grins and bears it. He had a hard scrabble childhood. He sure did. Prepared him for that. I'm gonna see him tomorrow night. Oh yeah. Nice Tom. I said about that we're meeting for coffee.


Nice. He's not performing. Anyway. I was just curious about that. Well, it's a good question. Thanks. Do you remember when Costas had Red Eye at the Olympics and he was so dedicated to Yeah. To, to being the commentator, the anchor for the Olympics. They finally were like, you have to stop. Yeah. No one can look at you. People Were writing in. You're disgusting them. It was gross. One thing that made me think of that is I had recently, you can still kinda see it on my forearm, the, the scars. But I did a cement job. I was building this fence, putting in a gate at my house. Right. And Scotty, you know Scotty Sure. Pippen, he and I built Huh? Pippen, Not Scotty Pippen.


He and I built this thing together and we sank these huge posts for this gate. And I didn't know that cement could cause contact dermatitis or even Burns. Never knew this. Yeah. And we were, it was kind of a tight spot and we couldn't get shovels in there in the hole. So we were literally mixing this stuff like up to our elbows Oh no. With our arms. And I was like, this kind of feels good. I even said, oh no. Like, you know, like oatmeal or something. And then two days later my right arm was just covered in the nastiest dermatitis I've ever seen. Wow. Yeah. I can see it. And then he got it. Yeah. It's still like kind of hanging around. So I went and got a prescription for steroids, which made me a little crazy for a week and a half.


Okay. Did You trash the gate and have to start over? No. In a roid rage. I think I was probably not the best husband though. I see. Over that time period. Yeah. Judging from Emily saying, Hey, you're a real a-hole. Get off the steroids. Gotcha. Get off the juice. And I was like, shut up. Watch this. Watch me hit this homer. So long story short, I experienced this recently and it was awful. And I can't imagine like shooting a TV show or something or like doing anything on or performing live. Yeah. Like I would have to address it 'cause I would scratch and smack it was what I usually do. That's what you're supposed to do. Not scratch, smack it.


I guess we'll just cut to the chases here. This is why everyone's listening. How do you scratch a niche correctly? You rub it. Yeah. I didn't do well. I did. You know what really did? It was the, we have a, a handheld implement in the shower along with the regular shower head. Okay. Yeah. And put that sucker on the, the tightest hardest, most penetrating flow. Right. And just put that hot water on it, man. And that was like, I, I think I spent half my days in the shower. Yeah. Over that week and a Half. Were you biting down like a broomstick while you were doing that? No, it Felt so good man. I was just like, I couldn't get enough of it. Huh. And then the cortisone and all that junk too.


So, we'll, we'll actually Benadryl, we'll we'll talk about this 'cause this, you're raising some great points here. Well I just kind of that ruin the spoiler. No, no, this is good stuff. We're gonna analyze what was going on with your arm after this break. How about that? Sounds good.


Hi, This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs and stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure ready RAV four designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey everybody. So when you get asked what is ooo, what comes to mind? Well, I'll tell you, Ooo is a bit of everything. Ooo is a suite of business management software that some people say is like fertilizer because the way it promotes growth. But you know, some people also say that Ooo is like a magic beanstalk 'cause it grows with your company and is also magically affordable. Oh. But then again, you could look at Ooo in terms of how its individual software programs are a lot like building blocks. Whatever your business needs, manufacturing, accounting, HR programs, you can build a custom software suite that's perfect for your company. So what is Ooo? Well, ooo is a bit of everything. Ooo is a fertilizer magic beanstalk building blocks for business. Yeah. That's it. Which means that ooo is exactly what every business needs. Learn more And sign up now@ooo.com. That's OD o.com.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save, spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Hey everybody. Valspar knows that just because that paint color felt right then doesn't mean it's right now. Maybe your daughter was loving the unicorns, you painstakingly painted on our wall, but now she wants a more grownup green. Or maybe you went a little too hard on the millennial pink trend. Or maybe you were loving your spotless white walls before you had kids. But now your dining room needs a little color and a washable finish for everyday stains. Yeah. Everybody knows that pink color can enhance the vibe of a space. You can completely alter a room just with a different coat of paint. Yeah. You know, I like it when you just do one wall in a room and I did one wall of my office black and it really added a lot. Ooh. La la. Well whether you wanna personalize your space or find your next phase, Valspar Ultra has you covered starting at just 29.98 per gallon Valspar ultra interior paint plus primer starting at just 29 98 per gallon. Pick up everything you need for your next project at Lowe's. Price varies by sheen.


So Chuck, you had contact dermatitis, right? I thought it was poison ivy. 'cause that area has some poison ivy, but each of us, Scotty and I had it just on the arm That Right. We sunk and cement. Right. And then we researched and found out that could happen. Yeah. So lesson learned on that. Yeah. So what happened was you like something in the cement, and I'm not sure what it was reacted chemically with the mast cells in your skin. Yeah. And histamine was released. Right. Apparently. And so the histamine sent a signal through specialized nerve cells called C fibers.


Yeah. Which C fibers aren't just limited to itching. I think only about 5% handle that and Right. Most of the rest are for pain. Right. Right. So they use the same type of neural pathway as pain, but for itch it's, it's basically it's just like, no, these, these are just for itches only. Yeah. And it's sent a signal through your spinal column and in your spinal column it released a, a neurotransmitter called gastro releasing peptide receptor. And so at the skin, the histamine would've released a neurotransmitter called what? Natural retic polypeptide B. Okay. So that says itch signal coming your way along those C fibers.


Yes. Okay. It makes it to the spinal column. And I guess in about 2007, they found that there's another neurotransmitter in the spine that I guess accepts the, the NPPB, The invitation And says, I'm going to transfer this along up to the brain that's gastro releasing peptide receptor that shoots up to the brain and it starts this cascade of activity. Right. Yeah. Because when they, like after hander said, Hey, you know, itchings its own thing, these other researchers went to town and traced and figured out there that there were specific, specific types of itch receptors that were dedicated just to itches.


Right? Yeah. More Germans. More Germans And Swedes in this case, Couple of Swedes, but mostly Germans Just for good measure. Yeah. Yeah. And what they found eventually from tracing this pathway, they were able to follow it into the wonder machine. And apparently they made some people itch and would not let 'em scratch it. And then they had 'em lay down in an MRI and they, they took a brain scan and they found that there's this whole galaxy of stuff going on in your brain that combined is the itch sensation. Yeah. It was pretty interesting too. There's a, there's a signature pattern in the brain when you get an itch and a few specific areas light up. One is a cortex and it all makes sense when you put it together.


Right. The cortex in this case just sort of geolocates where on your body you're getting that sensation. Right. So that helps. It's like left elbow. Yeah. Or in my case from right elbow to wrist. Right. And then a little bit in other places, but not too bad that that was the main area. Is This your cortex still saying this? Yeah. Very complex conversation going on. And then the region, I thought this was interesting, the region that governments, governments that governs emotional response. So basically this is your brain saying like, I don't like this, this makes me feel bad. Yeah.


It's the worst thing ever do something. And then finally, the limbic and motor areas. And I thought this was the most interesting, those areas process, irresistible urges. The same ones that say I want to smoke crack or I want to eat too much cake. Right. Says you have an itch that is unbearable and you need to scratch it. Right. And maybe go smoke some crack and eat some cake while you're at It because that'll help. Right. So I just, I dunno, I thought that was all very super interesting when you combine that pattern. Yeah. That's the, that's an itch. And then, then followed by the irresistible urge to scratch it, which apparently research has shown those two do not happen in independently. They're, they're part of a cycle.


Yes. There's something called the itch scratch cycle. Right. And so you have an irresistible urge to scratch the itch. It's, it's weird If you think about it, like on the one hand it makes sense where you, you sense that there's a, a really hot heat source that your hand is really close to. So you have an irresistible urge to pull it back, but it doesn't feel like an urge. It almost feels like an involuntary reflex. Yeah. I think it's that quick. A scratch is almost like, I'm gonna kill this itch. I can't wait to scratch it. Like, you're almost exacting revenge on the itch for itching you. Right. So a scratch is, it's an irresistible urge.


Whereas like pulling your hand back from a, a hot, a hot source or something is like an involuntary reflex. It just feels different. Like a, a scratch is its own thing. Well it is. You know, they kind of found that out. And, and gowane, Dr. Gowane pointed out something interesting too that I never thought about is that you can have like that short collar rubs against your neck all day. Right. And, and you might never notice it, but if there's like one little string that's just poking one little area that might trigger an itch. Right. And so you would think that, you know, itch receptors are super finely tuned and they, they cover just this one tiny, like that's what it would seem like. Micron of skin as a matter of fact.


No, apparently an itch receptor can sense itch stimuli like three inches away from it on the skin. It's crazy. Yeah. So they're really sensitive. Yeah. Whereas pain receptors are that specific right down to like, you know, millimeters. Yeah. And the other thing they found out too is that not only can they sense it from a few inches away, but it's a very slow acting thing. Right. Which as opposed to like heat on the hand. Yeah. Like a candle on your hand almost said candle in the wind. That's super fast. But that, that explains why an itch like is kind of slow to come and then slow to resolve by scratching.


Yeah. It's not like you scratch it and you're like, oh, it's all better now. Yeah. It helps a little bit. So, so the itching is a, it's a good strategy If you think about, say you're, you're, there's a mosquito on you and that's what's making you itch when you go to scratch it, you're getting rid of the mosquito, maybe even smooshed it or something like that. The, the problem's taken care of. The issue is, is that that itch scratch cycle eventually becomes a vicious cycle because when you scratch, this is what they think is going on. This is another mystery with itches. We don't understand how scratching alleviates an itch. Right. Or why we scratch really. Right. What they think the current hypothesis is that when you scratch an itch, you're stimulating other receptors in the area that aren't itch receptors.


Yeah. So I, I got that. But what does that do to sort of like say, Hey body, don't worry about that for a minute. I think so like a pain receptor is now active. Right? Exactly. It's, it's sending feedback to the brain saying it's being taken care of. You can settle down with the itch. Gotcha. Right. I think the problem is is that neurologically or neurochemically, when you scratch an itch, you're activating those pain receptors in the area. Pain, pressure, that kind of thing. You're causing serotonin to be released. Right. Natural pain reliever. Right. Yeah. Or at least mood enhancer. And what they found is that serotonin among other neurochemicals actually exacerbates the itch sensation.


So your itch not only comes back, it gets worse. Ah. So you go to scratch it again and then same thing happens over and over again. That's the itch scratch cycle. Which it's not the best cycle around. No. Not a, you can think of better cycles. Not a bad band name. Yeah, It's okay. A little too cute. Maybe Prague folk Prague. They, well they'd have to be German. Probably German folk Prague. Okay. Yeah. Another interesting thing they learned too was that I guess we're kind of jumping around, but who cares, right. If you scratch, you don't even have to scratch the point of the itch to relieve it apparently.


Right. Like If you have, I had that itch on my right forearm and I could scratch maybe it doesn't even have to be the left forearms. It's not like you have to mirror it, but I could scratch like my neck and apparently that might help relieve it. Yeah. I tried it, it didn't work for me. No, No. But I think the reason why there's, that's it's possible that it could have that effect is supposedly scratching also activates like your pleasure center. Yeah, you bet it does. But, but there's different, different places where you're scratching on your body have different amounts of pleasure associated with them. Did you know that? I mean, I guess.


I guess so, but yeah. Interesting. Well, Yeah, but I mean, think about it. It's like If you scratch your, scratch your, like your clavicle, who cares? It's nothing. Right? But then you scratch like your head right above and behind your ear. It's great. Well and they, I think they did find that like you're back in your ankles supposedly, or some of the most rewarding places to scratch. Exactly. And I, I, I don't know, I've never really thought about the ankles, but my mom would gimme back scratches when I was a kid. That's nice. And it was always like one of my favorite things ever. Sure. And so I don't get those anymore now that I'm a grownup.


'cause that's gross. You know, mom, scratch my back. Right. I'm 46 years Old. Lay down. But yeah, it was like, I, I think I prefer to back scratch to a back rub even. Oh Yeah. When I was younger. But now, you know, a massage is probably way better. Sure. But if they, if a masseuse could include a little back scratch in there. Yeah. Get ready for a huge tip for me. Yeah, I guess so. Or does that, what is that sexual? I think it crosses a line once they're potentially clawing away skin cells. I think that's, it's no longer in the masseuse range or massur range. Yeah. I I get that. Once skin cells are involved, you know, under the nails.


Sure. Then you're a murder suspect. Right. Exactly. Alright, well should we take another break? Yeah. And talk a little bit about one of the most distressing articles I've ever read.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra. And experience the uncompromising strength with its available eye force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high-tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma is designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Hey everybody. So when you get asked what is ooo, what comes to mind? Well, I'll tell you, Ooo is a bit of everything. Ooo is a suite of business management software that some people say is like fertilizer because the way it promotes growth. But you know, some people also say that Ooo is like a magic beanstalk because it grows with your company and is also magically affordable. Oh. But then again, you could look at Ooo, in terms of how its individual software programs are a lot like building blocks, whatever your business needs, manufacturing, accounting, HR programs, you can build a custom software suite that's perfect for your company. So what does ooo Well, ooo is a bit of everything. Ooo is a fertilizer magic beanstalk building blocks for business. Yeah. That's it. Which means that ooo is exactly what every business needs. Learn more and sign up now@ooo.com. That's od o.com.


Hey everybody. Valspar knows that just because that paint color felt right then doesn't mean it's right now. Maybe your daughter was loving the unicorns, you painstakingly painted on her wall, but now she wants a more grownup green. Or maybe you went a little too hard on the millennial pink trend. Or maybe you were loving your spotless white walls before you had kids. But now your dining room needs a little color and a washable finish for everyday stains. Yeah. Everybody knows that paint color can enhance the vibe of a space. You can completely alter a room just with a different coat of paint. Yeah. You know, I like it when you just do one wall in a room and I did one wall of my office black and it really added a lot. Ooh. La la. Well, whether you wanna personalize your space or find your next phase, Valspar Ultra has you covered starting at just 29 98 per gallon Valspar Ultra interior paint plus primer starting at just 29 98 per gallon. Pick up everything you need for your next project at Lowe's. Price varies by Sheen


15 Tmobile. All right. So we've referenced this article from the New Yorker from Dr. Atul Gawande and he talked a lot about itching and just had good information on the science of it all.


Well, That's what he does. But most of the article was focused on a patient, a woman in Massachusetts that they named m for the article. Just m The letter M. Right. In other words, you know, she's anonymous. Yeah. And I think she was anonymous because she kind of had a rough go after her divorce. She ended it, ended up getting HIV from getting on heroin. Kind of spun out it seems like, but then that's sad. Got her life back by all accounts, but ended up getting shingles as a result of HIV complications. Right. And the shingles went away, but the itching did not, to say the least.


Yeah. I think the itching came after the shingles even. And at first her, her physicians were like, well, I mean you must have it damaged some nerves in there, so ts for you I guess. Yeah. And then eventually after treating it like all these different ways and it's still being scratching, they said, okay, you're crazy. How about that? Right. And she said, well, whatever, I still have this itch, do whatever you need to to treat it because I'm literally scratching this itch in my sleep. It was on her scalp, wasn't it? Yeah, it was on her head and she, she kind of managed to, to control it during the day.


But like you said, at night, she couldn't control it. Right. To the point where I think she was like restrained in her sleep That came after. Oh, okay. After they realized it's a problem because your brain is oozing out of your head. Yeah. Can you believe that She scratched her scalp so much that she scratched through her skull and she went into her doctor one day and said they've got like this green fluid coming down and the, apparently the Doctor faded. The doctor didn't even say anything. He was just, she or she was like, excuse me, went and called an ambulance and came back and said, please lay down and don't talk or move or do anything else. And they finally told her after she was at the er, you scratched through to your brain like that's your brain you're touching right now.


The doctor was like, very interesting. Yeah. Just gimme a second here. Or I please. Oh my God. Well, they gathered up all the other doctors and nurses. I was like, sure. Yeah. You gotta come see this. She said also in this article, she said that she had a a, what do they call 'em? A roommate at a Yeah. Okay. A roommate. Yeah. So she had a roommate while she was like, they treated it, gave her a skin graft and then she, she itched, she scratched away the skin graft. Oh man. And then they finally were like, okay, you're going to an asylum.


And she's like, do they even call it that anymore? And they're like, just shut up. Yeah. And they put her in this asylum and restrained her, like you said, while she was sleeping. And she had a roommate in there, she said in the article she did, she heard didn't survive. He had scratched through his carotid artery and died blood death. Yeah. So they never really got to the bottom of this. She finally got a, a doctor. Like the doctors were like, it's something that had to do with the shingles. This is what we think happens at her doctors. That the, the nerve endings around the area where she had shingles were so devastated by the shingles. Yeah. That there were just a couple of nerve endings left and it just so happened that they were itch receptors.


Oh. Or itch. Itch. Yeah. Itch receptors. Bad luck. And that, those were like really exacerbated by the fact that there was no other competing sensations. Oh, ipso facto, there's your problem. Right. So they said, well let's, we'll just cut the main nerve to the, to your face and that should solve the problem. They cut the main nerve to her face and she Said, thanks, I want it. Yeah. And then the itch came back and she's like, you have to be kidding me. So finally she met a doctor who said, I don't think it's your, your receptors or the nerve transmission. I think it's your brain. Yeah. Not psychologically. I don't think it's a psychosis. I think there's that the actual itch signal in your brain is being set off without any stimulation or transmission going on.


Yeah. And apparently she was right. But then they were like, good luck treating that. Right. You know, I didn't see much follow up on this. I did read one article that a follow up with Dr. Gawande because there were a lot of skeptics after that article came out that said it's impossible with your fingernail. 'cause she said she didn't use an implement, it's not like she got out a metal file right. To scratch through your skull. Right. And he said that his theory was that bacteria, it became infected, it had eaten it away such Oh, that the skull became soft, Turned it into mush. Yeah. Yik. And then people also said, You know, you don't have men and women in the same room in hospitals or asylums.


That's that's false. And he said that it was like the, the room next door and quit being pedantics. Yeah. Really, Man, I think people just didn't believe it. So all these folks wrote into the New Yorker. So, So All these coastal elites Right. Said no way. They said a tool. A tool. Come on. So the the idea though, that even if this woman was hypothetical, which I think Towane is pretty upstanding cat. Oh yeah. And didn't make this up. But even if say she was hypothetical her problem, what the doctors initially thought it was, was that she had a neuropathic itch type of chronic itch. But then the, the doctor who apparently figured it all out said, no, no, no.


It's a neurogenic itch. Another type of chronic itch. And it has to do with whether it's the brain going off or the nerve transmissions going off either way, you don't actually have an itch, although you are experiencing the itch sensation. Well, and they also then said at some point she had a psychogenic itch. Right. So they basically covered three out of the four kinds of itches. The last one bringing, man, I have such a hard time per receptive. And that's what you get from like a mosquito bite. Yeah. Or If you have a skin disorder like eczema or something. Sure. So they basically ruled out the most common one and at various stages said, eh, you've got this other one. Right. For the other three.


Right. Finally, and then again they said, we don't, there's really nothing we can do to treat it. The one that they've got down pretty well is per receptive. Yeah. We've all sorts of stuff to treat that because that's, that's basically histamine is being released and your, your skin is itching, so you can treat histamines with antihistamines. Yeah. You can reduce that response and then your itch will go away. Well, I took Benadryl at night and they also make this Benadryl spray a topical spray that just, it really helps. Right. So between that and cortisone and then the Benadryl at night, I, I did Okay. Right in those awesome showers. So the, like the preceptive itch we've got treatment for basically.


Yeah. The other three, you're, you're in trouble. Yeah. It turns out as, as far as it stands right now, maybe five or 10 years from now, there'll be something, apparently there is a lot of movement right now on treating this stuff, but it's like they're having to figure out how to block some really otherwise important chemicals in the body like that NPPB, right? Yeah. That one. What does, it can help con regulate your blood pressure as well. Yeah. Right. So they Can't, you can't can't just switch that off. Right. Yeah. Just turn off the gene that produces that You won't itch, but you might die early. Right. Not worth it. Right. The one that really, I mean they're all sad, but the psychogenic, when you have a mental illness where you feel like you have parasites and bugs on your skin, man, you Remember our Morgellons disease?


Yeah. How did you said it Morgellons. Right. And I said Morgellons, I can't remember. I I know that I said it the way everyone else else said it though. That's all I Remember. Morgan lawns. That's right. That's how I said it, Man. But all this stuff, it just had so much empathy for m Yeah. And wanted to follow up so bad to see how she was doing, you know? Yeah. And if she kept scratching holes in her skull, I, yeah. I don't know. Geez. So there's, I read another article called Accidental Therapists. It's by a guy named Eric Broman and it was published on a website called Stat and it's all about delusional parasite parasitosis, but how it's treated sometimes by entomologists, you know, like those extension services at universities Yeah.


Here in the US like state universities have what they call extension services where like a, a scientist will basically be there for the public to come talk to about whatever. Usually it's like household stuff Yeah. Or farm stuff, something like that. And apparently entomologists frequently are approached with people who are like, I've got these bugs like crawling all over me, here's a sample of 'em. And it turns out it's like carpet fiber or something like that. And these people just can't stop itching or whatever. But it turns out they, they have a delusion. They don't actually have parasites. My question is, is, is that our understanding of it now and in five or 10 years Right. We're gonna know that they had neurogenic itches and we just treated them like they were crazy even though they weren't.


Yeah. And it's gonna be like a, a real blemish on the history of neuroscience maybe? Or will this idea of psychogenic itches, you know, hold up. Yeah. I Wonder, did you ever see the Todd Haynes movie safe with Julianne Moore? No. It was one of his first movies after the Karen Carpenter thing. He did That wasn't like, I mean it was a real movie, but it wasn't released. But safe was very disturbing. It was about a woman who kind of slowly drifted into madness from believing that the world was poisoning her. Wow. And like household chemicals and everything. And it kind of started slow and eventually she ended up at this kind of safe camp for people like her.


Right. Very distressing movie. And some, one of her first movies too. I'll Have to check it Out. Yeah, it's really good. Oh, it's old. Yeah, it was, it was early nineties. I think I know what you're talking about. No, it's the called The Road to Wellville. Is that what you mean? No, It's called Safe. Okay, I'll check it out. Yeah, it's good. Very distressing. I'm Trying to think of Anything, and that wasn't necessarily itching, but it was just like that psychogenic thing of like, I think everything in my house is killing me. Yeah. I, I mean, have you ever like stopped and thought about something and thought there's, there's the path to madness right there. I'm staring down it right now. I should probably not keep thinking about this. I don't really get like that.


Oh no, no. I'm, I'm very easily kind of led onto the next shiny thing. I got you. Like a bird. Yeah. Yeah. Basically. That's probably for the best. It is. It has its drawbacks though. What else you got? Well, one thing it says in here is that having someone else scratch your itch does apparently does not do the trick. So you have to scratch your own itch. Yeah. I mean somebody can like, obviously like, you know, if you're like a little left, a little left up, up, up. Yeah. See, I think it works. Probably agree with that. Oh Man. Not you the them saying. Oh right. Like I think it definitely helps. I think what they're saying is, is it doesn't have quite the same relieving properties is If you do it yourself.


Oh yeah. And If you could reach that area of your back, it would be better than that. Yeah, I guess so. I got a pretty good back scratcher now though. Oh yeah. What's it made of? Bamboo? No, it's, it's metal, but it's tele telescoping so it's not, you know, two feet long. Gotcha. But it can be, but It's metal. Yeah. It looks like a, Like what are the parts? A bear claw. Not the pastry, but a Oh, a real bear claw. Which actually looks like the pastry. Yeah, I guess it does. That's why they call it that. I'd never thought about that. Why'd you think that was called that? I'm just kidding. They actually should call it a bear paw. It looks more like a bear paw. Bear Claw. I'm gonna try and bring that, bring that Around.


Unless you get somebody who like really goes the extra mile and puts almonds on the tips to make it look like the claw. Yes. And not just haphazardly scattered about the bear paw. Exactly. Yeah. That's the difference between a baker who loves their job and one who's just in it for the money. Yeah. Couple more things, Charles. Like we said, there's still plenty of mysteries around itches. Yeah. Why say does a feather tickle sometimes, but itch other times. Big question. They don't know. Right. But I'd like to know. Well maybe the Germans will get active on this again.


Yeah. They're the only ones who can solve it. The only the Germans can save us. You got anything else? No, I don't. I don't either. Itching nice Work. Thanks man. Same to you. Thank You. And you haven't scratched in a while, so No, I'm actually, I've been scratching the same spot and it's starting to get a little tender, so I'm stopping. Man. There's nothing worse in a movie. And I've seen it, I feel like I've seen this a few times in movies where someone is compulsively like scratching until it becomes a sore and then they're scratching it. It's just like, ugh, I can't watch that Through their brain. Well yeah. So I guess the moral of this one is what would Tom Petty do?


I'll ask him tomorrow. If you wanna know more about itching or what Tom Petty would do, you can type those words in the search bar@houseofforks.com. And since I said search bar, it's time for listener mail. I'm gonna call this one of the many emails we got on the swearing episode. Did you notice that people really seemed to like that one? Yeah, they Did. Got a lot of response. Yeah. From mostly from fellow potty mouths, which were very filthy emails too, which were great. Yeah. And I responded in turn by cursing at them. Sure. In my replies. Sure. Which I hope they enjoyed In all caps.


No, I didn't wanna be too aggressive. So this is from Emily Allen. Hey guys, long time listener. First time writing in writing about swearing. I should start by saying that it's funny, I'm writing about this episode because I almost never curse and when I do, it's normally not a very offensive swear. However, your intro made me think of something interesting I wanted to share. You talked about how you really censor yourself during recording in order to keep your show family friendly. It got me thinking about how our jobs really shape our vocabulary, how we express ourselves. I noticed a major change in the way I speak since becoming a teacher, primarily teach kindergarten to second grade students. And I found this really changed the way I express myself. For example, I try to avoid even saying things are dumb or stupid around kids.


We'll often say, well, isn't that silly? Instead, this works in the classroom. But I often get laughs from friends and family when I refer to a situation as silly, like a disagreement with a colleague or something a politician does. There are other expressions I use with the kids that often slip into regular conversation as well. The most embarrassing when I'm out and excuse myself to go potty. That always gets a laugh. Anyway, just wanted to share and thank you for all the great work you do. Learned so much from listening each week. And I'm always excited to see the new episode offerings every Tuesday and Thursday. That is from Emily Allen. Thank you Ms. Allen.


Very Silly. That was a very nice email. Yeah. If you want to get in touch with us like Ms. Allen did, you can send us an email, the stuff podcast@howstepworks.com. And as always, Join us at our home on the web Stuff You Should Know. Dot com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite


shows. Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high-tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website


for deals or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places. Stop hitting snooze on new tech. Upgrade the whole team@lenovo.com. Unlock AI experiences with the ThinkPad X one carbon, powered by Intel core ultra processors so you can work, create and boost productivity all on one device. Win the tech search for business pcs@lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo.


Here's to those who have been touched by metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer that is spread to other parts of the body. Celebrating the patients, caregivers, healthcare providers, scientists and others who have been part of the HR positive, HER two negative NBC community with Ibrance Palbociclib, a Pfizer product prescription Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor If you have new or worsening chest pain, cough or trouble breathing before taking ibrance. Tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are nursing, pregnant, or plan to be all medical conditions you have and about all the medicines you take. For more information about side effects, talk to your doctor. Talk to your healthcare team about Ibrance. Visit ibrance.com or call 1 8 4 4 9 IBRANCE for more information.