
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple Pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Hey friends, it's me, Josh, and for this week's select, I've chosen our 2018 episode on Adidas v Puma. It's the German version of the Hatfield versus the McCoys, except with cool sports apparel rather than overalls. And one of the things I noticed at the end of this episode is that sometimes when we're just doing our thing, talking back and forth like we do, we'll have some throwaway comment or side conversation or something that takes on much greater significance years on. It's one of the interesting things about talking out Loud for 17 years. At any rate, Ciroc vodka, anyone Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio.


Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark. There's Charles w Chuck Bryant, there's Andrew over there. The guest producer. I'm wearing Adidas. Chuck is wearing Puma Andrew's wearing Reebok. None of us are speaking to one another right now. Yeah, it's weird. Andrew is wearing white Reebok high tops with bronze pantyhose and Orange Dolphin running shorts. Oh, what? And and he claims he doesn't work for Hooters part-time. Oh, oh, oh yes. I like that. You didn't know that. 'cause that means you don't go into Hooters. No, no. I've seen pictures on tv. I had to go the, actually, I've only been there once and that was when I worked at that awful job with the chicken killers and it was on a stupid work trip.


They made me go on and that was like the only place in town. Yep. And all these yokels that I worked with were like, yeah man, let's go to Hooters. And I went in there and I was just like, oh my Lord, what is am I? They were trapped in time. I've, I've been there a couple of times actually when I was a younger, younger man. It's the same I imagine. It is. I'm sure. And I was there on my 21st birthday in Jacksonville because it was the only place open. It was like a a, a Tuesday night or something. And I was like, this is, this is not the best 21st birthday I'll ever have. Yeah. And hey, we don't want to yuck your yum if you're, If you work at Hooters or if you'd love going there more power to you.


Sure, sure. Why not. Right. That's pretty awesome that you said you don't want to yuck anyone's yum. Yeah. It's funny, I was thinking about a couple of weeks ago when it was like the Costanza moment when you thought of a line after the moment. Yeah. When you were talking about how I was crazy for not liking olives. And I got onto you. I should have said, don't yum. My yuck. Right. Or I was, it's funny you said that 'cause I was thinking about that later on too. I thought that I should have said, well, actually I'm not yucking your yum. I'm yucking your yuck. Which is different. Oh, You know, think about it, man. Are you thinking about it? I think it's weird that we both thought about that moment afterward.


I think so too. Because usually we just go back into our hyperbolic chambers and float for the next six days. It's pretty great life. We have pretty Nice just Soaking in our own urine. God, Don't you pee in your hyperbaric chamber? Well, yeah, but I mean, that's how you're supposed to fill it up. Right, right. So Chuck, obviously what we're talking about today is athletic gear, sports shoes in particular. And two of the most well-known sports brands in the entire world. Adidas and Puma, and some people might not know this Chuck, but Adidas and Puma were founded by two brothers who spent many decades of their lives not speaking to one another.


And some people might even know that, that they are rival brands founded by rival brothers, but I guarantee they don't know the full story behind the, the one of the most bitter family rivalries of all time that gave us Adidas and Puma. And it is extraordinarily fascinating. There's, there's Nazis, there's run DMC, there's all this stuff all rolled into one. And it turns out that this is, it's one of the better stories I've ever come across. That's right. And before we dive into that awesome story to head off emails, I know I said hyperbolic inside of hyperbaric, it's not such thing as a hyperbolic chamber. No, I guess it Could be.


It's a chamber that it's like I'm the biggest chamber ever. Probably. So. Alright, so let's, this is a great story, and I had heard bits and pieces of this over the years, but it is interesting that Nazis and run DMC and Feuding brothers all come together to, 'cause you know, my pumas I've, I've been a Puma guy Sure. For many, many years, even though I, I did have a pair of Adidas superstars at one point, but they're too Flashy. No, I liked them, but they were, you know, white shoes aren't good on me. I get a get 'em too dirty too Quick. Yeah. So now I just vary my pumas between the black and the black suede and the sort of like the olive green suede.


Usually, You know, Adidas makes non-white shoes. You could try. Yeah. But those classic white superstars with the three blue stripes, those Oh, yep. Those are the ones, The she toes. Yeah. Well, I mean, they have some other cool ones too. Like Gazelle's are pretty cool. Like the, the the flat bottom soccer shoe. And Yeah. My, my brother was into, I worked at Zel for a while when I was a soccer poser, but my brother was into Stan Smiths. Oh yeah, those are cool too. Yeah. I've got some, some Stan Smiths that are like this blue mesh. And now that I think about it, if I have a loyalty to either one, it would be Adidas. But I don't, I don't consider myself like Adidas loyal. Well, I'm a Puma guy just because they look good on me and they're comfy.


But I was also a low top converse all star guy for a while. And in high school, of course, in the preppy days, I was all about the tree tos. I never had tree tos. It, it was a look. Oh, I know for sure. I, I, those are comfy. I was right after tree tos when I started getting into shoes. Kwi were in. Oh yeah. I never had any of those. Those are cool. And then, what was the other shoe that the vans, there's a particular style of vans that I really still enjoy The slip-on ones with the black and white checks. No, those are cool. But I don't know if I can pull those off at 47. You could, but people will laugh at you behind your back.


Yeah. That's already happening. Yeah. I'll, I'll remember at some point. Okay. Well just shout it out. And plus I just wanted to cover our bases by saying as many name brands as possible. Don't forget British Knights. Oh, the bks. Yep. So Chuck, yes. Let, let's start the story. Shall we? We're gonna have to get in the way back machine for this one. Okay. And this is also full of urine. So that was you though. Yeah. Let's, let's let everybody know we're gonna go back to the end of World War I in Germany and we're going to go to a little town that I'm going to let you pronounce because I've been trying and I cannot do it.


And I thought it was interesting that we're recording this now because we just acknowledged and recognized the 100 years removed from World War I, the end of World War I. Yeah. In the beginning of the Spanish flu that killed like three times as many people right after it. Yeah. That's another celebration. Right. So, so we're going back there. We're just going back a hundred days almost to the day. Yeah. And so the, the name of that town is Zo ak. Well, I could have done at least that good. Yeah. Herzo. It's, it's not exactly said that like that. Here, let's, let's play this.


That's how it's said. Okay. Okay. So, so maybe we should just have that voice Say it for us, but we're not going to, it turns out the locals just call the town Herzo. Sure. So that's all we'll call it. But it's a little tiny village in Bavaria. They can't even pronounce it. No. They're like, we're not even gonna try. And we were born here. Don't, don't be too hard on yourself, Josh is what they're saying. So in Herzo, it's a little town in Bavaria, a little village. There's a river running through it. Yeah. Significantly. And Yes. And in around 19 18, 1 of the villagers who was born there, a guy named Adolf Dassler takes a seat in his mother's laundry.


His mother ran a laundry out of her, out of their house, and he starts cobbling athletic shoes, specifically track shoes, I think, to begin with. And he had a knack for it. He started making shoes that athletes actually wanted pretty, pretty early on, pretty much out of the gate. And he started doing so well so quickly that within a year or two he asked his older brother, who is by far the more outgoing extrovert salesman type of the, of the two brothers, his older brother Rudolph, to start selling his shoes, start kind of creating a business operation out of it. And I think within just a few years, they had 12 employees and they founded a company called Sports Farrick.


Brda Dassler, which they called GTA for short. Yeah. So Brda is, you know, for brothers. So Brda Dassler is the Dassler Brothers shoe company. Right. And people were like, wow. So I don't have to wear my high-heeled leather sport boot any longer on The pitch. I don't have to tie some sharp rocks to the bottom of my feet. So their nicknames, you'll probably hear us refer to them as Adi and Rudi, RUDI. And you'll, you'll, If you kind of put your head to it Yeah. You can see where this is headed. This Is exciting. So the laundry business wasn't going well. So like you said, little AIE started making these shoes and things started going great.


And it turns out they made a pretty good team at first because they complimented one another in what they were in, what they were good at. So AIE was creative and he was the brains, and Rudy was a little more extroverted, and he was a really good salesperson. Right. So they, they start to do a pretty good, pretty good business. And it's, it's, if you're like, well, it's a weird thing to start doing as a, a, a younger man to start making sports shoes. It turns out that Herzo is like a shoemaking town. It has a long tradition of shoemaking. And in 1922, for example, their population was 3,500, but they had 112 shoemakers.


That's amazing. That's A high shoemaker to regular population ratio. So it's not the weirdest thing ever. But they're plotting along, they're making really high quality shoes. Like right out of the gate, ADI had a real, like, like I said, a talent for making high quality athletic shoes. And one of the first things they made were a track shoe that, that one of these articles says, looks like a, a ballet slipper with some nails coming outta the front of it, the, the front bottom, the four sole. And it was, it just changed everything. It was a genuinely great track shoe at the time. They, they people who were running sprinters who were running track, they didn't have any traction when they were taking off.


Yeah. This gave them traction and just gave them an immediate leg up over the, the competition. And so the athletes like really, really liked the, the shoes that they were putting out. And the company started to grow and grow and grow. And then I think the 1928 Olympics in Los Angeles is where they really debuted their shoes. And a German sprinter was wearing a pair of their track shoes, and all he won was a bronze medal, but he won a bronze medal wearing the Dazzler brothers shoes And as a German sprinter. Exactly. So that should say it all. It does. So he was wearing these track spikes and this, this helped, I mean, this got him a little bit of notoriety, but it was really in 1936 in Berlin at that very, very famous Olympic games where a young athlete named Jesse Owens dominated and literally tore up the track wearing those brda dassler track spikes Yeah.


With Hitler in the stands. And people are like, those shoes are amazing. And Jesse Owens was like, it's kind of me, but yeah, sure. The shoes are great. Right. But I'm also a vastly superior athlete to the rest of these jumps out here. Yep. So that was the Olympics that Jesse Owens famously finished in first place, won the gold, and did another lap around the track, went up into the stands and slapped Hitler right in the face. Oh man. Slapped his little stash right off that lip. So the fact that Jesse Owens was wearing these shoes immediately brought international attention to gta, the Gar Bruta Dassler company.


So they, I saw one article that said, had World War II not happened, this, this business would've just gone global immediately. Yeah. And it started to, but then when World War II broke out, and that was the 1936 Olympics, I think I said the 1928 Olympics. It was, I think the, the 1932 Olympics that I had talked about first. But the 1936 Olympics, within just a couple of years, the Nazis invaded Poland and were running Germany. And World War II kicked off in earnest and the, the, the time for sports apparel kind of got derailed a little bit. Yeah. So just like in the United States and, and actually in countries all over the world, the war effort was, it's not like they were just like, all right, we have a few companies that manufacture military needs for our military, and that's gonna be good enough.


It's like, no, we need to really co-opt kind of any manufacturing that we want to, to go toward the war effort. And certainly Germany did that along with the US and, and kind of everyone else and everything from Hugo Boss to Lu Hanza to these little tree makers in this small town in Bavaria. Yeah. They, their factories were co-opted for the war effort, basically. And what the Dassler Brothers factory ended up making are something called the Ponza Shrek, which means the tank terror. And it was modeled after the American Bazooka, which was one of the first shoulder mounted recoilless rocket launchers that had enough power to punch right through a tank and blow up everybody inside.


They were nasty little buggers. And the Ponza Shrek was the German version of the bazooka, and the German version of the bazooka was created in the Dassler Brothers shoe factory. Yeah. It's December, 1943 is when they kind of made the full switch in these, these little, you know, German ladies who were sewing shoes the week before. Were now manufacturing German bazookas. The good news is, by this time, 'cause these things were really effective actually. And had they been, had they been brought into the war sooner, things really changed. But thankfully by this time, even though they were doing the job, it was too late.


The tides had turned and the allies were, were steaming toward victory. And even though they started pumping out these bazookas, it was sort of too little, too late. Yeah. Have you ever wondered about the name Bazooka? Not until just now. Okay. Well I did. And I was like, what does a bazooka mean? Apparently there was a, an entertainer, I think he might have been vaudeville, kind of a country act. Okay. And he, He bazooka Joe, I can't remember his name, doesn't matter. He created a, a musical instrument outta brass called a bazooka. Mm. And it was kind of like a trumpet and a trombone together. It was a weird little instrument. But he was popular enough that, and the bazooka looked like his instrument enough that it became called the bazooka.


This this shoulder mounted rocket launcher. Interesting. I thought so too. Sure, why Not. But the point is, is that all of a sudden the Germans who had been totally helpless against the American tank divisions were messing the American tank divisions up. And the source of their their power was the Dassler brothers shoe factory. And you mentioned their, their seamstresses welding bazookas together. Yeah. They also, in their factory, there was forced labor of French POWs. Sure. So they had slaves and sea seamstresses working together to create bazookas to take out the American tank divisions or the Allied Tank divisions, thanks to the companies that would eventually become Adidas and Puma.


Alright. That's a great setup. That's, thank you. That's only part one into what is a very interesting story. Yep. So we're gonna take a little break and we'll come back and talk about what went wrong with these two brothers right after this. S Sk SK Should know,


Hey everyone, as a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn, you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/sy sk that's linkedin.com/syk. And you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals, always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's Right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be, it's taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly, execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life. Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry.me/stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now, or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible


Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing Anna Bay Sofas. Where designer style meets budget friendly prices Vey brings you the ultimate in furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. Anana Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stain resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy liquid simply slide right off designed for custom comfort. Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years. Don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply


Sk Alright, so we're gotta, we gotta go back in time a little bit 'cause we, we sped right up to World War ii. It was just too interesting to, to wait to talk about any longer, But we need to go back to about 1933 because these brothers ended up fracturing in a big, big way and there've been, you know, some legendary Sibling rivalry through the years. But this is, this is really one of the greats. And I, I believe even Rudy wrote as an older man, the, the relation to my brother was ideal from 1924 till 1933. Then his young wife tried to interfere with business matters.


Although she, with her 16 years, had no experience at all and the war began. Yeah. So here's how the story goes is that in 1933, ADI was indeed married to a 16-year-old, which seems very creepy now, but back then it was not the strangest thing in the world. Slightly less creepy, Slightly less creepy. Well, they just, it was a different time. Okay. So he was married to a 16-year-old and tried to get involved in the business. Rudy was not happy about this, and they all lived together. The two brothers and their wives all lived together in the same townhouse. Yeah. Which is not a great recipe for success anyway.


Right. You know, you need to have your own place. So you can imagine that all the little bickering and snide remarks and just all the stuff that If you have two couples that don't really, really, really like and love each other living together, will, will accumulate. If you translate that to a business relationship, it's gonna be hard on the business. And it was for sure. So there is apparently a, a series of just little things like that. But the, as far as the family legend goes, the real break happened during World War II when the allies were bombing the ju the, the village of Herzo. And the Rudy and his wife made it, made their way to the, the bunker, the bomb shelter.


And shortly after that, ADI and his wife, I think her name was Kata, they made their way into the bomb shelter. And when they entered, he said, oh, well it looks like the bastards are here again. And Adi apparently went to his grave saying that he was referring to the Allied bombers. But Rudy took it that Adi was talking about Rudy and his wife. Yeah. And apparently that was the final straw. Yeah. This was true evidence that things were really bad if something as simple, possibly as just a little misunderstanding of whether or not the bastards were the the Allieds bombing or you, my brother and my sister-in-law. Right.


So, I mean, things were, things were pretty bad if this is what did it. Right. So that, that's World War II's still going on. And at some point Rudy gets called to go fight for the Nazis. He gets drafted. So Rudy has to go to war, and the whole time he's away. He's, he's, so this rift has already happened. So he's suspecting one that his brother and his brother's wife plotted to get him drafted. And he can't get that, that idea out of his head so much so that apparently multiple times he deserted his post Yeah. To go home to make sure that he wasn't being ousted from the, the business he'd built with his brother. And then he gets arrested for desertion and he is sure that his little brother ratted him out for desertion, which He may have.


And so he's arrested, he's held for a while, and as he is making his way back after the war to Herzo, he gets picked up by the allies for under suspicion of being a Gestapo agent. Yeah. He's sure. Again, that's his little brother, ADI, who got him this time, landed in a POW camp that he stays in for a little while and it turns out he was right. There is documentary evidence from an American officer who took the accusation down, and apparently it was Adi who went to the Americans and said, my brother is a Gestapo agent, you may wanna arrest him. What a jerk. So this is the level of stuff these brothers are doing to one another.


And the, the rift just kept getting bigger and bigger and bigger. There's one other thing we have to say because the wife, the younger wife, the 16-year-old Kata gets historically blamed for creating this rift, I think in a lot of ways unfairly. Sure. She's also the one who saved the family business single-handedly. Yeah. So in April, 1945, the Americans march into herzo, those tanks pull up in front of that factory. And the soldiers, the American soldiers are out there like kind of going over what they should do. Should we destroy this building or not? This is the place where the pons or shreks were made.


Yeah. So Addie's wife Kata comes out and she basically walks right up to these enemy soldiers and says, we only want to make shoes, we only desire to make shoes. And they're like, why are you talking like Colonel Clink? And she said, oh, okay. And that's basically like she convinced them to spare the factory. They did. So, and not only that, the air, the Air Force, US Air Force set up operations there at their air base and realized that they really liked these shoes. Well they found out that this was the company that made Jesse Owen's famous track shoes. Yeah. And so they went off the charts, they started getting these huge orders for sports teams, American sports teams because of this.


So this is all going on, or it's all starting while Rudy's off in a POW camp. 'cause his brother ratted him out. And the business all of a sudden is starting to turn international. Like, like, like you said, people around the world are, are taking notice of this thanks to the American gis who are coming back with this ghetto sportswear. And when, when Rudy comes back, it's done. His brothers ratted him out. There was the whole thing in the bomb shelter, and the brothers split the company that they built together, they split g Bruder Desler and or Dassler. And they go off and found their own companies.


Yeah. 15 years after that bunker incident. Yep. So it was, it took a long time to finally boil over. Right. And in between there was another war. They were not good Nazis, we should point out kind of, you know, they were members of the Nazi party and Rudy did get drafted, but like he said, he deserted his post a lot and they, you know, they really did just wanna sell shoes. Right. He's like Dwight sh root's uncle or grandfather who spent a lot of the war in a, a Allied POW camp. That's right. So like you said, they split up the company and we mentioned earlier that this river ran through the center of town. And I said significant.


And it is significant because it literally divided the town and they set up their business. It's not like one of them said, well, I'm going off to Berlin. Right. They just set up camp on opposite sides of that river. Adi Dosser said, I will name my company Aidas. Actually, at first they named it Aidas. Well, yeah. But everyone said that stinks. Well, no, that, that was a different one. That one there was a children's footwear line already called ADIs. So he added the I and turned it into Adidas. Yeah. Rudy went with Ruda, which is terrible. Everyone said that no one's gonna buy a shoes named Ruda, especially in the United States.


And he said, I don't understand. And they said, don't worry about it. So somehow he got Puma out of Ruda. Right. Which I don't get, but it's a name that stuck. Yeah. And it works. Puma's definitely better than Ruda for sure. Oh Yeah. So these two go off in form directly competing companies that split from the same company that the brothers had founded together. And Adidas and Puma started making pretty good headway outta the gate. At first, Rudy had the sales team, had the marketing team, had the, the ability to, to move some product. But Adi had the technical knowhow, the dedication to making high quality footwear that athletes, like professional athletes wanted to wear.


And so he could get his shoes onto athletes who would wear them on the world stage. And eventually his, his, I guess his T one out over his brothers and, and from, from a very early stage on Adidas has always led Puma at least as far as like sales revenue goes. Yeah. And you know, there were mistakes from both of them along the way, business wise. One of the big ones for Puma early on was that Rudolph got into a spat with a coach of the, the German national soccer team. And of course all that did was open the door for his brother in Adidas to go in there and say, what about these shoes?


Which is exactly what happened. And so at the 1954 World Cup, Germany wears Adidas with those signature stripes. And even though they were not favored all at all, west Germany actually won against who? Hungary, I believe. Yes. And that was a huge, huge deal on a national international stage. It was like the miracle on ice on grass. You mean They were stoned. They were all stoned out of their gourds. The miracle on ice on grass that Yeah. That might have legs my friend. I Think it might too. That's a T-shirt. You need to trademark that. Well, I do officially right now. Trademarked. I love it. So that was one mistake.


Adidas would of course go on to make some mistakes later. I know that, that you sent that one article where they talked about how they said, you know, at one point that like Yogging, no one's gonna do that. Sure. So we're not gonna make Yogging shoes. Right. And aerobics. That's, That's a flash in the pan. Sure. Who cares about physical fitness? And So you mentioned Reebok earlier, it's hard for the young folk out there who are listening to, to know this, but there was a time when Reebok was the name in Sports Apparel. Well, plus all. Yeah. And, and Reebok, this article says that they lost their way at some point. But the way that Reebok kind of took the lead for a little while was saying, no, we'll get into jogging.


We'll get into aerobics. Yeah. And we'll make this stuff at a time when Adidas and Puma were ignoring it. One of the other mistakes that both Adidas and Puma made was that they were so focused on beating one another. Oh man. They just completely dropped the ball as it were, on the rise of Nike. Yeah. And Nike was able to take over and apparently right out of the gate, and since then, Nike's always been the leader in sports apparel. Yeah. And a Adidas is two and Pumas three, right? Yeah. Amazing. So you have an option these days. You can buy your sports apparel from a company that's been known to use child labor or company that used forced French labor under the auspices of the Nazi party in World War ii.


Hooray. Let's take a break. Yeah. We'll take a break and we'll talk about how this rift still oddly carries over in that town today and run D-M-C-S-Y. Sk SK Should know, Should Know.


Let's be real. Life happens, kids still pets shed and accidents are inevitable. That's why you need a washable sofa that can keep up. Our sofas are fully machine washable inside and out. So you can say goodbye to stains and hello to Worry-Free Living made with liquid and stain resistant fabrics. They're kid proof, pet friendly, and built for everyday life. Plus changeable fabric covers. Let you refresh your sofa whenever you want. Need flexibility. Our modular design lets you rearrange your sofa anytime to fit your space, whether it's a growing family room or a cozy apartment. Plus they're earth-friendly and trusted by over 200,000 happy customers starting at just $699. It's time to upgrade to a stress-free mis proof sofa. Visit washable sofas.com today and save. That's washable sofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long And get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


Let's talk about moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity. Doesn't sound familiar. Think about how you've been sleeping lately. If you've had nights where you've been told you snore loudly or choke or gasp for air and then wake up feeling tired, it may be due to OSA in The us Moderate to severe OSA affects around 24 million adults. Many are adults with obesity and most cases remain undiagnosed and untreated. Don't Sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C-S.


Alright. So back in the day when they first split off this company and that river's running through this town, it was a really big deal. It wasn't just A Sibling Rivalry, it, it became a town wide rivalry. Yeah. In that you, you worked for one company or the other as a family. Yeah. Like husband and wife didn't work. They didn't split up. And one worked at Puma and one worked at Adidas. And plus, I mean, If you fell in love with somebody from a family across the river like you, that was Sorry. Yeah. That's, you got a Romeo and Juliet thing going on, that ain't gonna work out. Isn't it Crazy? It is. And I, I was glad that one, this, one of the local historians who was interviewed for one of these articles said it wasn't like bloody or anything.


Sure. Like, no one lost their lives over this. It was just, you know, If you worked for Puma, you stayed on the Puma side of the river. If you worked for Adidas, you stayed on the Adidas side of the river and each, each group kept to themselves. That was all. Yeah. And it still carries over to this day, some of those recent interviews that we both read. I mean it's certainly now it's a little more good natured ribbing. But they say when you walk around this town, walk through a playground and you see will, you will see kids kid it out in all Adidas or all Puma. Right. And this is carried down from generations where they were Adidas or Puma families. And it was, it was a really big deal and still remains so to this day, such that the, the mayor who actually came from a Puma family Oh yeah.


But to be mayor, you can't, You know, You gotta be a politician. Sure. So He will wear to some events, casual events, Puma gear and sometimes Adidas gear. Eventually in 2009, they had a friendly soccer match between the, the official Puma sponsor team and Adidas team. And he wore one Puma shoe and one Adidas shoe just to remain neutral, I guess, And to look like a total jackass Probably. So then it showed him rubbing like his pu his Adidas foot. Later on they called him on camera. So this was the, the, like you said, there was a, a soccer game that was played between Adidas and Puma kind of a reconciliation thing on International Peace Day back in I think 2009.


Yeah. That happened. Think about this. The, the ru the Rudy and Adi Dassler died in the seventies within four years of each other. This was 2009 before the companies finally kind of had this reconciliation game. Yeah. And yeah, today still it's like you kind of, well you'll gently, you know, make fun of somebody wearing Adidas if you're a Puma family or whatever. But while the brothers were alive, you just steered clear of everybody who was on the, on the other side. So much so that Herzo was known as the town of the lowered gaze. Because If you came upon somebody on the street, you would look at their shoes to see what shoes they were wearing before you decided whether you're gonna talk to 'em or not.


Isn That's so funny. It was That, it was that established, this bro, these brothers hatred and rivalry of one another. And they didn't speak for decades spread out into the town that was divided by this river. And the town itself took sides. It because of this rift between these brothers that all started supposedly in this bomb shelter during World War ii. Yeah. And the, the Mayor hacker, his, his first name is German, could that be right? German? The German The German or the Geron, the German or the journalist is really lazy and didn't, they're just like, it's a, he's a German. We're gonna call him that. I wonder if he pronounces it Erman.


That's what I would say. Or, Or Herriman Because they don't say Germany over there anyway. But do, yeah, they say Deutschland. Yeah. But, but would would it be Herriman or No, I guess they spell the Herrimans with an H. Yeah, I think it would be Mayor Geron haka. Right? Oh yeah. There is an h Germin ha Saka Who's on grass. But he says if someone, if someone comes in through the door to this day, your ga still wanders to their shoes. It's just in the DNA of those people that this athletic gear is so important. It's so strange. It's such a cool, cool, weird story. It is a great story of Sibling rivalry and bitterness and hatred.


And like you said, they didn't speak for decades, apparently much later in life. There were a couple of times when they were a rumor to have spoken once. I think they were into each other at an airport once they saw each other at a hotel. And I believe on the deathbed, which one tried to get in touch with the other Rudy. Rudy was Dying. Rudy put out the call, said, I would like to see my brother Adi one more time. And Adi went, no thanks, I'm good. Nine. Can you believe it? Yeah. Man, that's, that's tough. So they died, the family sold the, the business in the eighties, late eighties.


And they got bought by like corporate conglomerates. Sure. Ironically, Puma now owns Reebok and Gucci owns Puma. Adidas is still just Adidas. But again it's it's owned by like a mega conglomerate. Right. And they've, they've just gone enormous and make billions of dollars a year. So the families aren't necessarily involved, but one family member still works in the business. His name is Frank Dosser, I believe he was Rudy's grandson and he used to work at Puma. He was pretty high up in Puma. Yeah. Now he works as the head of the legal department for Adidas.


Man. Talk about switching sides. That's a, It's, it's a pretty good indication of how, how much the, this Cold War is kind of thawed between the two companies quite a bit because the people who are running it have no skin in the game. They don't, they don't care anymore. You know. Yeah. Or he's an attorney and he would just after the most money. Right. He's like, lemme suck your blood. So we have a fun little postscript on this. I know we've been talking about run DMC and again, you youngins it might be second nature now to associate athletic gear and hip hop and rap music and culture. But back in the early 1980s, that was not the case until run. DMC came along. No. Like your, your rappers probably dressed like a gone and king.


Yeah. Or maybe like the New York dolls. Yeah. Or just like, I mean, sometimes I feel like I've seen just like denim jackets and just sort of like, just sort of street wear, which is the unhip thing I've ever said. It was pretty unhip. I didn't wanna say anything, but I'm glad you did street Wear. So, you know, play clothes. So run DMC changed everything when they released a single called My Adidas. Yeah. And I saw elsewhere that they released a single my Adidas kind of in retaliation to a song My Puma, A song called Felon Shoes. Hmm. So have you ever noticed that run DMC wore their Adidas without laces?


With the tongues popped out. Oh, I noticed That was supposedly because that's how people in prison had to wear their shoes. Yeah. 'cause they weren't allowed to have shoe laces and they were kind of saying like, we're down with all of our buddies in prison. Interesting. So this song fell in shoes, basically was making fun of that and basically teaching kids not to, not to emulate prisoners and run DMC took issue with that. And they ended up releasing my Adidas, the song on Raisin Hell in 1986. Sorry. Raisin Hell. Yes. Which I remember my family was on a, a busted Disney World once I think, oh man, the windows were foggy and I was so into run DMCI just wrote Raisin Hell in the fog on the window.


Dude, people on the bus thought that was really hilarious. That is a great story. So I was into my Adidas too because of run DMC, but it wasn't just me. Apparently If you went to a run DMC show on the Raisin held tour or the Together Forever tour in 1986 or 87 when they sang my Adidas, everybody would take off their shoes and hold their Adidas in the air. Yeah. That's how, that's how big of an impact this song had. Yeah. And in 1986, a senior employee at Adidas named Angelo Anastasio went to that tour at Madison Square Garden, saw this happen with the Adidas sneakers and was like, hold on a minute, wait just a second.


We could have something here. Ran back to the headquarters and within just a few days they signed them to a million dollar endorsement deal. And that was like a sea change forward for hip hop groups getting money in all sorts of ways. Yeah. And apparently it made Adidas's sales just go through the roof. Oh Yeah. Yep. And it's like, that began the marriage of like, I'm gonna put out a record, I'm gonna get a shoe deal. I might get a, a vodka sponsor. Like, oh yeah, I'll get money flowing in from all kinds of directions and run DMC started it all A vodka sponsor. That's hilarious. Sure. I feel like I've seen that. No, Oh yeah, You, you totally have like PP Diddy and Ciroc vodka I think.


Yeah. Look, it works. I associate P Diddy and Ciroc vodka. Andrew's nodding. That means you're Correct. Awesome. Thanks Andrew. Jerry would've been like, what? I'm my MISO's getting cold. Right? Can you guys hurry up? We will hurry up. Ghost of Jerry. If you wanna know anything else about Adidas and Puma, we'll just go start reading up more. There's actually a book by a woman named Barbara Smitt called Sneaker Wars Appropriately, all about the riff between Adidas and Puma. So If you wanna know more about it, that's a pretty good place to start. And since I said that, it's time for listener Mayo.


Yeah. I'm gonna call this sponges. Okay. Hey guys, I was listening to Pando and I was excited. Y'all mentioned glass sponges, which are thought to be the oldest animals on earth. I am a PhD student at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in San Diego, and I study marine sponges because they make all sorts of unique molecules that can be used as new medicines. I think sponges are the coolest animals on earth. And I'd love to share some of my favorite sponge fun facts. You ready? Oh yes. Not only are sponges thought to be the oldest living single living animals on earth, but some evolutionary biologists, even think sponges were the first animals to ever evolve.


In other words, our last common animal ancestor could very well have been a sponge. That's So cool. Did you know the first antiviral drug approved by the FDA was developed from a molecule in a c sponge? I didn't, until just now. As a PhD student, I collect and study sponges because they're known to produce thousands of bioactive molecules, many of which have medi medicinal potential. I think it's pretty incredible that the ocean may hold the cure to some of the most devastating human diseases, and I hope my work might inspire people to protect the world's oceans and the valuable resources within them. That's awesome. Heck yeah. Thanks for all the hard work you guys put into the show. Y'all have kept me company on mini a long night in the lab with my sponges.


That's awesome. Well, it makes me wanna go chew on a sponge and see what happens. That's right. That's from Kayla Wilson. From San Diego. Thanks a lot, Kayla. Thanks for the work you're doing too. Thank you for saving humanity from grave diseases. Yeah. We'll look into these sponges as you call them. If you want us to look into anything that we put in scare quotes, well we want to know about it, you can go onto our website, Stuff You Should Know dot com. Follow us on our social links there. You can get in touch with us. You can also send us a good old fashioned email. Wrap it up, spank that thing on the bottom and send it off to stuff podcast@howstuffworks.com.


Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. Let's talk about moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity. Doesn't sound familiar. Think about how you've been sleeping lately. If you've had nights where you've been told you snore loudly or choke or gasp for air and then wake up feeling tired, it may be due to OSA in The us. Moderate to severe OSA affects around 24 million adults. Many are adults with obesity and most cases remain undiagnosed and untreated.


Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lilly USA, llc.


Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know. So you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime. But when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed profile. No rabbit holes. Required


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDC.


You're Listening to an IHeartPodcasts.