
At t Rowe Price, their experience helps them see investment potential differently. Instead of quick answers, they know that what really leads to confident investing is true curiosity. In other words, they love a good deep dive. It's what drives them to ask the questions that really matter in our ever-changing world. Like, can healthcare innovations create a healthier world? And how will intelligence systems be part of a new tomorrow? Their curiosity runs deep, and with it comes the power to help you invest more confidently, better questions, better outcomes. T Rowe Price. Learn more at t rowe price.com/curiosity.


This episode is brought to you by 20th Century Studios. The amateur, Charlie Heller is the CIA's most brilliant computer analyst whose life is turned upside down when his wife is murdered in a terrorist attack wrought with grief, Charlie decides her killers must pay without any field experience. Charlie must trek the globe and use his biggest weapon, his intelligence, to enact as revenge because the most unexpected threat is an amateur starring academy award winner, Rami Malick and Academy Award nominee Lawrence Fishburne, the amateur rated PG 13 only in theaters and IMAX April 11th.


Hi everybody. Since self improvement is kind of in the air this time of year, I thought I would choose our 2022 episode on mindfulness. We cover its origins, how it became a thing in the west, and the upsides And yes drawbacks. I hope it changes your life for the better. Enjoy. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh and there's Chuck and Jerry's here-ish. And this is Stuff You Should Know Ish.


This is full on Stuff You Should Know, Charles, Remember that point? I feel like it was about 10, eight to 10 years ago where everyone was just saying ish on the end of things instead of saying like, you know, finding the real word that they were looking for. So, so like in approximation of the word or, or of the thing they were describing. So like I'm, yeah, just instead of I'm 40 ish. No, not even that. Like when there's like a real word that could be used and they would just throw ish on another word. I Don't know what you're talking about. No. Yeah, it was, it was a thing. It swept the nation. When Was it?


Or maybe I'm thinking of the Macarena, That that's what you're thinking of. Okay. Alright man. Nevermind. That really did sweep the nation. Remember that? Who let the dogs out? It was like a one two punch. He did Let the dogs out. Did they ever find that out? No, I think it was a rhetorical question Ish. It's the kind of rhetorical question you could ask yourself, Chuck, while you're meditating. Yeah. But first, thanks, thanks. But I'm gonna step all over the segue because, because before we get started, Chuck, I want to do, if you'll allow me one another, shout out for my little niece Mila's movie, big time movie called No Exit that's coming out as far as when this episode drops tomorrow.


So February 25th, tomorrow 2022. No matter when you hear this, just immediately go onto Hulu, subscribe if Hulu, If you haven't yet Hulu. And check out my niece Mila in no exit. 'cause she is, she sent me the trailer. Amazing. What'd you think? It looks like a, a taut thriller. She looks fantastic. From what you can tell from a trailer. I know. Unless they, You just saved all the bad parts for the movie. I Don't think they did. I was reading an interview with the director and he was saying like she was, she was doing such a, an amazing job of being terrified and freaked out and everything that like after in between takes like the other cast members would be like, are you okay? And she'd be like, yeah, why are you okay? And Like, you know I'm acting right.


Yeah, exactly. She's like, it's acting. You like John Love said. That's great. Yeah, I love it. So on Hulu, no exit. February 25th, my niece Mila just kills it. There you go. Can't wait. Thanks again for that Chuck. So let's get started of thank you for not passing judgment on that. Either way You're segwaying. 'cause we're Talking about 'cause passing judgment. It means I'm not being mindful. 'cause a big part of mindfulness huge is to not judge. Yeah. So that's like, this is one of those ones, you know, those episodes where we just start talking about the thing without defining it. This is not gonna be one of those episodes.


'cause I think it would be kind of rough otherwise, you know? Yeah. And I guess if you're gonna define mindfulness, you need to kind of go back in time. I mean, I guess we could hop in the way back machine. We haven't done that in a while. Yeah, it's been a while. It's pull the old cover off. It's quite dusty in here. It And a little bit of mildew. A little mildew. There's some old Crystals boxes. Those are yours. Remember you had them accidentally delivered to your house. Right. And then we went back to the old west to celebrate. You're thinking of Back to the Future three. Oh, right, right, right. I call Mary Steam Buron, meaning I get to play her, not date her or anything.


Oh, I date Mary Steam Burgeon. I always had a big crush on her. Isn't that Oh really? That's a Ted Danson's old squeeze. Right? It's his current squeeze. I'm not gonna fight him For Are they, are they still together? Yeah, I think so. Gosh, they've been together for a while. Yeah, good couple. Okay, great. Good stuff. So who knew we were gonna be talking about Ted Danon at the beginning of mindfulness? Not me. I could have guessed Richard gear, but Ted Danson's a big surprise. If we get in the way back machine and go back in time to sort of the beginning of Buddhism, you'd have to look at the, the, the language poly and the word sat poly is PALI.


Sat is SATI. There are a lot of different words for mindfulness, but the one that we kind of identify with, it's kind of been used most from Poly, which is a, a middle inoa liturgical language from the early branches of Buddhism. Yeah, it Was, it's A lot to take in. The reason that that Polly is so important is because they say that it was the language of the Buddha, and at the very least it was the first language that the Buddha's words, which have been passed down orally were written down in. So it's like legit old school Buddhist thinking and teachings. And one of the basic parts of that is, like you said, sati, which is, has been translated to mindfulness, but Right.


But it was translated by a British colonial administrator, wasn't it? That's right. And it kind of more accurately is translated as memory of the present, which I think is a, a really kind of a cool way to look at mindfulness. Yeah, absolutely. It really kind of reveals what, what's, what's going on. Especially once you kinda learn a little more about it, you're like, that actually works about as perfectly as as can be. But it got, it got translated into the word mindfulness. Into mindfulness by a, a British colonial administrator in Salan, which is now Sri Lanka back in the 1880s. So it was some British guy who said Sat means mindfulness and actually kind of gave it to us today.


Although there was a long period where it had been forgotten. But I think you can't really talk about mindfulness even though it's changed so dramatically, especially in the last decade or so without kind of describing what it it was originally meant to describe or what it still describes if you're a practicing Buddhist. And that is that like you are not only like paying attention to the moment and like, like experiencing this moment without letting your thoughts wander to the past or the future or anything like that. But that whatever you're experiencing in the moment, no matter what it is you're experiencing with equanimity, which means that you're not passing judgment on it as good or bad or anything else.


It just is. And it sounds easy to describe, but if you've ever tried it, it's one of the hardest things a human being can ever set out to do. Yeah. I mean I think it's very, very natural for a human to seek out and contemplate and think about the things that feel good and please them and to try and stuff down and get rid of and avoid things that either hurt, literally hurt or emotionally hurt or things that are painful or unpleasant. And boy, that's say a, that is a tough thing to overcome my friend. Just the condition of being human makes that very difficult.


But yeah, and you just nailed it on the head, not once but twice, Chuck, when you said that it's a very human condition and part of sat, the point of sat as far as like Buddhists are concerned, is that it's a step that you take on the path to enlightenment, to free yourself from the cycle of like life and death and rebirth and to become like a truly enlightened being that's freed from all of that. And so you have to free yourself from that human condition. And a big part of that is to free yourself from yearning from wanting because yearning and wanting or being repelled by something and wanting to get away from it, there are two sides of the same coin as far as SA is concerned, which is you are wishing that something is different or was different than it actually is.


And that's the basis of suffering. And suffering is the thing that keeps you in that cycle of life and death and rebirth. So meditating to become mindful and nonjudgmental about your present experience is one step toward re relieving yourself with suffering and then freeing yourself from that shackle of being born and reborn and reborn again. Well, you my friend, have just spoken about the noble truths in part because craving is the cause of suffering is the second noble truth. And to cease that craving will bring about the ceasing of that suffering, which is the third noble truth. And basically experiencing the moment without, and everything about the moment without judgment is sort of the, the goal.


And you know, for modern, you know, we're gonna talk a lot about sort of the beginnings of mindfulness and kind of how it's become kind of a hip thing to do here in the United States starting in about the 1970s and on, and especially today. Yeah. But we're, we're kind of talking in American modern terms about stress and de-stressing. And the Buddhists have a term for that, which is duka, D-U-K-K-H-A. And that is, you know, again, to avoid or destroy something that we don't like. And what we usually don't like is something that's gonna put a stress on us. Right, exactly. And they're saying like, dude, this is part of the point of life.


I'm reading this really amazing book by thi not han right now rereading it actually, it's one of those ones you just kind of go back and reread very like easy slim volume. It's called No Mud, no Lotus. And it basically says like, without suffering you can't have happiness and vice versa. Pretty pretty basic stuff. But like he really gets into explaining how to confront suffering and understand that it's just part of life. And that's a huge part of the Buddhist approach to mindfulness. It's not to get away from suffering, it's to recognize it as it is and also simultaneously not make a bigger deal out of it than it is. 'cause suffering's enough, it's bad enough as it is, but another part of the human condition is to make it way worse by anticipating it, worrying about it, like focusing on it after it happens.


There's a lot of stuff we do to our own suffering that explodes it. And part of mindfulness training is to, is to stop doing that as well too. You ain't kidding. And the lack of judgment is a big, big part of all of this. And we're gonna talk quite a bit here and there about John Cabot Zen, who is, I would say easy, far and away the sort of leader of the modern American mindfulness movement in a lot of different ways. And we'll get to him in more detail later, but he says that awareness that arises through paying attention on purpose. And that's another big part of it's, it's a very purposeful practice. Yeah. But not meditation, which we'll get to that as well because meditation is a true physical practice that you in mental practice, whereas mindfulness is more of a state of being that you're trying to get to.


Right. But he says on purpose in the present moment and non nonjudgmentally, they always have to kind of hammer home the lack of judgment being a key part. Right, exactly. And he's, he's a proponent in kind of one of the, the founders of what you can refer to as secular mindfulness, which is this current incarnation of mindfulness that's sweeping the west. It's like you said, hip that's been kind of like removed deliberately as we'll see removed from its Buddhist roots and Buddhist context to make it more palatable and scientific seeming. Yeah. Secular, Secular strip it of All the religion and maybe we can sell it to Americans Exactly.


In An app. But the, yeah, the upshot of all this though, Chuck, is that no matter who you are, where you're coming from, if you're talking about mindfulness, you're talking about paying attention to the present moment and doing the best you can at not judging anything that's going on in, in that present experience and just taking it on its face value and engaging in it fully. That's mindfulness in a nutshell. Yeah. And it's not anything that the Buddhist had a corner on, they just probably did it better because all different kinds of religions throughout antiquity had, you know, chanting or some kind of mindfulness practice, maybe prayers or through songs or dance, you know, that that kind of thing has been around as long as people have been practicing religion.


So the Buddhist did not invent it, but I think they got it fairly right. So let's talk a little more about how we got here today. Historically speaking after a break. What do you think about that? It sounds great. I'm gonna breathe in the meantime.


Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing an bay sofas where designer style meets budget friendly prices. Anna Baye brings you the ultimate in furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to, to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. An bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stain resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy liquid. Simply slide right off designed for custom comfort. Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years, don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


It's a quickly changing world and when it comes to investing every day brings new questions the way to truly confident investing well that road is paved with curiosity. That's why at t Row price, they're relentlessly curious. They don't settle for fast answers. That's right. Especially when it comes to your retirement, because yesterday's answers may not be the ones you need to today to secure a successful retirement tomorrow. So how much is enough? What If you don't wanna stop working or even switch gears and take on chapter two. These questions just scratch the surface, the possibilities and the unexpected of what your future could hold are endless. Find out more on their podcast, confident Conversations on Retirement, where they dig deep with questions that will get to the answers you are looking for so you can feel confident investing in your future. T Rowe Price Confident Conversations on Retirement podcast, find it on your favorite podcast platform or visit t rowe price.com/podcast.


Hey everybody, we wanna talk to you about Squarespace and in particular, If you have a great idea that you wanna sell on the web. Well, Squarespace makes it easy to sell access to content on your websites. That's right. You can do online courses, you can do blogs, videos, memberships. You can even earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. Simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. That's right. And you can get your content discovered fast. With integrated SEO tools, every Squarespace website is optimized to be indexed with meta descriptions and autogenerated sitemap and more. So you show up more often to more people in global search engine results. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff S-T-U-F-F to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain.


This episode is brought to you by 20th Century Studios. The amateur, Charlie Heller is the CIA's most brilliant computer analyst whose life is turned upside down when his wife is murdered in a London terrorist attack. Wrt with grief, Charlie decides her killers must pay. He implores his CIA superiors to send him to train under Agent Henderson to become a skilled assassin after a few field tests. Henderson is convinced that no matter how much training Charlie receives, he will never have what it takes to become a killer. But Charlie doesn't let this stop him. And without the support of the CIA, he embarks on a journey across the globe hunting down each one of his wife's murderers Without the skills of an assassin, Charlie must use his biggest weapon, his intelligence to enact as revenge because the most unexpected threat is an amateur Starring Academy Award winner. Rami Malick, Rachel Brosnahan, Katrina blf, Michael Stuhlbarg, an Academy Award nominee Lawrence Fishburne, the amateur rated PG 13 only in theaters and imax April 11th.


Hey, let me teach you something. I've been using that tick, not Han taught me all right? Not personally, but through his writing in a book that was published that I purchased with Money Smash Your Hand With a Hammer. Yeah, he said try to focus on anything else chump. Right. There's a bunch of different mantras you can say, and I'm not even sure that's the right word, but one that I keep using is, and it's just striking what, taking a breath and deliberately focusing on that breath, just breathing in once and breathing out once can do to like, just suck you right out of wherever your mind is in the past or the future. It's, it's really striking what, how it can do that. But his was, it's a tape breathing in, I noticed that I'm alive and then breathing out I'm happy to be alive.


And just doing it once, like immediately brings me back into the present moment. And it's really cool. I like it. It's all very new for me, but I, I think it's, it's pretty cool. Yeah, there's a lot of value there and You know, you can like practice something like this and those breathing techniques, it's not exclusive to mindfulness or meditation or Buddhism. I, you know, that's a great technique If you have kids. I found that, you know, if if my daughter's having a bad time, just kinda get her to slow down and take a couple of good deep breaths. Oh yeah. Always a good thing to do. Yeah. And Emily, who you know, is someone who has a lot of anxieties in her life as a struggling small business owner, we will do this thing where we have hug breathing where I will go up to her and we will have a good tight bear hug embrace and we'll breathe in together and it sort of like doubles the power of it.


Wow. That's neat, Chuck. Yeah. Is that your own, did you come up with that? Yeah, I mean, I'm sure, I mean, I didn't get it from anywhere, but I'm sure I didn't invent that. It sounds like a, a Viking mindfulness, Like Hell's Angels. Sure. Yeah. It's the Hell's Angels technique you came up with. You can call it whatever you want. It's your invention. It's a good one. Yeah. There's something about breathing together that close physically. It's, it's pretty powerful. So If you, If you went back a few hundred years, couple hundred years even, and you spoke to any Buddhist around the world and said, Hey, how often do you do mindfulness meditation? They would look at you like they had no idea what you were talking about.


And If you said, you know, sat, they'd say, oh, that's not for us. That's for like the monks and the nuns up in the the caves Yeah. In the mountains. Like, we don't do that kind of stuff. We're surprising, we're super Buddhist, we care about morality and we worship local deities and all that stuff. But that's, that's kind of advanced, that's more than than the average Buddhist does. And it wasn't until I think the late 19th century in Burma that that was finally kind of broken up. And, and meditation and mindfulness together we're kind of introduced for the first time to like lay Buddhists like just the normal everyday average Buddhist living their life. Yeah. This is pretty cool. Like I know we love it when we can kind of pinpoint when things happen or when things change.


And this is one of them on November 28th and 1885, this is when the British Imperial Army conquered Burma and said, king, we're gonna mispronounce some of these thal maybe. I think that's right. You're outta here. And that king was promoting mindfulness and promoting Buddhist institutions throughout the nation. The Brits of course said, nah, we're not gonna really do that. So it fell to the laypeople to get organized, to find new places to meet, to find their own, you know, gathering grounds. And a lot of times these were monasteries and it would go through monks, but they would, they, it basically went to them to kind of figure it out because it wasn't, I don't wanna say state sponsored, but it kind of state sponsored Yeah.


Or state supported or something like that. Yeah, yeah. But so and so, rather than being like, oh, well I don't know who, I guess we're not Buddhists anymore. They, they took it by the horns and like they did something with it. But one of the outcroppings of that was that like these monks who used to just go meditate out in the, like in the mountains or the hills or in the woods were now, now had audiences of like everyday people who were practicing Buddhists that they were teaching this stuff to. And it was, it was one of these guys, Letty Sau, who was a Buddhist monk who said, you know what, this isn't just for us, this is for everybody. Yeah. And closely in lady say's, foot footsteps came Ming Seow, S-A-Y-A-W say Ya.


I think that's right. And that he, that monk was the first one to actually teach mindfulness and meditation to regular people, I think around 1911. Yeah. I mean, it's cool stuff. Like, I love the idea that Letty sael kind of put forth, which was, you don't have to go to a monastery, even like, we've set these up for you and you can, you don't have to retreat to a cave. You don't have to, you don't even have to go into a deep meditative state or anything. Like, just momentary bits of mindfulness are very helpful. Right. And that's a good way to reach regular lay people. And I think through practice is when Sael came along and said, Hey, that all sounds great and buddy I'm gonna teach it.


Right. So the the, the people in what is now my Myanmar are the ones who kind of broke out, broke mindfulness and meditation out of, its its little Slumber Sure. Cage or something like that. All right. And democratized it a little bit. But it was, as far as the people in the west are concerned, it was the Japanese and their development of Zen Buddhism that we have to thank because this is, you can pretty much trace a direct line between the mindfulness and the meditation and the approach to Buddhism in the west today back to the 20th century Japan, and specifically a guy named Dsu Tero, DT Suzuki.


So DT Suzuki was kind of a, what's called a Buddhist modernist thinker who said, there's different things we can do with this, but let's approach this a little more rationally, a little less dogmatically and open it up to people like our friends in what's soon to be me and Mar. And not only that, let's, let's start relating to the West a little more. And DT Suzuki actually kinda carried this message, this idea of Zen Buddhism with him over to America and Europe. And it just started to catch on like wildfire. Yeah. I think it's really interesting too that it was another act of war that led to, you know, that helped give rise to someone like Suzuki.


Just like when the Brits overthrew Burma, when the US Navy attacked Tokyo Harbor in 1853, there was, you know, basically Japan was like, you know, we gotta, we gotta start relating to the west a little bit more and sort of modernize. And this was known as the Mei restoration. And part of that was saying, Hey, Shinto is gonna be our religion, our main religion, and not Buddhism, which led the Buddhist to say, Hey, maybe we should modernize our religion as well to, you know, so we don't get left by the wayside. And that gave rise to someone like DT Suzuki. Right. So it was from that modernization that Buddhist modernism came about.


And it's basically what you would recognize as Buddhism today. Like very thoughtful, very interior dwelling, the idea that the universe is all connected. All these were like Buddhist thoughts before, but it was, it was Buddhism allowing itself to be influenced by modernism and by other groups like the Romantics and the Transcendentalists. Right. So it was, and They, they jumped on it big time. It was pretty, it was like a confluence of perfect timing as far as coming to the United States and like the counterculture ready for this. But In a weird way, it was like the United States unbeknownst to the counterculture beats and then later the hippies that their predecessors, like the Transcendentalists had, had pre influenced Oh yeah.


What was coming back to them. So it was already in a very palatable form for Americans who were open to the idea of like mind expansion and taking acid and, you know, and meditating and were just open to the ideas of other cultures of becoming like more in tune with the universe. It was, they were just waiting for it and it came to them in the, in, in, in the briefcase, I guess, of DT Suzuki. And it, it just kind of took off from there. So the idea, everything we understand about mindfulness and meditation you can trace back to like DT Suzuki and those beats. Absolutely. And there were three people in particular in the seventies and sixties and seventies practicing this Joseph Goldstein, Jack Kornfield and Sharon Salzberg who were not together, but they studied separately meditation and Burma.


And then the mid seventies founded the Insight Meditation Society in Massachusetts, which became sort of the center of the vipasana meditation movement here in the United States. And they're, they're still around, they're still doing their thing. Right. So it was from that same group, there was actually a time where John Cabot Zi the guy you, we mentioned earlier, ZI by the way, not ZEN, that would be too far on the nose. Oh wait, what If his name was spelled ZEN. Oh, I gotcha. I don't, boy, I was not paying attention To. Was that not obvious To the, the current experience?


Very well. I'm sorry. Oh, that's Okay. That'd be like a boxer being named Boxer. Yeah. It would be Cab but spelled differently. Right. I was, for some reason I was going more toward the Cabernet Inn play on words. Well, 'cause you're Yeah. That I is in there. Yeah. So he's known as the godfather of modern mindfulness, according to The Guardian at least, which is a pretty legit newspaper. And by the way, thank you also to Olivia for helping us out with this one. Chuck. This was a tough one to wrangle. She did a great job. She did. She did. But John Cabot Zinn was among those people, Jack Kornfield, great name Sharon Salzberg and Ja Joseph Goldstein, he actually taught at their Insight Meditation Society and he was a, a big time practitioner of Zen Buddhism.


And he had, he was on like, I guess a meditation retreat and he had a, a bit of insight, well I guess an epiphany is probably what you'd call it, that he was meant to help apply Buddhist techniques to help people who are in pain. He had a, either a microbiology or molecular biology degree and he ended up applying it to medicine and figuring out how to join Buddhist practices and medicine to help people in the seventies. And it really started to take off from there. Yeah. I mean he sort of had the same idea as previous cultures, which was, hey, if we wanna and not sell for money, but if we want to popularize this, we should get a little bit away from the religion part.


The sort of hippie dippy, new agey part. And he really wanted to start talking in concrete terms about things that everyone worried about, which was stress. And like, If you want to make your life less stressful, here's, here's a way to do it. And more on mindfulness and less on meditation, which was still a tough sell to mainstream America and still is today I think. Yeah. But it's gotten less and less, I feel like it, he finally overcame the, the threshold that was, you know, keeping it back in the last like five, 10 years and achieved what he was looking for. I mean, think about mindfulness is everywhere today.


Yeah. And it is almost totally divorced from any kind of religious connotations. It seems like a neuroscience tool more than anything, the way that it's treated Totally in the west. Yeah. And that was his goal. He, he was trying to, to get it to the most people possible, study it scientifically, and then apply it to help people. And specifically again, he was initially looking at how it can help people with pain. And he came up with mindfulness based stress reduction, MBSR, which is still very much in use today. And then there was an offshoot too, Chuck, mindfulness based cognitive therapy. Yeah.


And that's, that takes CBT, which is a proven type of talk therapy used extensively in psychology and, and applies John Cabot zinn's approach to mindfulness to it. Right. Yeah. And I think one of the big tenets here is to interrupt automatic thoughts, right. And the automatic thoughts that can lead to an automatic behavior. So the automatic thought might just be your propensity to feel that stress and reach for a drink immediately and not even think like, oh boy, I need a drink 'cause I'm stressed out and that'll help out. Right. It becomes this automatic thing. And he was all about, and the practice of mindfulness is all about disruption and disrupting that flow without judgment.


Yeah. Because one of the big things in cognitive behavioral therapy is that you have a thought, your thought leads to a feeling and your feeling leads to a behavior. And oftentimes it's like you said, it's very destructive and you don't even realize it's going on until your life is kind of falling apart or it's certainly not as good as it could be. And it doesn't even have to be a drink, it could be a donut, it could be yelling at, at a cashier, at a a, you know, a grocery store. Like all sorts of different things. And you are totally out of control of it. The idea behind this mindfulness, adding mindfulness to cognitive behavioral therapy is that you are training yourself to detach yourself from all thoughts and emotions so that you can evaluate them clearly so that none of them can jump outta nowhere pounce on you.


And the next thing you know, you've eaten a dozen donuts and had six scotches and you have no idea why. You do have the idea why. And you probably haven't gotten to that point because you've stopped the whole process by recognizing it the moment it began. Ideally, theoretically on paper, that's the, the purpose of using mindfulness to help, especially with, with mental health. Yeah. There's a journalist named Robert Wright and he kind of put it in a way that I kinda like, which was to think of your thoughts and emotions as transient. So it's not like that kind of goes back to the no judgment thing. You can have these bad feelings and bad emotions and bad tendencies, but If you allow, If you allow them to just flow through you, they become transient.


Right. They don't stick around the, the same sort of ideas that you, you can't, why worry about things that you can't control? Right. But not in a, an office poster kind of way. You know what I mean? Sure. It runs a bit deeper than that. It's not like a Pollyanna thing. No. And as a matter of fact, like If you want to trace it all the way back to its original Buddhist roots, it's that like we have very little, if any, control over life and that recognizing that will free us from all of our desires. And the idea that like we have to have things and we want to hang on to it.


Like it just lets you let things flow by and you can enjoy them and experience them as they come rather than hoping for the next one, needing the next donut or fearing the next loss. You, you just experience life as it comes. That's kind of the point of that, of, of understanding that everything is transient and impermanent, including your own, your own life. Like you're going to die one day. There's ultimately the big like, you know, like bingo number. Yeah. Like that's ultimately what leading, that's the big one is you're going to die. You, you yourself are impermanent. And so understanding that through getting there through meditation, daily meditative practice is, is kind of the goal.


Yeah. And it's interesting they found that it's, even though something like MBSR is more rooted in that sort of neurosciencey thing and not spirituality or religion, they found it sort of a chicken in the egg deal where once you do participate in MBSR you may become more spiritual as a result even though you weren't going in. But I think the reason why is because even if these people don't know it, even if they're at a corporate mindfulness retreat, they're engaging in a deeply spiritual practice. Yeah. That, That it's, they're kind of doing it wrong as we'll see, but they're still, it's still, you know, part of this very long established tradition that's, that actually has like legs.


It's not, it's not mumbo jumbo, like it actually has a pronounced effect on, on the human brain, the human psyche, the outlook that we have on life. And so depending on the context you're doing it and it can be very useful, it can be harmful or it can be totally useless in some cases too. But it is a spiritual act so it makes sense that it would make you more interested in spirituality. Well, I say we take our second break if that's good. Okay. And because we're Stuff You Should Know, we have to talk about whether or not this works and if there have been studies that tell us one way or the other. So we'll get into that right after this.


There's nothing like sinking into luxury. An bay sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. Anaba has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids pets, or anyone who loves an easy to clean spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699 and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


It's a quickly changing world and when it comes to investing every day brings new questions the way to truly confident investing well that road is paved with curiosity. That's why at t Rowe Price, they're relentlessly curious. They don't settle for fast answers. That's right. Especially when it comes to your retirement, because yesterday's answers may not be the ones you need today to secure a successful retirement tomorrow. So how much is enough? What If you don't wanna stop working or even switch gears and take on chapter two? These questions just scratch the surface, the possibilities and the unexpected of what your future could hold are endless. Find out more on their podcast, confident Conversations on Retirement, where they dig deep with questions that will get to the answers you are looking for so you can feel confident investing in your future. T Rowe Price Confident Conversations on Retirement podcast, find it on your favorite podcast platform or visit t rowe price.com/podcast.


This episode is brought to you by 20th Century Studios. The amateur Charlie Heller is the CIA's most brilliant computer analyst whose life is turned upside down when his wife is murdered in a London terrorist attack wrought with grief, Charlie decides her killers must pay. He implores his CIA superiors to send him to train under Agent Henderson to become a skilled assassin after a few field tests. Henderson is convinced that no matter how much training Charlie receives, he will never have what it takes to become a killer. But Charlie doesn't let this stop him. And without the support of the CIA, he embarks on a journey across the globe, hunting down each one of his wife's murderers. Without the skills of an assassin, Charlie must use his biggest weapon, his intelligence to enact as revenge because the most unexpected threat is an amateur Starring Academy Award winner. Rami Malick, Rachel Brosnahan, Katrina blf, Michael Stuhlbarg, an Academy Award nominee Lawrence Fishburne, the amateur rated PG 13 only in theaters and imax April 11th.


What if I told you the most important part of your spring cleaning routine is your sock drawer? Yeah. You heard that right? It's time to ditch any mismatched tired pairs and refresh your collection with some fresh bombas. Yeah. Are you ready to unlock your new running hobby? Well, bombass engineers blister fighting, sweat wicking athletic socks that will help you go from that first mile to a whole marathon. That's right. Or these are the ones I like. They're, they're nice socks. If you're looking for a nice pair to wear to a wedding, bombass dress socks are made for loafers heels and all your other fancy shoes because you gotta stay comfy on that dance floor. Yeah. And the best part of all this, for every comfy pair you purchase, Bombas donates another comfy pair to someone facing homelessness and Bombas is going international. You can enjoy worldwide shipping to over 200 countries. Head over to bombas.com/syk and use coat SSK for 20% off your first purchase. That's BOM bs.com/ssk code SYSK for 20% off your first purchase.


All right. It's fun to sit around and talk about mindfulness. So Fun. And to just sort of zen out and lose ourselves, become one with each other through these headphones. Yeah, Man, you sound like Rory Cochrane and Jason Confused, what was his name? Martha New man. What was his Name? Slater. Was he Slater? Hey Slater. Maybe you hippie Drugs man. Yeah, it's Slater. You're right. I know. Get something from your mother man. It's funny, I've seen him and he's been in a bunch of stuff since then and it's, it's always impossible to see him as anyone other than Slater. I mean, have you He was on CSI Miami I think for years.


I know. And years and years. And you're just waiting for him to whip outta doobie. Yes. And he's all clean cut and everything and you know, still can't not see it. I totally agree with you. He's not fooling anybody. All right. So does this stuff work? There have been plenty of studies of course, and there is a lot of evidence that mindfulness programs can help people through emotional problems, through mental problems. They've done controlled trials of MBSR programs and clinical settings and nonclinical settings. And they generally found that they do, and this is self-reported stuff, obviously, but they reduce self-reported anxiety, depression, and stress and increase wellbeing as opposed to people who'd got no treatment at all.


Yeah. So yes, it, I mean it does seem to be effective. There's also, especially with self-reporting, Chuck, that seems to be like the big one that If you, If you look at studies where they're using self-reporting, like it has the most pronounced effect objective tests, there does seem to register some sort of effect like on the objective experience of say like pain or something like that. Right. But social psychology has jumped all over this. It's like, we're gonna study this and there's this one study from 2021, which I have to give a hat tip to Yumi 'cause she turned this one up. Oh, nice. But it, it was a study of white people who, some of whom received mindfulness training and a control group who received sham mindfulness training, which is hilarious.


And the effect that it had on their willingness to help black people that they saw who they saw and need and not like you need, like, you know, homeless or something like that. Like they would be, they would be subjected to a test unwittingly where they'd be in a room and like a, a black person would come in and like drop their papers. Right. And their, their willingness to help that person pick up the papers. Or if a black person entered the room and they were on crutches, their willingness to give up their seat. And apparently black people tend to help black people more. White people tend to help white people more Hispanic people tend to help Hispanic people more. They people help their in-group more. But this mindfulness group actually kind of crossed lines way more than, than was expected.


Right. Yeah. I mean I think that kinda says it all. You, you do help your in group more, but the people that receive the real mindfulness training were definitely far and away more willing to step outside their in group and help someone of another race. Yeah. It's, and that's, you know, there's something to be said for that. Yeah. And I mean it was significant. Three times more is really significant statistically speaking for a study. And it seems like it was a pretty good study. Like the fact that they had sham mindfulness training ruled out the possibility that the group that got mindfulness training was behaving a certain way. 'cause they, they thought like that's what was going to be the result of it. Almost like a placebo effect.


So the group that received sham training thought they were getting mindfulness training and they, what Was that like? They still, that's what I want to know. I would love to know what sham mindfulness Training looks like. Right. It's like, breathe in, really concentrate on all the anger, really feel it. They, or they'd let 'em in like Lama breathing where they're was like, like, I don't think that's right. That doesn't feel right. They started to float away. That's really funny. And shout out to Cal State San Marcos and Professor Daniel Barry and I guess Yumi for all that Yeah, sure. The, the trifecta. Yeah, Sure. What, what's Cal State San Marcos is mascot.


Oh geez. I'm gonna bet $5 on the Lobos. That sounds good. Okay, let's go with that. Alright. Los Lobos even. Yeah, that's their, the band Los Lobos is their mascot. Right. And not coincidentally their halftime entertainment as well, But we do need to say that there's another school of thought and it's not a a competing school of thought. It's just a, Hey, be aware that it, it's not always great for everyone. They, there's this one article you sent about people that experience trauma in their lives that have buried it and it sits in their body as unconscious drama that mindfulness practices and meditation practices can dredge that stuff up.


Yeah. And so they found that when these people, they're studying them and they're doing these mindfulness practice, they're experiencing like rage and anxiety and it's like, whoa, whoa, whoa. This is the opposite of where we're supposed to be headed here. And I think they have figured out in a lot of these cases, it's people that are uncovering these buried traumas. Yeah. And here's where we reach like the first initial part where the west has kind of screwed this up because it is unexpected when somebody in America goes to a meditation retreat and tries to become more mindful and they're confronted with trauma or they're confronted with rage or self-hatred or something like that and they're not expecting it. If you went and talked to like an actual, like Buddhist monk, they'd be like, well, somebody probably should have told you that that's a real possibility.


Right. That you're not, this isn't all, this isn't like, you know, it's like an acid trip. It's not always like flowers and sunshine sometimes it's like the darkest thing you'll ever be confronted with kind of thing. Same thing, the good thing about mindfulness meditation is that you can stop immediately, but it supposedly in some, some retreats and some situations they're like, no, you gotta press through. You gotta press through. And people are kind of enticed or forced into staying in really uncomfortable trauma experiences way beyond their comfort zone. And it can actually be damaging. And it's very rare from what I can tell for there be to like, like lasting harm.


But there are reports of people having to go to therapy for years after having gone on basically a bad trip at a meditation retreat for years, years of therapy. So it can happen. And I guess I like, I think Chuck, there's a 2019 study that found like 20 to 25% of people who meditate reported experiencing unwanted effects. Right. Like negative effects that they, they were not planning for. And that's the big, that's the big problem. There's no, there's nowhere very little warnings about this stuff. It's all treated in a very pollyannaish naive manner as if like, you know, America and Europe got its hands on on like the, the, the secret, the cube from hell raise and just like, this is awesome.


Let's figure out how to be more productive using this thing. That's kind of what's going on. Yeah. And I think another thing that can happen is it can lead to a spiral of anxiety if you're not able to get to that place that you think you should be getting to by practicing it. Yeah. Yeah. So it becomes like this cycle where, you know, you're thinking like, well I'm practicing this meditation, it doesn't seem to be doing anything for me. Why can I not even do this? Right. And all of a sudden that is building upon itself and creating anxieties because you feel like you're supposed to reach this sort of moment of like float floaty bliss. That is, I mean, that's really hard to maintain. Yes. Yeah. It's, or I mean not maintain, but like even touch, even Reach.


Sure. And it's been packaged like that. It's been marketed as something that you will just reach some floaty bliss with and yeah, I can totally see being stressed out because you don't reach it because it hasn't been explained to you even what you're doing. Right. So there's a, it's a, it's a good little short read. It's called mindfulness Meditation and trauma Proceed with caution. I found it on good therapy.org. And it, it doesn't say like, don't do this even if You know you have trauma, don't meditate. Don't try to become mindful. It says some, you know, make sure you find like a good coach, a good guy to good teacher who understands how to deal with trauma and can prepare you for it and can pull you back and be like, don't forget, life's actually good. You're good. And now let's try a little more and just kind of little by little expose yourself to it rather than like, you know, ripping your shirt off and standing in front of like the baseball pitching machine.


There's, when it comes to physical pain, that's a pretty interesting area as far as the studies have been concerned. Like the idea that can it actually help reduce physical pain or at least the subjective experience of pain. And you know, in some studies, in some cases the med people who practice meditation do report lower subjective experience of pain that's deep or what they call pain unpleasantness. So this might be a little bit of a mind over matter, like the actual pain is still there, but I've gotten my mind to, in such a place that the unpleasantness or the anticipation of that unpleasantness isn't as great as it would be if I weren't able to practice that mindfulness.


Yeah. As which ties very closely into a Buddhist tenet of the first arrow of suffering. I love this. Yeah. Which is where everyone has to experience that. Let's say you're bitten by an ant, it's not a very pleasant sensation and everybody's going to experience it roughly the same. But there's also a second arrow where you can be worried about being bitten by an ant and it makes the, actually makes the first arrow 10 times worse. Not just twice as bad, but 10 times worse. And the idea is that if you're mindful, If you practice sati, you won't really experience the second arrow, just the first arrow. And that's the best you can hope for in this life. That's right.


Message for you sir. What That's from, I always just crack up when I, every time I think of an arrow hitting a human body, I only think of Monty Python. Holy. When that guy takes the arrow. Yeah. Message what you saw very as he's dying. Very nice. There was one study though in 2019, a review of studies actually that found that MBSR can reduce severity of chronic pain or improve daily functioning and depression about like associated with that pain. Which is, you know, that's, there's something to be said for that. Like, I don't think it should only be looked at as some sort of hippie dippy thing. Like If you have real physical pain, it could possibly help.


Yes. And yeah, for sure. I mean think that that's kind of like one of the outcomes of it being exposed to Westernization is that it's being studied and it's actually holding up in studies And boy is it being exposed because yeah, If you work for a big corporation, If you especially work in Silicon Valley, chances are there are mindfulness retreats, maybe mindfulness rooms in the offices where they say, Hey, we know we work you to death and it's not fair. Why don't we set up this little room that used to be a room for, you know, for your kids to come to work. But we don't let that happen anymore.


Right. It used to be the nursery, but we'll put you in here and you can zen out and be cool. And here's one of the criticisms, as long as you come back and you get all that work done, we think it's a great tool for you. Right. Exactly. And not just corporations, but the military is using mindfulness schools, little kids are being taught mindfulness and to meditate prisons and there's, there's an enormous amount of like out, just out there in in the culture. It's, it's gotten really popular. I guess in 2012, just over 4% of Americans meditated five years later it was up to 14%. That's a pretty big increase in just five years.


And I would propose it's probably more than that now in 2022. So it's everywhere, but it's also really kind of lost its way I guess once it hit America and corporate America in particular. Mindfulness kind of got perverted, I think is a way you could put it. Yeah. I mean that critique is, is really valid. Like, it, it's great that a company might take mindfulness into consideration as something beneficial for their employees, but to ignore the root cause, which is you're working too many hours a week and you're overworked and you can't possibly get done what you should get done.


And that's where this anxiety is rooted. Here's a mindfulness room so you can help correct all that. Like it totally puts the onus on the employee to sort of self adjust to what's probably way too much work instead of saying, Hey, maybe people wouldn't be in this position to begin with if they, you know, didn't have to work 60 hours in a week. Right. And and the same thing goes for social movements as well. Like some people say, Hey, you know how like a lot of us are mentally ill these days. That's because society's screwed up. So rather than putting the onus again on the individual person, just kinda suck it up and deal with it in a mindful manner. Why don't we focus instead on these social problems that are causing all of these other social problems to so what we don't have to do that.


And those are really valid criticisms of westernized mindfulness in 20 2020s. And there's actually a term for it that a guy named Miles Neil coined and another guy named Ronald Purser wrote a book using that name, it's perfect. Mick Mindfulness. Yeah, I love that word. And they're basically saying like, Hey, you guys have so completely detached this from ethics and morals and religion and, and kind of co-opted something that had its roots there that yeah, you've, you've, there needs to be a term for that. You've m miced it. Yeah. You've Little Screwed it up. You've Mick screwed it up, Miffed it.


You've I like that. And that, You know, you can't ignore the theological roots. Right. And have it be the, the same thing And HR reps across the country say, oh yes we can. Yeah, Exactly. And look what happens. We're really screwing people up. So That's right. So there's a, there's a a co like a couple of quotes I found that I really feel like kind of get to the heart of what happened when mindfulness came over here and got got picked up by corporate America and the military and just other surprising groups and maybe put to not the best uses. Yeah. There's a really good New York Times article from back in 2015 that was kind of a meditation on the idea of mindfulness or the word mindfulness and what it, what it means by Virginia Heffernan.


And she says that what commercial mindfulness may have lost from the most rigorous Buddhist tenets that it replaced is the implication that suffering cannot be escaped but must be faced. And that's, that's that mis packaging, that mismarketing that we talked about. That the idea that If you meditate and you're mindful it's gonna free you from all your problems, make you less stressed and, and more productive and just happier. And that's not necessarily the case because we in the west tend to really like to, like you said, avoid all of the stuff that, that really stinks and just get as much of the stuff that we like. And that's not what that's meant for.


Yeah. This, I think it's from the same article about mindful fracking. Could that be next? Putting a neuroscience halo around a by word for both uppers productivity and downers relaxation to ensure a more compliant workforce in a more prosperous C-suite. Right? There it is. And there's another one too. The Dalai Lama apparently pointed out that even a suicide bomber would likely have to cultivate some sort of mindfulness. Yeah. That it's not, it's not inherently ethical. And if it's not inherently ethical, then that means that you could conceivably use it to nefarious ends. And the way that Buddhists for thousands of years kept it from being used to nefarious ends is by encasing it in wholesomeness like mindfulness.


Specifically what's called right mindfulness by the Buddhists, is it's a wholesome approach and separating wholesome thoughts from unwholesome thoughts. And If you just take the mindfulness practice out of that context, you have a a problem. You wanna read that quote from Andrew Olinsky? True Mindfulness is deeply and inextricably embedded in the notion of wholesomeness. Just as a tree removed from the forest is no longer a tree, but a piece of lumber. So also the carrying attentiveness of mindfulness extracted from its matrix of wholesome coing factors denigrates into mere attention. Yeah. That's just attention. That's the best you can hope for.


Is it just denigrates into mere attention and not something harmful, you know? So, yeah, I think it's great. I think it's a, I think it's wonderful that people want this and they're seeking it out, and they're trying it. I think the people who are selling it to everybody need to just package it more transparently and explain the true purpose of it, and stop using it for productivity. Agreed. If you want to know more about mindfulness, go, go research it and see if it's for you and give it a shot and go into it with right eyes, right vision. I can't remember, and since I said I can't remember, of course that means it's time for listener mail.


I'm gonna call this tribute to Ziggy Bombach from his son, Michael. We got a great email that, and I've been conversing with Michael for the past couple of weeks on this Good dude, and his dad was a good dude. Hey guys, longtime listener recently lost my father and had been going through a great deal of grief. My dad was at high risk for catching covid, so I made sure it was my priority to keep him safe. And since being social wasn't an option over the past couple of years, we turned to nature during the pandemic and rekindled our love for the Great Outdoors. Though he never had to rekindle his, he was born in Poland and immigrated to the States in the sixties and was only ever comfortable in his gardener in the woods.


He was a simple but passionate man. So we started driving out to Western North New Jersey to Stokes Forest to get spring water and go fishing. It's a gorgeous part of the state. It was about 50 minutes each way. Perfect. To introduce him to my favorite podcast Stuff You Should Know. Nice. Even though I had to describe to him what a podcast was, he was instantly enthralled and I could still hear him quietly asking in the car If Chuck and Josh were gonna be broadcasting today, It's just adorable like me. He adored your ability to convey something complex and tough information, such a sweet and conversational way. He would always come home and tell my mom what he had learned with so much isolation the past few years.


It was warming to hear him happy about all these new subjects that he was learning about. You gave him that happiness and made his life that much better over the last couple of years of his life. I can't thank you enough for everything that you continue to do. There's so much bad in this world right now, and people are hardly operating at their best, but you can continue to do something worthwhile and worth making, something worth learning. So thank you for making the life of Ziggy Bombach. A little brighter towards his end. And that is from Mike Man, and he sent me a picture of Ziggy and I read the obituary. I looked it up, and Ziggy seemed like a great, great guy. And I had to zen out to reading this so I wouldn't cry. Yeah. Like I've cried every time.


That's a really amazing email. Thank you so much that I did. It's impossible to not pass judgment on that one. I'm going to say I feel very proud, Chuck. That's right. In this case, great judgment and RIP. Ziggy sound like a great guy. Yep. RIP. Ziggy and thank you, Mike. I'm glad we could help bring you and your dad together. That's pretty amazing stuff. If you wanna be like Mike and get in touch with us and write us the email of the century, we are willing to read it. You can send it to us at stuff podcast@iheartradio.com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app.


Apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


At t Rowe Price, their experience helps them see investment potential differently. Instead of quick answers, they know that what really leads to confident investing is true curiosity. In other words, they love a good deep dive. It's what drives them to ask the questions that really matter in our ever-changing world. Like, can healthcare innovations create a healthier world? And how will intelligent systems be part of a new tomorrow? Their curiosity runs deep, and with it comes the power to help you invest more confidently, better questions, better outcomes. T Rowe Price. Learn more at t rowe price.com/curiosity.


I'm ready to fight. Oh, this is fighting worse. Okay, I'll put the hammer back. Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most banned book in America. Now, more than ever, we need to use our voices to fight back. Part of the power of black queer creativity is the fact that we got us, you know, We are the greatest culture makers in world history. Listen to fighting words on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast From.


The Producers who brought you Princess of South Beach comes a new podcast. The setup. The setup follows a lonely museum curator. But when the perfect man walks into his life, Well, I guess I'm saying I like you. You like Me. He actually is too good to be true. This Is a con. I'm conning you to get the Del Painting. We could do this together. Listen to the setup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.