
Residents at BrightView Senior, Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView, great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at w BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Hey, everyone homes.com knows having the right agent can make or break your home search. That's why they provide home shoppers with an agent directory that gives you a detailed look at each agent's experience, like the number of closed sales in a specific neighborhood, average price range and more. It lets you easily connect with all the agents in the area you're searching so you can find the right agent with the right experience, and ultimately the right home for you. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hi folks. Chuck here on a Saturday morning for me. Maybe Saturday afternoon. Maybe it's not Saturday at all in your world, who knows? But we released these curated Selects on Saturday. And here's my pick for this week, from January 21st, 2016. Timber How. Timber Works. Welcome To. Stuff You. Should Know. a production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark. There's Charles w Chuck Bryant. Jerry's over there with postnasal drip of some sort.


And that makes this Stuff You. Should Know. It makes this room the infection zone. Oh, Jerry, are you sick? No, She's not sick, are you? No. Good. She's Just snotty. That's fine. As long as she's not sick. are you sick? No, man. How are you feeling? Great. Good. Tired. are you? Yeah. Well, you're a dad. No, all dads are tired, aren't they? No. That has nothing to do with it. Oh Yeah. No. Why are you tired? Just didn't get enough sleep last night. Okay. But not because dad stuff. Okay, we'll leave it at that. Everyone Ask that for building a wall.


Let's back away from that question, shall we instead, Chuck, take my hand and let's wander off into the forest. This is pretty neat. I gotta say, I was excited about this because A, it's dense Like a forest. B, it's cool Like a forest. And C it provides a great canopy over our heads. It does a canopy of knowledge. Yeah. I reverse engineered that last one. Oh, you did? Yeah. I was like, Man, he is on a roll today. We're, we're gonna get a few, we're gonna get some stuff wrong on this one. I don't Know that that's correct. I feel like anytime we tackle something that's in any industry like this, the people in that industry are gonna have way better current information than we will.


So I think it's funny because I picked up on the same thing, not just with the industry, but also with the battle over. Yeah. Forestry rights. This is a minefield, my friend. It really is. Because I, I, this, this article was written a number of years back and is very friendly to the forestry industry. Yeah. It's not like extraordinarily conservation minded as far as I'm concerned. Yeah. Well I don't think, I don't think it had Slant. Just drop a bombshell. No, I don't think it had a slant. I saw it as pretty neutral. I don't know, man. Like, But here's how confused I was and we'll get to this later. But these initiatives and certification programs that we'll get to later, I, I didn't know like which one I should like and not like at the end I Can tell you well Save it.


Okay. All right. I'll be quiet because I need somebody to tell me what to like and not like. I can tell you Just save It. All right. I'm saving it. Alright, well let's talk about forests in general, Chuck. Yes. Well, let's talk about our country a little bit. The United States. Well, even More, let's talk about our continent. Okay. North America. That's right. When settlers came over here, there was a lot of trees. There were a lot of trees. Do you remember in our pigeon episode, like the idea that there were so many, what was it, passenger pigeons that that died off that were just driven to extinction because of humans? Yeah. I'm pretty sure it was patent pigeons. I can't Remember. I got confused in the episode about which pigeons Were rich.


Well it was a very confusing thing. Yeah. And they think that ultimately the pigeons had been managed by Native Americans who were wiped out by disease. So that when the first Europeans really came along, they saw tons of pigeons. Places overrun with pigeons. 'cause there was no one there to, to hunt anymore. Right. Yeah. Same thing with the forest. They think there was so much forest cover that it was because the Native Americans who had managed the forest right before had all died off. Right. Or largely died off. And then what we thought was just this crazy stretch of forest that had always been there. It was actually fairly new. Ah, but it's probably not the case. Well, at any rate, way back in the 16 hundreds, about 40% of land north of Mexico was trees.


Yeah. Not too bad. No, That's a lot of trees. And trees are great. 'cause they give us wood. I mean they led to, you know, pre-meal. It was all about wood. Yeah. You know, ships, buildings, houses, wagons. Well, William Harris, Who wrote this article Yeah. He makes the, the very smart point that we came and cut down trees and basically built a a new nation. Yeah. Certainly a new economy out of several new nations out of void. Definitely. For sure. Like literally out of void. If you're talking the world and planet earth, about 30% is forest land and Russian and Brazil lead the way because they have huge tracks of land.


Yeah. But as a continent, actually Europe is the most, they have the most forest of any continent. The most dense. I believe that they Have 1000 and 1 million, which is a little over a billion hectares. Hectares 0.4 acres. Right, sure. And the total number of acreage, if you're in the US of forest land throughout the world, 1.58 billion acres of forests. Is that the most broad definition of a forest? That includes everything. And that's in the us No, no, no. That's the world. 1.58 billion acres. Oh, okay. In, in the world. Gotcha. Yeah, because in the US there If, you If, you talk to a forester, they will say, everyone thinks that you see a bunch of trees and that's a forest.


But they would narrow down that definition to at least one acre Right. Of land, which has at least 10% tree cover. That's a pretty, that's a good definition for a forest. I'm on board with that. Well if you're talking that definition, then the US has about 750 million acres. 7 66 in Canada. Yep. And that's, that's forest my friend. Boom. We're done. Yeah. It was a minefield, but we navigated it. But this is about Timber and that's different than forest. It Is different than forest. So a forest is that definition that you just said, it's an acre of land with 10% tree cover. Right? Yep. Timberland is a type of forest land, but it has to have a certain amount of usable trees on it.


Or Timber. Yes. To make it Timberland. Right? Yes. I grew up in a forest actually, now that I think about it. Oh yeah. By that definition. Nice. What was it called? Well it's called Chuck's house. Chuck's house Forest. Yeah. I mean it was, I think we, I had, we had like an acre and a half and most of it was trees. So the more than 10%. Oh Yeah. Easy. So you had a dense forest. It was pretty dense. That's awesome. Yeah. Did you learn to climb trees out there? No, but I used to get poked fun at, 'cause it didn't grow up in a, in a neighborhood like most kids. It was just a street with like six houses in the forest. Who would make fun of you for that? What were they saying? Well, you know, it's cool to grow up in a neighborhood when in the eighties, Hey man, I grew up in a neighborhood in the eighties.


It wasn't that great. I Was jealous man, because everyone else would sneak out at night to then go to their friend's house. and there were swimming pools and tennis courts and community centers. And it was just like me and my brother in woods. but I, guess I can say that. I got older and everyone was like, dude, your house is awesome. You live out in the middle of the woods. Yeah. Well plus you were lucky to have your brother to hang out with. He's a great guy. True. Yeah. Good point. So, you know, I had a, a door that led out to the back porch when I was growing up. So like there's no sneaking out. I just opened the door and went out for my room to the Outside. Your parents were just like, go ahead, come, come and go as you please. No, I wasn't supposed to, but Right, right.


There wasn't a lot of sneaking involved. It was opening the door and quietly closing it. You didn't have to, I always wanted to shimmy up a drain pipe to my room. Have you Shimmying up Or down Down's A lot easier than up. I Could have shimmied when I was 10 or 12, though. Ain't, ain't no shimmying anymore. Were so people have sent in that guideposts cover. Is that you? No. Okay. It it, it's just some other kid in 1984 playing the trumpet. Yeah. I never played the trumpet and I never wore, I thought that blue blockers, sunglasses either. It doesn't look like you, but I was like, No. And it may not have been a four piece picture, but I think it was. Okay. Someone will find it. I hope So. Okay. So let's get back to Timberland, huh?


Yes. Timberland is a forest that's capable of growing something like 20 cubic feet of commercial wood per acre per year. That's right. That's It. And people estimate two thirds of our nation is forest land and 502 million acres of that is Timberland. Yeah. That's not bad. Not bad at all. No. So the key here though is, and this is where the big debate comes up, and we're not gonna get into it necessarily now, but the, the key is that yes, you can have a forest that is capable of growing 20 cubic feet of commercial grade lumber Timber a year, but you also want it to be able to regrow.


Yeah. Sustainable harvesting. Right. So what you're after is what's called the net annual increase. This article calls it a net annual gain. That's wrong. Yeah. It's a net annual increase, which means that the amount of stuff you're growing in a given year is more than what you're harvesting tree wise. What's the difference between a gain and an increase? I'm just saying the industry term. Oh, Gotcha. Yeah. I looked up net industry gain or Yeah, net annual gain. And they said you must be a city folk. Right. Idiot. It's increase. So the, you just basically, it's pretty simple. You just want to take less trees than you're growing in a particular year. Or that you have than you have in in reserve.


Yeah. And actually the United States is, has been in an annual gain for, for decades now. Yeah. Like it's a, it's a real concern. It's a cause for worry that we over over harvest trees. Well We used to man that We deforest but If, you look at the historical data. Yeah. We are growing more trees than we're taking every year. Yeah. I think the stat was since the 19, since 1920, we haven't made anything worse. Right. And Apparently and since the fifties we've gotten way better. I I think the Like four times as good. The seventies were like kind of bad. but I think that was like the the transition decade.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What this made me really appreciate were early conservationists. Yeah. Like Teddy Roosevelt. Yeah. Because post-Civil war and during pre civil war, even people just sort of took what they wanted and did what they wanted with the land. Yeah. There wasn't a lot of foresight. And so early conservationists were really fighting an uphill battle back then. I think so. I just have a lot of respect for them. I do. To say, you know what, I don't know if this is smart. What's gonna happen in a hundred years. It's like I know you need your log cabin jeed. What's mind boggling to me is that that debate still goes on. Yeah, that's true. you know, but not even just with Timber, with like climate in general. Oh yeah. Climate change, things like that.


Agreed. Alright. So If, you're a scientist. You're gonna classify forest usually by what kind of trees are there? For instance, a tropical rainforest. You're gonna have broadleaf evergreens, a boreal forest, you're gonna have needle leaf evergreens. Then there's the temperate forest, which is like what we have here in the southeast. Yeah. And and the US there are five major regions. Pacific Coast, Rocky Mountain, north South. And I love it. Alaska has its own region. Yes. Just 'cause it's, it deserves it. And there's a lot of trees up there. Yeah. And in fact there's been a little bit of a scandal recently as far as Alaska and trees go. Oh really? Yeah. are you gonna, is that a tease? It's a tease. Okay.


But we're gonna consider a couple of regions here and we're gonna mainly be talking about the United States 'cause that's where we live. Yeah. But there are trees everywhere. Yeah. And you can apply this to a lot of places, but east of the old Mississippi is the hardwood region and west is softwood and If. You're talking hardwood, you gums, Maples, Oaks, walnut. Very hardwood Walnut. Mahogany Is Maho Is mahogany in There? Actually now I think about it. I think Mahogany is a tropical rainforest tree. Is it? Yeah. I'm an idiot. All right. No you're Not. That's what I get for coming up with something on my own.


Softwoods. You're talking pine spruce hemlock Douglas fir Redwoods. Those are softwoods. Sure. And we're just getting started. There's a lot of information coming your way. Should we take a break here? Should We? I don't know. It sounded like you were working up toward that. That Was a break He set up, wasn't it? All right, let's take a break. We'll come back and we'll, we'll talk about why wood is good.


Hey everybody. Summer's the best time to run the way you want to. You can dial it up With new challenges and programs, you can bring your workouts with you to make the most of those beautiful outside sunny days. That's right. Because summer is the best time to push your pace, move how you want, enhance your fitness journey and feel like your most empowered self. and of course we're talking about Peloton. That's Right. Whether you're prepping for a marathon or improving your pace, whatever road lies ahead. Your training starts here with Peloton Tread or Tread Plus. That's right. I love Peloton. And the thing I love most are their great slate of instructors. They can take you to new heights. They can tap you into their expertly program workouts and realtime metrics, which is also great. Like pace targets. They can take your fitness journey to new heights. That's Right. Pelotons classes challenge you to be your best no matter what your experience level. So call yourself a runner with Peloton at one peloton.com/running. That's O-N-E-P-E-L-O-T-O n.com/running.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dulles Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Okay, picture this, it's Friday afternoon when a thought hits you, I can waste another weekend doing the same old whatever. Or I can conquer it. I can hop into my all new Hyundai Santa Fe and hit the road. Any road. The steeper the better because my all new Santa Fe is available with H Trek all wheel drive so I can hit the trail without a worry in the world. Heck, with three rows and best in class rear cargo space, I can pack the whole family in with all our gear. We've got available dual wireless charging for our phone. So we'll never lose touch with civilization. And. we won't lose touch with the primordial power of Mother Earth. So, which is it? Waste the weekend or do something a little more epic and conquer it in the all new Hyundai Santa Fe. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. Hyundai, there's joy in every journey.


Hey friends, if you've ever been in the market for a new home, you know, home shopping can be a lot. There's so much you don't know and so much you need to know. Like what are the neighborhoods like? What are the schools like? Who is the agent who knows the listing or neighborhood the best? And why can't all this information just be in one place? Yeah. Well now it is everybody on homes.com. They've got everything you need to know about the listing itself. But even better, they've got comprehensive neighborhood guides and detailed reports about local schools. And their agent directory helps you see the agent's current listings and sales history homes.com collaboration tools make it easier than ever to share all this information with your family. It's a whole cul-de-sac of home shopping information all at your fingertips. homes.com. We've done your homework.


All right. Wood is good 'cause you can use it for lots of stuff. Yep. Which we'll talk about. And I didn't realize this, that we've been using it for a very long time. Yeah. One at least one and a half million years. Right. Starting with fire and like clubs and Yeah. Did you realize that we'd harnessed fire that many years ago? I don't know if I ever really thought about it. It is a long time for people to be building fires a million and a half years ago. Yeah. That, that completely reshaped my ideas of hominids from 1.5 million years ago. What'd you think about 'em before? Not that they could create fire, they Were a bunch of cold dopes. A little bit maybe that they just kind of made do with what came their way rather than actually making fire, you know?


Yeah. Yeah. We Should do a podcast on the, the origins of fire. We did do one on fire. Yeah. but I don't think we covered like the first fires, did we? Or did we? Probably not. Yeah. I think I've since seen Quest for Fire, which we've talked about. Oh yeah. Good movie. I kind of wanna talk about my favorite part, but this is a family podcast so I won't Yeah, There's, it's pretty brutal in a lot of ways, isn't it? Yeah. Alright, so why is wood good? Like I said, you can make stuff out of it. Another big thing is a carbon sequestration, which is why you hear a lot of people battling clear cutting forest because carbon sequestration is great. It traps carbon.


So the buildup of CO2 is reduced. Yeah. As a matter of fact, trees account for 70% of the organic carbon locked in the earth. Yeah. That's why that canopy is, is important. Alright. They also provide habitats for all our animals and birds and insects And all the plants and good things. Yeah. That we love. And the hydro logic cycle. So a forest will help soak up rainfall and filter the water as it becomes groundwater. All very important stuff. Yeah. If, you like drinking water. You can thank trees for helping keep the soil in tip top shape to filter out all that nasty stuff.


Yeah. So yes, forests are extraordinarily important. Right. What Is good, But you also can make pretty good use of it too. Sure. Like if you're a clever primate like we humans are, you can not only use it for fire, which a lot of people still do around the world. Firewood is still a huge use of wood. Yeah. Of Timber around the World. Nothing beats a natural wood fire in a fireplace in your home. No, It's true. you know, but do you remember when we were, when we shot those toyota com, those Toyota videos that Carnegie Mellon. Oh yeah. And one of the innovation things was like a, a filter, like a easy, cheap portable filter for cooking fires.


Yeah. Indoor cooking fires. I remember that because that was a big problem. People were like make using wood fires to cook with but they were doing it indoors and like suffering all sorts of lung problems. Yeah. And that still happens in, you know, non industrialized nations. Yes. Is that what we call Things? It's the, it says it's the prim, it's the primary fuel for cooking and heating in developing countries. Right. Non industrialized. I think that's even better. Alright. So here in the US though, and in a lot of countries these days, only 7% of Timber is used for, I guess heating and cooking. Yeah. And there's a big push against even that 7% too.


Really? Yeah. It's just such a, I agree with you. I love that fire. The Fire, fire, fire is fireplace fire but it's wasteful. Yes. Okay. Well I don't have a working fireplace, so I just like them. You just like the idea of it. Well, I want one, but I have one of those old, you know, houses from the 1930s that it's expensive to get it retrofitted. Have you ever gotten an estimate on it? Yeah. I need chimney work. I need a bigger fire box. They said something like eight or 10 grand. The guy like tried to talk me out of it. Yeah. The the, the dude. I was like, you don't wanna make money. Yeah. Like I wanna fire. And he was like, I know it's pretty expensive. I wouldn't, I was like, all right. It's wasteful. So 7% goes toward that lumber, which we'll get to in a minute is about 53% in the US of Timber.


Yeah. And most of that goes to new house construction. It turns out. Oh really? That makes sense. Pulp and paper are 32% and then composites like plywood and veneer the other seven. Right. Although I think we're missing one percentage point, aren't we? Or are we? Mm. Yeah. Yeah. I wonder what that is. It's the mystery percent. The Mystery Percent. God knows what they're doing to that 1% of wood. Alright. So I said the word lumber and lumber isn't just cut wood. No. Just like Timberland isn't just forest. Yeah. Or no, forest isn't just Timberland.


Right. Lumber is actually a specific thing. It is wood that is squared or rectangular. Yeah. So when you go to the, the hardware store and you see all the two by fours and two by sixes and all that stuff. Right. That is lumber because it is square. If You If you point to a post, a round post and go gimme three of the lumbers. They'll say, boy where'd you come from? Yeah. You're wrong in a couple of points here. So that's called roundwood actually. Yeah. That doesn't, in that, that's not included in lumber. That's a little nitpicky. If you're outside the industry, I think Say I agree with, you know wholeheartedly. But If someone points that out then I don't know, punch 'em in the face with a two by four.


Right. That's not, that's not lumber. That's round wood. Remember hack saw Jim Duggan, didn't he attack people with a two by four And the wwf? I didn't watch a ton of wrestling. I'm pretty sure he had like a two by four. That makes sense. It's violent Construction. It's about a 50 50 split with lumber in the US About half goes to construction and about half goes to pallets, crates and furniture. Yeah. Dude. you know, I Didn't know it would be that High. I read an extraordinarily interesting article on the pallet trade. Oh I'm sure it's, There's like a whole cartel controlling pallets I bet that people rebel against Yeah.


And there's like pallet thieves and counterfeiters and Yeah. It like just, it's a really interesting art. I'll see if I can find it. I'll post it in the podcast page for this. Well Pallets you can, you can make a lot of cool things outta pallets And a lot of people are finding other uses so they think you can just go behind the grocery store and take them. Sure. So now a lot of places have big signs that are like, do not take these pallets. No. Especially if they're blue. Like that's stealing If they're blue pallets. Yeah. You, you can get the place where you stole 'em from. Sued. Yeah. That's the saying. If the pallet is blue, it's not for you Because you'll get sued. That's Right.


Furniture If. you make furniture, you're gonna like hardwood like oak and maple. Right. 'cause it's durable and it has that lovely grain and Mahogany That we all love so much. Right. But softwood is no slouch either. No, but pallets are used in hardwood too. 'cause it's sturdy. Right. But yeah, softwoods a different deal. No. And they usually use softwood for construction lumber too. Yeah. Because it contains fewer knots and things like that. And actually softwood is used chuck more for construction lumber because it, you can make it long and straight, which is, that's how you want your construction lumber long and straight. Nobody wants like kind of a topsy-turvy house.


Yeah. Maybe a crazy person, but most people don't. They want straight plum houses. Yeah. Although it's tough if you've ever done a home reno project to find straight lumber these days. Is That right? Yeah. You go in there and they're, they all seem like they're warped and bent and If. You're really? Yeah. And if you're a a amateur like me, it doesn't help you out any if your lumber's not straight. No. You want Straight lumber. Like I don't know how to make up for that. Like my buddy Isaac in Kansas to help me do my house. Right. He would go pick out stuff and I would say this is curved. He'd be like, I can account for that. Huh. but I can't. He's got like a special organ in his brain. Yeah. It's called smarts.


Construction. Carpentry smarts. Okay, so that's lumber, right? Yeah. You can also make paper out of wood. Yes. This might be the fact of the podcast. You ready for this? Yeah. Paper is made out of wood. Oh, I thought you had something else. No, you got me. Have we done one on paper before? 'cause this seemed awfully familiar. No, but I'll say this touched off like five different topics that we should cover. Okay. Paper being one of them. All Right. The origin of fire paper. Yeah. What else? Deforestation. Okay. And earnest. Yeah, we're gonna touch on it but, and then there's a couple more I think. Think. Okay. Pornography.


Just kidding. So let's talk about the cellular structure of wood. 'cause it's very important. Well especially when you're talking about paper. Yeah. Like that was not just a non-sequitur. It actually makes sense. Exactly. So trees, yeah. Like everything else are made of cells. Correct. That's Right. And when you take enough of these cells and stack 'em together, you can create something as strong and tall and rigid as a tree. Yeah. But it takes a certain kind of cell to make a tree. Yeah. The the cells If, you think of the walls of the cells, they make the tree strong and there are a couple of chemicals that make up these walls. Cellulose and lignin and cellulose is flexible and bendy and lignin says, no, no I'm your glue cellulose.


I'm gonna keep you more rigid 'cause I don't want you to bend. Right. So they work together. Yeah. To Make it whether cellulose likes it or not. Yeah. I always wondered about that. It has to go along with it. It's Like I wanted to bend, lignin, get outta my face. Right. Lignins like no, no coloring outside the lines. So If, you separate those things, which we've been doing for a long time now you can get those cellulose fibers and actually make something called pulp, which will eventually make paper. Right. And you can form it into a mat press and dry it and bleach it and turn it into paper. Like you said, you can also make other stuff too. Technically Fiberboard, you know the stuff that they use to put on the backs of dressers and things these days.


Crud. Yeah. That's actually made from paper pulp. Yeah. M wood pulp. I should say if you're, if you're at another hardware store and some guy that works there, lady says what you want to use is MDF. What's That? Medium density fiberboard. Okay. And that way they won't think you're a city folk. All right. You can just say, yeah MDF. Sure. Totally. And then they'll know you're city folk. I'll be like, give me three of those MDFs. And then you have hardboard and that's even stronger than fiberboard. And it's just, I think it's harder because it's pressed together with so much pressure. It's more dense. Yeah. A fiberboard is pulp and glue pressed.


Pressed together. Hardboard is the same thing, but pressed together, like you said, under pressure and then completely different actually. Although it does seem like it would bear a pretty striking resemblance is particle board, right? Yes. These are composites, plywood and particle board are both composites. Right. But they are different. The difference between MDF and particle board is MDF is, well particle board is cheaper and it's made out of saw dust. Whereas the MDF is is made of actual fiber Right. Outta Pulp. Yeah. Does that make sense? Yeah. Like Chuck, you realize that Stuff, You, Should, Know has hit such a stride and we're talking about particle board.


It just hit Me plywood is when you take If, you look at plywood and on the side of it you'll see that it's a lot of little veneers pressed together. Yeah. That's what They're called. Yeah. Veneers. Veneers, Plywoods. Great. But If, you really want something that's just as tough, just as durable but cheaper. You're gonna go for the oriented strand board, OSB baby, Which is basically like plywood made out of particle board. Yeah. And it's, it's all but replaced plywood and construction these days. Home construction because it's cheaper. It is stronger and more durable. And I was wondering why it was stronger and it's because it comes from, it's right there in the name.


It's oriented, the specific orientation of the wood strands makes, makes it stronger. Oh okay. I got you. So it's not just haphazardly tossed together and pressed, I Guess by God Specifically oriented. Right. Invented 1963 and these by Man. Yeah. In California I think actually. Nice. Yeah. So your OSB If, you go into your hardware store and they'll say you either want MDF or OSB. Say, I know what I'm talking about. So don't try and don't try and trick me. Right. I didn't just fall off of the turnip truck Of the lumber truck. Right. Alright. Where are we now? Are we harvesting it? Yeah. So to get to this point, to get to all this wonderful products of lumber Timber.


Sorry man. I have a lot of trouble. Not confusing lumber with Timber. That's right. But lumber is Timber. Timber is not necessarily lumber. Right. That's what I was taught as a young boy. So when you harvest Timber, there's a couple of approaches, right. And well there's several approaches, but they really fall under two umbrellas. One is the take everything to hell with ecology approach called clear cutting. Yes. That is all these trees can make some money. Ergo, I'm going to cut down all these trees. Yeah. Typically over five acres is a clear cut. Yes. Anything under that is called a patch cut. Okay. Although people disagree on that definition too. But the suggestion is that is under five acres an area that small could recover being effectively clear cut.


I'm not sure it has to do with recovery. Oh, it has to do with the amount of money made. I dunno. I'm not sure. All right. Well with clear cutting you just go in and you cut down everything. It's, it's pretty straightforward really. It takes slightly more thought to come up with a good, what's called a silviculture approach. Silviculture takes into account the idea that you want that area that you cut down to grow back to renew. So that again, you hit that net annual increase rather than decrease. Right. To where the amount of trees you have in stock or growing in a particular year is actually more than the amount of trees you harvest that same year.


Right. To do that, you have to be selective. You have to be smart in the number amount and type of trees you cut down at during any given tree cut. Yeah. With clear cutting. When you hear that, you would just think like, why would anyone argue that that's a good idea? Yeah. But people do. It's very controversial if you're in the the Timber Timber industry. Yeah. Forestry industry. Forestry industry. You can say you will think in good confidence that you can say that clear cutting is fine If, you do it the right way. I I I don't get that. Yeah. They said that there are seven conditions that If you meet them then it's actually better.


That sounds like propaganda. Do you want me to read the seven Conditions? Yes I do. Because I'm Interested when regenerating tree species that need full sunlight to stimulate seed sprouting and seedling growth when dealing with sparse or exposed shallow rooted trees that are in danger of being damaged by wind when trying to produce an even age stand and a stand I found as a group of trees that are the same species age and condition that you can manage as a unit that's a stand of trees. Okay. When regenerating stands of tree species that are dependent on wind blown seed, root suckers or cones that need fire to drop seed when faced with salvaging over mature stands or stands killed by insects disease or fire when converting to another tree species by planting or seeding.


And finally to provide habitat for wildlife species that require edge, new ground and high density. Even age stands. I couldn't make sense out of any of that. Well one of it really stuck out to me and it was that it it for when you're cutting down an entire area that's been hit by pests or disease, that one makes sense to me. Especially if you're trying to contain an epidemic. Yeah, sure. Clear cut. That makes sense. Everything else, I mean there were some, there's some logic to it at least. It's not just total madness. Yeah. Opponents to clear cutting will say it increases soil erosion, water degradation increases silt in streams and rivers.


Aesthetics is the main reason that most people are opposed to it. Yeah. Or that many people are. Sure. Is that it just looks like a wasteland. Right. Well the problem is also with clear cutting. It sets the stage for invasive species of say like fast growing weeds to overcome seedlings. Yeah. And it, it keeps the forest from regenerating. Yeah. So therefore clear cutting. Most people, I guess except for the people who came up with those seven conditions tend to believe that is, it's an unsustainable method of harvesting Timber. Right. A more sustainable method is shelter wood cutting. That's a type of Silva culture.


Yeah. And that's when they use partial cuttings over time, we're talking over 10 or 20 years, only two to four harvests where things can naturally regenerate during that timeframe. Right. That sounds like a good idea. It is. There's also seed tree cut, sea seed tree harvesting and then selection harvesting, which is where you basically go in and say this tree, that tree, that tree, Yeah. For that are more marketable. But opponents or proponents of clear cutting say that's worse. I don't know why though. I could see, I can see what they're saying. I mean like think about it like you're artificially maybe all the good trees artificially selecting. Yeah. Yeah. And you're, you're disrupting the balance or the ecology of the forest by saying just these great oaks leave all these other crummy elms.


Yeah. But the thing is, is you're also affecting the ecology by cutting down everything. Yeah. The ecosystem. I would like to hear from someone that really knows their stuff that is a proponent of clear cutting to explain it better to me. Yeah. Okay. Than the internet did. Please do. Alright. So when you do what, when you do use any kinda silva cultural technique and you're not just clear cutting, you have to go through the the forest and figure out what trees you're gonna take. A lot of times and even with clear cutting, they will leave trees that are say six inches in diameter. Yeah. Or less in size. They're too young. It's like how you leave fawns when you're deer hunting.


Yeah. It's the exact same thing. I love the name of that process when determining and surveying the land to work it all out. It's called cruising. I'm gonna go cruise the forest. Right. Everybody you know, drives around the forest with the pack of cigarettes rolled up in their shirt sleeves. Next comes felling and I got confused with tree felling in the correct way. So I put a little post on Facebook and I had a guy named Gabriel Friley who worked at as a forest service fire and fuel management dude. And he said, I've cut hundreds if not thousands of trees. So you wanna hear what he says?


Yeah. Because we would screw it up. I guarantee it. Okay. are you about to say that you know better than this guy? I don't know better than this guy, but this, this article was definitely wrong from everything I found. Yeah, that's exactly why I asked. He said terminology changes depending on where you are and who you're talking to. There are a number of different ways to do so. But the safest and most common is to cut a wedge out of a tree. Measure about a third of the diameter of the measuring about a third of the diameter of the tree in the direction you want the tree to fall, then you That's where I would just stop. Yeah. My brain just shut down. Yeah. Then you cutting this wedge will require two cuts, a flat cut and then a sloping cut that meets the flat cut and frees the wedge.


The combination of these two cuts is commonly called the face cut. Okay. So then the, that is on the side of the tree in the direction it's gonna fall. Correct. And it's like a triangle. Yes. With one one. The bottom cut is 90 degrees. The top cut is 45 degrees. I Think so. Okay. The co, the wedge acts as a hinge. So the tree falls in a safe controlled manner. Then there's the third cut most commonly called the back cut. Okay. Which is a straight cut in the opposite side of the tree. About halfway through the diameter of the tree, maybe a little more. And that's about two inches above the bottom cut on the other side. Okay. From what I saw.


And he said ideally you want to leave 20% of the diameter of the tree intact between the back cut and the wedge. And that's called holding wood. And I think he said holding wood is just what it sounds like. It holds a tree together to make like it's not coming down on your head. Basically it holds it together till you're ready. And he said, If, you've done these two correctly. Three actually, you should be able to simply push the tree over with your hands. Wow. Or drive a wedge into the back to bring the tree down. I'll bet that's pretty awesome to push a huge tree down with your Hands. Thank And Yale Timber. Yeah. So thank you to Gabriel. Gabriel Fli. Yeah, thanks Gabriel. And for firefighting forest fires. Yeah. That's pretty neat. Or starting them.


Oh come on. No, the forestry service does control burns. Oh yeah. I thought you meant like, 'cause there have been cases where they've found arson and it and it was actually a fireman Or his mother a firefighter. Do you remember that? No. There was a a dude who was a wildfire firefighter who was not getting enough work because There weren't many wildfires. Oh, I think that's what I was thinking. Was it the mom? The mom went and set a fire so that her son could make some money. God bless Her. Not really. But you know the mom that just wants to like take care of business for her son. Right. That's nice. So Chuck, you've gone through, you've cut a bunch of trees. Yep. The first thing the loggers do is they hop all over the trees and go pip, pip, pip pip.


And they cut all the la the limbs off. Yes. Right. That's called bucking. Yep. And then once you've got the tree bucked, you cut it into huge logs. Yep. From top to bottom. And then you tie the logs up or you chain 'em to a tractor and you skid them along a skidding trail. That's right. To what's called the landing area. All right. And they pre-plan these skidding trails. Yeah. This is very important. It's not just willy-nilly because they are trying to protect the forest at the same time. Yeah. Because If you have a bunch of tractors driving out with lots and lots of heavy logs. Yeah. Heavy, heavy logs. Yeah. Attached to them. You're going to compact the soil.


Like This was a tree 10 minutes ago. Right now it's a log. Yes. Huge logs. And so if you're gonna compact some area of soil, you might as well just compact the same area of soil rather than a bunch of areas of soil. Yeah. So that the rest of the forests can stay healthy. And when you get to the landing area, these logs are gonna be basically graded and sorted. And some of them are either going to be sent straight to the pulp mills Yep. To be created into paper. Those are Creditor logs generally. Right. Or fiberboard or something like that. And then others may be sent and the higher grade stuff will probably be sent to sawmills. Right. Or concentration yards. Right.


Which are basically the second stage of these landing areas where these people say, we're gonna put all these, this specific species of trees over here. Yeah. Because this one sawmill likes only oaks, so we're gonna send them their oaks. Right. So either the landing area goes directly to sawmill or there's that extra step of the concentration yard in there. Yeah. And if this sounds dangerous. Yeah, it is. And depending on what year you're looking at logging is either the one or two aside from commercial fishing, most dangerous job in the United States at least. Either way you can find documentary television shows about these professions.


Yeah. You can on discovery channel. That's right. And Check your local listings And other channels. This past year, I think it was commercial fishing airline pilot was number three. I find that very unnerving. Yeah. Right. Yeah, that's what I thought. I was like, I thought planes didn't crash much. What's up with that? I Don't know. Well, my fear of flying just came back. Farmers and ranchers are four. In case you're wondering mining machine operator then roofers sanitation collectors, which I thought was interesting. Are you sure it's not like military jet pilot? Dude soldier wasn't even listed in the top 10. An airline pilot. But like I said, I think they go by deaths in that previous year.


I Don't care. So it probably depends on if we're at war or you know. Okay. But airline pilot was still in there. Yeah, It was dude. And then truckers and industrial machinists, Especially ice road truckers Probably. Yeah. For Real. I'm sure among truckers that they probably have the higher mortality rate. Well you were shilling for discovery. I think that was on history. Oh, okay. You're shilling more for discovery now than when they owned us. Which is weird. It is weird. What do you think podcaster? Is Podcaster pretty cushy? Unless apparently you're on a commercial airliner, Like a one in 10 million chance of death. Yes. If you're a podcaster idea, an on the job death.


I'm really, you know, we could figure that out if we knew what math was. I don't, I could, I'm trying to think if like how we would die from doing this flying somewhere to do a live podcast probably. Right. I would say if somebody locked the door and Jerry started a fire in here Right Then we could probably die from podcast. Or actually in our case, it would be if Jerry finally snaps and just murders us both. I don't know. I think we could fend Jerry off. So Chuck, once the stuff hits the saw mill, we'll go there. We already kind of hit the pulp mill. Yeah. Which stink by the way. One of the fallous smells on earth is Paper make Are those? Yeah. Are those like the, can I just say egg fart?


No way worse than that. Oh, I thought it was like that real sulfur smell. No, that's Well watered down in Florida. Okay. This is like, it's its own smell. All right. You've surely smelled it before You ever been to a chicken farm. That's a, okay. You're right. That's, that's not funny either. That might be the worst smell of all. Didn't you used to work on chicken farms doing software or something? Yeah. Not on farms. Oh, okay. But, But other people in our company would go to the farms and like teach them how to use the software that Smells so bad. Which Is imagine that job going teaching these people that had been like literally counting chicken heads for their entire life. Teach 'em how to use the computer to do it. Yeah. They were not receptive many times. Talk about hunting and pecking.


Yeah. There was a lot of hunting and pecking. So at the, at the sawmill, right? Yeah. When you're cutting up, well when you're, when you get a bunch of logs, you're like, these are some good logs. Yeah. but I can't do much with this bark. It can use mulch, that kind of thing. Sure. And actually bark, I didn't realize this bark represents basically one of two organs of the tree. Yeah. There's actually three. Should we talk about the inside of a tree? A Little bit? Yeah. I thought this was interesting. Yeah, Me too. So, so the bark is the phem, it's the sugar conducting cells phem phem and, and basically it just provides energy. It transfers energy throughout the tree.


Yeah. It's like the internal piping part of it is the flow. Yeah. And, and there's that one Bugs Bunny song. It, it makes like, you know that Bugs Bunny assembly line song? Oh yeah. That I can never remember the totally powerhouse power or something. Yeah. Yeah. So that's the sound that that makes If you listen very carefully in a forest. True. There's another set of internal piping, the tissue called the xylem and they carry the xylem carries the water up and down the tree. Right. And they're well suited to do so because they are like pipes. They are shaped like piping. Right. So the fum Phem That's bark.


Yeah. The xylem, that's the wood inside. And in between the two you have a thin layer that's basically stem cells. It's called the cambium. Yes. And the cambium produces phem and xylem cells and it produces xylem cells inward. Right. Yeah. So the stuff, the part of the tree that's closest to the bark is also the youngest. Yeah. The Harwood. No, that's The inside that's in the center. The, the deep. Yeah. That's the sapwood further inside. Deeper into the tree. That's the older Xylem. And that's the Harwood. It's just the oldest part of the tree. Yes. And you, when the A log gets to the saw mill, they're going to basically separate those two things because there's different uses for Sapwood and for Harwood.


But the first thing they're gonna do is get rid of the bark. Yeah. They put it in a debarking drum and it's kinda like a nightclub. It just kind of, everything rubs together. Yeah. They put a several different logs in and let the logs rub their own bark off of one another. Yeah. They put on little music. It's pretty horrific. If, you think of it maybe a foam machine, Like you're a tree And all of a sudden you have a naked tree. Right. you know, Strip the skin right off of It. Then that bark can become a mulch. And what else? Oh, f fuel. Fuel Pretty much it. Okay. Decorative mulch and fuel. But the, once you've got that naked log, you're all set. So you want to cut the, the sapwood from the Harwood because the, the Harwood is extraordinarily strong and you use it for posts and timbers and beams and things like that that you really are gonna put a a lot of weight on.


Yeah. Flooring sometimes, Right? Sometimes. And actually there's another article I read once about this, like this commercial diving company down in like Central Florida. Yeah. That their whole job was, they would go down in the swamp and like raise old cypress logs. Oh yeah. From the 19th century that have just been down there since then. Yeah. And they sell 'em as like reclaimed original like heart of Cyprus for flooring. People pay mind boggling amounts for Oh I'm sure. 'cause this, this log was fel you know, a hundred something years ago. Yeah. And it just sank. It happened to be one of the ones that sank and they couldn't do anything with it.


Back then there were so many Cyprus trees that they just didn't even bother with those. So now these guys go down and dive and identify 'em and raise 'em up and then sell 'em. That junk is heavy. Yeah. And actually that perfect time to mention my buddy Jason from Dam Caster guitars. He built me a custom Telecaster replica and they use old wood from a dam in Georgia that had been underwater for like a hundred years. That's really cool. And this thing is, it's the heaviest guitar. It's beautiful. But it's tough on my back. Is it? Yeah. Is it worth it though? Yeah, man, it's, I mean it's gorgeous and the wood they get is really just heavy and dense and gorgeous wood.


And they got this big load of it from a dam that they tore down in, I think Columbus, Georgia. And so they've got all this wood now that they're making these sweet guitars out of. Would you name your guitar? I haven't named it. I don't really name my guitars. Although he wanted me to. Yeah, You gotta name your guitar. I don't, I got four guitars. They're one through four. No, you should name one Joni and one Chachi at least. Alright. And one, we can Always keep 'em right next to each other. And one Fonzi and one Ralph Mouth. Now who was Fonzie's Leather? Leather Tuscadero. Yeah. Pinky Tuscadero. Well They were sisters. So was Pinky the younger sister? I think Leather was the one that looked like Joan Jet. And Pinky was the one that looked like a, a bombshell model.


Like had the, you know, the pink sweaters and the, the big poofy hair. So he, which one did he date? I think he dated Pinky. Okay. Leather. She, she didn't need guys. She was, she was a rock and Roller. I think I remember who you're talking about. Yeah, she was, I don't remember Pinky Tuscadero. I definitely remember Leather Tuscadero. Yeah. Man, whoever wrote that show is a genius, right? Yeah. Well what they're doing is they're satisfying everyone. They're like, you like the ladies rough and tumble or you like 'em dressed up in pink with like poofy hair. Right. Do you like 'em with an Italian name? Right. Where are we? Have we debarked, We're in like 1950s Milwaukee, right? Yes. We have Debarked to answer your question.


Okay. So we've debarked, you got a naked log. If it's gonna be paper, it's gonna go to a chipper, which cuts the log into little, little squares about two inches by a quarter of an inch thick. And they're gonna mix those chips up with chemicals and stuff. They're going to put it in a digester. It's a big pressure cooker. And that is what separates that cellulose from the lignin that we talked about earlier. Right. To get your pulp. Yeah. Just wanna get that lignin out of there. Yeah. And it's wet, it's fibrous. They bleach it to the proper shade, mix it with water again, form it into big mats and then press 'em under these incredible rollers to press out all that water.


Right. And then there you go. You've got what will be paper. Right. And if you're making lumber, you send your, your log to the Scooby-Doo head rig is what it's called. Yeah. Man, those things are awesome. The thing that people are always tied on going toward. Oh yeah. Sort Of. Right. And it just cuts the log in half or it cuts the edges off and maybe like just cuts out the heart. Yeah. Just sort of roughs it out. Right. And then you have a couple of other types of saws. There's a trimmer that squares the ends and before that you have an edger which creates the, well the edges Yeah. For your lumber. Yeah. And.


then of course there's a whole other process involved in making roundwood AKA posts which are not lumber. Evidently your heartwood is gonna be older obviously. 'cause you know how you can tell a tree by the rings, those inner rings that we talked about. Right. The xylem. Right. And as the cambium is creating more xylem cells, they're going on the outside of the heartwood. Yeah. And the tree is growing outward And there there's gonna be more knots in that heartwood too from which is, so it's the branches passed, It's sturdier. But a lot of people would also be like, I don't wanna see knots. So they're not gonna use it for things Like Yeah. Or I do wanna see knots. Yeah. Depending on what you're doing.


Sickos Like a good knot in the right place. For instance, my guitar has a beautiful knot in the center of the back that's just gorgeous Joni. Now that I would call this one pinky tuscadero I think. Okay, so that's Pinky tuscadero Or no, maybe Leather Tuscadero. Leather Tuscadero. Yeah. But I actually looked up knots. I was like, wait, what is a knot? Not even thinking. Well of course it's just a former branch. Oh, I didn't think about that either. Yeah. It's either a branch base or a A branch bud. That never happened. Huh? Do you know, not only did I not think that that's what a knot was, I didn't even think think what a knot was. Yeah. Alright. And the last part of that process is you gotta dry the stuff out.


So you stack it up, sort it out and you dry it in a kiln. Correct. Yeah. Alright. So just like you made something out of clay. Should we take a break? Yeah, Let's take a break man. And then we'll take it home.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services. Who various daily programs and cultural events, chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Okay, picture this, it's Friday afternoon when a thought hits you, I can waste another weekend doing the same old whatever, or I can conquer it. I can hop into my all new Hyundai Santa Fe and hit the road. Any road. The steeper the better because my all new Santa Fe is available with H Trek all wheel drive so I can hit the trail without a worry in the world. Heck, with three rows in best in class rear cargo space, I can pack the whole family in with all our gear. We've got available dual wireless charging for our phone. So we'll never lose touch with civilization And. we won't lose touch with the primordial power of Mother Earth. So, which is it? Waste the weekend or do something a little more epic and conquer it in the all new Hyundai Santa Fe. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. Hyundai, there's joy in every journey.


Hey, friends, if you've ever been in the market for a new home, you know, home shopping can be a lot. There's so much you don't know and so much you need to know, like, what are the neighborhoods like? What are the schools like? Who is the agent who knows the listing or neighborhood the best? And why can't all this information just be in one place? Yeah, Well, now it is Everybody on homes.com. They've got everything you need to know about the listing itself. But even better, they've got comprehensive neighborhood guides and detailed reports about local schools. And their agent directory helps you see the agent's current listings and sales history homes.com collaboration tools make it easier than ever to share all this information with your family. It's a whole cul-de-sac of home shopping information all at your fingertips. homes.com. We've done your homework.


The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the south's newest foodie haven with over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


So Chuck, you kinda mentioned like early conservation folks that you were in awe of John Muir. Teddy Roosevelt. Yeah. John Muir was cool weirdo. Yeah. And these people, they reacted to this rampant deforestation that was going on. Like there was a significant amount of logging that happened between the 17th century and the mid 19th century. Right? Yeah. Up to 30% of the original forest land by the end of the Civil War was gone. Yeah. And we're talking about a billion acres. Wow. That was originally there. So 30% of that gone. Right. Unbelievable. And there was what was called a, they were worried that there was going to be a quote, national famine of wood.


Yeah. And it wasn't just conservation at the time. Like plastics had not been developed. Sure. Cheap, easy metal alloys weren't developed until say, the mid 20th century. Right? Yeah. So used wood. Yeah. We really used wood a lot. Yeah. And for also for fuel, for cooking, for heating, all that stuff. Sure. We needed wood, so it was gonna be a big deal if we ran out of wood. And as a result, a lot of people got behind these conservation efforts, and especially the government here in the United States. Yeah. All government levels own forest land. But for the most part, the federal government owns the most. Yes. And they don't just protect it and say this is off limits.


They say you guys can come and pay for the right to cut down some trees from here, but you're, you're going to follow our rules. Yeah. 323 million acres of federally owned land in this country is public forest land. Yeah. So either like national forest or I guess to be used by the logging industry, If, you meet the right conditions, I guess. Yeah. But I think even national forests fall under the, that that umbrella as Well. Yeah. I didn't mean there Yeah. That they were not the same. What what does happen sometimes is say an animal will be placed, an animal that calls forest land or Timberland, its home will be placed on the endangered list.


And as a result of that, the forest industry will just completely shift. And that was the case with the Mexican spotted owl in the nineties. Yeah. What, what happened to that guy? So the Mexican spotted owl was on its way to becoming extinct. Yeah. And it made its home in the west, the western softwood temperate forests. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And the US government decided that this was enough of a problem that they put it on the endangered species list and protected it. And that meant that its habitat was protected, which meant that all of this public land, that all these logging companies used to go and log on Yeah. They couldn't log there anymore. A lot of They did not like that Decision.


No, they didn't. It was enormous. Yeah. And you know that a federal agency is, is doing its job when it's being sued by conservationists and logging companies. Right? Yeah. At the same time over the same thing. Sure. So, or else they're not doing their job at all. Right. Depending on how you look at it. But eventually the Mexican spotted owl was protected. Its habitat was protected. And so the, the forestry, the Timber industry shifted eastward. Yeah. And so they, they the, there was a shift not just in direction on the continent, but also in where they were taking Timber from. Right. So now more Timber is taken from privately held lands in the east than public held lands in the west because of the Mexican, because of this one type of owl.


Right. Completely changed the, the complexion of the Timber industry in the United States. Wow. But the Timber industry is doing just fine. Yeah. you know, and it's a real, it's a real testimony that like they, it can adapt. Yeah. you know, you ever see the, the Mexican spotted owl can adapt, but the Timber industry can, apparently You ever see owls in Atlanta? Yeah, I have before. Boy, they're amazing. I love Owls. Gorgeous in that wingspan. It's like, it's remarkable. Yeah. When you see one fly Yes. It's like, whoa. That looks, that's bigger than most birds. Yeah. Have you ever had one like perch outside of your window while you're trying to sleep? Yeah. Well I've got, we have one that lives behind our house. Does it keep you up? No. We've seen it a couple of times.


And, we hear it a lot. Which I, I love it doesn't like wake me up or anything. Oh, we had one that was keeping us awake. Really? You shoot it? No, No. It just went out and shine a flashlight in its general direction. Yeah. And it piped down. Never heard from it again. Oh wow. So he got the message. Gotcha. And. we were owl list after that. He's like that guy with the flashlight. He's bad news. Getting outta here. He Needs business. Alright. So the, the federal government owns a lot of land, which is managed, managed, managed by some different bodies. But it's, you know, they try and do their best job with things like the Healthy Forest Restoration Act signed in two th thousand three by GW Bush.


Right. To help protect forest land. So, Chuck, It's about here though that like, this is when I was like, I feel like we're really wading into unexplained territory. A dark forest. Yeah. There's a lot of like, I suspect a lot of greenwashing going on and so I started poking around. Yeah. And I've, I've found that the Sustainable Forestry Initiative is very frequently accused of greenwashing The SFI. Yeah. So you know how like, like fair trade, like you'll look for a fair trade label and you'll be like, I'm gonna pay a little more for this because I believe that the people who made it were paid a better wage than, you know, this competitor that wasn't fair trade.


That's what the Sustainable Forestry Initiative seal of approval was meant for. Okay. That you could look for it on like a ream of paper or something and say, oh well this thing was, this paper was harvested using say shelter cutting techniques or some sort ofs cultural techniques. Yeah. That, that promote sustainable forestry. Okay. The thing is, is there's some other group say like Forest Ethics is a non-profit kinda watchdog group that has come out and really aggressively said that the, the Sustainable Forestry Initiative is basically just a greenwashing front operation. Really? That's funded by paper companies By, it was International Paper International.


A big one paper. Yeah. There were a couple of others that I think WEYERHAUSER was one maybe that that fund this, this approval company or organization. So is It bs From what I can tell, really? It looks that way and yeah, it's, it, yeah. It's very disconcerting. Fortunately there are some that do appear to be utterly legitimate and the chief among them is the Forest Stewardship Council. Okay. They do the same thing, but they're the real deal. So This article you sent me that there are a lot of major brands dumping the SFII saw that and I was like, well that's terrible, but they're moving to the better standard.


Is that correct? That's The impression I have. Okay. That makes sense now. Yeah. Rather than bearing the SFI seal of approval like or buying paper that bears that seal of approval because it's not even necessarily the paper companies that are doing this because they're the ones funding the sfi. Right. It's like Office Depot is no longer buying SFI sourced paper. Okay. I, I'm guessing they're probably going with the FSC, the Forest Stewardship Council. So Hewlett Packard, at and t, Pitney Bowls, Allstate, They buy a lot of Paper shouting them out. Right. 'cause they're doing the right thing, it sounds like. Yeah, that makes more sense. I was confused. I thought they were dropping the SFI, which was a good thing.


But yeah, this is all clear now. Right. Thank you. Hey, don't thank me. Thank Forest Ethics who apparently routinely get ceased and then desist letters from paper companies and the forest or the, I'm sure Sustainable forestry initiative. And then Chuck the, the Forest Service itself is often criticized for being in bed with the Timber industry. I'm sure There, that Alaska thing I was teasing earlier. Oh Yeah. What is it? There is something called the big Thorn Timber sale. 6,000 acres. 6,200 acres of 700 year old forest. Oh.


In the tongass in southern Alaska. Up for sale for clear cutting. Wow. Clear cutting. And the the problem is, is like that's An old growth forest Yes. it is. That's exactly right. The problem is, is not just that people are worried that the forest won't recover, but that this forest is also used by other industries like fishing industry. Right. Tourism industry. Yeah. These people are like, we're using this acreage can't just come, come in and cut it down. Right. Here's a couple of lawsuits to stop that sale. And I guess a federal judge in 2015, I think March ruled. Nope, go ahead. You're well within your rights Wow. May be disgusting, but go ahead and sell 6,200 acres of old growth forest in Alaska for clear cutting With the presumption that it, it will go to a logging company.


Yes. You gonna be great. As if like, oh, I don't know. Warren Buffet bought it. Right. Said I'm gonna build a small house in the middle of it and that's it. That guy Should wear a cape. So deforestation is a thing. And I agree with you. We should definitely do an episode just on that. Right. Yeah. But that's not the only threat to the, the forests of the world. No. And it is a serious threat. Sure. But manmade threats are not the only threats. No. There's a few more natural threats. Insects of course. Specifically invasive species like the Eurasian gypsy moth came here in the 19th century and when it's a caterpillar, it eats the leaves of hardwood trees.


Yes. Like a lot of them. Yeah. To the tune of since 1930, defoliated more than 80 million acres. That is so many trees Of east coast forest. Yeah. 80 million Acres Just on the East coast. This Little caterpillar. Yep. So that's an insect disease is a problem. I know here in Georgia we've sudden oak death is a big problem. Yeah. And since it was originated in 19, or I guess found in 19 55, 95 discovered, what'd I say? 55. Oh a full 40 years after that. 95. Yeah. I remember when this happened. It was probably Clinton's fault. It was Clinton's fault since then.


It's killed more than 1 million oak trees. Yeah. That's no gypsy moth. But that's a lot. No. And then lastly, invasive species are a real problem. Kudzu, that was the other one I wanna do. Yeah. Oh, you wanna do one on kudzu? Heck yeah. So kudzu is a great example of a Yeah. An invasive species. It's a non-native fast-growing vine that in, I think it's native Japan has plenty of natural predators that like to eat it. Sure. Right here in the United States. In the southeastern United States where it was given as a gift by Japanese businessmen in the thirties. Yeah. It doesn't have any natural predators and it just grows like crazy. Oh yeah.


And the problem is, is it grows up and over trees and creates its own, it uses the tree structure and then creates its own canopy around it. Amazing. It basically creates a Dyson sphere. Yeah. Around a tree. Yeah. To, to, to, but it, it, it's, it's a reverse Dyson sphere. Right. It's accepting the sun from the outside rather than harvesting it from the inside Tree. Death is what it means. I know. Don't you hate seeing that? Like I just like shake my fist at at kudzu, like get off of that tree. Just, just stay on the ground. But Do you ever take time to go out there and with your scissors Josh? Yes. And Cut it off that tree Very frequently. Mile a minute. Weed is another good example. Apparently another Asian import that has choked the Mid-Atlantic region.


I guess the lesson here is this, an Asian business person ever gives you a non-native plant as a gift. Smile politely Say thank you very much. Also don't make eye contact Right. And say thank you very much, but I cannot accept this gift. But would you like to go have a lovely sushi meal? Nice. You got anything else? I got nothing else. So that is Timber If. you want go type that word into the search bar@howstuffworks.com. And since I said search bar, it's time for listener mail. I'm gonna call this coolest tattoo I've seen in a while. Hey guys, listen to Satanic Panic today and I loved it. I love that episode by The way.


That's a good One. Yeah, we've gotten some good feedback. Jerry's even nodding, she hates most of what we do. She's not even aware of most of what we do. She was born in 1982, this writer and she says, I remember family members talking about parts of our home state of Kentucky that were lousy was Satan worshipers. One of the things I like best in the episode was when we talked about the influence works of fiction had on superstition made me think of how I've encountered this in my own life. I have a great love of Ouija boards and in fact, I don't think she's heard the episode on Ouija boards 'cause she didn't reference it. Oh, that was a good episode too. So Carrie, we did an episode on that. You should listen to it. I think they're pretty and have, I have great memories of playing with one as a kid. I have quite a few at home, including, I have quite a few Ouija board items including a tattoo on my chest and she attached a photo.


She's got like the upper lettering of the Ouija board, like right across like under her neckline at the top of her chest On her sternum. Yeah. It and like when she wears like a a, a dress with that exposed. Right. It's just lovely looking cool. Like that font and everything. Yeah, I saw the photo and I thought it was really cool looking nice. But of course she's, people are gonna say like, what's up with this girl? Yeah, She's under Ouija boards. This has led to some very interesting conversations of course with people. A lot of people really like it like me, but some have been a little freaked out by it. Thanks to movies like The Exorcist and more recently Ouija, the Ouija board has been given a lot more power and I feel that it really deserves, I've had my tattoo for over a year and have not noticed any paranormal activities surrounding me and I've not been possessed and I have not had a demon use my chest as a doorway to our world.


Yeah. So I think I will be Okay, We'll see. Keep up the great work that is from Carrie parentheses like the movie, A lot of horror movie references in that. Yeah. I thought it was a very cool tattoo. Nice man. Well, Carrie right? That's right. Okay, thanks a lot Carrie for writing in and If you want to write to us. You can send us an email to stuff podcast@howstuffworks.com. And as always, join us at our home on the web Stuff You Should Know dot com Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Hey, everyone homes.com knows having the right agent can make or break your home search. That's why they provide home shoppers with an agent directory that gives you a detailed look at each agent's experience, like the number of closed sales in a specific neighborhood, average price range and more. It lets you easily connect with all the agents in the area you're searching so you can find the right agent with the right experience, and ultimately the right home for you. homes.com. We've done your homework


The fall season. We don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven with over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.