
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about in a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple Pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Good morning everyone. I hope you are watching Saturday morning cartoons or maybe the Muppets because this one is all about Jim Henson. I'm often asked what our favorite episodes are when we do the q and a at live shows and many, many times I go back to the ones on the Muppets and Jim Henson because he was just one of the best. This is from January 6th, 2015, How Jim Henson Worked. American Hero. That's not part of the title. That's just me. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio.


Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark with Charles w Chuck Bryant. Howdy And Jerry for the last time this year. Yeah. She's just informed us and she's all smiles. She is Not very nice. Jerry, How'd you like that presentation earlier? The sensitivity training? It was great. Yes. People, 'cause we work for a corporation. We have things like sensitivity trainings and in those trainings you get shown video examples of various forms of harassment and they are the best, most fun things to watch ever. For Me, they're pretty overt.


Yeah, I could watch those all day long. I was wondering how much that production company made from that. Yeah. You know, they did what, like five little vignettes. They I'm sure they paid the actors like literal peanuts. Yeah. They were bad actors. They were like, get there's the peanut bucket over there, you can pay yourself. Yeah. The old, the one that really got me was the, actually they were all really funny, but the one with the old guy in the, in the factory loading boxes. Like a shipping warehouse. Yeah. Right. And they were giving the old man a hard time about everything because He was old. Yeah. 'cause he was old and you know, he, they were giving a hard time 'cause he'd, he was outta work for a while and they'd had to co cover for him. Right. The old man.


And he had the back brace on. Did you notice that? Yeah. And he just, the look on his face, he just kept getting a little more like pouty the whole time. Yeah. I was like, dude, That's good acting. Stick up for yourself. Tell these young kids, you know what To do. The back brace prevents 'em from it. Anyway, I just had to bring that up 'cause I, I just think that stuff is so funny. And what's funny is people really do some of that stuff that you're like, what? Yeah. There's some creeps out there. Yeah. That was a really weird setup for Jim Henson. 'cause he's the least harassing guy he was probably ever. Yeah. He certainly comes across that way. He's a genuinely good dude. It's not one of these stories you hear about, like, maybe some of your favorite children's books writers or cartoonist or something.


Maybe it were kind of bad people. No, apparently not at all. Yeah, he was not only, so there's a lot of quotes in this article, John. No, John. I thought John Strickland wrote it. It turns out that's not the case. I'm surprised. Yeah. 'cause he's friends with or down with at least one of Jim Henson's kids. Oh, really? Who I believe lives here in Atlanta. Oh, wow. And but in this article, it's one of those things where everybody who compliments Jim Henson, who worked with him, they, they go to the trouble of complimenting him in a way that's not just like, oh, he was such a great guy.


Yeah. They all back up just a little bit because they're cognizant that that doesn't get it across. Sure. And they want you to understand that they're talking about more than just the great guy. Like, right. Oh, he is dead and I'm not gonna speak ill of the dead. And he was a great guy and that's a really thoughtless, polite in offensive thing to say. Sure. So like Frank Oz said something like, he, he was a, he was a a a great guy, but at the same time, you know, he was a human, but he was still a really great guy. Right. So like, what you're thinking of is a great guy. Get rid of that and actually replace it with a genuine human great guy. Yeah. Because as a filmmaker, he's a puppeteer obviously, but he was a filmmaker first and foremost, which a lot of people kind of forget about.


Yeah. That's a, did did You watch any of these? A Oh yeah. Man, that's a tough, tough job. Super stressful. And you and I have seen it can make good guys and good ladies be real jerks And Yell under stressful situations. You know, it's, it's, it's a tough thing. There's a lot of money on the line each day and it's Like everybody relaxed. It's just millions of dollars. But Frank Oz, I think that's the point he was making. Like, even when he would get frustrated and stress like that, it was, he was still a good guy behind it all. Yeah. And I read a, I read an, I guess it was a book review of a biography about him that that showed that it was all, somebody said it was all just play to him.


Yeah. Like work was play. Yeah. Even though he worked really hard, he was able to commit himself like that to his work because to him he was having the time of his life Yeah. All the time. And apparently like, there was just, there was no line between work and play, which now that we've seen that sensitivity training Right. Could have gotten him in a lot of big, you know, a lot of trouble. But he, he, he just enjoyed the life that he had from what I understand. Loved cars. Yeah. He had like a lotus that was the same color as Kermit the Frog. He had a, a Rolls Royce early on from his work. Yeah.


Let's talk about, let's talk about the guy. Yeah. I mean, If you haven't, I just need to go ahead and say, If you haven't listened to the episode on The Muppets, this is a, a what I consider just a more in depth part two on the man himself. Right. But that's one of our favorite all time episodes and from feedback, one of the great all time fan episodes. Yeah. It was a great episode. Yeah. It was just a lot of fun. And so I hope this augments that one. I hope we do it justice. So that's actually one of the reasons why we can do this episode because we already did a Muppets episode. This is A, and they tweeted about us. Do you remember the Henson Company did? Yeah, They did. Which was, they approved huge, it got their actual approval. That's right. Man, that was something the, the Muppets episodes its own thing.


It's about Muppets. This is about Jim Henson and it's appropriate that we're doing this because he was more than just the Muppets, even though everybody pegs him with the Muppets. Sure. And like that is a huge thing. He was more than that. And like you said, he was a filmmaker, but originally started out as a, a, a puppeteer, but kind of a reluctant one. Yeah. He was born in 1936, September 24th. James Ma Henson, M-A-U-R-Y in Mississippi. And his grandmother, maternal grandmother was a painter and a quilter and a needle worker. And apparently was a big inspiration to him just to seek out the creative in life. Right. Which is pretty great.


Yeah. And one of the, one of the things he got into, well he was originally a of, kind of a fan of ventriloquism a little bit. But he, he said later on in life that he was never, he was never like obsessed with puppets or anything like that. Like you would've expected him to be. And as he went to college, I think in Maryland, he, he got into, he started out as a studio artist. That's what he was studying. Yeah. He loved television above all else. Right. From the time he was a little kid, he was just transfixed by the tube. He almost kind of made himself destined to be on television by being obsessed with it. Yeah.


But he kind of stumbled into puppetry in college. And he started out as a studio art major and ended up graduating with a home ec degree because Home Ec was the only degree that offered puppet making courses. Yeah. He majored or he took a puppetry course at first and then a bunch of textiles and craft courses, which is a great way to, you know, start building and making your own puppets. Right. So, but he graduated with a home ec degree, but by the time he graduated he was already extremely successful. The, the Rolls Royce that I mentioned he bought in time to drive to his college graduation.


Yeah. Because he'd already created successful shows in his town. Yeah. I think he was a, in high school he was on the local TV station doing little guest spots. And then in 1955, the show Salmon Friends debuted and that, you know, he also did work on the side making money with, I think he did some of the like really cool concert posters of the day. Right. Really color, colorful silkscreen posters. And Salmon Friends did really well, but he still wasn't quite sure, like, I still don't know if I want to, you know, I'm a filmmaker. I did these short films. Really sort of weird abstract short films.


Live Action Experimental. Totally experimental. Did you see the time piece? Oh yeah. That one was pretty cool. It was great. And it's way, And did you see the Cube? I watched Parts of the Cube That was, did you see the end? No. Oh, you gotta see the end. I skipped the middle. 'cause I was like, okay, I I get where you're going with This. Yeah. Well we should just set it up real quick. The Cube was a show on NBC. It was a one hour show. And from 1969, The name of the show, NBC did was called Experiment and Television Appropriately. It was a different thing each week. And he had one week's installment called The Cube, which was a guy just stuck in a white room, but other people could come in and out of the room, but he could not.


Right? Yes. Okay. And he starts to go kind of crazy and it has the look and feel of a color TV ad like all lots of overacting and like Carol Burnett esque characters and stuff like that. But yeah, the, the sentiment behind it and like the, the everything behind it is really neat and it really gives you a good, an eye-opening example of like what Jim Henson was capable of, but also like what he was into because Yeah. You know, when you think of him, you think of Muppets and Sesame Street in particular. Sure. And these are weird abstract art films.


Not unlike, You know, you watch like a Jim Morrison art film from film school. Right. And it's kind of the same style, you know, that was what was going on back then. Yeah. And he actually got nominated for an Academy Award for timepiece. I think Jim Henson, Jim Henson had Jim Morrison beat by a mile as far as experimental films went. Yeah, I'll agree with you there. So, like I said, he wasn't quite convinced that puppetry was his future because he was a filmmaker and he was like, puppets are still kinda kid stuff. Right. But post-college, he did the old tour of Europe. And in Europe puppeteering is a whole different business. It was a lot more serious and a lot more, I guess It was treated as art.


Yeah, exactly. And he said, you know what, I'm, I am gonna give this a shot. Came back to the US married Jane, and even though he and Jane separated, they never divorced. Oh really? I thought they did. No, they never fulfilled the divorce. They just stayed separated. Okay. And then he started making TV commercials and formed his own company in 1963 with, I don't know if he formed it with Frank Oz, but he hired Frank Oz and Jerry Jewel, who ended up being obviously legendary puppeteers And lifelong collaborators of his Yeah. Yeah. But he started out making a, basically a puppet based commercial ad agency in New York.


Yes. In, in 1963. And yeah. And they weren't making funny commercials back then, so he was really pretty revolutionary Right. At the time. And they, I mean, they did pretty well for themselves. And one of the smartest moves he made early on was all of his contracts said that he retained the rights to any of the creations he made for these companies. Yeah. So he was creating what some of the things that would later become famous Muppets. Like the cookie monster was originally made for a chip maker. It was this puppet that couldn't get enough of these chips. Yeah. He was the wheel steeler and he stole cheese wheels. Yeah. Okay. That's what it was. Yeah. And he ended up being the cookie monster. And the reason he ended up being the cookie monster is because Jim Henson retained the rights to that creation.


That Was, he was a very savvy business guy too. Yeah. And he was, he was using somebody else's dime. These, these advertisers. Yeah. Like budgets to kind of hash out and form and make his Muppets. Yeah. Ralph the dog. Yeah. Started out on Purina commercials and was later a sidekick on the Jimmy Dean show in 1963, Which I remember that from the Muppets episode. Yeah. Rolfe was the first big Muppet and it's, he's such like a bit character now. Yeah. That, you know, it's just mind boggling to think he was the one that started it all. Even before Kermit. Yeah. Before Big Bird. It was Rolfe. Kermit kind of stole the show, I think. Yeah. And we'll talk a little more about Kermit and where he came from right after this.


Hey Everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just Post your job for free at linkedin.com/sy sk, that's linkedin.com/syk. And you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry.me is like therapy, but for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly, execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life, your Future is waiting. Go to strawberry me slash stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry me slash stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now, or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


There's nothing like sinking into luxury. An Bay Sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. An Bay has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers, and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect. For anyone with kids pets, or anyone who loves an easy to clean, spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699 and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


All right. So it's 1969 and a very, very big thing happens to Jim Henson. He was invited to be on the pilot of a show created by the children's television workshop called Sesame Street. He did not create it. No. Some people think he did, but he did make his mark by creating most of the iconic characters. And If you were a fan of the old Sesame Streets back then, all, not all, but many of those little short films, the little claymation ones or the live action ones, he directed those as well. Yeah. Which is pretty cool. I never knew that. I think I knew that. Did you? Yeah, he Was the, he was our Russ Vic.


Yeah, no, he was there. Russ Vic. That's right. Russ Vic is ours. That's right. So Chuck, the, the whole thing that changed everything for him was Sesame Street. Yeah. He's not a, he, he wasn't a creator of Sesame Street. They just hired him on Yeah. And they actually kind of won him over. Because remember, one of the things that Jim Henson always struggled with his whole career was he wanted to explore places that puppets had never really gone to. Right. In themes that they hadn't gone to, at least not in Mo the modern age. Sure. But he was fighting against them not being taken seriously.


Yeah. It wasn't like he was antip puppet by any means. He was an or anti kids. Because one of the big reasons he signed on with Children's television workshop was their goal to educate kids. Right. Meant a lot to him. But like you said, I think to merge those worlds successfully was a big part of his goal. Right. And struggle for a little while. Russ Vic, by the way, made the little interstitial things for the Stuff You Should Know. Television show. Yeah. The animations, Which is why I referenced him. Yeah. So the children's television workshop, which is now called The Sesame Workshop. Yeah. From what I understand, they won him over big time. He makes all of these characters from like Big Bird. And I think Kermit came before Sesame Street and he started out, and I think we talked about this in the Muppet episode too.


He started out looking really weird. Yeah. Like a lizard Almost. Yeah. Not cool at all. Like really kind of freaky. Yeah. Which is something that I, now that I know a little more about Jim Henson, I think maybe he might have even been going for. Right. But one of the things that Sesame Street allowed him to do was to really kind of explore something that he'd long been obsessed with, which was television and where it converged with puppets, which was all new territory. And Jim Hanson was at the bleeding edge of it. Oh yeah. Because If you think about it, when you go to a puppet show live, you know, you're, you're looking at what's essentially a mechanism for hiding the human.


And there's just a little area that the puppet can move around in. Well, a little tiny fake stage. Yeah. Yeah. So Jim Henson stepped back and said, okay, the television is that little tiny area that the puppet can stay, can move around in. Yeah. But it also opens up the whole world for a puppet, because you're using camera angles and there's editing and it's not in person. Yeah. Just frame out the people. So, and again, we talked about this in the Muppet episode, he created something called platforming up. Yeah. To where the, the puppeteers no longer had to like crouch down and, and to, to, to maneuver the puppets. Yeah. 'cause he was a tall guy. Yeah.


Tall and lanky. Man. He was Skinny. Oh, those running shots and timepiece. Exactly. Because he was in it, they were hysterical. Yeah. And he weighs about 70 pounds somehow His big lanky legs. But so yeah. The performers could stand up, which was a huge weight off. Yeah. But at the same time, because you're working with cameras and stuff like that, and they have the whole universe to move around in, and Jim Henson wanted him to move around as much as possible. It also put him in some weird positions. Yeah. If you ever, well, some people might think it's like kinda ruining the thing, but I think it's really neat If you, If you just look up on Google Images, Muppets Muppet show behind the scenes pictures. Yeah. And it'll show the, the stage sets, you know, like six feet off the ground.


Right. And all the people standing beneath. I think it's awesome to look at, but some people don't like, you know, they want to keep that illusion alive. Right. So depending on what kind of person you are, either seek that out or don't. And we gave that warning in the Muppets episode too. Did we? Yeah. Yeah. Those, I think they're really cool pictures. I agree. Because, you know, a lot of times they're looking at, they're looking at video monitors, standing there contorted, using both hands. Right. Like the way puppeteers work together to me is, is just a miracle because they're acting as the puppets, but they're moving, still moving among one another as humans. Right.


Underneath. Which can be really complicated. We, in fact, we know some really, really talented puppeteers here in Atlanta. Yeah. The Center for Puppetry Arts is, yeah. I think the nation's largest puppet puppeteer organization. Yep. And that is where we had our TV show, debut party, premier party. Like it was a really cool experience. Like Emmett Otter and the Gang are right there on display. I think the Henson and Kermit cut the ribbon for the grand opening Yeah. Back when it opened and ended up donating like 500 puppets and Muppets Right. To the center for Puppetry Arts. So If you ever visit Atlanta, people always email us and say, what should we do? I highly recommend going and checking out the Center for Puppetry Arts.


Yeah. 'cause they have a museum with, like you said, Emmett Otter. Oh man. All there's sorts of Stuff like a full-size life-sized sketch. Sketchy, yeah. Behind glass. Scary as you can imagine. Yeah. But I was talking about Raymond Carr, our friend, who I hate to keep bringing up the TV show, but it all kinda overlaps. He was a production designer for Stuff You Should Know on Science Channel. Yeah. And he and his friends Brandon in the Gang are amazing puppeteers. And they're doing some really, really leading edge like cool stuff here in Atlanta. Yeah. Like these giant puppets operated like, you know, 15 foot tall puppets operated by like six and eight people. If you ever seen the spaceman that they do. No. Oh man, it's unbelievable.


It's really cool. It's like a, I don't know how tall he is. He seems like he's 20 feet tall and they, you know, do these at parades and stuff and it's just really, really cool stuff. That's awesome. Yeah. But Henson is a huge inspiration to them, obviously. Oh Yeah. I think anybody who works even remotely in puppets. Oh yeah. It's gotta be inspired by Jim Hendon. He's the man. One of the other things that he came up with was, that was based on putting Muppets or puppets on tv, was using softer materials. Yeah. Everything else was like up to that point. Stiff wood marionettes, ventriloquist dummies, that kind of stuff. Right. He used like foam and it allowed the, the, the puppets themselves to have more expressive faces, which is great for closeup on tv.


Yeah, Absolutely. And it also, I mean, you now looking back, you just are like, well yeah, of course it's what puppets do. That's what I know. But that was Jim Henson that came up with that. Yeah. And it changed everything because it, it took something like, I mean, imagine howdy Doty, it was like, yeah, it's cool, you know, it's howdy doty or whatever. But yeah. With a closeup or far away, he looked exactly the same. It was like a woodhead with like a moving lower jaw. Yeah. And you know, he gave you nightmares with, with Kermit the Frog or something like that. The fact that he could have different expressions and react differently and, and his emotions could be shown on his face that made him that much more popular, that much more approachable Sure.


To people who were into 'em. Absolutely. Which is everybody. Yeah. Yeah. Show me someone who doesn't like Muppets in any form. I get it. If you don't like it anymore, maybe, but your heart is cold and dead inside for a while. And this is something I don't think I knew. He dabbled on Saturday Night Live in season one. Lorne Michaels got him a deal to perform some sketches and ultimately it wasn't a huge success. Yeah. And it wasn't the greatest marriage, but it was pretty cool that he was seeking out, you know, different avenues to get those puppets on television. It was. And his big break came in 1975.


He had a, he wanted to make the Muppet Show and he had a lot of trouble in the US still. Yeah. Even though he had his various successes on commercials and stuff. So he had to go to London and a TV producer named Lord Lou Grade gave him a deal with grades a TV studios and said, you know what, you can make your show. And the Muppet Show was born. Oh Yeah. Bada bing bada boom. That was it. That was it. And you can really see Jim Hinton's love of variety shows and just kind of, well, just the stage in the Muppet show. Because If you think about it, it's set the whole thing set backstage at a variety show.


Such a great idea. Yeah. When you look back at it, so like we took it for granted a little bit 'cause we were kids, but now as an adult, it's like, what a perfect way to frame this world is. It's basically like 30 Rock or 30 Rock was the Muppet show, Right? Well the Muppet Show started all that. Yeah. I don't know if Carol Burnett was before the Muppet Show. Yeah, it was before. Was it? Yeah. So she did a lot of backstage stuff, didn't she? I wonder who started that? I don't know. I mean, hers was more sketch. Yeah. But some of it was like Backstage, was it? I believe so. Yeah. I don't remember that. Unless I'm hallucinating right now. They need to have a good old fashioned variety show again.


Yeah. They don't have those anymore. Those Were big back in the day. You know, like a host comes out and then there's sketches and singing And Sure. Remember our cabaret? No, it wasn't Cabaret. What was it? The episode we did. Oh, burlesque. Burlesque. Yeah. Yeah. How that started out in vaudeville and burlesque ca. That's where standup comedy came from. That was an interesting episode. Yeah. I miss those variety shows though. Like the Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton and Yeah. Cal Burnett, all the, the Bandra sisters. Although Kenny and Dolly could just sit on a couch and stare at the camera for an hour and I'd watch that. Yeah. Just the best great entertainers. Yeah. Love those two.


All right. So where are we in our timeline? Well, Chuck, the Muppet shows just hit Oh, that's right. Things are going pretty well. They have been going pretty well already for Henson, apparently in 1970. Rubber ducky hit number 16 on the billboard charts. And for those who don't know, Ernie is Oh yeah, yeah. Voiced by Jim Henson. So Jim Henson sang a song Rubber Ducky that made it to number 16 on the billboard charts. And that was 1970, a year after The Cube, before the Muppet Show even happened. Before Sesame Street even. Right. No ses. Sesame Mystery was 69, I Think. Oh, okay. Yeah. Same year as the Cube. Wow. That's crazy to Think that's the new touchstone for his life.


The Cube. Yeah. PC and bc. So the Muppet Show was a, it was a huge hit. It won, you know, a lot of awards. It garnered critical praise and won the hearts of children all over the world. But it was also for adults too. Oh yeah. I think that's why he was able to pull it off in Great Britain. 'cause they have better senses of humor. Yeah. And speaking of adults, he got into some more serious themes with his next great show. Fraggle Rock. Yeah. In 1983. I Never saw a second of that show. Oh man. Really? Wasn't it on HBO? Yeah. It was one of the first HBO original series. We either had Showtime or we didn't have HBO didn't have anything.


Yeah. It was awesome. Frale Rock was great. And the idea there is you had the, the Fraggle gang and then you had, well you, you had three different groups. You had the home of Doc who was an inventor and his dog sprocket. You had the Frale who shared caves underground of Fraggle Rock with their neighbors, the doers and the gogs and these gigantic creatures that are in Gore's Garden. And the whole point of that show was to show how different types of people can live together and work together in peace. Right. It was really cool. Didn't know it at the time when I was, you know, 12 years old.


But what I was learning about was acceptance. And he won three cable Ace awards, five International Emmys in Frale Rock was one of the first big hits for HBO. That's great. As far as TV goes. Yeah. Great. Great show. Lots of great songs that, I mean he had every kind of like, he had reggae, rock country bluegrass. Really? He was all over the map with the music on Frale Rock. And he, I mean he wrote a lot of songs too. I think he wrote Rubber Ducky. I'm sure he wrote a lot of the stuff on Frale Rock. It was just, yet another thing he did was write music. Yeah. Renaissance man. The other show that he came out with in the eighties, in the mid eighties that I was big time into was Muppet Babies. I never saw one second of that.


Man. I love that show. Yeah. We're just enough apart in age where like certain things I saw you, I was, you were too young for. And then certain things I was too old for. You know what's weird though? I'm just gonna say this. So you, me and I are the same age. Her sister is like five years younger than us and I used to love Muppet babies. Yeah. Yumi sister used to watch Muppet Babies. So Yumi was like, why were you watching Muppet Babies if my younger sister was watching Muppet Babies The same And Yumi didn't watch Muppet Babies? No, she watched like Donahue or something like that. I watched Muppet Babies and I'm not ashamed anymore to say it. Well When was that? 1984? I was 13. So yeah, I was just, I was starting to be a teenager. Muppet Babies didn't appeal.


I think it was on for like four or five seasons. So maybe I was watching it at the beginning of the series. No, that makes sense. And Mika was watching it. That's what I've been telling you. Me, in 84 you would've been what? Eight. Oh yeah. That's perfect Age for Muppet Babies. So I think, I think we just saw it on different ends of the series is what it was. Is that what it is? But have you ever heard of Ron Funches? Yeah, the comedian. Yeah. Yeah. He has a little bit about Muppet Babies. It's pretty hilarious. Oh really? Yeah. He's awesome. Love that guy. Yeah, we saw him live. He's just a beautiful human being. Muppet Babies was cartoon though, right? Right. It was not live puppets correct. At all? No, it was cartoon. Okay. It was so cute.


Were they just the regular Muppets as babies? Yes. Oh, well I'll have to watch that sometime. Yeah. And they like used their imagination and like Gonzo had a thing for Indiana Jones, so he was frequently like exploring caves and like swinging on vines with the Indiana Jones fedora on and that kinda stuff. Well see, I would probably enjoy that now. You would? Yeah, definitely. Alright, I'm gonna go get Muppet babies. Chuck. He did even more TV that we'll talk about in a second. Okay. Okay.


There's nothing like sinking into luxury. Anna Bay Sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. Anaba has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids pets, or anyone who loves an easy to clean spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699 and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long. And get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos, hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home


for adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity. Refreshing sleep may be hard to come by and who likes to lag and drag through the day? OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking, or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at Don't Sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Okay. And we're back and we're still in the eighties. That's right. And you were talking about other TV, as we said the man loved television and filmmaking. And so he got away from the Muppets and Puppets every now and then, collaborated with Raymond Scott, who was an electronic, a pioneer actually on shorts called Ripples and Wheels that Go. And he did that for the Montreal Expo in 67. Right. And I know we're jumping around in time, but we're just trying to paint the full picture here. Not going necessarily in order. And then he also did this cool thing called the Floating Face, which was a sketch that was on the Tonight Show in the Mike Douglas Show in the sixties. Which, did you see any of that? A little bit.


It Was a little weird. It was like two eyes and a mouth and there were like these invisible wires and background images and the, it was, it was definitely a little more on that surreal tip. Right. The hints and surreal tip. Yeah. Not kid oriented necessarily, but he got into the movies with the Muppet movie, which was a big hit. So Good. It still holds up, man. It's still so great. And If you wanna know more about that movie and just some of the cool facts from it, go again. Listen to the Muppet episode. Yeah. As a matter of fact, pause this, go listen to the Muppet episode and then come back to this one. Yeah. We'll probably enhance your experience. Agreed. Or listen to 'em both at the same time.


But he followed the Muppet in 1982. He made the dark crystal. Yeah. Which was puppets. And it was based on some drawings by fantasy artist Brian Froud. And there were no humans. It was all puppets. And I don't think it holds up as well, but it still looks pretty good. Well, yeah. I think it actually is probably better received now than it was originally. Yeah. I think critics appreciated it, but it didn't do so well at the box office. But now it's become like it did Okay. Of a cult classic for sure. Yeah. And one of the reasons why it, it didn't do that well at the box office is because audiences didn't quite know what to make of it.


Sure. They heard Frank Oz, who co-directed it. Right. Jim Henson and Puppets. And I think they went expecting the Muppet movie. This is 1982 and they, they, they got the dark crystal instead. Yeah. Which is really dark. A lot of the, like, the theme is, you know, good versus evil and it's, the evil in it is really, really evil. Yeah. And the stuff that happens to some of the puppets is including really cute puppets. Yeah. Is really horrifying. And I read this awesome quote by Frank Oz, and basically he says like, Jim thought it was okay to scare kids. As a matter of fact, he thought it wasn't healthy for kids to never be scared.


Interesting. So like he purposefully was trying to scare kids and he, he, he wanted to take the tradition back to like grim fairytales, which were very, very dark and graphic. Oh yeah. That's a good Point. That's what he was going for with the dark crystal. Yeah. I think it was ahead of its time for sure. Yeah. If you look at some of these, like some of the CGI movies today, I think that Dark Crystal was a precursor to a lot of those. Right. Then he went on to make the movie LA The Labyrinth with Bowie, right? Yeah. David Bowie and a very Tom Cruise Young Jennifer Connolly. Now that was Legend. Oh, Okay. Good movie. But this was written by Terry Jones of Monty Python fame and then rewritten a bunch by a bunch of other people, including executive producer George Lucas Labyrinth was Okay.


Not bad. Again, not a huge hit for Henson though, as far as movies go. But he was still out there exploring these cool fantastical worlds. Yeah. And fantasy worlds. And he still had a lot of cred. Even in the late eighties. If you think about it, his heyday was the late seventies, early eighties with the Muppet Show. The Muppet movies. Yeah. And then after that it was like, yeah, I'll try this with Jim Henson. I'll try this with Jim Henson. Yeah. And even, even still, he had like a a, he was on a pretty great streak and at the end of the eighties he had two TV shows on the Jim Henson hour. Yeah. And Storyteller. The Storyteller. Yeah. The Jim Henson hour.


He was always pushing the boundaries. The storyteller, looking back now, or I'm sorry, Jim Henson now looking back, was really different from what you were getting at the time. 'cause it was, it was all over the map. You had certain shows that were like, you know, four or five sketches in one and then Right. Three of the episodes were full on one hour little mini movies. Oh Really? From, yeah. From beginning. That's like Louisie. Yeah, that's a good point. Actually, one of the little mini movies was called Dog City, which was great. It was narrated by Rolfe. And it was, I remember watching this, it was like a, a film noir gangster thing. Oh yeah. With puppet dogs. Yeah. And the main character, a u was the guy who did Elmo, Kevin Clash, did the character of A U and that was fantastic.


I think Dog City went on to be a TV show in its own right too. Okay. For a little while. But it was really good. I mean, it's total like gangster crime film, noi, but it's, you know, Rolfe the dog and the gang. I love Ralph. It's really Cool. The storyteller I hadn't seen before, I was, I guess aware of, but I don't know why I wasn't watching it. 'cause it would've been like right there for me. Yeah. Because I would've been 12 in 1988. But I watched one today and it was really good. It's like human puppet interaction. Yeah. Which is, and it's just seamless. Like there's one of the things from studying this that I've realized is like we take for granted and expect our puppet human interactions to be so seamless that we don't even realize that we're looking at puppets Right then.


Yeah. And the reason why we expect that is because of Jim Henson and the people he worked with and, and inspired to, to work so hard at creating that illusion. Well Yeah. The illusion that these are living, breathing things. He would go, I remember Kermit as guest on talk shows. Right. He wouldn't go out as Jim Henson. He would go out as, I mean, he did those appearances as well. But Kermit the Frog would be a guest on The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson or host. Or Host The Tonight Guest host The Tonight Show and Larry King. Yeah. And it, it was all a part of this goal of making these real people Right. Or real living things, not people.


Yeah. Apparently somebody who was working with Jim Henson was, I guess a director of the Muppet Show would be giving Jim notes on Kermit and Jim would just respond like, let Kermit respond. That would freak me out. And the director said, eventually you're just sitting there, you turn and you address Kermit. Like he'd just force you into like interacting with the puppet, even like during a, a notes session. Yeah. And probably without feeling silly or stupid or anything. Right. You know, it probably seemed like a totally normal thing to do. Eventually, once he forced you to do it, He also pioneered the Henson performance control system and won an Academy Award for that. And that was a, a remote control system that helped puppeteers out.


So he, he was always pushing technical, visual, stylistic, thematic boundaries. Yeah. As far as he could. And they didn't always work. You know, the movies weren't aside from the Muppet movie, they weren't the biggest hits. The TV show, a couple, you know, neither one of those lasted very long. Yeah. But I think he was, he was just intent on doing something different. Yeah. He and he did too. And he died in 1990 of a staph infection, organ failure brought on by a staph infection. Did you know that? Yeah. I think pneumonia had something to do with it too, didn't it? Not that I saw. Oh, really?


I saw organ failure caused by a group, a strep infection. I'm sorry, not staph. Very sad. And if you're ever in the mood for a good cry, watch the Jim Henson memorial where Big Bird sings. It's not easy being green. Yeah. Tough stuff. People, his children, his legacy lives on through. In 1993, Jane, his wife formed, founded the Jim Henson legacy to preserve his contributions, chairman with the public. And like I said, he donated 500 puppets to the center of Puppetry Arts. And there is also the Jim Henson Memorial in Muppet Museum and traveling exhibits.


And his sons and daughters help run his foundation. And some of them are puppeteers and company too themselves and run the company. Yeah. The company has changed hands a lot. I have sort of the boring history. When he was still alive, he was gonna sell it to Disney for 150 million. Yeah. Because apparently he believed in Disney's commitment to Yeah. Characters. So he thought like, that would be a good place for the Muppets to live. Yeah. And Disney went, wow. He bought it. Yeah. But he did not get that deal finished. But it turns out 150 million was chump change because in 2000 his children sold the entire company, including the Sesame Street characters to a German media company for 680 million.


Wow. And then I believe that company fell on hard times and they bought it back in 2003 for 84 million. What? Isn't that crazy? Wow. The Henson children are smart And in between all that there are various exchanges of percentages of stakes with other companies and rights of certain characters. It's a little dull to go over all of that. But needless to say, they made up pretty well and eventually Disney now does, they do own all the Muppet studio. They own the Muppets, the, apparently the Henson company sold the rights to the Sesame Street characters to Sesame Street, which is pretty cool, Right? Yes.


And the Jim Henson creature Shop still builds the Sesame Street puppets and Muppets. Yeah. It says they sold the rights to the Muppets and Bear and the big Blue House characters, which I'm not familiar with that one, nor am I. But Disney wanted, I guess that's sort of the, the player to be named later. That's included in the, in the baseball trade. Right. Man, I'm proud of the Henson kids. Yeah, They're great. And I hope we get tweeted about this one from them. They seem, they seem pretty great, Brian and Cheryl and the gang. They seem like they're doing right by the dad. And there's other siblings too, and I think they're all involved. Yep. Super involved. Yeah. And sadly, Jane passed away, I think in 2013.


Yeah. At the age of 78. I would've loved to have seen what kind of work he did later in his life. Oh yeah. The fact that he died in 1990 still had like a couple of TV shows going. I mean, he's 53 years old. Yeah. He, he had a lot of work left in. If you wanna know more about Jim Henson, go listen to our Muppets episode. And while you're looking that up, you can also search Jim Henson on the search bar@howofworks.com. We'll bring up this great article. And since I said search bar, it's time for Listener Mail. This is, I'm gonna call this sophomore Smart Sophomore. Hey guys, my name is Matt and I'm a sophomore in high school.


Smart sophomore. Smart sophomore. I'm manure fan in the show, and I listen while I do everything. Just wanted to say, the Dark ages were only dark in Europe. The life expectancy in the Dark Ages is actually a little longer than before, but mostly because there were smaller wars. But things were certainly brighter in the Islamic world. In fact, people in the Middle East were really enlightened during this time. Within about a hundred years, they conquered a lot of new, new land, including Spain. Also, the Arabic language grew to be the language, philosophy, medicine, and poetry. And Baghdad became the world's center of scholarship. They translated almost all of the famous Greek philosophers work into Arabic. Muslim Muslims developed algebra to simplify inheritance laws, and they made important strides in trigonometry to help people find a way to Mecca.


Architecture grew too. The Great Mosque in Spain only took roughly a year while medieval cathedrals took hundreds of years to build. Wow. So the dark ages weren't that dark and the enlightenment came earlier than most think. And that is for Matt. Thanks, Matt. That is enlightening stuff, my friend. Yeah. Our num rules are Arabic. Yeah, It's true. We Should, we should hit on some more Middle Eastern topics. Let's Do it, man. Yeah. In the meantime, If you wanna suggest some Middle Eastern topics for us, you can send us an email to stuff podcast@houseofforks.com. And as always, hang out at our beautiful home on the web Stuff You Should Know. Dot com.


Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If anyone's ever said you snore loudly, or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at Don't Sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily SA llc.


Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know. So you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime. But when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed Profile. No rabbit holes. Required


banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


You're Listening to an IHeartPodcasts.