
Residents at BrightView Senior, Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence, and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Stuff You Should Know is brought to you by the Capital One Venture Card Earn unlimited double miles on every purchase every day. And you can use those miles on any travel purchase. Plus, earn unlimited five x miles on hotels and rental cars booked through Capital One. Travel Your next trip is closer than you think with the Venture Card. from Capital One terms apply See Capital One dot com for details.


Hey everybody, it's me, Josh, and for this week select. I've chosen our really great episode on Genghis Khan from back in June of 2018. He's maybe one of the more misunderstood characters in all of history. He's certainly one of the most significant. I mean, how many individuals can you trace a portion of the global population to? Not many, I can assure you. Anyway, I hope you like this episode. Enjoy Welcome to Stuff. You Should Know A, production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark, and sitting across from me is Charles w Chuck Chin Brian.


And sitting to your right is Ghost producer Casper. Nobody. It was Ramsey guest producer Ramsey. We've got like all these new guest producers coming on hot and heavy. I Know Jerry had to fast and furious. She had to leave today and I think everyone's busy. And so someone came in. There's also a distinct lack of interest I've picked up on, Boy, remember the days when people used to jump at a chance to sit in here? Oh, yeah. Now they're like, I've got a mail. Something I know Used to be like, oh my gosh, Jerry's gone. Let me do it. Let me do it. Yeah. Now it's, and they grew up. Yeah. And then they grew up in, now we have our little Dunking Bird to peck the key. Yeah, the R record button.


Yeah. Just going back and forth, thinking about where life went wrong. Just us, Just us. Chuck and a guy named Gingis. Dingus. Kahan. Do you pronounce it Dingus or Gingis or Gingis? Are you being serious? I know it's not dingus, but I've also seen it spelled in a way that would suggest you gingis. You dingus. You've pronounce Chinga. Oh, really? I think I have heard that. But we're gonna go with the, the general Genis pronunciation. Okay. Right. Although his, what was his birth name? Te Muji Doesn't even, Genghis Khan isn't even his real name.


Everybody. So calm down. It's Te Muji or Te Muji. Man. Did you see that statue? I've seen it before, yes. It's enormous. Have You seen it in person? No. No. I've not yet been to Mongolia. That's something else, man. I will one day though. Yeah, I know. It's, it's the world's biggest equestrian statue and with good reason, it's like 40 meters or 130 feet tall. Yeah, That's an enormous statue. It's Pretty impressive. Whether, whether you're on a horse or not, that's a big old statue. Right? Sure. I almost didn't say old. And I think it's made of like 250 tons of stainless steel, which means it, it rinses clean really well, And it looks like I saw the wide shot.


It doesn't look like one of those that's, you know, surrounded by Burger Kings. Oh, good. Looks like there's a lot of land around it. Well, Mongolia has a lot of land, a lot of undeveloped land from what I understand. Yeah. This was an interesting one because depending on what kind of historian you are, he is a either a revered mastermind or a scorned Butcher. Butcher. Yeah, I know. He's actually, I think both, Well, of course he Was both for sure. But yeah, there, there are definite camps for sure. Like, like a lot of people I've seen him called the Pro Genist camp.


The Pro G Yeah. Yeah. That they're, they're all about like all the cultural transmission that happened under his, his rule. Yeah. Or all of the, all the new innovative laws or religious religious tolerance was another one. Yeah. And, and yes, you like all that stuff happened. It's not in dispute. Like there were a lot of things that we'll talk about that were really positive, but he's also directly responsible for the deaths of about 35 million people. Yeah. The anti G Over a 25 million, 25 year period. That's a ridiculous amount of death of people who had Genghis Khan not been born and, you know, decided to lead a conquest.


Yeah. Would probably otherwise not have died violently. That's a big mark in his favor or against him. Well, my morality just switched off there for a second. So you got the Pro G, the anti G. Yeah. And the all G, right? The third camp. Yeah. The Booya Asha. I miss that. Oh, it's good stuff. It is. But they tried to bring it back, remember? And it was like, oh, really? Was there a part two? No. Or a 2.0. They, That's, that's the problem. They didn't do new stuff. It was just him introducing old stuff and it was like, we want more new stuff. We've all seen this. I don't Old Stuff a bunch. It was like for a month on fx. But they shot new hosting segments.


Yes. They were like 15 seconds long. Oh. So basically they said, Hey, Sasha Barett Cohen, how'd you like to make another X amount of dollars? Right. By showing up for a day. How would you like to do the, the ol EG version of SYSK Selects? Ooh. Yeah. All right. I'm not gonna examine that one too closely. Alright, so we're talking about Ali GI mean, Genghis. Khan, right? Yeah. And just some large statistics right off the bat as far as his, his, his influence, well, not his influence, but his rule and sheer numbers. Yeah. This is the reason we're still talking about him. Not just because he killed so many people.


Yeah. Agreed. By the time, you know, of course everyone knows he was a great conqueror who just kept branching out further and further. Right. And this is how far he reached eventually in modern day terms, he would reach Austria. Austria, he banged on the door of Austria. His, yeah. His, his son did. Just Get outta world map and look at where Mongolia is. So Austria, Finland, Croatia, Hungary, Poland, Vietnam, Burma, Japan, and Indonesia. 12 million contiguous square miles, Which is the size of Africa Again. Amazing. Yeah. And then to put that in context, you know, the, the great Roman Empire that was about half the size of the United States.


Yeah. The, the Roman Empire was half the size of the United States. Yeah. It took them 400 years to amass that. Yeah. In 25 years, Genghis Khan had an empire the size of Africa. Yeah. And then at the time, the population of the world was about 7 billion people. The Mongolian Empire was about 3 billion of that. So it's just astounding. It is astounding. And, and to put it in like true cultural or true historic context, at the time in say like the early, early 13th century, the Mongols were the Mongols, a bunch of nomadic tribes. Tribes on the steps of Mongolia. China was a well established and fairly advanced patchwork of dynasties.


Yeah. You had like Europe growing in the, they were in the Middle Ages, but they were like, the Renaissance is coming not too long. Yeah. You had the Native Americans over in America doing their thing. Sure. Africa doing their thing. So there's all these different things going on in the world, and then all of a sudden, out of nowhere, this tiny little bunch of people who are aren't even into agriculture take over Eurasia. Yeah. In 25 years. Yeah. Out of nowhere and kill 35 million people. Yeah. Out of nowhere. It'd be like, if, if Polynesia suddenly rose up and took over the Americas. Yeah. In 25 years they just assembled and said, we're taking over.


And they were just so ferocious that a America just didn't even know what to do and was overrun by them. Yeah. And their, their rule was not long lasting for a lot of the reasons that there's a lot of ironies, you know, a lot of the reasons that they were able to spread so fast ended up being their undoing. But this is all just set up fodder. Yeah. We haven't even gotten into it yet. So let's let, let's do start. Okay. Whew. Back in. People think the best guess is probably, I think 1185. I, I saw there was a, a kid named Temo 1162, I'm sorry. And he was born in place called well along the Onan River, near Ula Baar, which is a great name, but that's the capital of Mongolia.


There's five A's in that. That's a lot of a, that's A lot of A's, and this, this kid, this Tein who would grow up to be Genghis Khan was not Genghis Khan material from the outset. No. He was, well, he was a middle brother, and apparently both younger and older brother out shown him. Yeah. He was very much the Jam Brady of his family. He was, 'cause apparently little brother was a much better athlete and a better, you know, arrow shooter, or I guess you would call them archers kind of better at everything. And then his older brother picked on him. He was not, he was illiterate. He wasn't like formally schooled or super smart.


Right, right. but I mean in his defense, neither were most of the people he knew or Sure. Who lived on the steps. Yeah. It's not like his two brothers like got their doctorates. Right. Their PhDs. Yeah. And kicking butt. Well, that's true. But he was, there was, I mean, reading, I wish I knew more about this, this whole era because it sounds like it was just a crazy time, especially over there where people would be like, if I want something, I'm just gonna go take it. Yeah. If I want that tribe gone, I'm gonna go kill them. If I want those ladies and her children, I'm gonna kidnap them. And that's was just sort of how the land was ruled. Yeah. It was kind of, not chaos, but just brute force.


Lawless. Yeah. Pretty lawless. And I, you were, you were loyal to your tribe or your clan and your tribe or clan was nomadic and you lived by the horse and Yeah. You, you, there was a lot of war between these tribes on the steps. Yeah. Tiny, tiny wars. Like, like, Like you said, kidnapping. Like you would kidnap your wife. That's how you got your wife, was you go kidnap her from another tribe and be like, you're my wife now. That's how His mother came about, right? Yes. That's how he came about. Was his father kidnapped his mother. Technically his father was the chief of his tribe. Oh, what's his father's name? Yasui. Nice and Yasui kidnapped.


Hulu. Hulu. Yeah. There's a lot of Laus in there. I don't know how the umlaut represents Mongolian dialect. Well, we're gonna do a German style. So her name is H Loon is that pretty German Meley crew. So she was kidnapped. And I, this is the thing, like I have no context to put this in. If this was a common thing. Was she like, oh, I'm being kidnapped. Okay. Like, I, I, I guess I'm 18 now or something. Like, this is just a normal course of events for her. So it didn't impact her. I Don't know. Or Is that just a ridiculous thing to even think and like, yes, If, you were kidnapped and taken from your tribe and made to be some dude's wife unwillingly.


It doesn't matter where it happened or when it happened, it was a horrific experience. I Think it was, I mean, I think it was that and just sort of the way it was women were just had no recourse or say in anything at the time. So it was both. But like, I, I think I know what you're saying though. Like, you know, she had these children and they were quote family, but what does, you know, what does that mean in that context? Yeah. Is it a family if mom's like looking for an escape route for the whole life, right. Yeah. Either way it was not like people recording one another back then. Right. So Yasui Right. That's what we decided on. Yes.


Yasui was the chief, like I said, of the clan of the tribe. A very powerful dude. And he was poisoned. Actually, he died by poisoning when Teragen was nine. And that was bad news for Tein, his mom and his two brothers. Yeah. They were just sort of kicked out of this new tribe. And I'm not sure why, I guess 'cause the he was the son of of, yeah. Okay. They didn't want anybody being like, oh, by the way, I'm the rightful heir. Right. I, I should really be the chief of this tribe. I'm very surprised that they didn't just kill all of 'em. Yeah. Because that's kind of the way it usually went. Yeah. So yeah, they were kicked out. So he had a rough childhood. They were not, they had to scavenge for food.


I reckon it toughened him up a little bit. But as our article points out that he, it kind of gave him a will to and probably ticked him off. So he had anger and will Vengeance And vengeance all rolled up into one, which says a lot about like the man that he would become, I think. For sure. So he and his family make it so not all of his family. There's, there's a story called the Secret History of the Mongols, and it was written in about 1240. So shortly after Genghis Khan's death, we don't know who the author was, but that's the primary source for most of the auto or the biography of Genghis Khan.


There's, they know a lot or at Least a lot purport to, because somebody sat down and wrote this. Yeah. And. We'll see eventually why. But the, that's where we're getting all of this information, which is also why If, you listen to the history of Genghis Khan, a lot of it sounds like a string of fables and tails wrapped together For sure. But historians tend to think that there's some, some kernel of truth or just outright truth to most of it. Should we take a break? Yeah. All right. We'll take a break and we'll talk about what young Timmo gen was like.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity


Between work, the gym, family. I, I am overwhelmed, Sis, are you feeling overwhelmed? You are not alone. I'm Dr. Joy Harden Bradford licensed psychologist and host of the Therapy for Black Girls Podcast. And I'm bringing candid mental health conversations straight to your podcast feed. We'll unpack everything from conquering imposter syndrome to nurturing your friendships, Join me and my expert guests as we explore mental health and personal development. Whether you're just starting your mental health journey, entering motherhood, thinking about becoming a therapist, or just trying to show up as the best possible version of yourself. Listen to Therapy for Black Girls on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Greetings, GS and Girls and welcome to Haunting Purgatory. Premier podcast for all things afterlife. I'm your host, Thereza. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling When she was with her imaginary friend, she would turn and look at you and you felt like something else was looking at you too. Some unnerving. The more I looked at it, I realized that the sum looked more like a claw, like a demon. Some even downright terrifying. The things that I saw, heard, felt in that house were purely demonic, But all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you live and get your podcasts.


If you're a fan of dance music or just a fan of, of learning all about your favorite artists, then America's Dance 30 is the podcast you need in your life. It's Brian Fink. Every week on America's dance 30 I chat with the biggest artist in Dance music life. It's David Gida, it's Speedy Rexer. This is Afro Jack. Three to all up, this is Diplo. And even icons like it's Nelly Tato. Here is Ellie Golden. We not only find out how their songs were born, but also get to know them better. Listen to America's Dance 30 on the free iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your podcasts.


All right. So we said that he was a bit of a crybaby, got picked on, wasn't very athletic or strong, but he had charm. He had chutzpah, he had charisma And a little bit of moxie. And definitely he gotta throw in some moxie. And apparently he was able through his charisma to, to talk people into helping him out. And that became sort of a trait through his life. Right. And they give a couple of examples. One time he was going after a horse thief and he just ran upon a stranger and kind of convinced the guy to not only give him a horse, but to help him out. Yeah. He really attracted people into his orbit, from what I understand. Yeah. He was like, Like Gil, like Gilbert Godfrey.


Okay. It's funny 'cause I knew I was trying to think of someone legitimately, and I knew that you were headed down the different Think, you know, the opposite of that. What else? There was another time that he had a bride to be, or maybe, I think he was married. Yeah, I think that's the Case. And she was kidnapped 'cause that's how it went. And so he went to the leader of another tribe and said, Hey, take this sable skin. It was one of my wedding gifts. And He goes, oh, nice. Yeah, he was pretty impressed apparently because he helped him rescue the wife and then pledged his allegiance to him as an ally for life, I guess. Yeah. He said, not only am I gonna help you get your wife, you're gonna go on to do great things and I wanna be there with you.


Love me. So there's just tons of stories like that. Yeah. Like early stories where like he was held prisoner by, he was kidnapped himself and escaped by beating the guy, watching him with the wooden collar that he had fastener on his neck. There's just tons of stories like that that If you put it together, you can kind of see this guy develop over time. Right? Sure. But eventually he Probably hit the weights eventually, Right? Yeah. As as as he grows up and develops and more and more people kind of come into his orbit and want to help him out, he starts putting that, that charisma and that vengeance to, I guess, productive use.


And he, he assembles like his own tribe and other tribes, he starts lying with other tribes. And the tribes that don't go along with it. He slaughters in war and he would, he was known for having like an eye for other talent, which would aid him tremendously throughout his years as a a conqueror. But for example, If, you were a, a good enemy soldier and he noted that in battle. Yeah. There was a good chance that you were gonna end up a field commander on his side. Yeah. After the battle was over and he beat your, your guys. And there's actually a story where the, well, his horse was shot out from under him and after his hi, his group won the battle, the Mongols won the battle.


He wanted to know who shot that arrow. And the guy on the other side stood up and said it was me. And he said, you, your name is Jebe now, which means Arrow, and you're going to become a field commander for me. And he went on to be one of the best he ever had. And the guy was like, is he messing with me? Right? are you, am I to you might've killed Me. Me. Yeah. But that was a, that was pretty par for the course with him. And so through these actions he started assembling like an army and became the leader of the steps. Yeah. And people, like you said, if they challenged him, they were squashed. He, he had a surrender or die policy, which apparently If you literally did not fight. And you were just like, okay, we're all yours.


Right. Apparently he was okay to you. He wasn't known for torturing people. I don't know if he, you know, I, I don't know. I don't wanna say he was kind to them, but I think he kind of wanted his subjects to be happy and productive. Right. So if they didn't fight him, he was like, all right, you're you're part of the big extended con family. Come Here. Come here. You thank you for your kingdom. Although he isn't con at this point still. No, that didn't take place until I believe 1206. Yeah. That's when they, the Mongol tribes all got together. They had a great assembly called. And they said, you know what, you're the man, you're Genghis Khan.


Now we are all on your team because quite frankly, we're scared of you. Right. We're scared. We're so scared. So, and he was like, Hey. And that's fun. Yeah. So Gingis Khan, they think there Khan means ruler. Yeah. Indisputably, gingis. They're not a hundred percent sure what they meant by it because it can mean ocean or just so they think they were saying like supreme, like the leader all the way to the ocean. Sure. And then, then you run into to Triton, you don't wanna mess with him. Right. But up to Tritons area, this guy's the leader. So that's what they meant by like ocean leader. He wasn't Aquaman. No.


So they're unified now. And he said, I have to like, I have to assemble a nation here. I've got all these tribes. I want a unified people. Yeah. That Was a big move. It was. And it was a smart move. And all these old clans got together, people that were enemies joined forces. I don't know if they became, you know, best buds or anything. Anything. Well, One of the things they did is they renounced these old rivalries. Yeah. They, they stopped warring with each other. They stopped robbing one another. Yeah. And they started identifying not as these individual clans, but as Mongols Yeah. And like strengthen numbers. I think they realized this, this could benefit us all Right. If we are one big powerful group.


Right. But numbers is relative though, man. Sure. Like from what I saw at its peak, the army of Genghis Khan had about a hundred thousand men. Yeah. Which is peanuts. It is Peanuts. So why were they, should we get into why they were successful yet, or this Yeah. Okay. So why were they successful? Well, a few reasons. The, probably the, one of the biggest is, is these dudes could ride horses and shoot arrows like nobody's business. Yeah. They were incredible. Cal, they had an incredible calvary.


He was one of the first that whoever wrote that article, you sent that one historian, he was great. Yeah. So he pointed out that he, he realized that, that the calvary didn't need to be followed by an infantry, which was a huge advantage, I guess in battle. You get, you needed far fewer guys. Yeah. And just get everyone up on a horse. Yep. They were incredible archers. They could, their accuracy was unmatched. They could fire an arrow apparently like over 300 yards accurately. These horses were awesome. They were grass fed. They could live off the land. They had this armor that was really lightweight and flexible.


So, you know, at the time they were fighting people and much heavily armored apparel. So they, they were, they could move around better. Right. you know, on their horses. They were firing arrows and they had these little short swords and they had this thing called a hooked lance. And they're like, a lance is all right. It's, it's cool I guess to poke someone off a horse. But what If you can poke 'em or grab 'em. So they added a hook to the lance. Very simple feature. Right. And it really changed things. It was like a modern evolution in weaponry. Right. So these are just a few of the reasons. One of, one of the others is tactics and strategy. Yeah.


He would scout out before battles for weeks sometimes he wouldn't just go as like as brutish as they were. They would spend a lot of time doing research and spying. Yeah. And really kind of figuring out a game plan Like, like if they were gonna sack a city, like they knew where the trade line or the supply lines were. Sure. Escape routes, you know, all that kind of stuff. All the stuff you need to know to Saka city. Yes. One of the other things. So, so part one A I saw it called a quantum leap in military strategy and technology. Yeah. Okay. That was the first thing.


The other thing is something you touched on earlier, their surrender or die policy. Yeah. Right. So their military prowess combined with their tactics and the, their policy of If. you don't just say, yes, that's fine And, we don't want to fight, we're gonna kill everybody. Just about everybody. They were actually pretty smart about it too. They'd find like the skilled craftsmen in some, some cities and be like, engineers, we're gonna spare your life because you're now a Mongol. Yeah. You gotta move to Mongolia, by the way. But they would just kill so many people that, that a lot of historians have tried to figure out why were they so ferocious. and there have actually been a number of theories that have been put up.


One is so, apparently, so Genghis Khan was a, he was into shamanism. That was his religion. Yeah. But he was like fervently religious Yeah. About shamanism. and there was like a great god of the sky who I think is analogous to Vishnu, maybe in Hinduism. And this, this God supposedly gave him a vision that he should become conquer of the world. Yeah. And so some people have said, well he, you know, If, you opposed him. You're opposing his God. And so there was no room for that. And that's what made him so ferocious. Yeah. Probably the best explanation though is that if some, if like one of their a hundred thousand horsemen died, that was a big deal, right?


Yeah. So to save their numbers, they were better off not fighting. So by slaughtering an entire city. Yeah. That word about that gets around the area. So when those guys show up to your city, there's a pretty good chance that if they say surrender or die, you're gonna surrender. And so the, the Mongols didn't have to sacrifice a single person. Yeah. And also get the idea. I mean we're gonna talk about his major seizures, but he also had a lot of smaller skirmishes with just kind of regional tribes I think. And I got the idea that he wouldn't send all his dudes in there. He would send in a small amount of people as possible. Right. Because they were so fierce and good at what they did, he didn't need to.


And then that also reduced the chances of loss of life, I guess. And then, so the smallest units, those that a hundred thousand man army boiled down to units as small as 10 people. Yeah. That was the individual unit was a 10 person cavalry group. Yeah. And yeah, If you could just say send five groups in or a thousand groups in or whatever. Yeah. There you go. And he would also, he would also, as he went, he would pick up whatever weaponry and tactics that other armies used and used those. Because one thing that was pretty clear in reading this Genghis Khan did not like walls in in walled cities. I saw that too. It ticked him off.


Yeah. Especially for some reason. Why would you do that? No. So he, you know, he, he got catapults and things like that and he would, he would do some awful things like with ladders and catapults. He would fling diseased animals. Like that wasn't, and I know he wasn't the only one to do that. But some of this seems like lore though. The thing with the cats and the birds. Yeah. He told one city that he'd spare them if they gave him a thousand cats and 10,000 birds. And they gathered up their 10,000 birds, which I guess they had in the thousand cats and gave 'em to 'em. And then he set the cats and the birds on fire and flung them over the walls to start fires in the city. Well Supposedly co cotton Oh, gotcha. To them and set that on fire.


Oh well that's much better. But I'm sure the fire spreads. It does seem apocryphal. Yeah. I, I don't know if I believe that Apocryphal by the way, I just learned in like the last year or so means that word made up. You didn't know that's, you'd never heard the word or No. I've heard plenty of times. I just didn't realize, I always assumed it meant like biblical and end of times. Oh, interesting. Because it's resemblance to apocalypse. I I've got one more for you. What's that? I just this week learned what co de gras actually means. I thought it meant like the cream of the crop, the ultimate, it's the death blow. Like there's nothing after it. Not because it's the best. Right. Because you just had your head cut off.


Yeah. The coup de gras. Yeah. Yeah. The final blow. Just learned that this week. Yeah. I Think I knew that, you know what word I used to always get wrong was dubious And you think it meant pot? I don't Know. Yeah. Can you score me some dubious? Did you ever listen to funk dubious? They were like this rap group from the nineties that had Like a Couple hits. Yeah. I remember Funk dubious. They were great. They were, they all they wanted to do is have fun in the midst of like the whole gangster rap thing. Funk dubious, funk dubious. I Totally remember that. Yeah. Boy, they, they just went away. I haven't heard that name in, I think they had like one album and that was It. What was their big hit? Oh, I don't even remember. But I'll bet it had to do with pot.


Probably. So. Alright. So he's gotten Mongolia pretty well taken care of at this point. Wait, what did you think dubious meant? I, I made the joke instead of letting your answer. No I don't, I don't remember what I thought it meant, but I think I just used to get it wrong. We'll go back to funk dubious. So he's got Mongolia pretty well under control and he is insatiable though. Gingis Kane, he starts looking around and he's like, Chyna is big. You look pretty, pretty pretty. And I think even though they are wealthy and tough and have a lot of dudes to fight, I think I can take 'em 'cause I'm Genghis Khan, Which is a nuts.


So thing to say at that time. Sure. Especially depending on which of the, the dynasties in China you were talking about. 'cause I think there were at least three major ones. Well He's like all of them. Let's just go one at a time. Yeah. So that's what he did. What? Yeah, that's exactly what he did. He started with the man, there's, I'm sorry everybody. I'm having trouble keeping up with all of the names, but the tans. Yeah. The Kingdom of Ji is how I would probably pronounce it. Is that right? Not Dixie Chang. No. Yeah. I forget about that Ji. Yeah, Xi and the Tans. And I think this was sort of a test, his biggest test militarily at the time.


Yeah. It was. He'd been fighting other tribes on the steps to consolidate 'em and killing off the resistors. They didn't have cities. The tens were the first ones that he encountered that had like cities with walls that were fortified that he needed to figure out how to lay siege to. Yeah. And he, he did to the point where the king finally said, alright, you are my master. Here are my troops, and here's the princess bride as well. Right. Because I've heard you get around. Yeah. And Gingis Khan said as you wish. That's right. Isn't that what he said? I think So. Okay. So then next he said, all right, how about this other region, the chin kingdom.


And he faced a 70,000 man army and it said, virtually wiped it out in this article. So he is working his way up here now. Yeah. So he actually hit the chins twice from what I understand. And this how stuff works. Article says it happened in 2013. So I'll bet the Chins were quite surprised to see Genghis Khan show up five years ago. Yeah. I wonder why. I mean, it says they came, he came back and got a bunch of silk and gold and got a bunch of engineers. I wonder if that was the, the purpose of that mission maybe was like, Hey, I don't think we properly rated them. Yeah. 'cause this was two years after the first one. I, I guess that's all, all it was. That he wanted some more silk and gold And again, appropriating weapons like crossbows catapults and because it's China, early versions of explosives.


Right. And so he's using all this stuff. He's not married to just the hook pole and just the saber. He'll try out anything he sees works. Right? Yeah. So he is, he's knocked out the first two dynasties. He's brought them under his control. He now controls a significant portion of China, all of the steps around Mongolia. Yeah. And he's got his sets, his sights set on the biggest one of the three. The gin dynasty. Yes. And he actually got in contact with them, or else they got in contact with him first. But the emperor of the Gin dynasty, this is an advanced civilization at this point. Very wealthy, maybe the most advanced and wealthy civilization on the planet at the time.


Maybe Gingis Khan is a backwood redneck horse rider who just happened to get lucky a couple of times. Caught the other two dynasty slipping. Well, sure. That's, that's The impor of the, of the Gin Dynasty is thinking at this time. He's Thinking, you're gonna be my slave. Yeah. He's like, you've done pretty good kid. I'll tell you what, I'll let you, I'll let you look over my land in the south. You'll be my vassal. And here here's a princess bride. I hear you like him. Yeah. But it did not work out that way. No, it didn't. He actually successfully defeated the most advanced wealthiest society on the planet at the time.


The gins Yep. Slaughtered thousands and thousands of people. Well, That's how you do it, I guess. And these three campaigns, these, these are huge, enormous campaigns. China was extremely populous at the time. And the number of people who died, most of the people who died under Genghis Khan's rule through war and conquest happened during these three China campaigns. Yeah. About 30, about 30 million people died. And this is over, I mean, 10 years, I think less than 10 years. Yeah, I think so. It's nuts, ma'am. Yeah. So he wanted to continue going, I guess west in 1219.


He made his way through modern day Central Asia like Turkmenistan, Afghanistan, Iran. And the Shah Mohammed there said he killed a ambassador that they had sent forward from a trading caravan. And he had a big walled city. And he is like, I'm gonna be fine. I'm not sweating this guy. Right. And he burned the city down. Genghis Khan did. And including a thousand of the soldiers who were in a mosque hiding out, killed about a hundred thousand people. But of course, like you said earlier, he spared the, the skilled craftsmen and workers. Right. And this is the, the qua Quora man, I even practiced this one, the qua Aism, I think.


So Empire, which it's capital city that he sacked is now in Uzbekistan. But I've seen it called mostly like Afghanistan, Iran for the most part. This is the, the area it covered Iran is what I see it mostly compared to these days. Yeah. And things are starting to get a little outta hand at this point. And, and it's basically sort of due to the fact that he, there was, he went too far. There were too many people, too much land. When you control your, I think the, the guy who wrote that article you sent said that they weren't producers of anything. The Mongols. Yeah. Right. Or or tradesmen.


They Were conquerors. That's It. Yeah. And that's not like you gotta diversify From what I understand, they didn't have a written language, they didn't do anything. They just conquered people and took over your land and then leached off of you. Yeah. Which is a good skill to, to get going. But if that's all you can do, I think he likened it to a shark needing to feed. Right. Like eventually you run out of lands to Conquer. And then on the interior, it's such a huge corporation at this point. Right. It gets unwieldy. So Gingis kind of recognized this at some point. Yeah. I saw that he had basically a, a change of heart about agriculture, about walled cities, about a sedentary lifestyle.


Yeah. And I, I think he mostly saw like, oh, you can make way more wealth this way. So he turned from conquering as much toward figuring out how to administer this area that he conquered again. Eurasia is conquered. Yeah. It's under this guy's, this guy's had never had, never been united before and has, hasn't been united since. Even under Soviet, Soviet rule. The Genghis Khan empire was bigger Yeah. Than that. Right. And so he is put it together and he's like, what do I do now? And we'll talk about that after this message. How about that? Yes.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity


Between work, the gym, family. I, I am overwhelmed. Wow. Sis, are you feeling overwhelmed? You are not alone. I'm Dr. Joy Harden Bradford licensed psychologist and host of the Therapy for Black Girls Podcast. And I'm bringing candid mental health conversations straight to your podcast feed. We'll unpack everything from conquering imposter syndrome to nurturing your friendships, Join me and my expert guest as we explore mental health and personal development. Whether you're just starting your mental health journey, entering motherhood, thinking about becoming a therapist, or just trying to show up as the best possible version of yourself. Listen to Therapy for Black Girls on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Greetings, GS and Girls and welcome to Haunting Purgatory Premier podcast for all things after life. I'm your host, Theresa. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling When she was with her imaginary friend, she would turn and look at you and you felt like something else was looking at you too. Some unnerving. The more I looked at it, I realized that the thumb looked more like a claw, like a demon. Some even downright terrifying. The things that I saw, heard, felt in that house were purely demonic, But all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you live and get your podcasts.


If you're a fan of dance music or just a fan of learning all about your favorite artists, then America's Dance 30 is the podcast you need in your life. It's Brian Fink. Every week on America's dance 30 I chat with the biggest artist in dance music like it's Davey Gida, it's Speedy Rexer. This is Afro Jack. Three to, or this Is Diplo. And even icons like It's Nelly Tato. Here is Ellie Golden. We not only find out how their songs were born, but also get to know them better. Listen to America's Dance 30 on the free iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your podcasts.


Okay, Chuck. So Genghis Khan has conquered Eurasia and said, what now? What now Eurasia. What do you guys wanna do now? Done with killing? Not really though. Well, he died. Yeah, I guess that's right. Yeah. And this is, no one knows quite how he died still. Some people say he had a fall from a horse and was injured, eventually died. Other people said it might've been typhus. There are a few other theories floating around out there. But yeah, Like shot in the knee with an arrow is my favorite. Yeah. Which I guess just infection. I, I would die from pain. Yeah.


It's interesting though, in August of 1227 when he was on his deathbed, like one of the last things he did was say, you know, remember the tits Go kill all of them. Right? That's what he did. I think they were the first people he Conquered. Right? They were the people. Okay. The first people in China. And when he went to go, go attack the Q empire. Yeah. He demanded that they send some troops as reinforcement and they said no. He defeated the ko them and turned around and went right over to ah and was like, you guys are, you're toast. Yeah. You're in trouble. And that was his last act as as a living person.


Yeah. He was succeeded by one of his son oga, Who took that stuff all the way to Europe. Oh yeah. Like he was the, he had a bunch of sons. And I guess we might as well talk about his lineage. It's very famously the Genghis Khan. I mean, what is it like one of every 200 men, Something like 0.5% of the total global population is directly descended from him. That's Amazing. It's amazing. And gross. That's a lot of people. Yeah. He was about 65 ish when he died. And no one knows where he is buried. No.


Because they killed everyone on the way to the, the funeral. This one. And then also they rode over his, his grave with Horses. I looked up have, do you ever go on Quora? Sure. Every now and then It's, it's great man. Yeah. Like you can, you can usually tell who knows what they're talking about. Yeah. Of the answers to multiple and frequently it's, most of the people, it's, it is a very, it's a good serious, like it's a good place to get info that you should then go double check. Yeah. But agreed though, it's not like the old days of what was the terrible one years and years ago where you would ask a question, Yahoo Questions.


Yeah, Probably. Or Yahoo is Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. There and there are a lot of platforms like this. Yeah. This is a pretty good, it's not corrupt yet. How about that? Yeah. I think Cora is pretty good actually. So I went on Cora, this one's you can't really look up. But this one guy, two people, like the question was, why was Gingis con buried in secret? I think, and two people said they didn't want his grave robbed. Makes sense. They wanted to make sure that the transfer of power to his son was complete. So they had to keep his death a secret. That makes sense. Yada yada. This one guy said, don't be idiots. He was a little arrogant, but he said like, don't be idiots. Genghis Khan was a shamanistic person.


Religiously, fervent. Yeah. He would've gone one of two ways. They would've cremated him and just spread his ashes or they would've done a sky burial. Remember we talked about those before? Oh, sure. Where they just left him on the mountainside for the vultures to pick over. Yeah. It, it wouldn't have buried him with grave goods. He would've been embarrassed with that. So he's the only person I saw say something like that. But it, it gave me pause, it made me wonder if, if the, the hidden grave is just, you know, a just a more lore. Yeah. About Genghis Khan and off the mark. Interesting. Yeah. Well, his legacy looms large still. Not only in his, his lineage from his loins, His overactive loin just leaching out goop.


But depending on who you're talking to. Well, he definitely did some things. He opened up trade. Right. The, the West got things like noodles and tea and playing cards. He perhaps founded the, the very first version of what would later be a post office with his, what was it called? The Yam? Yeah. Like a pony express. Yeah. Like it was just different stations. The Pony Express. Yeah. Like straight up. But like 600 years before the Pony Express. Yeah, exactly. But depending on who you're talking to, some people lay almost all of modern warfare at his feet. Yeah. Which is Sort of interesting.


'cause you can sort of draw a line back to his tactics that eventually would become the crusades or the, the slaughtering of the Aztecs and the Incas. Yeah. So they say Like, they would learn from him and then do that. Right. Because the, it was more that cultural conveyor belt that he Yeah. Right. So they say that he conquered the Qua empire, came in contact with, with Islam and taught them ferocity, which the Europeans learned during the crusade. And they took that ferocity back to Europe and then eventually to the New World, which they used on the Native Americans they found there. And somebody said, no, the Europeans were already well versed in ferocity and brutality and warfare.


Yeah. They didn't need to learn it from Genghis Khan. That doesn't mean that's wrong. Right. But it does, it it, the suggestion that the Europeans were naive to brutality and warfare is, is in incorrect. Well, it's complete bs. And the, the author of that article also makes a good point. And like, you can't, you can't look and judge him by today's lens. He wasn't any more brutal than anyone else back then. It was just the number. Yeah. He just did it better. That to me though. So I guess then maybe my problem is, is like celebrating people who've killed tons of people. Yeah. Like that's what I have a problem at at base. Sure. It, Julie's a great man, great man history. you know, it bugs me.


It Bugs me too. We didn't come, we didn't come across that way, did we? Celebrating Him just, just, just by carrying on the tradition of talking about this guy. And you know, there's, you definitely keep his, his little flame burning. Well, and there's a what, 150 foot statue of him. Yeah. Like he's still very much revered. Well, let's talk About that. Like If, you were in Mongolia right now. You're probably pretty mad at me and Chuck apologies for that. We're really, it's the great man history thing we have a problem with. But in Mongolia, he is known as the founder of Mongolia. Yeah. The, the great, basically the great, the greatest leader Mongolia's ever known and possibly the world if you're a Mongolian.


And during that, during the Soviet occupation of Mongolia, you were not allowed to talk about him. Yeah. They like took him out of history books. Yeah. Because they were trying to stamp out any kind of nationalism in Mongolia at the time. Yeah. So the moment the Soviets left, the Soviet Union dissolved, they were like Genghis Khan, Genghis Khan Genghis Khan. Yeah. They built a statue of him. They named him an airport after him. They put him on currency. So he's definitely revered over there. but I think that that art, the, the author of the article, I think his name's Frank McLin, I'm almost positive. It's A really good article. Yeah, it's great. Frank McLin, he wrote this wonderful article called The Brutal Brilliance of Gingis Kahn.


But he, he points out like whatever you think of the guy, even if he was the same as his contemporaries and it still seems alien to you. Yeah. Like think about your own leaders. Your own leaders send people to, to to die on the battlefield too. Yeah. And they're revered as well. Sure. For causes that aren't not noble. Right. So the, the, the point is, is I guess don't hate on Genghis Khan hate, hate the game Not the player. Right. I guess so. Wow. Boy, this guy took a deep left turn, didn't it? Well it is interesting. Yeah. You could talk about this dude forever. Yeah. He also makes the point too that the, the Mongols were what he called culturally unbalanced.


So he's like, you know, at least the Europeans while they were slaughtering and killing were giving us the divine comedy and Carmina Bana and these great cathedrals and operas. Whereas the Mongols were just barbarian Raiders and butchers All slaughter no substance. That's a T-shirt. Yeah. Very famously too, in the movies, king Kahn was played twice. Once by John Wayne. Yep. Believe it or not, in the, and then Omar Sharif. Okay. Said Egyptian also not close to Mongolian. Right.


I don't know if that's better or worse than John Wayne. It's probably the same. I think it's worse or no Better. Better. Well now it'll be Hugh Jackman. No, I think Hollywood's changed somewhat but like five years ago they would've been like, what about Jason Momoa Or Matt Damon put one of those foo man chew mustaches on him, But they just picked Momoa 'cause like he looks tough. Who's he? And he looks sort of ethnic. He's the guy that plays Aquaman. Ah, I gotcha. And is on Very versatile ethnically. He's A Game of Thrones probably. But, and I even looked up Mongolian American actors to see if there was anyone out there who they could tap into. And I don't think there are a lot of them. Oh, okay. So probably have to be some, some good unknown.


So speaking of looking like a Mongolian. Okay. Okay. Got one last thing. are you done? Oh, I'm done. The Mongolians were really, really good at propaganda. And one of the ways that they showed this was in Iran, in modern day Iran, the qua qua man empire. When they subjugated it, one of the things they did, they said, we are, we don't have an alphabet, we don't write things down, but you guys do And. we wanna put that to good use. You have great artists, we want you to do a history of the, the Mongols. And the scribe said, sure, we'll do that And, we want you to do a history of the world.


All the great leaders in the world, all the great civilizations in the world, we want you to do those. So they did, they built this, they wrote this huge compendium, a universal history of the world. But the Mongols had them illustrate, like illuminate the text. And they had them, whenever they drew a leader or a conqueror or an army, they drew them as Mongols. Oh, interesting. So they insinuated themselves into history as basically the, the progenitors of all greatness and thus justified the subjugation of this area. Wow. And they did it through propaganda.


They had like all that like copied, you know, hand copied and distributed as widely as they could. Wow. Isn't that interesting? Yeah. There you go. That's it. Alright. If, you wanna know more about Mongolia or Gingis Khan or any of that stuff. You can type those words into the search bar, how stuff works. Pick a A book you dingus And since Chuck said that, it's time for listener mail. Hey guys, recently listened to the show about bearing Ferrari. I wanna share another cool story about an almost buried car in 2013 Brazilian billionaire. Count Chin Qing Ho Scarpa made headlines when he announced he wanted to bury his $500,000 Bentley.


Oh my. Like the Pharaohs did with their precious possessions. So he could supposedly ride around the afterlife and style, attracted tons of press and social media buzz with many people outraged. He would do something so selfish on the day of the burial, tons of Brazilian press and media crews show up to his house to see him bury his Bentley. But moments before the car is lowered in the ground, the count pulls a major plot twist and announces he won't be bearing the car. And he reveals his true intention to create awareness for organ donation. Wow. 'cause people are buried with something valuable, their organs. And it was all a stunt and a use of social media and buzz marketing create awareness for organ Donations.


That is fantastic man. What a cool guy. Really interesting. Anyway guys, a big fan of your show. Learned a lot from your stories over the years. I wanted to take this chance to share this cool story with you and that is from Kate Miller, who's looking forward to more stories. Yeah, thanks a lot Kate. I definitely had not heard about that. It's a good one. If, you wanna let us know a cool story, we want to hear it. You can send us all an email to stuff podcast@howstuffworks.com. And as always, join us at our home on the web Stuff You Should Know dot com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio visit the iHeartRadio app.


apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Residents at BrightView Senior, Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dulles Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Wanna know how to leverage culture to build a successful business? Then Butters is the podcast for you. I'm your host, Brandon Butler, founder and CEO of butter, a TL. And on butters we go deep with today's most influential entrepreneurs, innovators, and business leaders to peel back the layers on how they use culture as a driving force in their business. Omics will give you what you need to take your game to the next level. Listen to Omics on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


There's something different about the conversations we have late at night. They often spin off in strange and wonderful directions. So what if those laid back conversations were with some of the biggest musicians in the world? Midnight Chats has already welcomed Tame Imp Parlor, Charlie XCX, mark Ronson, fin Staples, and many more. Join, me, Stuart Stubbs, and me Greg Cochrane as we talk to our favorite musicians about the things they don't normally talk about. Listen to the new series of Midnight on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your favorite shows.