
Brought to you by the Capital One Venture X Card. Earn unlimited two x miles on everything you buy and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus, receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel. Unlock a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X Card. What's in your wallet terms, Apply Lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.


The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer, making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new car, like a legendary Camry built for performance and available with all wheel drive. You can count on your new Camry to get you anywhere you need to go. Or check out an affordable and reliable Corolla with a trim for every lifestyle. From the hip sedan to the sporty hatchback, there's a Corolla built just for you. Check out more national sales event deals when you visit Buy a toyota.com. Toyota, let's go places.


Hello friends, it's Josh, and for this week's select, I've chosen our September, 2020 episode on Frances Perkins. If you haven't heard of her, that's okay. She's one of the most unsung Americans ever and was even left out of the history books for a while, all because she was a woman. Check out this episode where Frances Perkins gets her due. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark and there's Charles w Chuck mc Bryant. And this is Stuff You Should Know, the amazing Unsung Woman edition Volume two at least.


Oh, more than two. What, what number would you say then? I don't Know, but I tell you what, If you want to take a vote on maybe one of the most undersung while at the same time being most influential Americans to ever live Neil Diamond, you'd Be Oh, he was very sung. I know, I, I'm, I'm not a big fan. Anyway, You would be hard pressed to overlook Ms. Perkins. Yeah, Ms. Frances Perkins Totally agree. Had never heard her name before. Had never even known she existed. But yeah, the more you dig into it, the more you just like it was almost a crime that this, this woman was virtually written out of the history books.


Yeah. And If you are one of those people who was unfortunate to not be able to work right now during quarantine and the, the effects of COVID-19, and you are not lucky enough, but you know, deservedly enough receiving unemployment insurance, you can thank Frances Perkins for that. That's right. And every single person who's getting a check as measly as they've gotten lately is getting one because of this system that Frances Perkins set up. And what's really, I think, worth noting too, is this ex, this is exactly the kind of situation that she got this passed for that she helped design this for.


Totally. Because there's a quote I, I can't remember exactly where her quote was, but to, to paraphrase it, it's basically like we need to, we need to always keep our eye on the long term and plan for the worst case scenario that while yes, there's A lot of immediate needs that we need, but there's always going to be something that comes down the road. And if we're, we have planned for it, we're way better off. Just imagine how disastrous it would be on top of the current disaster if there wasn't such a thing as unemployment insurance. And this is how we found out that we really kind of need it. Yeah. It it would be dark ages stuff in this country. Yeah. So If you have gotten your unemployment insurance check And it has helped you thank Frances Perkins somehow.


Yeah. And we want to thank How Stuff works. It's where part of this research come came from and some other places. But notably, And I don't wanna shout this out because this is a library intern at the FDR library who wrote a, a paper called Honoring the Achievements of FDR Secretary of Labor, Jessica Brightman. This is really good stuff. And, and she's a library intern and we want to shout her out. Yeah, she did great. Or she was at the time. I imagine she's moved on from that internship After, after she turned that SA in, you bet you your pipi. She did. So Frances Perkins was born Fannie Coli Perkins in Boston in 1880, but her relatives and her ancestors came from Maine.


And it's kind of funny here at the beginning of this how stuff works thing, it says she's so undersung, the even residents of her hometown of Damer Scott of Maine didn't seem familiar with her legacy. I think that says more about Maine. Right? They're like, oh, we don't need to help her put on heirs. Well, than just like, you know, I don't ask, I don't tell, I just don't. I gotcha. Whatever she lived here. Great. Good for her. I want to say also before the residents of Newcastle bust a, a vein in their forehead, she's also cited as a native of Newcastle, Maine. Oh, okay. And they're right across the De DeMar River. Oh boy. From one another. I think she's from Newcastle.


That's My guess. So is this like a Adidas Puma thing? Maybe. Maybe. Except imagine if neither town knew what shoes were. That would be a pretty accurate analogy. Oh boy. I love the Mainers. So she, yeah, she was, she came from really, like, died in the wool Yankee stock. Her family came over, I think in the 1680s. Her, she had like a, her family out had built an outpost during the French Indian War. Her grandmother who had more of an influence on her, she said than anybody had a, a cousin who she was close to who founded Howard University and fought for the rights of newly freed African Americans.


She came from like a long line of people who like cared Yeah. About other people. And yet surprisingly, her parents were very conservative. They were in favor of, you know, helping the poor, but not mingling with them, helping 'em, like helping 'em by like, you know, sending some money or something like that. Okay. And they produced a child, Fannie Francis, she changed her name I think in, I don't know, her twenties or thirties. She, she was the opposite way. She was like, no, like, like people are people and they all deserve help and there's A lot of injustice in this world And I want to change it myself.


And she's one of those people who actually did enact tremendous change for all the right reasons. Yeah. She said, people are people, so why should it be You And I should get along so awfully. Which one was that? Depe Mode. Depeche Mode. I can't, oh Baby. Hey, that's Emily's Jam. I mean, she would, she probably has that tattooed on her body somewhere. And in fact we're both doing that. You're like, it's none of my business. We're both doing that. That silly. And I never do these things on Facebook, but I have time now the top 10 most influential albums. And I was like, which one are you gonna pick New Order or Depeche Mode for her? 'cause that's a, that's a tough one.


Well, I mean, can't, she's got 10 to choose from, right? Yeah. But I think for her, those two are so inextricably tied that it was one or the other. I gotcha. And She went Depeche mode 'cause they were first and thus probably more influential. Depeche Mode was before New Order, huh? Yes. I mean, technically If you count New Order as an out outcropping of Joy division, then they were first. Oh, so, well, joy Division was different though. It was pretty different. Different enough that they might as well be two different bands, Which they were, You know, who we need to, to, to give us the judgment call. Who is Frances Perkins? Who, who apparently would not have enjoyed our banter.


She was very much known as like a, A doer. Yeah. Serious woman. But from what I can tell, that's actually a public persona that she wore to get men to take her seriously. Yeah. Well, who can blame her? Because we'll see later on about her. It's no accident that she's lost a history in many ways. Yeah. But what she was also was highly educated. She graduated from Mount Holyoke in 1902, where she majored in chemistry and physics. Yeah. Even though she made her name in economics, which is means she was a very well-rounded human and had a, a very large brain.


And apparently she had made it all the way through college. And in her senior year, I think she attended an economics lecture by Florence Kelly, who was a huge wage justice crusader. And that just changed her life. Yeah. Big time In 19, this is post-college. She went to Philly and she became General Secretary of the Philadelphia Research and Pro Protective Association. Where, What did she do there? Well, she was in charge of investigating employment agencies that were fake And that preyed on women, immigrant women specifically. And she had to sort of deal with the, the dregs of society in that job and did so very successfully and then decided she wanted to keep her education going.


So while she was in Philly, she went to the Wharton School of Finance and Commerce at the University of Pennsylvania. Because that's super easy in light learning. Right. And then after that, she went to Columbia where she earned ma in Social economics in 1910. And we should say like she's getting all of this schooling, but at the same time she's also set herself off on a, what's that like Learn while you Work program called Internship? No, I guess so. That's not exactly what I'm looking for. But yeah, I mean, it makes sense. So she set herself up on a real world internship program. So while she was in Philly working for that, that bureau she was in investigating those, those fake employment rackets.


Like she was on the ground doing this stuff like cre carrying out these inspections, investigating factories, like taking notes and like In her early twenties. Yeah. Basically, yeah. While she's studying this stuff, she's also out doing and seeing the stuff firsthand that she's learning about, which, from what I can tell, she really kind of digested and held onto And it just kept driving her for the rest of her life. What she saw. I think that's called the School of Hard knocks. It Is. But she enrolled in the Wharton School and the school of hard knocks at the same time, which is pretty impressive. That's right. And after Columbia, after she got that master's for two years, she served as executive secretary of the Consumers League of New York.


And this is where she really felt her life calling to improve wages, improve working con conditions, because this was 1910 through 1912. And things weren't great in factories at the time. We, we could do a podcast on, I don't know what the focus would be necessarily 'cause we've done labor unions, but just Labor conditions would Be Yeah. Maybe so Eye-opening. But there's, she did she, this is one of the things she did. There's very few more depressing words than these strung together. She improved working conditions for children.


Yeah. That was one of the things she did. I know. And that was at the Consumers League of New York. And she got there and was like, yes, I've, I've achieved my, one of my first goals, which is working directly with the same Florence Kelly who gave that economics lecture that changed her life years before Mount Holyoke. That's right. Yeah. So she was one of those ones who said, I want to do this, and then would do it and then would move on to the next thing. Yeah. She wouldn't stand around and wait for the statue to be built in her honor. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. So we take a Break. Yes. All right, we're gonna take a break and talk about a pretty devastating fire in New York City that changed the course of her life right after this.


Hey everyone. We're brought to you today by the Capital One Quicksilver Card. Earn unlimited 1.5% cash back on every purchase everywhere. Plus there's no limit to the amount of cash back you can earn. And rewards don't expire for the life of the account. It's that simple. The Capital One quick silver card. What's in your wallet terms Apply. See Capital One dot com for details.


Hey everyone, right now there are millions of college students in schools across the country. And even for the best of students, there's still plenty of uncertainty when it comes to the future. Yeah. So that's what makes the at and t Rising Future Makers program so special. It's this annual contest where at and t Selects 25 HBCU students to receive all kinds of support. Like $5,000, 5G enabled tablet and career development opportunities. That's Right. And this kind of help, this access to these door opening connections, it can truly make a huge difference in these young people's lives at a moment when they're still trying to figure out where their paths are going to take them. And on November 25th at and t announced the 2024 class of rising future makers. And all 25 winners have been invited to kick off their journeys with a trip to at and t's Dallas headquarters. So good luck to this year's at and t Rising Future Makers. We look Forward to hearing incredible things from you all in the near future. Connecting changes everything. At and t.


Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a renewed commitment to progress. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of trucks in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out the ultra rugged new Tacoma built for off-road adventure or everyday practicality or test drive a heavy duty ton Tundra decked out with modern tech and comfort with a haul anything attitude. And both Tacoma and Tundra are available with the I Force Max Hybrid powertrain, giving your truck more power than ever before. Quality, reliability, efficiency, that's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Take your holiday hosting from last minute to just in time. Discover how convenient shopping IKEA can be with a variety of delivery and pickup services. Holiday hosting can be a hustle, but they've got your back. Try ikea's. Click and collect service. An easy way to grab your holiday favorites. Simply use, click and collect while shopping online and select the best date and time that works for you to pick up at the store. Need last minute inspiration or hosting needs? No problem. Let them do the heavy lifting with their affordable delivery options. Taking the hassle out of your shopping Holidays are about family and the IKEA family members. Enjoy free shipping on small orders over $50, got unexpected guests. IKEA has everything you need to ensure everyone feels right at home. Scoring your holiday favorites has never been easier. Enjoy more ways to shop Ikea, including click and collect, small order shipping and more. Discover hassle-free solutions to owning this season. And celebrate the holidays your way with ikea. Discover how convenient shopping IKEA can be. Shop now.


Stop. What fire Chuck, I'm talking about the triangle shirt. Waist fire in Manhattan. Sort of near Washington Square Park in Greenwich. Right next to Washington Square Park. Yeah. In Greenwich Village. I think it's an NYU building though. It is. And I tried to pinpoint if that was the building where I actually had my film classes. Was it? I don't know. I can't quite tell. We gotta note Chuck. I'll see if I can find out. But it, A shirt waist was a, a woman's blouse is what they called it at the time. And this was a factory that made women's blouses. If you worked there, you were probably a young woman, you might be an immigrant, you would work about 52 hours a week.


Oh, I saw 12 hours a day, seven days a week. What does that math turn out to? Let's see, 7,720. Wait, I can't do math out loud. Well, Let's say between 52 and 80 hours a week. No, no, it was way more than that. 12 times 7 84. Yeah, That's what I said. 84 hours a week. But like even that doesn't sound that big. 12 hour days, seven days a week just to keep your job. Right. So I saw 52, either way they made between seven and $12 a week making these blouses for women, which Was not good even back then.


Yeah, it wasn't good. And because this was a factory in New York in 1911, they had the doors locked, they had the staircases locked. They thought it prevented theft. If you remember what happened to locked doors and stairwells in our hotel fire episode. The same thing happened here on March 25th, 1911 when the triangle shirt waist fire started because they think of a, of a mattress cigarette butt thrown into a waist bin. Yeah. And it just, you know, everything in there was flammable practically that wasn't metal. 'cause of all these fabrics like highly flammable, it went up really quick. It's one of the deadliest us workplace disasters of all time.


To this day, four a hundred forty six workers died. 123 of which were women and girls between the ages of, generally between 14 and 23. The oldest was 43, but that was kind of an outlier. And 62 of those people jumped to their death in front of full view of New York City, including Francis Perkins Right in front of Frances Perkins. She didn't jump to her death. No, no, no. So she, yeah, she's literally witnessing one of the turning points in history as it happens, seeing women, teenage girls jump out of the ninth floor of this building 'cause it's on fire.


And not only is she witnessing a fire that will change history, she is one of the people that will force history to change because of this fire. The i, the the, the fate or the destiny that that, that put her a block away from this fire when it happened is it's just astounding to me that she was there because she went on to be one of the people who said, this is never going to happen again. Yeah. And under her watch, it basically didn't, it was the worst that it ever got. And it never got that bad again because of the, the, the safeguards. She forced the state and then later on other states in the federal government to adopt.


Yeah. I mean she was already kind of headed down this road anyway. She was already part of the New York State factory investigating commission. And because of this fire, which she, I don't think we said she was just having tea across the park there, ran over and saw this, one of the things she saw that at one point there were 20 people that had managed to get out a window onto a, a fire escape. One of those tiny little flimsy New York fire escapes. And that all 20 of those people, the thing collapsed and they all fell to their a hundred feet to their death right in front of her face. Oh God. Yeah. We need to do an entire episode on that, at the very least. Just to, to shame the two owners who's who were just totally responsible for all those deaths.


Yeah, absolutely. But this was sort of just the way it was. I mean, not absolving them, but she saw this as part of the bigger problem. Not like these two owners are responsible, but she was like, it was an indictment of the system. Yeah, it was. But at the same time, those guys were particularly nasty examples of the system. They weren't, they weren't average by any means from what I understand. No, but what was average was the fact that they didn't have fire codes. And she's the person that brought that in. By the time she was in her early thirties, she had called for and successfully called for exit signs, occupancy limits, sprinklers, fire escapes, unlocked doors and stairwells, how wide the doorways had to be, depending on your factory floor.


Like all these sort of common sense things like A lot of people saw this stuff happen and, and, and saw this incident that day and were horrified. But Francis Perkins said, Nope, I'm gonna change it. I'm a woman in 1911 and I'm in my early thirties, but I'm gonna make this happen. And she did. She did. She was appointed to the New York Committee on Safety under the recommendation of Teddy Roosevelt, which says A lot because that means she'd already made a name for herself in her twenties in New York City politics to, to the point where Teddy Roosevelt would say like, you really kind of need this woman on there. And then let's not forget the fact that he, that operative word here was woman. Yeah. As far as society was concerned at the time.


And this, this legislation that she got passed through in New York, or that she helped get passed through in New York, like I was saying, it became a model for other states and then eventually the federal fire codes because of this, because of, of, largely because of her efforts. And she, she made a name for herself. She'd already made a name for herself, but this really kind of helped cement her name. And she started working closely with a guy named Alfred e Smith, who was an assemblyman that's so close from New York. Right. But he, she won his respect pretty easily. I think they worked on this New York committee on safety together.


And so when he became governor, she kind of rose along with him. Yeah. She was appointed by him to New York State's Industrial Commission, which made her the first woman to be appointed to a state government position in the country. And with her $8,000 salary, she was the highest paid woman to hold any office in the United States at the time. So she became important pretty quick, but she became important to everybody. This is really important to remember by hard work and heart, which is a, a just a wonderful combination. Like amazing things happen in in from people who have that combination. Yeah. And she, she ingratiated herself to these male politicians a couple of different important times in her life.


And the first one was Alfred e Smith, like you were saying. So she rose along with him because he knew, he was like, man, I don't care if she's a woman or not, she works harder than anyone I know and she gets the job done, so I'm just gonna bring her along with me. And Not, just, not just works harder. She was known as a policy expert about worker safety and wage justice by this time too. Well, yeah. I mean, I talked about her very large brain and her higher education. She was super, super smart. Like I said, she majored in chemistry and physics, even though her real love was econ econ. So it's like, are you kidding me? No, we're not kidding at all, Chuck. No, it's very much true.


So, so like you were saying, she first kind of rose to prominence with Alfred e Smith, who, from what I can tell, I didn't get to research him very much, but the stuff that I ran across the references to him, he seemed like a genuine, like true believer crusader I justice, social justice as well. Yeah. So they were like a good, a good pair and he made it as far as New York governor, he ran for president and didn't win. And when he didn't win, he, I guess lost the governorship and was succeeded by Franklin Delano Roosevelt. And so Roosevelt came in, came into power in New York as the governor of New York, and Frances Perkins was already there.


And it had already built up a reputation and Roosevelt recognized the kind of person she was pretty quickly. 'cause A lot of people are, you know, you, you can give A lot of credit or A lot of vilification to, to Roosevelt for his New deal policies, depending on your political stripes. But If you, you know, If you admire him for it, And I think most people should, he, it wasn't just him. One of his great talents was to recognize talent in others. Yeah. And to bring those people together and then enact policies based on their expertise and their recommendations. And one of those people was Frances Perkins starting when he was governor of New York, and then also when he became president too.


Yeah. So when he came into his governorship, she had already been named and was the, the chairperson called it a chairman back then in 1926 of the state industrial board. She was doing a great job there. And then in 1929, FDR appointed her as the industrial commissioner of the State of New York. And what happens, the stock market crashes, the Great Depression hits America like a punch in the face. And she was the one who stepped in and got in his ear and said, you know what, like I know that we have to to feed people right now and we have really immediate needs. But like you mentioned earlier in the episode, she thought about the, the big picture and long-term goals.


She said, we need to really take swift action here. So with her help, they created a committee unemployment, he appointed her the head of that. And then when he was elected president in 1933, he said, you know what, I'm gonna appoint you to be my secretary of Labor. That was huge. I've been working with you for 20 years. I trust you and you're gonna do a great job. And the public roundly said, what a woman in the cabinet, They really did, I mean, mean like she, she was the first cabinet, first woman to serve as a cabinet member. I mean, women had just gotten the right to vote about 13, 12, or 13 years before. So dude, she Couldn't vote till she was 40.


I Know. Isn't that crazy? And and yet she held public, public appointed offices and still couldn't vote, But wasn't allowed to vote for her boss, essentially. Right, exactly. Yeah. So it was a really big deal that that FDR appointed a woman as a, into a cabinet position and an important cabinet position too. I mean, like, it's not like there's any necessarily unimportant cabinet positions, but Secretary of Labor is pretty big. Yeah. Especially then Especially yeah. Especially then. Right. And especially, you know, at a time when this, this emerging superpower took, took a huge punch in the face and got knocked on its butt like the rest of the world by the Great Depression. This was important stuff that they were trying to figure out on the fly.


But he, he chose a really, a really great person who wasn't really accepted at first. Not just by the public, but by virtually anybody. The labor unions weren't happy she was there because she had a background in social work and policy, not Oh yeah. Labor. Oh, that scared them to death. Yes. But she eventually won 'em over just by virtue of what she did. Like the labor movement was on the ropes at the time. The progressive era ran from I think 1890 to about 1920. So by the time 19 29, 19 30 comes around, it's, it's dying off the, the labor movement. But under her leadership as the Department of Labor secretary, she revived it.


And, and by the time she either died or left office, I can't remember, I think a third of all Americans were members of unions. Yeah. And, and, and pre the union stuff like kind of right after the Great Depression hit, one of the first things they did together was created the Civilian Conservation Corps, the CCC, which was a really big success. One of the big early successes of the New Deal in that they said, you know what, we have all this, we have this workforce of these unskilled, unmarried men and let's get these guys working in conservation. We have these, this vast areas of rural land and natural resources and let's send these guys out there to work on this stuff.


And they did. And it provided a ton of jobs to the civilian Conservation Corps. It did. And it also helped to reinforce and build out America's infrastructure too. 'cause they had all this labor that the government was putting to work doing it. Right? Yes. So she was in charge of overseeing that. And one of the, one of the other, I guess the next big thing, I think it was before social security, was something called the Wagner Act. And the Wagner Act gave, Oh, I think you mean the Wagner Act? The, the, the, the Wagner Wagner Act, depending on your persuasion, it gave workers the right to unionize and the right to collectively bargain.


Yeah. And one of her roles was to go out and promote this stuff, not just to, you know, other members of the government or members of industry, but to individual Americans too. So in 1933 alone, she gave a hundred different policy speeches in just that one year on New Deal projects promoting 'em. And one of the speeches she gave, I don't know if it was in that year or not, but she went to Homestead, Pennsylvania right across the river from Pittsburgh where Carnegie Steel was headquartered. And she was going to inform these workers about their newly won rights through the Wagner Act and Carnegie Steel. And the local government would not give her any place to hold this, this meeting.


They wouldn't give the Secretary of Labor a place to talk to voters. So she, and there's apparently a famous picture of her leading all of these steel workers on foot to a post office. She's like, oh, I can think of a place where I can assemble legally. And that is the post office. So she gave her speech on the grounds of the homestead post office to thousands of steel workers informing them that they could legally unionize and and bargain collectively for workers' rights. That's amazing. I feel like if, I feel like we had to have talked about her in our unions episode and if we didn't, shame on us, but also shame on the fact that she probably didn't pop up in our research, which is one of the problems Mostly.


Yeah. Mostly the second one. Alright, so I'm gonna pass that buck. Right. The buck Stops over there. Well, we're making up for it now. Either way. Okay, Chuck. So we were saying at the outset that If you got an unemployment check, thank Frances Perkins, or If you ever get an unemployment check, If you even like the idea of the fact that an unemployment insurance policy is out there for you in case you ever need it. Thank Frances Perkins. And the reason you fi thank Frances Perkins is because she basically oversaw the creation of the legislation that became the Social Security Act of 1935. And when I say oversaw the, the, the creation of that legislation, like she, that was it.


She was the head of this cabinet level committee that was assigned the task of coming up with a, a social insurance policy, a social safety net for the country. And they came up with this within six months, this full policy report. And within two days of delivering the report, FDR turned around and unveiled the social security program idea to Congress. And another six months or so later, maybe eight passed into law. Yeah. And boy, we should do one on social security at some point. I agree. I I think we have, man, I'm almost, almost positive.


Oh yeah. It really rings a bell. Lemme go ahead. I'm looking at it. Well, no, I'm gonna have our little, our assistant over here. Check that. Can you go and check on that? Okay. They're on it. Who is Tommy Chong? Like we've ever had anyone that worked for us. Right. That's the funny thing is when we get emails over the years, they're like, well to Josh and Chuck and Jerry or whoever on your staff is reading this, it's like, yeah. It's pretty much us. Yeah. Well we're we're reading these emails while we're having to sweep up the studio. Well I, I wanna be fair, to be fair, we work for a, a big podcasting network and there are A lot of people that help us get stuff out in the world, but we have never had like a Stuff You Should Know, staff of eight people who no only work for us in research for us and all that stuff.


And I feel like it really shows in the podcast. I Feel like I'm glad you said that 'cause it felt like I was patting ourselves on the back for a second there. No, the Opposite of that. But you dashed that very fast. Sure. Self-deprecation, Chuck. That's our specialty. That's right.


Hey everyone. We're brought to you today by the Capital One Quicksilver card. Earn unlimited 1.5% cash back on every purchase everywhere. Plus there's no limit to the amount of cash back you can earn. And rewards don't expire for the life of the account. It's that simple. The Capital One quick silver card. What's in your wallet terms Apply. See Capital One dot com for details.


Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations from pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. With each innovation, a renewed commitment to progress. And with Toyota's legendary lineup of trucks in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out the ultra rugged new Tacoma built for off-road adventure or everyday practicality or test drive a heavy duty half T Tundra decked out with modern tech and comfort with a whole anything attitude. And both Tacoma and Tundra are available with the I Force Max Hybrid powertrain giving your truck more power than ever before. Quality, reliability, efficiency, that's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Take your holiday hosting from last minute to just in time. Discover how convenient shopping IKEA can be with a variety of delivery and pickup services. Holiday hosting can be a hustle, but they've got your back. Try ikea's, click and collect service. An easy way to grab your holiday favorites. Simply use, click and collect while shopping online and select the best date and time that works for you to pick up at the store. Need last minute inspiration or hosting needs? No problem. Let them do the heavy lifting with their affordable delivery options. Taking the hassle out of your shopping holidays are about family and the IKEA family members. Enjoy free shipping on small orders over $50, got unexpected guests. IKEA has everything you need to ensure everyone feels right at home. Scoring your holiday favorites has never been easier. Enjoy more ways to shop Ikea, including click and collect small order shipping and more. Discover hassle-free solutions to owning this season and celebrate the holidays your way with ikea. Discover how convenient shopping IKEA can be. Shop now


Every holiday season starts with the best of intentions. Make that homemade pie. Get all your holiday shopping done early, but then life gets in the way. Don't feel bad. It happens to everyone. And luckily you've got DoorDash. That's right. Like your secret holiday helper. DoorDash has you covered on gifts, groceries and dinner for tonight. DoorDash makes it so easy. You may even feel a little guilty, but you know, no one needs to know your pie was really store-bought or that that thoughtful gift arrived just minutes before your guest did. Yep. And now through the 24th, DoorDash has big deals running for the holidays from Best Buy, Ulta Beauty, Wingstop, Aldi, and more. You can save money and the holidays all with DoorDash, whether you tell people is up to you, DoorDash your door to more use code stuff. Joy 24 for 50% off your first order, maximum $10 off orders of $15 or more. The offer ends December 26th, 2024. One promo per order, not valid for orders containing alcohol in terms supply.


So social security, what we're talking about in general, everyone knows what this is, is basically a system where younger hardy people working hard in this country help out older people, retired people, perhaps disabled people, people that have had work related accidents, people Who wear funny hats, people Who wear funny hats and, and pay into this system that ideally, and you know, we're not gonna get into the weeds here, that that would come on our Social Security podcast. But ideally then when you are old or in need, then you have that same money waiting for you because of the younger generation and the younger workforce.


Right. That's the brilliance of the whole thing is it's a transfer payment system to where you are directly funding the people who have retired now. But it's on the premise that people behind you are going to fund into this to support you later on. Right. It's beautiful. It's a genius idea. And apparently FDR sent her Frances Perkins to study the British system of unemployment insurance even before he was president, back when he was governor of New York. And he became the first public official to commit to developing an unemployment insurance plan. And it was at the persistent behest of Frances Perkins that he did that.


Yeah. And it's not like, I mean, he, he didn't run for office with Social security on his list of things to do. Well yeah. That's the thing A lot of people say, like if it weren't for her no joke, this stuff probably wouldn't exist. Yeah. Certainly not in the form that it does now. And that's not necessarily fair. There are, like, there were programs that had like social security type programs among the states, including unemployment programs, but they were ad hoc, they were patchwork. Most states didn't have 'em. And it's the kind of the, the, the, the beauty of this, the federal program is they're basically like, okay, states do this, but we're going to oversee it and organize it and and help fund it.


Yeah. And it's not like I was saying that all the F FDR r was like not a champion of it or was just lazy. He was, he had a bunch of stuff going on and he had a bunch of irons in the fire. So he needed her to come in and say, Hey listen, this is all great 'cause we're in a, in a, a tragic situation right now. Like we're trying to put out a fire, but what I wanna do is make sure another fire doesn't happen in the future. Yes. And that was like her whole thing. Like, we do need to make sure that people get peanut butter sandwiches because their families are gonna starve. Like, yes, these immediate needs have to be met, but we also simultaneously have to plan for the future too. It was, it was just this persistent drum that she beat.


Like, we're going to continue to have problems, let's plan for 'em now. Like the level of visionary this in this, in this person was, you just don't see that. I can't think of too many other people who've come and gone in the federal government in the United States at least that had that level of, I guess, awareness of looking down the line that far rather than just, you know, four years out or to the next election. Yeah. And she also, you know, we talked about some of the things she did earlier in terms of, of her career in terms of fair labor practices, but once she was Secretary of Labor, she had real teeth to make real change. And during her tenure, she helped craft the Fair Labor Standards Act.


She helped establish minimum wage laws, maximum work hours laws. And she finally said, you know what, maybe we shouldn't make labor for children better. Maybe we should not bring our children to work and make them work. Yeah. So let's just get rid of child labor altogether. And you can make the case, Chuck, that she is the woman who gave America's kids the concept of a childhood. Yeah. At the very least, she extended it by many, many years. Totally. I've got another amazing fact about her. She, I believe is the first cabinet member who congress ever sought to impeach. Oh really? Yes. I'm almost positive.


That's correct. I know that they did try to impeach her and they, they failed in the impeachment, not just the conviction. She, they couldn't get enough support for articles of impeachment, but it was because she refused to deport a, an Australian longshoreman who'd successfully organized a general strike in San Francisco. And the anti-communist elements in Congress suspected that this guy was a, a communist and wanted him out. And she said, you know, I don't think very highly of this guy. I, I don't really agree with A lot of what he stands for, but I don't think that you have really good evidence And I think this is all retaliation for the strike you organized, so I'm not gonna deport 'em.


And you might say, well, what did this lady have to do with deporting? Apparently back in the day, the immigration, the power of immigration or control of immigration was up to the, the Department of Labor. So the Secretary of Labor was also in charge of immigration, which really kind of gives you an idea of where America's immigration policies, you know, where their mind was at. Yeah. That it was about importing, you know, good, good, good workers or also controlling who came in to keep competition for jobs down. Totally. But she, so she was in charge of immigration, which as we'll see later on, she used a great effect. Is that our little, is that our cherry on top at the end?


Yeah, I think so. Okay. That's a good Idea. It's, it's the kid with the last question in q and a. Oh man. And not the drunk guy. I hate that guy. So when FDR passed away in 1945, she was the longest serving labor secretary and one of only two cabinet members to serve the entire length of his super, super long presidency. And she held over into Truman as well. He was like, if it ain't broke, don't fix it. So you're welcome to stay, which you don't see A lot of that anymore. Yeah. She published a biography, a bestseller about FDR called the Roosevelt. I knew, and here are a few other just sort of career feathers in her cap.


She was the head of the American delegation to the International Labor Organization in Paris. Truman appointed her to the US Civil Service Commission, which it was a position she held till 1953. And she basically accomplished every single one of her goals while she was secretary of labor, except for one thing she went in there wanting to do, which was universal access to healthcare. Yeah. Which is kind of a bummer. Some people might say it's a bummer, some people might say good. Sure. She also played drums for ding for a brief time for a little Bit. She did it all. She and all while wearing a, a frumpy tri cornered hat.


That's right. And then after that, she did what A lot of people in public policy do. She went on to teach and lecture at the New York State School of Industrial and Labor Relations at Cornell University. She did that to till she was 85 years old when she passed away in 1965. Yes. There were a couple of other things to throw into. Both her husband and her daughter suffered from what we today call bipolar disorder. Yeah. She cared for them their entire lives And that, that little thing. Yeah. Right. Can you imagine? No. While she's doing all this other stuff. Yeah. She, she made sure that they were cared for, took care of them directly herself.


And one of the other things I think is worth mentioning too, that while before FDR became president, while she was working in New York, she was already known publicly before she became Secretary of Labor because she was the first public official to call Hoover out on his BS when he was downplaying joblessness numbers and unemployment figures and just general terrible economic news and pretending things were way better than they were. She was the first person to step up and publicly contradict him and made national news for that. Wow. And you know, again, this is a woman doing this in like 1930.


So just that alone makes national news. But she was also calling him out on his bs. And one thing that we have to say before you, you finish with the cherry on top, Chuck, is she had guys figured out, she had a, a folder called Notes on the Male Mind. And she would just take notes on guys and, and men that she worked with and just kind of try to get an understanding of them. And she, she realized that the way to get male colleagues to treat you normally, or maybe even respect you, is to remind them of their mother. Wow. And that's what it takes apparently to get a guy to treat a woman with respect at work.


Well, and you know, we mentioned why she's under sung there. You know, history is written by men, we all know this. And A lot of those new deal histories in the seventies and eighties didn't even mention her, which is just staggering that you can write a history of the New Deal and not mention Frances Perkins. It's just like a black eye on on any author that did something like that. It almost seems malicious in a weird way. Like I, I like to think that that's not the case. But what other explanation Is there? I know, it's nuts. It's weird. So the cherry on top here at the end as World War ii, she, world War II was not a cherry on top, but she was watching Hitler do his thing in Germany and got really worried.


She's like, man, that guy's cranked up. She was read about antisemitism and everything that was going on with the violence there. And she wanted to help German refugees escape. And at the time, the Coolidge administration, the immigration laws that came through his administration were really tough and Americans were very fearful that relaxing these laws would increase the job competition And that Americans weren't gonna have these jobs. And she said, you know what? I don't agree the immigration services under the Department of Labor, and so I am going to put some quotas down to get some of these refugees here and to aid them. And she did that to great success.


Yeah. She made sure that about at least 55,000 Jewish German immigrants made their way into the United States through these Department of Labor immigration quotas. And another, I think 200,000 people in general were rescued from Europe as, as World War II was starting to develop over there because of her. Yeah. Just on top of everything else, she also saved a bunch of tens of thousands of Jewish people from Hitler in World War ii. Amazing. Amazing. Chuck. I guess that's it for Frances Perkins, huh? That's It. Well, If you wanna know more about Frances Perkins, go start reading about her. 'cause there's even more detail to her life than we captured here.


And she's worth reading about. Very admirable person. And since I said admirable, it's time for listener mail. I'm gonna call this Helping a Helper. And this is from a Tawny. Tawny says this, Hey guys, I've been sewing face masks for almost a month now, and I'm close to my 1000th mask. Nice. That's A lot. That is A lot. I have given and donated to friends, family, coworkers. I'm a 9 1 1 dispatcher by the way. Healthcare workers, retail workers, delivery people, postal workers and other essential workers and PE people wearing funny hats, People wearing funny hats and complete strangers. Now that face masks have become mandatory here in San Diego, the need has grown substantially.


And through all of this, you three have been with me in Keeping Me Company. Talking about Jerry too. Well, yeah. Okay. She wasn't talking about Tommy Chong. I'll tell you that. Old episodes and new have entertained me through the tedious hours of cutting fabric, ironing, pinning, and sewing. I started listening to your podcast while I was in the Navy and soon introduce you guys to my husband who is still in the military. We have both listened and learned through the years together. Thank you for continuing your show and helping the helpers of the world. Side note, love the 9 1 1 dispatcher episode and thank you for clearing up the pizza order myth. Second side note, I wrote my master's thesis on the use of body worn cameras by law enforcement And I decided to focus on that topic, that topic after listening to that awesome episode.


Oh, neat. Yeah. That's pretty cool. All three of you are thanked and mentioned in the thesis even. Oh, That's cool. When I'm tired and don't want to sow anymore. I think of this quote for Mr. Rogers Head down When I was a boy And I would see scary things in the news, my mother would say to me, look for the helpers. You will always find people who are helping Go to them and they will help you. And that is from Tawny. And that's a great quote, Tawny, I'm gonna, I'm gonna use that in my own house. It's kind of like, if you're afraid of flying, watch the flight attendants and as long as they're not freaking out, you're fine. It's The exact same thing He's saying when the s when the S goes down, there's people helping.


So that's always good. God bless Mr. Rogers. And you Tony. Oh Man, man. Yep. Thanks A lot. Is it Tony Tawny. T-A-W-N-Y. I Couldn't tell If you were just putting a little mustard on the Tony. No, like Tawny Catan. Sure. Yeah. From the white snake videos That that cultural icon. Well thanks A lot. Tawny. I apologize for Chuck calling you Tawny cat. Okay. Can I apologize for you Charles? Sure. Okay, well I'm gonna do that If you want to get me to apologize for Charles. Let's see If you can do it. You can send us an email, wrap it up, spank it on the bottom, and send it off to stuff podcast at iHeartRadio dot com.


Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.


The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new car, like a legendary Camry built for performance and available with all-wheel drive. You can count on your new Camry to get you anywhere you need to go. Or check out an affordable and reliable Corolla with a trim for every lifestyle. From the hip sedan to the sporty hatchback, there's a Corolla built just for you. Check out more national sales event deals when you visit Buy a toyota.com. Toyota, let's go places.


This podcast is supported by BetterHelp offering licensed therapists. You can connect with via video, phone, or chat. Here's BetterHelp, head of clinical operations, Hessu Joe discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think A lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off and you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that Could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody. There's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com today. That's better. H hlp.com.


Hey There, It's Scott Patterson from I Am All In Again, podcast life. Short talk Fast stream, Gilmore Girls on Hulu. That's right. Grab your coffee and get cozy because all seven seasons of Gilmore Girls are now on Hulu Stream. All the witty banner, heartwarming moments and awkward Friday night dinners with Lole Rory, and the eclectic mix of characters, whether you're rewatching or going Gilmore for the first time. Hulu has you covered, it's a show, it's a lifestyle. It's now streaming on Hulu.