
This is an iHeartPodcasts.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, AACH Direct Debit in the us, apple Pay Afterpay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose Value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Hey everybody, it's me, Josh, and for this week's select of chosen our 2016 episode on the Murder of Kitty Genovese. Her story is fairly famous. She was murdered while an entire apartment block of people watched and did nothing. But that's not exactly the real story. Like most things in life, there's more to it. And we explained what actually happened. We relied a lot on the excellent documentary, the witness for this episode, and I highly recommend watching it. In the meantime, I hope you enjoy this one. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio.


Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark, and there's Charles w. Chuck Bryant, and there's Jerry. So this is Stuff You Should Know. Podcast, true Crime edition, actually. Yeah. But so much more than just a single crime Agreed. A crime that echoed throughout a city, throughout the world, throughout decades. And it's true man. Like there are very few crimes you can point to that had more of an impact than the murder of Kitty Genovese. Agreed. And there are a lot of True Crime podcast out there. We are not trying to become one. No. This is just something we do from time to time.


Sure. As I researched this and as I watched, did you watch The Witness? Of course, the documentary recently on Netflix. Right now It is HBO documentary and I was disturbed, and I'm glad it finally covered it in the documentary, but I was disturbed that Kitty Genovese and we'll, we'll get to her murder, but very quickly she was murdered and became the symbol for people not helping out. Right. What came to be known as bystander apathy or the bystander effect that the, the more people who are around, the less likely anyone is to help. Yeah. So she became such a symbol that you never hear about Kitty Genevieve and who she was as a Person.


And that was one great thing about that documentary. There were multiple great things about it. Yeah. But that it, it really talked about her and showed her and Yeah. Revived her spirit, Which I was really looking for because even in researching online, it's hard to get a lot of information. So Some things, some even contemporary articles still aren't mentioning that she was gay. Well, yeah, her, her own brother who made the documentary didn't know that she was gay. No, it's true. But it's, it's been out since, I'm not sure when actually that came out. It was just this year. Oh, okay. So it was fairly new then this year. Last year. Yeah. I thought it was in like in the last five years maybe. So in honoring that, why don't we talk a minute about Catherine Genovese Kitty.


Yep. Born in 1935 in Brooklyn to Vincent and Genovese Italian American parents. And it's weird. I don't see, oh yeah. Rachel was her mother's name. She was Rachel Petroli at first. So they lived in Brooklyn and she was very well loved in school. Yeah. She was like the, the leader of her clique. Yeah. And she was apparently a lot of fun and a good mimic of her teachers. And she was voted class cutup in her senior year graduating class. And she went to an all girls school in Prospect Heights. And it was just by all accounts, this vivacious, fun loving, really sweet, sweet lady.


Yeah. And or, or girl at that point, Her little brother Bill who en ended up making the, or being featured in the documentary the witness Yeah. Was just in love with her. She was just amazing to him. They had a very special relationship. Yeah. I think she was about 13 years older than him. Yeah. Quite a bit. Maybe 12 years older. I had a sister like that. And like there's a very special relationship. I I'm sure there's none, none of that sibling rivalry. Yeah. They're not old enough to be your mother. That's just a a a it's a unique situation to Yeah. Be a younger sibling and to be able to inherit like all that worldly wisdom. Yeah.


And they're, they're going through all their own things and their own struggles and their own travails. But to that 13-year-old younger brother, yeah. They know everything. And they're the coolest person walking the planet, and they're the kindest person walking the planet. 'cause they've lived long enough to like figure out some of the major stuff, you know? Yeah. Even my own sister is only six years older and we, we very much had and still have that relationship where, and she and my brother are great now too, but you know, when you're two or three years apart, there can be a little bit of the knocking of heads. But by the time I came along I was like, you know, my sister was six, it was perfect. I was a little baby doll for her. Right.


So anyway, that was very much the relationship that Kitty had with Bill. And it seemed like one of the old older brothers always had a little bit of a, like, eh, she always liked him better. Yeah. Kind of Attitude seemed, seemed like everybody kinda knew like she liked Bill the most. Yeah. Which I kind of felt bad for, but that's just those family dynamics. Man. You Know, the thing is when whenever you do start to kind of talk about somebody who's died, especially someone who's died violently and, and young, it's easy to canonize them. Sure. You know? Oh yeah. Really put 'em up on a pedestal and forget their flaws. And of course I'm sure Kitty had tons of flaws, but she didn't seem to have any from, from what I'm gathering, that were, you know, just terrible flaws or that made her like a, a bad person.


She seemed like a, she was a yeah. Like a overall above average great person. Yeah. Agreed. So New York was getting too dangerous for her family. They thought to have all these kids. So they moved when she graduated high school to New Canaan, Connecticut. And she said, you know what? I'm staying here in New York. I'm 18 now. I love it here. She got married for a brief time to a guy, what was his name? Rocco, I don't remember his name. It's Either Rocky or Rocco. And in the, the documentary Bill tries to get in touch with him. He's like, I really, 'cause he found out she was gay and was like, you know, we didn't even know this. I think Rocco can help shed some light.


And he very respectfully asked for his own privacy. He said, my relationship with Kitty will remain forever a mystery. Yeah. It's like, that's an odd response. It was. I think he just didn't wanna, I mean, if she was gay and they were married for a short time Right. He either didn't know and maybe felt the fool or he did know and was maybe trying to do right by her in some way. Sure. Either way, he didn't wanna talk about it. Right. But she worked as a secretary for a little while. She was a waitress for a little while. Eventually she was a bar maid, bartender and then became bar manager at a place in Hollis Queens called Eve's 11th Hour.


That is A great bar name. Well, and from all accounts, it was one of those wonderful neighborhood bars where Open at 8:00 AM Yeah. Where the people were in there getting sauced pretty early in the day. Sure. And everyone knew everyone and everyone loved Kitty. And she helped take care of everybody, but was very much an independent kind of firecracker of a woman. Sure. Drove a Red Fiat Convertible. Her dad used to tease her about like, when are you gonna find the right guy? And she was like, I, I make more money than any guy I would go out with. I don't need that. Which is, I guess 1960s for Dad. I'm gay. I'm gay. Yeah. And I can't say it, but she did make pretty good Dough as the bar manager.


And then in March, 1963, she met a woman named Maryanne Ko at Swing Rendezvous. It was a underground lesbian bar in the village. And they moved in together shortly thereafter. Yeah. And Kitty actually used to bring Maryanne home with her to visit, but her family was all like, well, they're just good friends and roommates. Right. It's the sixties, right. The early sixties. Yeah. And there's an audio interview with her in that documentary that's really touching. She didn't wanna be on camera, but Bill was able to speak to her. And I think what was so compelling about this documentary was that he was, it was a search of a man looking for closure.


It, it's a harrowing, sometimes almost unbearable to watch Yeah. Search. It Was tough. I mean, like, he's at odds with his family here or there. Yeah. He, he's just, just doing things where If you, If you watch it in the context of the documentary and you just follow along the documentary, it all makes utter in complete sense. Right. But then If you stop and remove yourself long enough to be like, this is a documentary, which means this guy really did this stuff. Yeah. And there was a camera following him along while he was doing it. I, I was like, I I I couldn't have done half of it. Oh, I Know. You know, he really, he just, at one point he calls it an obsession, but it's, it's not, he doesn't come off as obsessed.


Right. Agreed. You know. Alright, so let's detail the crime and then we will take a break after that. How does that sound? Yeah. Alright. Right. So flash forward to March 13th, 1964. It's three 15 in the morning. And Kitty Genovese is, as she often did, was making her way home from work late at night as a bar manager. Yeah. And was being trailed by a man, a man by the name of Winston Mosley. Yes. Who is definitely the villain of this story, but is not the only one that will turn out. Right. So Kitty was 28 and at the time she was killed and Winston or Killer was 29, just turned 29, I think like a week or so before.


And I think you said this is March 13th? Yeah, 1964. Yeah. He was married with a couple of kids. Yeah. His wife Elizabeth worked the night shift. She was a hospital nurse and Winston's mother stayed at home with the kids. So he basically said, you know, I own my own house. I've got a great job operating computers. No one even knows what I'm supposed to be doing with him yet, but I'm making money doing it. Yeah. He was a smart guy. So I'm gonna indulge myself. I'm gonna go out and stalk women and murder them. Yeah. In my spare time, that's what I'm gonna do. So that's what he was doing on this night. He was cruising around looking for a woman to kill, basically.


Yeah. That was his direct quote in questioning. Yeah. I was looking for a woman to kill. Yeah. So he saw at a, I believe a red light. This little red Fiat convertible caught his eye and there was kitty driving. So he started to follow her and she parked and she parked in the parking lot for the Long Island railway, which the parking lot went backed up to the side of her apartment building, which is a two story Tudor job that had shops in the bottom and apartments in the top. Right. Yeah. This was in Q Gardens in Queens. So he followed her on foot at this point.


She sees him and knows that something is going on. He has a knife in his hand. So she starts running, he catches up to her by outside of a bookstore and stabs her twice in the back right off the bat with this knife. Right. And she had been running toward a bar that she thought would be open. But it turned out apparently there was a new manager and the new manager had closed down early. So when she stabbed twice in the back, it's on this darkened street, but right across the street, Austin Street is a 10 story apartment building with dozens of windows looking out onto Austin Street. Yeah. Where she's being stabbed in the back.


And she screams, she cries out. I think she said something like, oh God, he stabbed me. Help me. Help me. Is what they, they Yeah. They said basically definitively is what she screamed. And people who were witnesses to this recounted that one guy said that he was a, a, I think a 10 or 11-year-old kid who was inside one of the apartments in the Moby apartment building. And that he was awoken, awakened from a deep sleep. The scream was so loud, he said it was the loudest thing he's ever heard. Yeah. So she screams and a man living in the Moby apartment buildings opens his window.


What's his name? Yeah. Robert Moser opened his window and screamed out, Hey, get outta there. What are you doing? And Mosley took off. Yeah. Took off running away. He's very frequently misquoted as having said, like, let that girl alone. But even by his own words, in his own testimony, he said, Hey, get out of there. Yeah. At any rate, he scared him away. Right. So in between that time, about 30 minutes passes, kitty makes her way around to the vestibule of her own building. Right. Yeah. And goes inside the vestibule and like you think the horror is over for her, she could probably survive these wounds.


Right. Is in shock, I would imagine. And then Mosley had went to his car, kind of checked out the building, saw that some lights had gone on, and reason to himself, no one's gonna do anything, puts on a different hat and goes back, finds her in the vestibule and finishes the job in the most horrific ways you can imagine. Yeah. He, he stabbed her at least 12 more times. They think at least she was stabbed at least 14 times. He said he doesn't remember how many times he stabbed her, but he basically kept stabbing her until she stopped screaming. She was still alive. I saw that he attempted to rape her and I've also seen that he raped her.


Yeah. I'm sure. I'm not sure which one's correct. Yeah. But at one point, and this is really important here, as he's stabbing her and she's screaming in the vestibule, there's a staircase that leads directly up to a door. And behind that door lived a man named Carl Ross. And Carl Ross opened his door and looked down one single flight of stairs at Winston Mosley, stabbing Kitty Genovese, who was bloody, there was no confusing what was going on. And he closed the door and he called his girlfriend and his girlfriend said, don't get involved. Yeah. I'm worried for you. Just, just leave it alone.


It's none of your business. And he did, he didn't do anything, at least for a little while. Alright. So that's a good place to break here. And we're gonna come back and talk about who saw and heard what and what they did about it. Right after this,


You know, there's just something about a beautiful outdoor space that's so satisfying. It becomes like your own backyard oasis. It's the best. And I gotta tell you, Wayfair has got everything you need to level up your outdoor space with patio sets, lounge chairs, outdoor bars, hot tubs, vavoom, fire pits, gazebos, you name it. And of course string lights. You gotta have those. Yeah. I mean, summer's a perfect time to host a nice outdoor gathering. So you wanna have a nice outdoor space to host, set gathering in. And don't be scared off about ordering big, beautiful outdoor furniture from Wayfair. Because with Wayfair delivery is free and easy even on the big stuff. That's right. And they got a style for everybody and every home, no matter what your space is and what your budget is. So don't wait. Make your outdoor space your dream. Oasis today with Wayfair and enjoy it all summer long. Head to wayfair.com right now to shop a huge outdoor selection. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair every style, every home


Time for a sofa upgrade. Introducing an Bay Sofas where designer style meets budget friendly prices. An bay brings you the ultimate in furniture innovation with a modular design that allows you to rearrange your space effortlessly perfect for both small and large spaces. Anaba is the only machine washable sofa inside and out. Say goodbye to stains and messes with liquid and stain resistant fabrics that make cleaning easy liquids. Simply slide right off, designed for custom comfort. Our high resilience foam lets you choose between a sink and feel or a supportive memory foam blend. Plus our pet friendly, stain resistant fabrics. Ensure your sofa stays beautiful for years. Don't compromise quality for price. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your living space today. Sofas start at just $699 with no risk returns and a 30 day money back guarantee. Get up to 60% off plus free shipping and free returns. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. When Dr. Saba and I decided to do a skincare line together, he said to me, we are gonna give women meaningful beauty. And I said, that's exactly right. We wanna give women meaningful beauty, which means each and every product is meaningful. It has a a reason to exist, it's efficacious, you're gonna get results, and then you just go out and live your life Meaningful beauty. Confidence is beautiful. Learn More@meaningfulbeauty.com.


All right. So at this point, kitty Genovese is not dead yet, but dying in the vestibule. A woman did come down and was with her, her name is Sophia Ferra, she's still with us. And she was a neighbor and friend of Kitty's. And so she went down there and apparently was with her as she passed away. Tried to calm her down, evidently did calm her down. Yeah. And likes to think that she at least saw a friendly face and that she was being cared for Right. As she passed. Right.


The weird thing is, is that is not mentioned. I guess we gotta get into the New York Times now. Yeah. So, so after the murder, like the next day, the Times ran four paragraphs on the Kitty Genovese's murder. It was not incredibly newsworthy at first because that year there were 636 murders in New York City. Yeah. And that was just one of them, Just one. But a couple weeks later, the head, the city editor of the New York Times, a guy named Abe Rosenthal, who's a legendary journalist, was having lunch with, I believe the police commissioner of the NYPD. And the commissioner said, did you hear about that Genevieve's murder?


That's one for the books. 38 people standing around watch the whole thing. Nobody did a a thing about it. Yeah. Now you've got a story. Abe Rosenthal, legendary journalist is like, thank you for that. Yeah. Here's my Diner's Club card. I have to go now and get this story done. So he did, he assigned it out to a guy, what was the original reporter's name? His Name was Martin Ginsberg. And they wrote on the front page, I shouldn't say they wrote, it was definitely all Ginsburg. But he was assigned and definitely under the direction of Abe Rosenthal. Like this is, this is the story. Yeah. 38 people stood around and did nothing.


Yeah. The, the title of the article was 37, it was 37 at the time. 37. Who saw Murder, didn't Call the Police. And basically the entire article and the entire narrative from that moment forward for decades was a, not about this woman at all, hardly. Right. She became a symbol a B not necessarily even about the crime, but about the crime of these people who didn't The crime of apathy. Yeah. For these 37 or 38 people. But it was very much misconstrued in the New York Times to the point where in 2004 they all but wrote a retraction with new information.


'cause the original article, they said like these people witnessed it. That is not true. Maybe only a couple of people might have actually seen anything with their eyeballs. The other 35 or 36 may have heard someone screaming. They might have thought it was a drunken couple in their neighborhood coming home from a bar. There might have been some apathy involved for sure, for some of them. But to characterize this as 37 or 38 people witnessed this horrific crime and literally shut their doors and windows to it was not accurate at all. Right. They said, they said specifically, well the way that they put it was that there were, the way the story read was that 38 people had watched this murder, which took place, they misreported that there were three attacks.


Yeah. And that the man had been chased off twice and came back two more times. Yeah. But that this whole thing had taken place over 30 minutes, this long prolonged attack. And that 38 people had just been sitting there watching it, doing nothing. And that is definitely a mischaracterization of what had happened. Like you're saying, for the most part, people were ear witnesses, not eyewitnesses. There were certainly not 38 eyewitnesses to it. Right. And most people weren't in a position to do much, if anything about it. Certainly physically. But I, I don't know If you could call it like a, a, a retraction, because the point that Abe Rosenthal, he never apologized for it ever.


Even in the documentary he's interviewed. Yeah. He, and he's like, I, this is great. I'm glad that it did what it did. Yeah, sure. His, the point is still there, that there was apathy in, in that there were two people who could have done something and they didn't. But then from what the other witnesses said, the scream was pretty clearly not a purse snatching and not a, a couple fighting drunkenly. Right. That it was a, a violent crime being committed on this woman. And people still didn't do anything. Yeah. They misreported possibly that no one called police.


Apparently, perhaps up to three people called the police. Although police logs showed, only one call came in. And it may be a case of these people now telling themselves, like, I, I called the cops, I did something. Sure. When they may not have, they did not report at all that Ms. Ferra had gone down to be with her. She was not mentioned ever. So I kind of went from feeling like, yeah, you know, this bystander effect, it had good, it led to the 9 1 1 being created apparently in some ways. And people studied this in class and it raised awareness. So, you know, if they stretched it a little bit, then it had a good effect. That's what Abe basically, That was his position.


That still is his position, but, well, He is dead now. Oh, did he finally pass away? Yeah. And then I, I finally came around and be like, no, you know, the truth is what you should print and if you're a reporter and you run a story Right. You should print the truth and not some sensationalized version of it to sell newspapers. No, no, absolutely. I agree with you. And I think the one thing that you can hang on Abe Rosenthal, is that that story was definitely fashioned in a manner to be as sensational as possible to shock and outrage the public as much as possible. Yeah. But I still think it's rooted in, in the basic fact that there was apathy involved and that it possibly allowed Winston Mosley to finish the job that kitty Genevieve might've survived, had somebody done more than just sit up, look out their window and go back to bed.


Yeah. Or not even bothered to look out the window. And like you said, Chuck, like this had a lot of impact because this, this story comes out in 1964 and for 40 years, it wasn't until 2004 that the time saw fit to like, go back and really reinvestigate. Yeah. And they did. There was a, a great, great article called Kitty 40 years later I think. And, and the author goes through and reinvestigate the case and really sets a lot of facts straight. But within that 40 year period, the effects that this murder had were just sweeping. It led to the establishment of 9 1 1.


Yeah. It's a big one. Sure. And it, it created this whole field of psychology that looks into the, the psychology of crowds, you know, and why we would just stand around, what is this diffusion of responsibility, none of that understanding existed until the Kitty Genevieve's murder. Yeah. And weirdly, why is someone, why is a solo witness more apt to act than a group of people? One thing I saw is that it's called social influence and that we take our cues from others. So if inaction is basically what is on the table right, then we're going to be inactive as well. If people are starting to move toward it, toward the, the problem, we'll probably join in too.


I could see that. Or people thinking like, either I'm not someone better equipped to deal with this than me, or I feel like someone else will do this. Right. So I don't have to Yeah. A lot goes into play. It's pretty interesting. One Of the, the less productive things that came out of it though is this idea that when you live in a city, in a big city, you put enough people together, everybody stops caring about anybody else. They're all out for number one. Yeah. And Q Gardens became the, the center of this or just such a a, a symbolic example of of urban care. Uncaring, I guess. Yeah. And Kitty Genovese became a symbol of, of that as well.


And, and the, the need to do something to, to act out to help other people when you see them need help. Alright, so let's take another quick break here and we're, we're gonna get back into what happened to Mr. Mosley and the further effects of this crime after this,


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa, wash away your worries with Anna Bay. Anna Bay is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance, fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide, backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees. Every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change And certain restrictions may apply.


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. Well, I don't know about you, but like, I never liked being told, oh wow, you look so good for your age. Like why even bother saying that? Why don't you just say you look great at any age, every age. That's what meaningful beauty is all about. We create products that make you feel confident in your skin at the age you are now meaningful beauty, beautiful skin at every age. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com.


You are great at protecting your own personal information. You probably even use things like two-factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. But as much as you try to be in control of how your information is protected, there are lots of places that also have it. And they might not be as careful as you are. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second for identity threats. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft, you might not be able to control how others handle your personal information, but you can help protect it. With LifeLock, save up to 40% your first year, call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


So a week after this murder, Mosley was breaking into a house. He's not a good guy. No. He was a terrible guy. He was beyond being a sociopath and a psychotic was a a just a burglar. And he would, he was just straight up robbing a house one day of a television. And one of the neighbors saw this, called the cops. Cops came and arrested him. No, no, no, no. That's not true. What the neighbor, here's the thing, this is the great ironic twist of the Kitty Geneveve story. He went to a different neighborhood. He was robbing a house and the neighbor said, Hey, what are you doing?


And he started to run from the house. The neighbor chased him and tackled him and held him until the cops came. Oh, well, yeah, he called the Cops. That's how he went down intervention. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But My point, not apathy intervention. Right. A week later. Yes. Okay. So at any rate, he calls the cops, he gets arrested and very, like matter of factly says that he killed Kitty Genovese. And not only that, but he killed supposedly two other women. A woman named Barbara Kralik. Well actually she was a girl. Yeah. She's only 15. And then a woman named Annie Mae Johnson. And apparently both of them had been sexually assaulted and he was never tried for those.


But he did plead not guilty by reason of insanity, which did not work, was sentenced to death. And by luck of timing was able to appeal and the death penalty had gone away for most crimes. Yeah. In that time period. And he was resentenced to life in prison. Yeah. Supposedly the prosecution had withheld some evidence about his mental state during his sentencing. So he was able to get it reduced. So he was hanging out, doing his time, and he was in Attica, I believe, and he had injured himself and was being taken to the hospital. And on the way, way there, he got the gun away from the guard who was escorting him and took off and for I think five days, he basically just, the city of Buffalo was in mortal fear of the fact that the guy who murdered Kitty Genovese was now on the loose in their town.


And they were afraid, rightfully so. He raped one woman when the cops closed in on him. He got ahold of five people and held him hostage in a standoff that lasted for a little while with the FBI. Yeah. Before they finally got to him. He was a bad dude. So they sent him back to prison and they said, you're not getting outta here ever. Yeah. He was later a part of the Attica prison riots as well. And the, the one lady that he killed, he, he burned her alive like the family was upstairs. Yeah. And he broke into her house, raped her, killed her, and burned her alive in the home and the house went up in flames.


Right. So it, it sounded like he had no, he sounded like a true sociopath. Like he had no, not there was ever a reason for killing someone, but it was always just at random because he wanted to do that. That's a lot what it sounds like. It was a self-indulgence. So in the documentary, very powerful scene where the son of, or I'm sorry, the little brother of Kitty who was told through his eyes interviews and sits down with one of the sons of Mosley and it's just like, I mean, you cut the tension with a knife, obviously it's just so like fraught with tension.


And he had told his son that she was yelling racial slurs at him. He also said that he was just a getaway driver for some mobster. And the Genovese family was related to the crime mob family, the Genovese family. And none of this stuff is true. And the, the brother was just like a no, we're not related to that family at all. We have nothing, nothing to do with that. Right. And he just gives him a look when he talks about the racial slurs. Like, come on man, that's not what happened. So it was a really, really powerful scene of these two guys kind of working it out in a way. I didn't see them working anything out.


Oh, see, I did. Which made it even worse for me. I Thought there was some between them, they kind of came to a nice, nicer place. Oh really? Than where they'd started Yet. I did not catch that at all. Oh, Maybe you skip forward or something. Maybe. I was like, I can't take this kind of fast forward. Well the sun Was saying like, you know, I think it, you know, we need to good brother, we need to bill. No, the son of Winston Mosley Oh, gotcha. Was saying that they needed to move on from all this. And then the brother was saying, I definitely don't, you know, the sins of the father aren't the sins of the sons. Yeah. He said That. So, you know, I felt, I felt like they were better off than when they started for having that conversation. I, I honestly did not catch that. Yeah. Well, regardless, Winston Mosley, after, I guess after his second, his first escape, his second little crime spree in Buffalo, he, when he was captured, he, he apparently reformed himself or he claimed to be reformed.


He got a, a degree in prison. He wrote an editorial that the New York Times published where he basically said, I'm a changed man. Yeah. And everybody said, oh, look at that. It's just about the time your first parole hearing's coming up. This is great timing. He went up before the parole board and they said no. Yeah. He went up before the parole board again. They said no, he went up 18 times when 18 times the parole board said no. Yeah. I think the last one was just a couple years before he died, but he died in 2016 at age 81 in prison. Yeah. And he, the brother tried to get an interview with him and he said, know that he didn't want to be exploited anymore and you could just feel this brother's pain of like really wanting to try to talk him into it again.


And the basically the people that that were the go-between were like, yeah, You know, you can try. We can't keep you, but he's not gonna change his mind. Right. So he never got that interview, but I feel like he got, I don't think he was looking for answers. I mean, in the documentary he went back to many of these apartment windows just to look at what their vantage point might have been. He got an actress to recreate what the screaming would've sounded like from down there on the street, which was very chilling scene. And I don't know that he was looking for, like you said, he was at odds with his family at times. You could tell the one little brother was like, man, this is hard on all of us, so you need to stop.


Right. But I don't think he was necessarily looking for the closure in that. I want to find out for sure if these people could have stopped it. I think the closure comes more in the journey of learning about his sister and learning as much as he can about this case. Right. It's really interesting. It was very interesting the 2004 times article and then now this, this documentary has definitely exonerated Q Gardens as a whole. They've said now there's, there's way more nuance to this. There's way more. Yeah. But two things, two people that have not been exonerated are a guy named Joseph Fink and a guy named Carl Ross.


Carl Ross was the guy who lived at the top of the vestibule who opened his door. Yeah. The ironic thing about Carl Ross is, If you notice, it says 38 witnesses, 37 did nothing. The 30 that that, that last 38th witness that the Times is referring to was Carl Ross. They said he's the one who called the police. Well he called the police like long after Kitty Genovese was dead. Oh yeah. Yeah. So he was actually, he was actually, I don't wanna say celebrated or whatever, but he was exonerated initially by this Times article when it turns out that he was one of the two people who could have done something and didn't. The other one was Joseph Fink, who saw the initial attack from his vantage point in the elevator. He ran the elevator in the Moby Apartments across the street and he apparently saw what was happening and left his his elevator and went to bed.


Yeah. And that was that. But a again, it seems like the overall feeling is okay other than those two guys, everybody else is fine. I just disagree with that. I think that there's a lot more that people could have done that didn't, and I don't think it's, I just don't think that everybody's off the hook for that. Yeah. Yep. You got anything else? No, man. If you wanna know more about Kitty Genovese, just search the internet. There's a lot about her, but be careful what you read because it's all over the place, frankly. And since I said internet, it's time for listener mail Fish fraud.


Follow up. Hey guys. I recently began a, began a job as a marine fisheries observer. Nice for the Department of Fish and Game in the Bearing Sea, and just listened to your fish fraud episode. Each season a percentage of vessels fish fishing here at least are randomly selected to have an observer on board to monitor the operations and bycatch that come up in their pots or nets. The presence of an observer is admittedly a bit of a drag for this fisherman who have to put up with us skinny nerds, LOL, you type that. Sure. We are generally a great deterrent of any mischief at sea, but from what I have seen, most of the fishermen are real sharp, honest folks who know what they're doing.


Of course, this is only a small portion of all the vessels on the water and it isn't going to solve that problem by any means. But thought you'd like to know that there is some coverage on fish fishing vessels and processors. Thanks for all the laughs, my dudes. And that is from Kevin Alexandro in Olympia, Washington. Thanks a lot. Kevin had no idea. Did you? That these people did that? That there's basically like a A Sky Marshal program fighting fish fraud on the high seas. Yeah, We talked about that. We did. Yeah. I don't remember that. Yeah, we were just like, it's just so infrequent and random that you know, what's what good is it doing? And sounds like he agrees in some ways.


Yeah, I guess so. But still have fun out there on the high seas. Don't get seasick. If you want to get in touch with us like Kevin did, you can send us an email to stuff podcast@howstuffworks.com. And as always, Join us at our home on the web Stuff You Should Know. Dot com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Hi, I'm Danielle Official from Pod meets World. So for my two boys, I got Samsung Galaxy Watch for kids. And I'm not saying I'm kind of jealous of my kids' tech, I am saying I am definitely jealous of my child's tech. This thing lets them call, text and explore all from their wrist. No smartphone required. And don't worry, you are still the boss. You control who they can talk to and yes, you can totally stalk their location in real time. Get Galaxy Watch seven on T-Mobile. Now Kid ready with a new paired line. Visit T-Mobile dot com to order yours today. Parent and child must have a Samsung account and Google account with Family Link requires initial pairing with a compatible Samsung smartphone and qualifying wireless plan with LTE Service activated. Please check with your carrier for more information. Trusted contact applies to compatible apps. It does not restrict communication through third party or other communication apps. Emergency services and contacts remain accessible. Location sharing is dependent on network connectivity and device being recently active T-Mobile terms via 24 monthly bill credits. When you add a qualifying paired watch line, see additional offer terms on T-Mobile dot com.


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway This spring. Stock up on all your personal care favorites and earn four times points. Now through June 17th, shop in store online for deals on all your favorite personal care items like Pantene, shampoo, native body spray, deodorant, secret body spray, venous razors, always pads, head and shoulder shampoo and native deodorant, and earn four times points. Then use those points for discounts on groceries or fuel. You don't wanna miss These deals offer ends June 17th. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


This Is an iHeartPodcasts.