
Brought to you by the Capital One Venture X Card Earn unlimited, two x miles on everything you buy and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus, receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel Unlock a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X Card. What's in your wallet terms? Apply Lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.


Hey, come On in. Small Business Saturday is right around the corner, and so has that shop You've been meaning to check out on November 30th. Support your local community by shopping small on small business Saturday, founded by American Express. Pick up a new outfit, a handmade gift, some vintage vinyl, maybe even some local tea. Thanks so much. See you soon. Shop on Small Business Saturday, November 30th. That's the powerful backing of American Express.


Happy Life Day everyone. To longtime listeners of Stuff You, Should Know, or at least ones who've been listening for just over a year. We release this episode, the Star Wars holiday special every year, and it's kind of considered the official start of the holiday season throughout the Western Hemisphere and If. you are new to the podcast. We'll then say hello to your newest holiday tradition. Enjoy this year's annual holiday presentation of the Star Wars holiday special, and let the holiday season begin. Welcome to Stuff You Should Know A production of iHeartRadio Hey.


and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark with Charles w Chuckers Bryant. And Jerry Jerome Roland, Who's the Wooki mother. Yeah. Mala. That was the Wookie wife. Oh. And mother. Yeah. Sure. Chewbacca's mom is not with them any longer. Yeah, she left. Yeah. She was not about to appear in that. She went out the window. I'm excited about this. I have to say, We should say Happy Star Wars Day. Yeah. Today is December 17th. I have my opening night tickets. Do you really? Sure. Wow.


You don't I? No. Do you care You into it? Yeah, I will. I will definitely go see it in the theater, but Okay. I won't be there opening night. Sure. I've gotten really adept at like, ignoring spoilers, people talking about stuff. Yeah. All like, so I can, I could conceivably see this movie a month after it comes out and it's all good and still going fresh. Yeah. That's good. I'm an ostrich. Yeah. You, you black yourself out. Yeah. You go dark. I, I do. I make myself go to sleep. Basically. You go to the dark side. I've been there a while now. Well, happy Star Wars Day, though. I'm sure that, I think this pairs nicely with Christmas Star Wars Day.


It's all come together. Yes. We already missed Life Day though, so Happy belated Life Day, Chuck. Are they celebrating it this year? November 17th? Yeah, But it's every three years. Mm. Arcane. Yeah. Man. So weird. Nice job. Okay, so it's every three years started in 1978. Let's do the math, shall we? Quick math break. I believe that LA 2014 was the last Life day, Man. We just missed it. And then again, in 2017. Okay. So 2017, we'll Celebrate Life Day. We'll put on our red robes, our ultra long straight ironed wigs. Sure.


And we'll celebrate Life Day the way it was meant to be. Yes. And If, you have no idea what we're talking about. We are talking about Life Day, which is a celebration that wikis in the Star Wars universe have every three years. Yeah. It's like their Christmas. Yeah. They celebrate, or Their Hanukkah, or their Kwana or their Tet. Supposedly. It's sort of like Earth Day too. They celebrate the diversity of their ecosystem and also Remembrance of the Dead. And they also give gifts. They're like the fins, basically. Yeah. It's a, it's a very interesting part of the Star Wars cannon. It is. And it's almost entirely made up. Dashed off, you could possibly say by George Lucas in the seventies.


Yeah. And. it, it's the basis of what has become derided as like one of the worst things that ever happened to the Star Wars galaxy. Well, Not only that, one of the worst things ever aired on television Yeah. In this galaxy. Yeah. At first, that sounds like hyperbole. Like, come on. It's because it was Star Wars and we had high expectations, but it's really that Bad. Yeah. The people who say that haven't seen even a second of it. Yeah. Yeah. However, I watched it when I was a kid then again this week. Yeah. And you watched it twice this week. Yeah. I watched it last night and this morning. There's something About it. It's mesmerizing.


It Really is. It's one of those things that you start watching it and you want to turn it off, but you wanna see just how absurd it can get. Almost. Yeah. And, it starts absurd. It stays absurd in the middle. Yeah. It's increasingly more absurd. It gets a little less absurd. Finishes super absurd. Yeah. It's just a train wreck in every single sense of the word. Yeah. Top to bottom. It's extraordinarily difficult to overstate how bad this is. Yeah. And some people I've, you know, in researching this, you read about it, you read descriptions of these things, And it, it, it just can't possibly be gotten across until you see it. So luckily as we will see, you can go onto YouTube and watch it, and you may even enjoy this episode more If.


you pause, go spend two hours Yeah. Watching this thing. Yeah. And then come back and laugh along with us. Us. Yeah. There's a great, over the years, there have been many segments of it on YouTube from badly Dub VHS tapes. Yeah. But there's one really pretty good version of it in Full, brought to you by WHIO, Dayton. Ohio Channel seven. Woo. Ohio. Because that flashes up on the screen periodically. Yeah, Man. It is high quality. Yeah, it looks good. It has to basically be the copy that the actual affiliate broadcast. Yeah. It's like that, that quality compared to the other stuff floating around on YouTube. It's clearly recorded on a 1978 PCR.


Yeah. Which Were really expensive. Very expensive. I did some calculating on West Egg. Okay. So the average VCR went for about a thousand dollars. They were brand new. That's amazing. A thousand dollars in 1978 Money. So there were about $3,800 in 2014 money. Crazy. Luckily there were some rich people out there recording this stuff. Yeah. And the wealthy have saved us all again. Yes. Yet again, as they always do. Yes. And we need to shout out some articles that we use for this. There's great, a great article in Vanity Fair called the Han Solo Comedy Hour exclamation point. Yes. By Frank De Giacomo. And then there's the, the Star Wars Holiday special was the worst thing on television ever by someone.


We kind of know Alex Pastor neck of From Motherboard. Yeah. Which is not wired. It's Vice Vice. Yeah. Sorry. We wrote a little bit for motherboard back then, and we had a call with Alex. We're like, we're like old motherboard vets. Yeah. Basically. Wasn't there one more? There was another one. And I. Don't know who wrote this one. Chuck. Yeah. It's the, the title's. The Star Wars holiday special. George Lucas wants to smash every copy of With a Sledgehammer, Which is a famous quote, supposedly at a convention by Lucas. Yes. Which is not correct. He didn't ever say that. No. Okay. That, that sounded like something that people made up. Yes. But If, you go on the internet, you will quickly believe that he did, but sure.


Apparently didn't. So let's, let's, I'm Sure he felt that way though, Clearly, you know, because he did appear on Robot Chicken And I Think 2005 on the therapist couch talking about how much he hated the special. All right. So let's set the background. Shall we, shall we go back to 1977? Yeah. Summer. Get in the old Wayback machine. All Right, let's do it. All right. Here we are. There's Wooderson. Yeah. I'm just a little 6-year-old excited about Star Wars. I am. I've just turned one. Yeah. So you don't know what's up yet. I, Please forgive me if I urinate myself. No problem. Okay.


So what has happened is Star Wars has become a huge, huge hit, seemingly out of nowhere. Yeah. Establishing George Lucas is one of the brilliant young minds in filmmaking, even though it wasn't his first movie, it was his first huge, huge breakout hit. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah. Talk, I mean, talk about a breakout hit, like no one had ever seen anything like it before. No. 2001 had come out in the late sixties. Yeah. but it wasn't, it it still different kind of movie. It still isn't accessible to all audiences. You know, it's, yeah. It's, its pretty cerebral film. Yeah. It's not an adventure movie. This was like Star Wars. This is like basically swashbuckling on the screen. But, you know, in a galaxy far, far away, star Wars just changed everything. And, it came on just like a, a hammer.


Yeah. And just A new hope, by the way. Yes. And I know we're gonna get stuff wrong, nerds. So just Yes. Just go ahead and get your little fingers ready to email us. Like, if it wasn't driven Home that I'm not a nerd by the fact that I don't have opening night tickets or any tickets yet, gimme a break. Okay. And by proxy Chuck too. Okay. Yes. Thank you. So it, it's, it's hard to state how great Star Wars was in everyone's mind. Yeah. Right. Bill Murray came out with that lounge singer Star Wars thing. Yeah. It Was everywhere. And If, you If you just Listen to the lyrics of it. He really, it's just Bill Murray singing about how much Star Wars is awesome. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So by the following year, George Lucas was, he wanted to figure out a way to keep audiences just engaged with the whole Star Wars franchise that he was just starting to build.


But he knew the Empire Strikes Back was a couple more years out. Sure. So he, I think he was approached by some TV executives who said, have you considered doing some sort of TV special? They're all a rage right now. We have a a, we have a graphic that's really awesome that we set aside just for TV specials here at CBS. Why don't you let us, let's get together and do a Star Wars special. That's right. Producers Gary Smith and Dwight Heon. Were working over at CBS and they say, this is a great way to keep the spirit alive while you're making your other movie. Maybe move some more toys. Yeah. Which George Lucas got a cut of all the toys.


Sure. For sure. So it was right before Thanksgiving and he said there'd be a lot of people watching TV pre-holiday season, or I guess in the holiday season. Well, The weekend before Thanksgiving. It's like everybody's shopping, sitting around family, like waiting to actually do stuff. That's right. It's a perfect time to broadcast something on tv. So Lucas says, all right, let's do this. I don't have a ton of time, but how about this. I'll get, I'll get a story together and then you can go hire a whizzbang team of, of veteran writers and producers and directors, Whatever genre you think is appropriate. Yeah. And those are the words that will haunt John George Lucas to his grave. Yeah. So Lucas said, here's my idea.


I want it to be based on Wikis. And I want it to take place on their home. Planet of Kook or Wiki Planet Sea. Is That how you say it? Kook. That's How it's pronounced in the epi episode. The holiday special. But it's also pronounced different ways. Other times I would've pronounced it ke Spell it. K-A-S-H-Y-Y-Y-K. Yeah. Which, I mean, I guess that sounds like Chew Buck is Planet Sure. Also called G 5 6 23. Wooki Planet C or Edon is a mid rim planet. Right. So the whole reason apparently that George Lucas was interested in featuring the Wooki was it is what we in show business call Low Hanging Fruit.


The reason why it was low hanging fruit was because they had just established the different scenes that would make the cut for Empire Strikes back. Yeah. And what, how did you pronounce it again? Kook. Kook had not made the cut even prior to this. Apparently for a new Hope, George Lucas had whipped up a 40 page, what's known as the Wookie Bible. Yeah. It's like a 40 page supplement that's all about Kook and Wooki and Chewbacca and his family and everything about W Dom. Right. That's right. So he's like, I've got this thing already, you know, established. I love Ws. They didn't make the cut. I'm a little sad about that. They're not gonna, kook is not gonna show up in an Empire Strikes back.


Let's, let's build the entire special around Ws. It's basically the one demand me George Lucas has. Yeah. That's It. I'll be totally hands off from this point on. Which he kinda Was. He he totally was. Yeah. And, it was actually this experience that apparently taught him to be the very hands-on person that he is famous for being. Yeah. It came out of this Christmas special. Absolutely. He, he was burned and he was had a iron grip after that. Yeah. On everything. So here's some, some of the folks behind it. Bruce Val, famous TV writer. You probably have seen him on Hollywood Squares. Wasn't he suspected of being Thomas Pinchon for a while? Oh, I don't know. Or was Thomas Pinchon on Hollywood Squares?


I have no idea. I I may be confabulating some stuff. Confounding. Yeah. There's some con of some sort going on. Sounds like it. Yeah. So Val was hired as a writer. A guy named Lenny Rips was hired as a writer who Has some great quotes in that Vanity Fair article. He does. His first quote was, we were really excited because this is Star Wars. How could it lose? Yeah. Famous Less Words. Who else was hired? There was a, a husband and wife team. The Welchs. Yeah. Who are the parents of, of folk singer Gillian Welch, who I'm a big fan of. Yeah. And I had no idea that her parents, they were producers slash songwriters of the day.


They were big on the variety show scene, which would turn out to be a, a really key cog in this whole experience. So I feel like right about here, Jerry should insert a needle coming off of a record sound effect. Yeah. Okay. Thanks Jerry. So Chuck, you just said singer songwriters. Yeah. What would that have to do with Star Wars? Yeah. Well actually in this Star Wars holiday special, for those of you who hadn't seen it, there are musical numbers. They decided from the outset that there should be musical numbers. And the reason that they decided that there should be musical numbers is because the people who sold George Lucas and at the time it was Star, the Star Wars Corporation was what it was called.


Yeah. On the idea of doing this TV special was that everyone would love a variety show. Yeah. It was the seventies. Great idea. Let's do a variety show. The problem was this, apparently George Lucas didn't watch enough tv. Yeah. And he also overly trusted people who talked to him. Sure. Because by 1978 Yes. Variety shows had dominated television for over 10 years. but it had come to an end. It was getting stale. Yeah. We're talking Carol Burnett show. Yeah. One of my favorites Had just been canceled after 11 seasons. Yep. That's A big red Flag. Sonny and Cher had just had its last season. Yeah. I, I mean, what else? Like Heehaw was, Heehaw was still going on.


Probably they didn't know when to quit. I think Haws still on. Is it Solid Gold had yet to come on and take up the mantle. That that wasn't a variety show. It was a little bit, and there was talking in between the songs. Yeah. I remember the Mandrell Sisters show. I never watched that one. What was with that Country Chic thing that happened? It Was, yeah, it was a big deal in the seventies. It's kinda happening again, I think. Oh. Because of that dude, the guy who won all the CMA awards, I don't know. He's like, he's, he came along and he is like, actually country, his dad's like a coal miner for real. From Kentucky. I Think I know who you mean. Chris Face. Chris something. Yeah. Yeah. He's, he is Good. He's come along and been like, what are you guys doing?


Well, There's a revival in like, good country music again. That's great. Like in the tradition of Merle Haggard and Johnny Cash. Sure. And I. Guess that's probably where the country she came from. 'cause there was actually good country going on. Yeah. Johnny Cash had a variety show. Did he really? Oh yeah. I knew they did like a, a Sunday singing thing like out in Virginia. Yeah. He had his own variety show. It was actually pretty good. There's some like really great performances. Do you know how many nerds are like, get back to Star Wars? I know, I'm so sorry. Alright, so the Variety show is, is dying, sort of. And so they figure what a great time to take the biggest movie property on the planet and, and wedge it into the variety show milieu. I Don't know if wedge is the right word.


I think maybe Nestle it in there. Yeah. And then start hitting it with the blunt edge of an ax until it mashes into that crevice, you know? That's right. Because this is the time when Fantasy Island had just started. Mor and Mindy was about to change things. Charlie's Angels was getting huge, it basically television as we knew it from 1980 to whenever the real world came along. Yeah. Just escapist television is what they called it. Sure. Was was starting And. it was the hip new thing. So basically if they had turned Han Solo and Princess Leia and Luke Skywalker into maybe, you know, sexy detectives, it might have gone over even better, but they went the other way.


They decided to latch onto this extraordinarily stale genre of television and they hired the best in the business. Yeah. Like there was, there was, there was a quote from I think Lenny Rips who was saying like, we had literally a dream team. Yeah. A variety show dream team. And everybody was good, but there were probably no bad welders on the Titanic either. That's a great quote. Yeah. The guy they hired to direct it initially was a, a dude named David Koba and he had made his name for Welcome to the Fillmore East. It was a concert documentary with Van Morison, van Morrison and the Birds in 1971. And he actually was at USC film school at the same time as Lucas, even though they didn't know each other.


And he only ended up directing about three segments of the thing before He quit. Yep. Before he walked off. Some say he was actually let go, but we'll get to him in a minute. And he replaced him. Okay. As, as we get along down this gross road. Well, Let's, let's take a little break 'cause I'm, I'm overly excited. Alright. Okay.


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Well give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride a bike in just one day. No training wheels needed. Very nice. But what sets guardian bikes apart? Wow. They're designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames. They offer superior control and balance. And this particular design gives young riders the ability to learn. And again, just one day without any tears or frustration. That's Right. They're assembled here in the United States of America. And, I, gotta say, guardian Bikes was kind enough to send my daughter a guardian bike and she loves this thing. It's her first big girl bike. I put it together with great ease and this thing is a great Bike. So join the hundreds of thousands of happy families, including Chucks by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun offering the biggest deal of the year. You can save up to 33% on bikes, no discount code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter, just visit guardian bikes.com and happy riding.


Hey, come on in. Small Business Saturday is right around the corner and so was that shop you've been meaning to check out on November 30th. Support your local community by shopping small on small business Saturday, founded by American Express. Pick up a new outfit, a handmade gift, some vintage vinyl, maybe even some local tea. Thanks So much. See you soon. Shop on Small Business Saturday, November 30th.


That's the powerful backing of American Express


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, Capital. One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member fd.


Hey friends, if you're like me, you don't want just fast internet service. You need it. And believe it or not, there are plenty of places in America where people don't have access. Yeah. And that's why this story is so important. At and t recently completed an at and t fiber buildup to more than 20,000 customer locations in Oldham County, Kentucky. So the entire community now has access to high speed connectivity. Now, you know what high speed internet can do for a regular person, but how about a farmer? Suddenly it's easier to sell cattle. Buy, feed research fixes for broken machinery. You get the picture. And you know what, I think that's fascinating. It doesn't matter what you do for a living these days. You need to be connected. Yeah. And now the big part, this isn't just a Kentucky story, at and t is on track to cover more than 30 million locations with fiber by the end of 2025. So those opportunities, Oldham County got connected to well, at and t is bringing them to millions of people across America. And that's good news for everybody. Connecting Changes everything at and t Learning.


Alright. So we've established most of the main players, we'll, we'll get to a few more. We should point out that Mark Hamill and, and Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher. Sure. Peter Mayhew, They had no grounds to refuse to be on this Basically. Yeah. Pretty much. They were not huge, huge stars yet that could throw their weight around and say, this is terrible and I'm not doing it. They Were, they were big overnight because of Star Wars for sure. But they weren't to the adoring public Sure. Back at the studio. They could still be bossed around and, and this was the result of it. And you can tell also just from watching the actual special, like Harrison Ford is not happy to be there at any point.


Oh no. Princess Leia is clearly on drugs. Was she on drugs at this point? She If. you watch it. She's she's on drugs. Especially the ending scene. Mark Hamill was, He looks like he's happy to be there. Actually He was fine, but apparently he said no, I'm, I'm not doing a musical number. Yeah. And If, you watch his part wedging a musical number in there would've been even more painful. Sure. But they, they everybody who was part of the actual Star Wars franchise that wasn't wearing like a full body costume Yeah. Was like, I'm, I really wish I wasn't here. And you can tell too. Oh yeah. In fact, in the opening credit sequence, they're showing the picture, the, you know, the faces of the people.


Right. And you see Harrison Ford as if he's flying the Millennium Falcon. And you can, you can just hear the guy off screen going, now look at the camera and just give a nod. Just look at the camera and give a nod. Right. And he finally, you can tell he's pissed off and he looks up at the camera and just sort of smirks Yeah. And points at the camera like, okay, I'm looking at the camera and then goes back to what he's doing. Yeah. It's pretty awesome. I felt bad for him. So early on, LAN and others kinda Did you, did you feel bad for him though? Really? Yeah. I mean like, come on. It's Harrison Ford. It's Hans Solo. He has to go do this for like five days. Yeah. I felt terrible for him. I think it's hilarious that they had to do this. Especially now. Well, early on, Valant and others knew that they may be in trouble because they decided not to subtitle any of the Wookie dialogue.


Right. And they literally started after a brief opening scene, setting it up here. Here's the basic plot is Han Solo is trying to get Chewbacca back to Kook in Time for Life Day so he can celebrate with his family. That's the basis of the entire two hours. That's the basis. The entire two hours they encounter a, a space battle and they're delayed. And the next two hours are kind of what's going on while the delay is happening back on Kook. Back On Kook. Because you hear like, oh, okay, well Han Solo and Chewbacca evading the Imperial Guard and all that stuff for two hours. I would watch that. Sure. I would too. Yeah. That's not what they show Killing time at the Wookie household.


That is what they show. Yeah. That's what they do. It's people hanging out, waiting for Chewbacca, worrying about him. Yeah. And then killing time while they wait for him to come back. Yeah. Literally. So And so, hold on. So you say there's a setup, right? Yeah. That's the initial setup. And then Chuck, that's followed by this. Yeah. It's followed by literally 10 minutes, 10 solid minutes of incomprehensible Wooki speak. So let's, let's join it for a second, shall we? Yeah. Let's all enjoy it.


And again, you said 10 minutes and you're not exaggerating. You're not being hyperbolic. Yeah. You can time it. That's, it's 10 minutes of Ws talking to each other with no subtitles. Fortunately I Couldn't follow it at first. Like I didn't even know who it was. I thought it was might've been Chewbacca's mom and dad. Oh yeah. That's Possible Little brother. Sure. And I. Don't find out until later when Mark Campbell shows up via a Skype call. Yeah. And says he really explains everything that had just happened. Like you're Chewbacca's father, right. Itchy Chewba his son. Lumpy. Lumpy, yeah. And Yurba his wife. Oh, Maah.


Yeah. Thank you. So before everybody starts like freaking out, we know that that's actually their nicknames, their real names are, his father is AIT Cook, AIC Cook. It's really hard to pronounce Mulatto Buck is his wife and his son is Lump Orum, But as named by Lucas. But yeah. But Lucas also named him Lumpy, itchy and Mala. Yeah. So they're all back there ringing their hands, trying to figure out ways to pass the time until they get word from Chewbacca that he's made it to, what is it? Ketchup. Kook. Kook.


Did you say Ketchup? Ketchup or kaupp if you're fancy. Yeah. But Chewbacca is having trouble getting back to Kook because Kook. Kook because there's a, a blockade by the Empire. Yes. And they're looking for rebels specifically Chewbacca who I didn't realize this. He's the most famous wookie of all. Did you know that? Yeah, of course. I didn't know that. Well, I mean, he's the only one that really appears in the movies or, I mean, to that degree. But we're seeing like, you know, these people's view of the universe. Sure. What about back on Kook? Yeah. He might have just been a fly by night Wooki, right? Yeah. But not the case. Very famous Wooki.


Yeah. And he really loved it, like soak in his fame. Alright, so he realizes there's a problem Vilan, he goes to Lucas and is like, I don't know man, this is your world, but it may not be the strongest thing to do to set this in Wiki land and have all this incomprehensible dialogue. And he says he was met with a glacial stair and then well He, he put it a little differently than that. Well He said glacial stair. He did the glacial stair that he got was for this quote. He said, these people just talk and what sounds like fat people having an orgasm. Yeah. He goes, If, you want, you can set up a tape recorder in my bedroom and I'll do all of the foing it for it.


Yeah. He's a large guy. He is. So that's what got the glacial stare. But Va later said that from the, there was one development meeting that Lucas attended. And. it was, here's the Wookie Bible. Tell me what you got. And it, Valan said He and the other writers and producers and director were just kind of throwing ideas. And George Lucas would either say like, no, that doesn't work. Give 'em a glacial stare or say Yes. That's exactly it. Yes. Let's make this a variety show. Yeah. and there was a little bit of background there. The, the Cantina players in the band had appeared on other variety shows at that point. Yeah. And I think it went over fairly well.


Just as a short segment on, unlike the Richard Pryor Variety Show or Donnie Marie. Yeah. Man. There were a lot of variety shows. The, But that's what I'm saying. It was that was television. That's what you did. Yeah. Like the Brady's the, the, the show had its course and then it became a variety show. It was just everybody loved variety shows. Yeah. I still do. By, by this time though, everybody was sick of variety shows. Right. And so it really was a terrible choice. In Fact, they even hired a couple of writers from Shields and Yarnell, Which I hadn't heard of, had You Oh yeah. I watched it. It was, what's that creepy, this mime couple who had their own variety show and they figured these two will be great because they are used to working without words.


Right. So and so there is a certain logic to the variety show's, not just that it's logic all over the place. It's not just that variety shows were popular. Yeah. At the time it, it, somebody was like, well Wikis, you don't understand what they're saying. So this is all gonna be very physical. So these people who, who did what is it, shields and Yarnell. Yeah. That, that's a perfect choice. That, that makes complete sense. You can see this whole, this whole process of leading up to the point where it was produced and shot and everything. Yeah. A a series of like, oh, we have this problem. Well here's a fix. Yeah. But that leads to another problem. Well, we'll fix it with this. And, and no one's stepping back and being like, all we've done is create a series of problems that are going to come together and make one extraordinarily large problem that will become legendary.


No one did that. And so the whole thing was, was made. That's right. And, it eventually airs on November 17th, 1978. A Friday at 8:00 PM Eastern Time. That's Right. And according to on CBS Nielsen ratings, it attracted 13 million viewers lost the second hour Just in the US it aired in six or seven countries total. Yeah. But no one cares about that. I guess not. 'cause none of those are on the internet. You know, It, it finished second to the love boat in the second, or I'm sorry, from eight to nine. And in the next hour, I actually finished behind part two of a mini series about Pearl Harbor starring Angie Dickinson. So Yeah. It didn't even win their respective hours.


No. 13 million. That's, that's not bad. The thing is apparently If, you look at the Nielsen ratings graph for the first hour. Yeah, we know about that graph. It's okay. Yeah, we do. And then after a, a very important part, which we'll talk about soon, it just drops off at the end of the first hour And. that actually probably made the executives at CBS cringe for a number of reasons. Number one is this special was originally supposed to just be an hour, but so many advertisers wanted to sign on. Yeah. That they extended it to two hours. Oh. You can tell And it shines through. You can totally tell that this thing was never supposed to be, I think an hour might have been stretching it to tell you the truth.


Oh yeah. It's 30 minutes of content. 40 if you're generous an hour meh. And then two hours it becomes one of the worst things that was ever put on television. Alright, well let's take a break and then we'll talk a little bit more about the actual, I even don't want to call it content, but it is content in the strictest definition. Sure. Right after this, attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Well give the gift of adventure that will last all year long.


A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride a bike in just one day. No training wheels needed. Very nice. But what sets guardian bikes apart? Well, they're designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames. They offer superior control and balance. And this particular design gives young riders the ability to learn. And again, just one day without any tears or frustration. That's Right. They're assembled here in the United States of America. And, I, gotta say, guardian Bikes was kind enough to send my daughter a guardian bike. And she loves this thing. It's her first big girl bike. I put it together with great ease and this thing is a great bike. So join the hundreds of thousands of happy families, including Chucks by getting a guardian bike today.


Their holiday sales have begun offering the biggest deal of the year. You can save up to 33% on bikes, no discount code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter, just visit guardian bikes.com and happy riding. Hey, come on In. Small Business Saturday is right around the corner and so was that shop you've been meaning to check out on November 30th. Support your local community by shopping small on small business Saturday, founded by American Express. Pick up a new outfit, a handmade gift, some vintage vinyl, maybe even some local team.


Thanks so much. See you soon. Shop on Small Business Saturday, November 30th. That's the powerful packing of American Express Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, Capital. One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


Hey everybody. We wanna talk to you about our old friends at Squarespace, which is probably the best way you can make your own website, especially if you're running a business because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Yeah. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus your customers are gonna have more ways to pay with all sorts of different payment methods from Klarna to a CH direct deposit, apple Pay, clear Pay in the uk. The list just goes on. That's right. Squarespace also makes it really easy to sell access to content on the website that you build. Like online courses, blogs, videos, and memberships. Yeah. You can earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind the paywall. You just simply set the price and choose whether to charge a onetime fee or a subscription for access. And you walk away whistling and happiness. That's Right. So just go to squarespace.com/stuff and when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or a domain square space.


All right. So the show itself, we've given you the, the main plot line, which again, is that Chewy is trying to get back to his home planet to celebrate Life Day with his family. Right. That's it. And again, we almost barely see Chewy. Yeah. The rest is his family on Kook waiting for him to come back for a life day. Yeah. So some of the various things they did, there were guest stars. There was Harvey Corman from the Carol Burnett Show. Okay. One of my all time favorites. Him or Carol? Carol Burnett show. Both. He's great. Yeah. He actually If you watch what he's doing. You're like, this guy's, he's a comedy genius for sure. Well, apparently he too was like the only one on set that was bringing levity.


He was joking around and kind of kept spirits up. Good for him. That's what I say. And he had three Different RP three different parts. Yeah. He played, well I don't even know the names actually. We could look 'em up. But he played a, he played a Julia Child-like cook. There's an actual cooking segment, A long one, A very long cooking segment where Chewbacca's wife makes Banta stew To kill some, thy to Kill some thyme. Both because there's wait Both on her planet and in our living room. Yeah. So Harvey Corman is in drag is a forearmed. Julia Childlike TV chef. Right. And I. Think it's Gourmand is her name.


Gourmand. That makes total sense. Yeah. He also plays, there's this one weird bit where Chewbacca's son tries to figure out a way to trick the storm troopers. The, the Empire had come and kind of, because the blockade raided the house and other properties. So he tries to trick them by I think rigging a com link to speak in a, a different voice. So he has to watch the instruction manual. He watches an instruction video, which Was Harvey Kittel as a robot. It Oh, it would've been wonderful to have been Harvey Kittel. Oh, What'd I say? Harvey Kittel. Harvey Corman. Oh man. Harvey Ell murder someone in the middle of the instruction.


Oh, would be great. Harvey Corman. And then the final role he had was as a, a bar patron in the cantina that drinks, he has a hole in the top of his head, like a volcano where he pours his drinks in. That's how he drinks. And he, he loves be Arthur. Did we mention Be Arthur was in it? Be Arthur is not only in it. Chuck, she sings a song. She Does. She is the unbeknownst to everyone. She manages or maybe owns the Cantina. She's the owner. Yeah. The what's the Moz What? Mo Def Cantina? No, Mo Def is a rapper. Oh yeah. I think you mean Moss Isley? Yes. Yes. That Cantina. She's the owner. Be Arthur is the owner. Yeah. Be Arthur of the Golden Girls.


But in this case be Arthur of Maude because Sure. As one of the people who wrote one of the articles we base this song points out, she's just basically playing Maude is the owner of the Cantina. Yeah. And her song comes because they basically say there's a lockdown, so you gotta call last call at your bar. So she calls last call by singing a song to everyone. Right. And again, we can't possibly have this script lead anywhere else but Chewbacca's House while his family waits for it. So all this takes place as part of a public service announcement basically. Yeah. Broadcast by the Empire. Yeah. About how immoral life on tattooing is.


So let's go see what's going on in the Moz Isley Cantina as it's being shut down for curfew. Yeah. Alright. This is incomprehensible, but it goes on. So there in it there's also Art Carney. Yes. He's of the Honeymooners fame. He's probably the star of the whole thing. Really? He has the most lines, I would say the most comprehensible line. Right. Yeah. So he plays a, a trader, a human trader that is recently been with Han Solo and Chewy and actually gets to kook and says they're on the way. It's all good. Yeah. A trader not trade tour. Yeah. A trader is in trades humans for, you know, money.


No, he he sells goods. Yeah. A trader. He doesn't trade humans. Yeah. He's in the human trade. No, he isn't really? Yeah. He trades humans. Like he sells humans. I looked it up in the, in Star Wars encyclopedia. It said that he was in the human trade. Huh. So in this Christmas special Yeah. Apparently they sanitized his, his background. Sure. Because he's basically just selling like gadgets and novelties and stuff like that to the wikis and the empire who were occupying the area. Yes. He comes bearing gifts. Yeah. 'cause he is a friend of Chewbacca's family. Yeah. So he comes bearing gifts. One of the gifts he gives is a sort of like a little digital insert to a, oh, I guess you would call it a virtual reality.


Hair dryer. Hair Dryer. Like a, a beauty shop hair dryer. Right. He gives it to Grandpa Itchy. Grandpa Itchy sits under this hairdryer, pops in this digital cassette And. it can only be described as soft core porn. Apparently the writers who were interviewed for this said that was totally the intent. Yeah. They were trying to get what amounted to soft court porn that would pass the sensors. That's right. So it's all, you can't even say it's innuendo. It's too obvious and overt for innuendo. Instead it's just, it's just, it's just gross. It's really gross.


Diane Carroll, great singer. Yes. She is a Vegas staple. Shows up and starts basically tantalizing Grandpa Itchy who again, this is Chewbacca's elderly father who now engages in some sort of Well he is, he's watching virtual reality pornography now. And this is a pretty lengthy segment in and of itself. Well, yeah. And she literally says to him like, now I can see you're really excited. Yeah. It, it's pretty rough to watch. Yeah. So then you've got another musical number because Also, again, he he shutters. Yeah. It's really strange. Alright, so there's also a, I know it seems like we're jumping around, but it's, it's so mind blowing.


No, we're not. Like, this is pretty much like blow for blow. Actually, I forgot earlier on in, in the, in the special, there's one of my favorite sequences is when Grandpa Itchy goes over to Lumpy and basically sets up, remember the, the hologram chess board that they played in a New Hope? Yeah. Basically kind of sets that up and says, here, just play this. He pushes the button, which is clearly a 1970s cassette recorder and another like, it's like a Cirque de Soleil acid trip. Yeah. Gymnast routine happens in front of the kids' eyes. Yeah.


And again, this all just, it's not like it shows a snippet. They show the entire segments like 5, 6, 10 minutes long Sure. Of all of these things. So you would think, okay, they've gone to this hologram well a couple of times, why not go to it again? Well they do. They do. To kill more time while the Imperial Guard is ransacking their house. Art Kearney apparently, I guess is trying to get one of the Imperial Guard, the leader I think. Or one of the leaders. Yeah. Who looks like somebody from Space Balls, by the way. Very much so. Yeah. And the writer of the Vanity Fair article, by the way, said this, this is so incomprehensible. The specialist, George Lucas didn't even have the Schwartz with him at the time.


So anyway, art Kearney's distracting this Imperial leader while they're ransacking the Wie's House, Chewbacca's house with a hologram. And this hologram, instead of being an Acrobat or Diane Carroll or any kind of porn or anything like that, is Jefferson Starship. And they decide that they're going to play Light the Sky on Fire, which apparently is about UFOs. It's a little Music video basically it, It's a pre, yeah. It's the predecessor to like video Kill the Radio Star. You can tell. Yeah. And again, it is the whole lengthy song. Yeah. The whole thing. So every time that somebody's like, we need to escape mentally from what's going on here in our house, let's go into this video world.


It's not just, and they don't cut back and forth. No, It's okay. Here's five minutes of Jefferson Starship performing this song. Yeah. And even the Jefferson Starship guys were like, yeah. It was sort of a weird trip. Like we didn't get it, but we did it. Right. They gave us some money. Yeah. And some cocaine. Well probably so. So we said, yeah, Chuck, I think though there yet another segment like this is actually widely regarded as the high point of the whole thing. Oh Sure. Agreed. So there is a cartoon actually. Yeah. That Lumpy. Lumpy watches. Yeah. Lumpys, like the Imperial Guard is still ransacking my house.


I think I'll entertain myself by watching a cartoon on my little iPad. I don't iPad what it, I guess it was an iPad. Yeah. And he watches this cartoon and it's, it's actually remarkable for a number of reasons. It's the best part of the whole special Yeah. Generally agreed upon as such. Right. Not just us And, it introduces Boba Fe. It's the first time Boba Fe ever makes an appearance in the Star Wars universe. Yeah. It's actually not a bad, and you can't find it in the, the one version I told you to watch. They removed it for copyright. But you can watch a separate version. Right. You can find it on its own. Yeah. And it's, it's very much reminiscent of like the cartoon style of the day. Like a He-Man or something. For Sure. Even, even it's even a little more artsy than that.


Yeah. but it does have a plot that you can follow that makes sense as a Star Wars thing. Yeah. And, it introduces Boba Fe, like you said. And it's actually not bad. It's like Luke and R two and C3 po. Yeah. And there's like they crash on a planet or something like That. Yeah. And Han and Chew where you're in it. Yeah. That it's the first time we see and Darth Vader, it's the first time we see Boba Fet And that he is, that he is just doing whatever he can do for money. Right. Like Luke trusts him at first C3 po. Is like, you sure you should trust him this quick? Yeah. And he's like, oh three po you in your non-trusting ways. Sure. And then it turns out he's selling them out to the dark side. So it's, it's basically Boba Fe is an allegory for George Lucas himself.


So the cartoon comes and goes And. that was the thing that came at about the end of the first hour mark. And after that everybody just turned off their television sets. Yeah. I don't remember Did you watch this when it came on? Yeah, I remember watching, watching it, but I don't remember much about it. Like if I made it through at all. I mean it was, I was seven And. it was on till 10, so I probably didn't make it through it all. Yeah. Umprobably Wasn't allowed. Probably disturbed, Who knows? I just remember that. I'll have to ask my brother. He might have a memory of this. Oh bet he does. I'm sure he met everybody afterwards or something like that. You know, it has a picture. Well He was 10 at that point. So cynicism had, you know, become a thing in his life probably. Oh, by then.


Sure. Didn't that when cynicism kicks In to tennis, I can see Scott holding out to 1415. Yeah, Maybe so. So Chuck, the whole thing finally does end. And actually there's a guy, his name's Nathan Raven, he writes over at the AV club. Yeah. He had a great quote. He basically said that one of the great redeeming values of this, this special is that it does eventually end. Yeah. You know what the first part of the quote is? I'm not convinced the special wasn't ultimately written and directed by a cit bag of cocaine. Yeah. And it. Like go read his, his review of the Star Wars holiday special 'cause he goes on to describe exactly what that must have been like. Yeah. That development meeting where the bag of cocaine is pacing back and forth talking about what should happen.


Right. That's what it feels like. But it doesn't And it ends even more. It takes this bizarre two hours and wraps it up in just a nice bizarre bow. Yeah. So what happens is, eventually Han Solo, should we say, spoiler alert, eventually Han Solo and Chewy make it to the planet. They park on the far side of the planet because they know the, the, the Imperial forces are there and The exercise will do Chewy Good. Yeah. So they have to hike over there. They eventually make it back home. They find a storm, the storm troopers at their house. Right. Their tree hut. Yeah. Which by the hu boy high hut, the, the paintings that set this up, I don't think we mentioned, I don't even call 'em matte paintings.


It looks like someone painted something in on the wall and they just like put a camera in front of it. Pretty much. Yeah. Yeah. So they get back and Chewbacca Han Solo hides around the corner, Chewbacca steps in front of his son to protect him. Sure. Han Solo jumps out and the storm trooper trips over a pile of logs and falls over the balcony And dies in a holiday special. So they wouldn't even, han not only could he not shoot first with Guido, but they couldn't even have him like wrestle the storm trooper and throw him off. He trips over a log. Right. And Han Solo has his hands thrown up, like, wasn't me. It Might as well been a banana peel, you know?


Right. But again, this is basically produced by Vaudevillians starring Vaudevillians. Why not have the one death take place from basically what amounts to somebody slipping on a banana peel. Exactly. It's a, it's a perfect way to end it. So that's that, that guy basically represents the end of the imperial threat for the rest of life day. Yeah. And we, we then see Life Day being celebrated, which is celebrated by lots of wikis assembling in what looks like a giant Olin Mills portrait. Yeah. And all of them are wearing red robes. Sure. And I know I'm up talking and it's because my mind is still having trouble like wrapping around this.


Oh yeah. And then Princess Leia comes out with C3 po. Is Mark Hamill there? The whole gang's there, if I'm not mistaken. Okay. The whole gang's there. And then they all gather around to hear a great quote from Princess Leia, which we will read verbatim. This holiday is yours. But we all share with you the hope that this day brings us closer to freedom and to harmony and to peace. No matter how different we appear. We're all the same in our struggle against the powers of evil and darkness. I hope that this day will always be a day of joy in which we can reconfirm our dedication and our courage and more than anything else, our love for one another.


This is the promise of the Tree of Life Q song. Right. And we should also point out The Tree of Life has never been mentioned up to this point. I had no idea what that was. Just makes a sudden appearance at the end. And when you say Q Song by Q Song, you mean Princess Leia starts singing. Yeah. And apparently that was one of the big contingencies on Carrie Fisher being involved. Yeah. She's going through a phase where she's like, I kinda like singing Bruce Valan calls it her Joni Mitchell period. Yeah. And she somehow convinced them to let her sing as Princess Leia. And she does. And again, I've said that she looked like she's on drugs. This is the point where she really does look like she's on drugs. And it's not just me, other writers who've written reviews of this, it's really obvious that she possibly smoked a decent amount of pot before she shot this shot, this scene.


But she sings o Okay. It's fine. It's just the, the fact that Princess Leia is singing, and actually Bruce Valan had a really great quote too. He says that she very much wanted to show this side of her talent and there was general dismay because this was not what we wanted Princess Leia to be doing. Yeah. She did it anyway. So the whole thing ends with her singing this song about Life Day. Oh yeah. Which is set loosely to the John Williams Star Wars theme. Yeah. So along the way, the director, original director quit. A new director, Steve Binder was hired to finish the job and bring it in. And he did Over the original $1 million budget.


Of course. Always. He did bring it in. And at, at this point, George Lucas had, he was, he was working on Empire Strikes Back. He didn't know what was going on. He wasn't around for the shoot. No, it wasn't until it aired. I think that he actually saw it. Yes. And. it was a travesty. Obviously If, you haven't noticed that by now. Critics hated it. Star Wars fans really hated it. E Everybody hated the people who were in it. Hated it. Lucas hated it. Even Harvey Corman secretly hated it. Yeah. Even Harvey Tel hated it actually. He loved it. But Lucas has been asked over the years about it a lot, and he doesn't talk about it much. But in 2005, And I, don't buy this for a second, he says it was an interview he said special from 1978 really didn't have much to do with us.


You know, that part is true. I can't remember what network it was even on, but it was a thing that they did. That's a lie. There's no way he doesn't know. That was CBS. Yeah. We kinda just let them do it. I believe that it was done by, I can't even remember who the group was, but there were a variety of TV guys. I'm sure he remembers a few of them. We let them use the characters and stuff. And, that probably wasn't the smartest thing to do, but you learn from those experiences. Yeah. I think they even use some of the footage from the movie At the end. It looks like Some of the space stuff, It's like a highlight reel of the gang. Well, and during the, it looked like some of the, they had some insert shots of like imperial cruisers and tie fighters and stuff that looked like It was from the movie.


Yeah. And like remember when, when Chewbacca like leans back and puts his hands behind his head? Yeah, yeah. That's in there. It's, it's like a, it's just a highlight reel from the movie saying like, yeah, feel like this. Go see the movie. Well and also that means it doesn't match the look of the rest of it at all. Yeah, that's true. It's just sort of inserted in there. They tried. They definitely tried. And George Lucas is totally full of it because in 1987 he told Star Log Magazine that the Christmas special would be out on video cassette very soon. Yes. And in 2007, two years after that quote, you just read where he is like, I don't even know what you're talking about. Basically he apparently considered releasing the Christmas special as a bonus on the, the DVDs of the first three.


Right. But did not. Didn't. And apparently Carrie Fisher told Lucas that If, you want me to do DVD extras? Commentary. Yeah, commentary. Then I want a, a clean original copy of the holiday special. Yes. So why You go Ahead. So I can play at parties when I want people to leave. It's pretty great. It is. So, and there is one of those clean copies is floating around out there. So you can watch this in it in its entirety. Some of it, like the cartoon was removed due to copyright infringement, And, that kind of stuff. But as, as the case with the rest of the internet, you can just go find it elsewhere and, and piece it together. There's also the original ads that aired in Baltimore Yeah.


That are just fascinating. Yeah. Those are Always fun GM ads where one of the guys who's in quality control is, he says, did you watch it? I don't think I saw that one. He goes, we really care about these cars. And that's no jive man on a GM man. And he's like, dead serious. Oh, They were trying to be hip. Yeah. It's pretty good stuff. Here's my final thought on it. I love it. It does not taint my Star Wars experience or my love for the franchise. Okay. And I'm glad it is out there because it, it's a, it's a fun little stain that shouldn't be taken too seriously. I think it adds to it actually.


'cause it's campy and awful. Yeah. And I. Don't know. Somehow that enriches the rest of it. I'm with you. You like it? Oh yeah. I mean, I watched it twice. I wouldn't have watched it a second. I wouldn't have made it through the first time. I, lemme take that back. I as I'm a pro. Yeah. So I would've made it through the first time. I wouldn't have watched it a second time if I wasn't, there wasn't something about it. And I figured out. I think the thing that I like the most about it is Lumpy Chewbacca's son. Yeah. Played by an actress named Patty Maloney, who frankly is hands down the best actor in the entire thing. She like her responses and everything. Yeah. Is just awesome. I Think my favorite parts are, well there's a great Wilhelm scream.


Yes. I noticed that too. The storm true for trips over the Log. Jerry would not have noticed it. And then there's a part where all the wooki dialogue you can't understand, but there's clearly one part where, where itchy and lumpy are having an exchange where lumpy you can make it out goes, I Love you. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. I noticed that as well, But it's covered up. But someone was like, we have to have at least one exchange where you sort of know what they're saying. Sure. Or they were like, I think she just said I love you. Should we have 'em redo it? And the director's like, no, I want to go and Chuck, there's one other thing that I figured out from watching this. What's that? It's not readily apparent. The whole thing has made all the more odd And that there's situation after situation after situation where we as normal audiences were trained to expect the laugh track.


Yeah. But there's not a laugh track. Yeah. I didn't noticed That. Had there been a laugh track? Yeah, it would. It might've been less bizarre. Yeah. But the fact that it's missing just makes your, it agitates the mind. So it's this whole additional element that It is weird. I never thought about that. There's just weird moments of silence all throughout it. Yeah. Like when Art Kearney's doing his thing. Yeah. Telling jokes. Yeah. Okay. I agree with you Chuck. Don't take things too seriously. I think that's the great lesson in this. Yeah. And in two, That's the lesson of life day. It is. And in 2007 riff tracks. Yeah. The great Mystery Science theater, 3000 guys, Mike Nelson, bill Corbett and Kevin Murphy provided audio commentary for the full version of the special.


So try and go grab that If. you can as well. Oh you can. It's on their site because it's great. I think it's like eight bucks In. And those guys are awesome and they are, At least I think Corbett listens to us. So, Hey Corbett, You got anything else? No, no. I think we did this. There's some good stuff. Go read the Vanity Fair article, Han Solo Comedy Hour. There's a book called How Star Wars Conquered the Universe that has a very interesting chapter about this. That's where we found it asserted that George Lucas never said that he would smash this thing with a sledgehammer. Right. And there's also an entire website dedicated to it. Star Wars holiday special.com. Yeah. And If, you wanna know more about the Star Wars holiday special?


We have a ton of Har Star Wars stuff on how stuff works by the way. Yeah. We have cool sort of fun articles about the Death Star and Lightsabers Videos with Holly Fry from stuff you missed in History klas. Yeah. Who she knows her stuff She does. So you can just type Star Wars in the search bar@howstuffworks.com and it'll bring up some cool stuff for you. Since I said search bar, it's time for Listener Mail. Hey guys, just finished listening to the Voyage Manuscript podcast. Found it super interesting, especially the theories on its definition or origin. I know Josh mentioned Chuck's theory of it being drug induced is somewhat surprising or even unlikely given the language and the manuscript follows. Linguistic laws only founded in the past 100 years.


But If, you think about it, it's a tough, it's tough to stray away from familiar structures, especially for something like language. I think back to when I was younger and friends invented their own languages or even in writing a song or poetry, creativity can sometimes be limited by what we know. So just thought I'd contribute that to the conversation. Nice. Thanks. Big thanks for all you guys do. I found the podcast after moving to San Diego in the last few years for some noise around my apartment. So basically we were blocking out noise. We do that, which I love. And then as a way to get through traffic on my commute home from work, you guys are far more interesting and enjoyable than television and YouTube videos. I'm sure I've listened to hundreds and we'll continue to Listen to hundreds more.


Keep on keeping on. That is from Amy j Moffitt. Thanks a lot. Amy. In San Diego, does that mean like place of the whales in German or something like that? Yeah, yeah. If, you want to get in touch with us? You can tweet to us at SYSK podcast. You can join us on facebook.com/ Stuff You Should Know. You can send us an email to stuff podcast@howstuffworks.com. And as always, join us at our home on the web Stuff You Should Know dot com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you Listen to your favorite shows.


Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the adventure Ready, RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


There's joy to be had in finding the perfect gifts for the ones you love. And sax dot com's holiday gift guide can make it easy whether it's surprising your hard to shop for sister with a Chloe bracelet bag or gifting your partner a memorable scent from Gucci that matches their personality. Sax dot com's handpicked guide can help take the stress out of the holidays, like adding instant here to your home with bright decor or giving yourself some comfort by bundling up in a scarf coat from teem. Find gifts guaranteed to bring joy to everyone. This season@sachs.com,


this is Simone Boyce from the Bright Side. Beauty is about more than just beauty. It's about worth, individuality, and the power that comes from being your truest self. At L'Oreal Paris, beauty means embracing who you already are, enhancing the diverse features, experiences, and personality that makes you well. You L'Oreal's beauty essentials. Combine innovative products with that classic for reason touch to help you feel like your most confident self. Because taking on the world is a little less scary when you feel ready for your closeup. L'Oreal Paris because you are worth it. Learn more at L'Oreal paris.com.