
With Hyundai America's best warranty, including a 10 year, 100,000 mile powertrain. Limited warranty is a given, not a luxury. And the safety features that have helped Hyundai win nine IIHS top safety picks. Again, not a luxury high strength steel. Nope. Durability is never a luxury. And If, you think that orchestra you're hearing is a luxury. Well, you got me there. But when it comes to a Hyundai, quality is never a luxury. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details. Hyundai, there's Joy in every journey.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food, and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Hey everybody. Chuck here back. I'm still in my spooky mood from two weeks ago 'cause I'm introducing this episode from January 30th, 2018. It's a follow up to two weeks ago about the Manson family. It's called The Manson. Family Murders Part two. What happens? Will Charlie get away with it? I doubt it. Welcome to Stuff. You Should. Know A, production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark. There's Charles w Chuck Bryant. There's Jerry Roland over there.


And this is Stuff You. Should Know about the Manson family. Part two. That's right. If. you if you're listening to this one first and you're doing it wrong. So no need to recap. Just go Listen to Part one. There you go. And we'll pick up with the Beatles white album, which was a very big deal in how this figures in great, great album. Obviously as a Beatles fan, I know you're not super into them, but I love the White album. It's, they're arguably their weirdest album. And it spoke to Charles Manson for sure, because he really became pretty obsessed with it and diving into deconstructing the album.


It's a very dense, long album anyway, and there's a lot to it. So it's no wonder that Charles Manson with the head full of acid would think that the Beatles are speaking to him. Right. And he definitely did. So he apparently had a history already of deconstructing Beatles lyrics, but before he was deconstructing lyrics to like Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, which compared to the White album is decidedly upbeat and positive. Right? So while he was in prison, he was super into The Beatles. When he gets out, the Beatles released the White album. He's already obsessed with them, but now he's on tons and tons of acid. The White album is kind of a downer compared to Sergeant Peppers.


And the fact that it's speaking to Charles Manson, like really made things turn dark, it seems like, as far as him and the people in his orbit are concerned. Yeah. So they're hanging out, they're lightened bonfires, they're doing drugs. They're listening to Charles Manson stomp around with his tiny feet and his redneck voice talking about Helter Skelter, which is a great, great Beatles song. And basically sort of, sort of renamed his, his vision for the, this race war and impending apocalypse helter skelter.


He, he kinda stole that from the Beatles as Bono would later go on to say, Yeah, he stole it from the Beatles. But he also took it again as like a message that The Beatles were sending him a sign that he needed to prepare his family for this, because they were the chosen ones, basically who should wait out the, the Race Riot in the, in Death Valley. So there's this whole idea that the, all of the Tate La Bianca murders took place to further this idea of helter skelter to strike, strike the match that would set it off to get things going right. And this idea, apparently is the creation of the prosecutor in the case, a guy named Vincent Bugliosi, who wrote a book called Helter Skelter, like a 600 page book.


Basically this, the definitive true crime book on the Manson family and the Manson family murders. And so most of the, most of what we said in part one, and most of what everybody knows about the Manson family murders are come through this lens that was established by Vincent Bugliosi, who is the lead prosecutor in the case, was privy to tons of information, to, to confessions, to interviews under questioning to all this stuff. But he's the one who pieced together the idea that the Manson family committed these murders to, to start helter skelter. That was his, his whole jam.


Yeah. Well, I mean, some of the Manson family Corrobor, corroborated, corroborated. It's in there somewhere. Corroborated. That's such hard time with that word. Corroborated. Corroborated. Yeah. I don't have to say it much luckily. 'cause I'm not in a life of crime. No, but some of them back that up in saying that, you know, at one point he wanted them to throw a wallet of a victim in a, in a black neighborhood, so, so that people would think it was, you know, black Panthers that did this. Yeah. But If you, so there was some evidence that that was probably the case. If, you talk though to Manson and you, or If, you listen to some of the stuff he says, some of these explanations, because over the years, people have said, what about this part?


What about this part? And have basically presented him with every aspect of the whole case against him. He, you know, a lot of the stuff, he has no explanation for nothing good. But that wallet is a sterling example of where it becomes obvious that, wait, we're, we're basically hearing one point of view about this, and we've never, that's all we've ever heard, which, if you're doing any kind of reporting, which you and I are not, but If you were inclined to do any kind of reporting. You never wanna just stick to just one source. And with the Manson family case, it's basically one source, and it's Vincent Bugliosi the prosecutor, but Manson explains it as he told, I think it was Linda Casabian to just get rid of that wallet that he was, it wasn't in a predominantly black neighborhood, and that he told her to get rid of the wallet because it was hot.


And she hid the wallet actually in the tank of a toilet in a women's bathroom, in a gas station, which is hardly where you'd put it If. you wanted a black person to find it, to use the credit cards inside and to tip off the cops that a black person was behind the Tate la Bianca murders. So when you, when you kind of dive into stuff like that, you see that there actually are two competing explanations in some aspects of this case. Yeah. but I think Casabian herself said that too though, didn't she? Yeah. The thing is, is If you are If, you listen, you can Believe Charles Manson. Right? I know. That's, that's the thing is there's a terrible realization when you're like, actually I'm, wait a minute, I'm, I, I understand what Charles Mans is saying here.


The w with with stuff like that, when you look at the, the testimony, these were people who were on trial for murder, who had every incentive to go along with the lead prosecutor's theory, that it was all Charles Manson's fault. They could have maybe immunity, they could have, they, they could have charges dropped against him that by saying, yes, this is the case, or having their testimony jive with what Vincent Bogle's case was. They had an incentive to do that. Whether Charles Manson is right or correct or lying from a, from a an objective perspective, the people on Trial for murder had a, a, an incentive to agree with Vincent Bugliosi.


All right. So the way they got caught was actually pretty interesting, unrelated to these murders, police raided Spawn Ranch, because it was sort of became known that, that people were living there, that were out on these creepy crawls doing these crimes. And so that's why they were originally fingered, as they say in the biz. And they, they went there and they raided Spawn Ranch. And a lot of the family were arrested at that time for like car theft and burglary and stuff. They were released on a technicality and then went to Death Valley to that weird ranch. If you've ever been to Death Valley, it's not a place you wanna hang out.


No, It's not. Especially in the summertime. Is that where Joshua Tree is? No, that's Joshua Tree. But that's not in Death Valley. No, they're two, those are two different places. But is it close by is the same type of terrain kind of thing? Yeah. I mean, I've been to both. Are they similar? Well, I mean, Joshua Tree is, is the desert for sure, but is very lovely. Like, I don't remember much about Death Valley that was, I think it was not very hospitable for me. It's a, it's appropriately named. Yeah, I think so. Okay. And of course, now people are gonna say Death Valley's the best, you know what you're talking about.


Heavy sweater. So they go to Death Valley. Then there were a bunch of raids at the Death Valley camp between October 10th and 12th of 1969. And eventually they ended up rounding up the people responsible for these murders without knowing that they were responsible for these murders. So they were, they were in jail, kind of luckily already in jail when they sort of decided they could pin, well, not pin, like legitimately pin these murders on these people. So this being the second time, there's, there's something that I've ran across in Research, Chuck, that it never gets talked about, but is I think really significant at both of those raids, the Spawn Ranch raid and the Death Valley rate.


The, the state took children from this. Like there were kids, babies, toddlers, little kids running around growing up, like at the Spawn Ranch and at the Barker Ranch, which is extraordinarily troubling. And some of them have been, are thought to have possibly been Charles Manson's kids. Like he may have had some, some, there's just so much free love going on and so many pregnancies that were the results of this free love. It was difficult to say whose kid was whose, but it's, they think that it's possible at least one or two of those kids was Charles Manson's kids. And they were taken by the state and later adopted by people. But it's like, you know, it's one thing to think of a bunch of hippies just out in the, the desert taking acid just being idiots, you know, and then eventually it turning dark and murderous.


But the idea that there were kids around at any part of this is really, I find that very troubling. Yeah, for sure. I mean, there, I mean, all those cults had kids roaming around. They just weren't murderous cults, you know? Yep. So Susan Atkins, for her part, she agreed to testify initially against Charles Manson to avoid the death sentence, which for a few years more was still a thing in California. I think in 1972, they reversed that, but at the time, the death sentence was, was a threat at the time of the crimes. So she had a grand jury testimony. It basically led to Manson being arraigned for these murders in December of 69.


She recanted that testimony and the deal was revoked by the prosecutors, but it was kind of too late at that point. Linda Casabian, who you might remember, was I think the getaway driver and then the one who would not knock on the right apartment door to kill the actor. So she, she'd actually didn't commit any murders at all, was not in any of the houses. She was granted m immunity for testifying. And I think she was the only one granted immunity. Right. Although I think, yeah, they just took the death penalty off, like you said, for Susan Atkins. And I don't know If you said this or not, but Susan Atkins is the reason the case broke open eventually when they rounded up all of the Manson family and had him in jail for the Death Valley raids for, for, you know, burglary and theft and stuff like that.


The way that they found out that the Manson family was responsible for the Tate and La Bianca murders was Susan Atkins bragging about it and a couple of her cellmates going and telling the cops. And that's originally how the case began against the Manson family. That's how the authorities originally found out. Big mouth. Yeah, I guess so. Alright, so let's take a break and we'll come back and talk a little bit about one of the weirdest, most sensational trials in American history. Right after this.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food, and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Plug in a Hyundai ev and the extraordinary happens. It's not just the ultra fast charging capability in long range in the Ioni five, in Ioni six, or the adventure seeking spirit of the Kona Electric, or the groundbreaking 601 horsepower, ionic five. And, and it's not just the comfort in knowing that every Hyundai EV is backed by a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EVs transform a low hum into a loud adventure. They bring color to your journey and turn energy into main character energy. So forget everything you thought you knew about EVs and turn the extraordinary into something truly electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated three three mile driving range for 2024 IQ five se SEL limited rear wheel drive and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Iion. Six se long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery. Estimated range varies for other models and trims and depends on battery capacity, temperature options, and other factors. Limited battery warranty covers defects materials for 10 years or 100,000 miles, whichever occurs first. See owner's manual For complete warranty details and limitations, visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


Stuff You Should Know is brought to you by our friends at Sierra Nevada Brewing Company, where trailblazing runs in the family. That's right. From introducing a generation to the glory of hops with their iconic bale ale to taking hazy IPAs nationwide with hazy little thing. One of my favorite beers. It's an adventurous spirit that you can taste in every sip. Yeah. What started in a home brew shop is now one of America's top craft breweries known for leading the industry in sustainability. And Sierra Nevada is still family owned with a passion for innovation and doing things right. So Find your next favorite beer. Wherever find beverages are sold from the original and always boldly, hoppy, pale ale to the juicy fruit forward hazy little thing with new brewers for every season, there's always something to discover. Sierra Nevada Brewing Company, still family owned, operated, and argued over. Visit sierra nevada.com today to taste the difference.


This podcast is supported by BetterHelp offering licensed therapists. You can connect with via phone, video, or chat. Here's BetterHelp, head of clinical operations, SSU Jo discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off and you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody. There's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit BetterHelp HE p.com/stuff for 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp dot com slash stuff.


All right, Chuck. So on December 11th, 1969, Charles Manson, who the public had just been acquainted with, I think just in the last few months, was finally arraigned for the murders of the Tate Lab, Bianca Murders. And I think the, did they get him for his role in the Hinman murder at that point? I'm not, I'm, I'm not actually sure about that. I'm definitely the Tate Lab, Bianca Murders, which was plenty enough. And he, it's, it's, it's kind of an understatement to say that he did not offer any public contrition.


He actually went the opposite way. Yeah, for sure. He was, well, the whole trial was chaos and he, he incited chaos at every turn to make it just a circus. And was quite successful at doing so. Initially wanted to represent himself and did for a little while. But the judge denied that Judge William Keen and said, you have to work with a lawyer because of the fact that you're just making this into a circus, basically. We need this to stay on track. And he actually was successful though Manson was getting Judge Keen ousted as judge and judge Charles der eventually would oversee the trial.


Yeah. And I read a 2013 interview with Manson, and the thing that seemed to still get him the most was that he was denied the ability to represent himself in court. Like he felt like he never got to have his say in court. And that was, that was the thing that got him more than anything else, not being locked up for his whole life or anything like that. It was that he didn't get to open his big mouth in court as much as he wanted to. So I guess we could go over some of these things that happened in court that that led to this circus atmosphere. And, and by the way, If, you wanna see it yourself. There's a pretty good dramatic recreation in the movie Helter Skelter that was based on Bogle's book.


Yeah. Nothing better than dramatic recreations. Yeah. Lots of yelling and screaming, lots of shouting and cursing, lots of disrespect to the judge and the American flag. They, they threw a copy of the Constitution in the garbage at one point, very famously, Charles Manson carved an X into his forehead, which later became a swastika saying that he was Xed out of the world. And then his family members would do the same and they would shave their heads and generally just try and disrupt things at every turn. Right. And they did. I mean, they were quite successful, but the trial kept going on and on.


Right. I think it was, it went on for a couple of years based on news articles I was reading about it. So it turns out though, that Richard Nixon supposedly had the most disruptive effect on the trial by saying, while the trial was going on, here's a man who was guilty directly or indirectly of eight murders without reason. He was the sitting US president commenting, saying unequivocally that this guy was guilty of a trial that was going on, which is, you just don't do that. It doesn't matter what the case is. Not not for any compassion for Charles Manson or anything like that, but just because even on the other side, you could have blown the case.


And and, and he legitimately could have created a mistrial there. Yeah. Just because the president said something and everyone reported on it. I can't imagine that happening today. I totally can't. It was a very Trumpian move. Yeah. So we, we talked, I think we covered the helter skelter thing enough, don't you? We did. but I think there's a, there's a big thing that all this hinges on is that there, the prosecution said, and you said earlier, you even had a quote from Tex Watson that Charles Manson told him to go and just destroy the people in that house gruesome as you can. Yeah. And the prosecution said that, that Charles Manson was trying to spark the helter skelter race war that he believed was gonna happen.


Manson's whole thing was this, here, this is Charles Manson's explanation for what happened and why he's innocent. He said, yeah, I believed in helter skelter. Yes, I believe there's a race war coming. I I talked about it at night around bonfires with everybody on acid. I also talked about death of the ego and all sorts of other stuff. And If, you ask me what happened was my friends just took things and went it took it too literally and went too far. And that it all hinged on this Bobby Busle thing, right? Yeah. And even, even before that, this lots of papa thing. So Tex Watson rips off Bernard lots of Papa Crow, and he is got a problem with lots of papa who wants to kill him now.


And Manson goes over there to help Tex Watson solve his problem by shooting, shooting lots of papa. So now as far as Manson and Texs are concerned, Tex owes Watson a debt, any kind of debt. Well, Manson's or Tex owns Manson a debt. Now Manson's friend Bobby Busle, who is one of his tightest family members, gets arrested for murder, the murder of, of Gary Hinman. And Manson says, well, you know, I mean, you should do something to help my brother Bobby Bussle. And you know, Tex says, well, what should I do? And apparently Manson flew off the handle and said, don't ask me what you should do.


You know what you should do. And that was that. And the next thing Manson knows Watson, Andre Winkle and Atkins are over at the Tate at the Tate residence carving up Sharon Tate and the rest of the people in the house. He didn't say anything about going to kill anybody. He didn't direct them anywhere. He didn't say anything like that. He just said they took what all the other stuff that he'd said to far and that really what they were doing was trying to cover up or cover for Bobby Bussle to get him out of prison. That's Manson's explanation for the whole thing. Well, yeah. And for and for the part, well, I guess we should go ahead and say that, that all of these people went to prison and Susan Atkins, Patricia Krin Winkle, Leslie Van Houghton, they all were, you know, still so under his spell that they were fully ready and did take the blame for these killings.


But when it comes to parole, it was in January, 1971 that they were all convicted on all the counts. Murder conspiracy, to commit murder. But years later, as parole hearings would come up for all these women and Tex Watson and Manson himself, the reason why they were continually denied, even like Tex Watson became a born again Christian and, and you know, supposedly turned his life around, but they all, none of them would, would take responsibility. All these years later. They would all still say that it was Manson. It was Manson. And from what I understand, a big part of getting your parole approved is to finally take full responsibility for what you had done.


Right. And none of them would do it. And they were all, all denied over the years. Susan Atkins eventually died of brain cancer in 2009. And then just a few days ago, well, Leslie Van Houten in September of last year was actually recommended for parole. And just a few days ago, as of this recording, the governor of California, Jerry Brown denied that. Oh, really? And said, no, she still isn't taking responsibility. And I think these cases are just so loaded still that it would be really tough, even though parole was recommended for the governor to, to approve that. you know, so we'll see.


They're gonna, apparently they're gonna keep pursuing that. And I'm not sure what the next steps are, but they're gonna fight that ruling by Jerry Brown and we'll see where that goes. So, so I think, and then Patricia Krin Winkle is still in, in prison. And I think now that Susan Atkins died, she is the longest serving female inmate in California prison system. Yeah. Oh, And. we should say too, that Squeaky from tried to kill Nixon. That's where she gained later fame. Oh, That was Ford. Oh, what'd I say? Nixon? Yeah. Yeah. Gerald Ford. And she's, she's outta prison. She, she lives in upstate New York, and I think the last I've seen of her was someone took her picture in a Walmart parking lot and she like smacked the camera down.


Yeah. So she, she's a, an interesting case Squeaky from, was out. She wasn't indicted for any of the murders or any role in the murders, but she was a number, she was the number two person to join the Manson family, remember? Yeah. And she still, to this day, refuses to denounce Manson. It's still very much all about Charles Manson and just as much as she was before. And she went to, I, I guess I, I'm not sure what she was doing with a gun and Gerald Ford, but she aimed a gun at Gerald Ford. It was, the gun wasn't loaded, but it, it still had the effect of sending her to prison for decades for an assassination attempt on the president.


Right. I'm surprised she ever got out. I am too. But she was paroled eventually, but she still, she still never denounced Charles Manson. All of the other ones, denounced Manson. She's the only one who has it. And supposedly one time she escaped in the eighties because she heard that Charles Manson was sick. So she broke her way outta prison to try to get to him, I guess. Yeah. She was a Manson family member who tried to kill the president and escaped from prison and they, she earned parole. Yeah. Hard to believe. But I think it's like you said, I think those, the case that Tate lab Bianca murders were so politically charged and so loaded that the, that like, it just didn't, they just weren't gonna get out.


The people who actually committed the, the murders. Yeah. Yeah. Manson had a interesting time in prison too. He had a, you know, guy try and kill him by lighting him on fire at one point. And like, I think like 20% of his body was badly burned. And he had a, a string of, of relationships with people from pen pals, which will kind of cover at the end to a, to a woman that he, did he actually marry that woman Recently? I don't, I don't know. She was in that 2013 article that I was reading, and I don't know if they got married, Man. We should do, I don't know what we would call it, but an episode on generally women who, who marry serial killers.


We totally should In prison. Let's do that. But first let's take a break. How about that? Yeah, let's do it. Okay.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food, and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Plug in a Hyundai ev and the extraordinary happens. It's not just the ultra fast charging capability in long range in the Ioni five, in Ioni six, or the adventure seeking spirit of the Kona Electric, or the groundbreaking 601 horsepower Ioni five N. And it's not just the comfort in knowing that every Hyundai EV is backed by a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EVs transform a low hum into a loud adventure. They bring color to your journey and turn energy into main character energy. So forget everything you thought you knew about EVs and turn the extraordinary into something truly electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated three three mile driving range for 2024 I five SE SEL L limited rear wheel drive, and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 Iion. Six se long range real wheel drive with fully charged battery. Estimated range varies for other models and trims into passeng and battery to capacity, temperature options, and other factors. Limited battery warranty covers defects materials for 10 years or 1000 miles, whichever occurs first. See owner's manual. For complete warranty details and limitations, visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


Stuff You Should Know is brought to you by our friends at Sierra Nevada Brewing Company, where trailblazing runs in the family. That's Right. From introducing a generation to the glory of hops with their iconic bae ale to taking hazy IPAs nationwide with hazy little thing. One of my favorite beers. It's an adventurous spirit that you can taste in every sip. Yeah. What started in a home brew shop is now one of America's top craft breweries known for leading the industry in sustainability. And Sierra Nevada is still family owned with a passion for innovation and doing things right. So find your next favorite beer. Wherever fine beverages are sold from the original and always boldly, hoppy, pale ale to the juicy fruit forward hazy little thing with new brews for every season, there's always something to discover. Sierra Nevada Brewing Company, still family owned, operated, and argued over. Visit sierra nevada.com today to taste the difference


With public dot com's high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums, or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance, just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Okay, Chuck, we're back. We were talking about, so Manson's in prison for a while there. This is just mind blowing to me for a good decade. He enjoyed actually more than that. He enjoyed the limelight. He, he could get interviewed by huge names, like you said, Diane Sawyer. Oh yeah. Charlie Rose. Geraldo Rivera very famously did an interview with Charles Manson, where apparently Manson you were saying how much poise Diane Sawyer showed during her interview. Supposedly Manson just owned Geraldo during that interview. It just totally took control of the whole thing. But these were things that were televised, like on, on National, national news.


And, and these, these people were giving, these networks were giving Charles Manson a platform to talk about himself, to talk about his philosophy. Oh yeah. To show the world how crazy he was. You know, he loved it To Oh yes. To keep him in the public, in the public eye and the public mind. Until finally after the Diane Sawyer interview, they, they not only pulled the plug on his interviews, they said for there you couldn't televise interviews with any inmates from in California because of Charles Manson, basically. So it's just really strange to me, especially these days looking back that he had a platform for so long to stay that boogeyman, you know, that that just scared the bejesus out of America.


Yeah. I think those last like, whatever, like 23, 25 years in prison with no limelight was that had to have been like the darkest time of his life. 'cause he, yeah. you know, he wanted, he clearly wanted to be a, a singing star. And in a weird way, he ended up kind of getting what he wanted because some of his music ended up being recorded by, you know, the Guns N Roses and the Lemonheads. And he became this kinda weird cult figure and not as in Jim James cult. Mm. Oh, like Jim Jones, not Jim James cult movie type cult. He's my morning Jacket.


Yeah. Jim Jones. But like a yeah, like a cult figure and revered by some people. Weirdly, it just, it's so strange that Right. People would look at him that way, you know. So one person who revered him later on in life was a woman, I believe he named Star, and she moved from her parents' house in Mississippi out to California to be just down the street from where Yeah. Manson was held. And this was, she was the woman who was supposed to, to marry him. Right. And she was a follower of his, she said she didn't care anything about 1969.


He, so Manson later in life became really interested in preserving the environment. He came up with this thing called awa air, trees, water, I can't remember the last A air Yeah. Air again that would be, and TWAA. Right. So she became very interested in him for his ecological stance. Right. And she moved out to be close to him, And. we visit him on weekends and they became very close. And I, I guess to kind of demonstrate to the world that he, he still had it, I still got it. World. Yeah. He asked her to carve an X in her forehead and she did.


Wow. So she was also big time into collecting and selling Manson memorabilia. Yeah. And Ed points out in this article, I think he's referring to her that the whole marriage thing may have been a ploy to get at Manson memorabilia, but I don't believe that's the case at all. Hmm. So she actually ran a website and still does called manson direct.com and it's, it's like up to date. So I, I think she had not abandoned him after some big, big score with memorabilia. Like she seems to have been the, the real deal follower, like a, a early Manson family girl reincarnated.


Huh. Weird. So there were a bunch of other, I saw an article where there were at least 10 other weird deaths related to the Manson family that some people say could have been them or maybe not. Looked into a few of 'em. There was his original, or at least this guy was originally going to represent Manson, as is an attorney named Ron Hughes. He ended up representing, I think Leslie Van Houghton. Yeah. But she, he disappeared while on a, there was a 10 day recess in the trial. So he goes camping with another couple and the couple left and he's like, I'm gonna stay on here in the woods.


He was never seen again. So that was a little weird. They never found a body or anything, I don't think. It wasn't, they, even though he was one of their defense attorneys, they had a huge grudge against him. Because like you said earlier, van Houghton, Kren, Winkle and Atkins were all, or not Atkins, I can't remember who the third one was, were all going to, to incriminate themselves. So as Leslie Van Houghton's defense attorney, he said, I'm not, I, he rested after the prosecution rested. He never presented a defense. Yeah. Because he knew that they were going to incriminate themselves and he refused to take part in it. So they had a grudge against him. So, So It, it's possible, Possibly there was a Spawn Ranch worker that, that disappeared and he, they were actually convicted some other family members of his murder.


His name was Shorty Shay Donald Shorty Shay. There was this one dude, Joel Pugh, who was married to Sandra Goode, who was a, a member. And he, he was found dead in his London hotel. He had, it was ruled of suicide, but his wrist had been slashed and his throat was slashed twice. and there was something written in blood on the mirror that was erased. you know, it was one of these shoddy jobs, I think by the London cops. But some say it said Jack and Jill, other people say they don't remember what it said, but that was definitely one of those that was like, Hmm, could he have been killed?


Right. By Manson family member. Yeah. Well, and The list goes on. One of those Manson family members who was convicted of killing shorty Shay had made a couple trips to the UK while Joel Pugh was there. Oh. So there's even, there's even more. There's, it's definitely weird that he died like that. Yeah. you know, having your throat slashed in a London hotel. It's weird no matter what. And so, like we said, you know, you said at the beginning, it, it was definitely the end of the peace love movement and sort of put a pin on what the, what people thought about what a lot of people thought about the counterculture and like, Hey, this is, these are the hippies.


They're not peace and love. They can murder people on drugs. Hmm. And this is what acid can do to you. So that was mainstream media. You had other alternative media or places like Rolling Stone, that was still a pretty young magazine that would, would not say things like, that would not kind of buy into the mainstream media portrayal, but it, it captured and still captures a lot of people's imagination. It, you know, it was a part of the zeitgeist, but it just endured for decades after, you know, For sure. And Rolling Stone actually did a tremendous amount of reporting on Charles Manson. That was really good at the time.


That 2013 article I read was really good. That was from Rolling Stone. You can get into a Manson rabbit hole just going onto Rolling Stone's website. And that, that 2000, the 2013 article I read Chuck, that the author, he, I think he kind of summed up Charles Manson better than I've seen it anywhere else. But he said this, he said sometimes he can be so transparent, which makes him look like nothing more than a goofy klutzy small timer who made some bad decisions that led to more bad decisions that led to murder and who then got caught up in an ambitious DA's dream about a mastermind sengal with demonic visions of world domination.


Some crook, some outlaw, some gangster, some desperado. Probably the worst ever. But in the end, a tiny redneck Said, I mean, that definitely falls in there too. Yeah. So as far as these kids go, it's kinda hard to get good information because I read a bunch of different things. But from what I can tell, he had three sons for sure. Yeah. One with Candy Stevens named Charles Luther Manson. One with Mary Bruner named Valentine or Valentine, Michael Manson. Those two guys are impossible to find anything on.


I'm sure they have probably changed their names. There was a Charles Manson Jr. Who killed himself in the, I think early Nineties. Yeah. 93. And then there's this dude, did you see this Matthew Roberts guy I ran across his name, but I don't know anything about him. Well, he claims to that his mother said, you know what, Charles Manson was your dad. We had sex in an orgy in San Francisco in the late sixties. And I believe that he is probably your father. Although, given that it's an orgy, you know how those things go. So that is the last, that's the last thing you ever want to hear your mom tell you that whole story.


Yeah. The whole story from beginning to end much is just bad news for you, the kid. Yeah. So just look this guy up and if he doesn't look like Charles Manson incarnate, then I don't know what to say. Hmm. But the dude looks exactly like him. Here's the deal though, is he ended up, he tried to get DNA from the prison, tried to smuggle it out, but it got contaminated. The test didn't work. He ended up taking a DNA test to match with who we know was Charles Manson Jr's son, a dude named Jason Freeman, who was, you know, the grandson of Charles Manson. Okay. and there was no match there.


Hmm. But Matthew Roberts says, well that doesn't prove anything. 'cause we've never seen the DNA match from Freeman in Manson. Oh, I see. See, He's still claiming to be his son. And I mean, the guy looks so much alike, him, it's a little creepy. So it, it's hard to not say, you know, why would his mom make up the story? The guy happens to look just like him, but who knows. And in the end, his will, and supposedly his estate is worth money. I don't know how much, but they say, you know, there could be a lot of dough there. And right now there's a legal battle going on between Jason Freeman, who is the grandson, and then this pen pal that Manson had for like decades named Michael Channels, who he scribbled out a will to this guy.


And he's saying, Hey look, he wrote this will, he wants me to have this money. Jason Freeman saying it's mine for their part. They're both saying what they wanna do. His body's on ice stills. They wanna, they both wanna scatter his ashes just where no one knows. So they're, it doesn't become like some weird shrine. Yeah. But the, the ongoing legal battle for his will. We'll, we'll see what happens there. So, and that star lady weighed in saying, if anybody who says he has a will is lying that he purposefully said he was not going to leave a will. Right. But it would just, it would be just like Charles Manson to, to scribble off a will deny that he ever did it and just leave a big mess behind afterwards, you know? Yeah. Just, just one more mess for everybody to sort out.


So strange, so sad, strange And sad. Absolutely. In the sixties, there was some, I know we talked about the, God, who was that one cult that I saw, the, the documentary with Father Zod or whatever. Oh man, that was a crazy documentary that, I mean, just that whole time was so, so strange. It really was just people looking for something to, to belong to or something. Some meaning that wasn't their parents' meaning, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Well, all right, Chuck, they found it, by the way, they found it. They all became stockbrokers in the eighties.


If, you wanna know more about the Manson family? Well, like I said, there's rabbit holes all over the internet. And in the meantime, you can also read this great article by Ed Grabowski, by typing the words Manson family and the search bar, how stuff works. And like I said, it'll bring up this great grab star article. And while I said that, it's time for listener mail. I'm gonna Call this confederate monuments, well not confederate monuments, but removal of monuments. Okay. Follow up. Nice. So we got a lot of great email about that podcast. I don't know how many of those you read, but you know, people Roundly said, we did a good fair take on this tricky subject.


Yeah, I saw that too. Which always makes me feel good. And a shout out, this is not from her, but one of the people who wrote in was an artist named Cara, Cara Walker, who just look up her work. She is amazing. She, she's, I think the, the second youngest person to ever received a MacArthur Genius grant. And she does these great, she does a lot of stuff and a lot of mediums. But what she's known for, I, I think of these room sized silhouette, like black cutout silhouettes depicting like statements on race and gender and civil rights. And she's just like a rock star in the New York art scene. And she went to my high school. Yeah, I saw that.


Did not know that she introduced herself. She graduated two years ahead of me at Redan. So I wrote back to her and just told her how proud I was to be an alum. Nice. So anyway, go check out Carl Carl Walker's work. That's a mouthful. It's, But this is from someone else. Hey guys, thanks so much for the podcast. I'm a big fan, especially enjoyed the public monument episode. I'm writing. To clarify small point about the Georgia State flag that Chuck discussed in that episode. I got this thing wrong, by the way. You pointed out that Georgia likes some other former Confederate states included the familiar Confederate battle flag with the X pattern in its state flag from 56 to 2001.


However, that flag is not the stars and bars. The stars and bars was the official national flag of the Confederacy and is the flag after which the current Georgia flag is patterned. It turns out that the flag Georgia used till 1956 was modeled after the national Confederate flag. And the state switched to the Confederate battle flag in 56. In other words, while the most familiar Confederate flag was removed in 2001, it was replaced with another one. That's So Georgia, I thought we did the right thing. Nope. So I thought you guys would be interested. By the way, Mississippi is the only state that still uses the Confederate battle flag and its official state flag.


Keep up the great work. And I don't have a name on this One. Well, thanks a lot. I don't have a name on this one. That was some good info. And. we appreciate that. And Chuck, that was big of you to, to say, Hey, I got it wrong. I got it wrong. That's all right, man. That's all right. If, you wanna write in to tell us we got something wrong? Lay it on us. That's fine. You can send us all, including Jerry, an email to stuff podcasts@howstuffworks.com. And as always, join us at our home on the web, Stuff You Should Know dot com. Stuff You Should Know is a production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


At public.com. You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto, and more. Plus, you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All you're investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us, listed securities options and bonds and a self-directed brokerage account are offered by by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank, not investment advice.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food, and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


This podcast is supported by BetterHelp offering licensed therapists. You can connect with via video, phone, or chat. Here's BetterHelp, head of clinical operations, Hess hug Joe. Discussing who can benefit from therapy. I think a lot of people think that you're supposed to be going to therapy once you're like having panic attacks every day. But before you get to that point, I think once you start even noticing that you feel a little bit off and you can't maintain this harmony that you once had in relationships, that could be a sign that maybe you wanna go talk to somebody. There's always a benefit in talking to someone. 'cause we can all benefit from improved insight about ourselves and who we are and how we behave with other people. So if you're human, that's like a good indicator that you could benefit from talking to somebody, Find out if therapy is right for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com today. That's better. hlp.com.