
You're listening To an iHeartPodcasts Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about in a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one. NA member, FDIC.


Hey everyone, I want to talk to you for a sec about Squarespace and specifically Squarespace Payments. If you're running a business and using Squarespace, you're doing the right thing because Squarespace Payments is the easiest way to manage your payments in one place. Onboarding is fast and simple. You can get started in just a few clicks and start receiving payments right away. Plus, you can give your customers more ways to pay with very popular payment methods like Klarna, ach, direct debit in the us, apple Pay after pay in the US and Canada, and Clear Pay in the uk. Just go to squarespace.com/stuff and you can get a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, use our offer code stuff to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


Hi everybody. Do you wanna learn about cake? It's called Cake. So Great. So, So Great. That had to be a Josh title, cake, colon. So Great. Period. So comma, So Great. Yeah, that's Josh. This is from November 30th, 2017. This is supersized because somehow we did 73 minutes on cake, probably because we talked about cake a lot beyond just the facts and figures. I know our personal opinions came around in this episode, so I hope you enjoyed as much as you enjoyed. MM Pie.


Welcome to Stuff You Should Know, A production of iHeartRadio. Hey, and welcome to the podcast. I'm Josh Clark and there's Charles W Chuck Bryant. There's Jerry. Three of us are together, which means it's time for Stuff You Should Know about. Cake, Cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, Cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake. This made me just frankly want to put my face in a cake. I know. Sheet caking. Oh, man. Yep. I know we had a discussion about cake or pie quite a while ago.


I don't remember exactly where you landed on that. I'm surprised you can only think of one. What do you, oh, one time we've done that. Yeah. Cake or pie? Both. Yeah, same here. Why choose between two wonderful things that you don't have to choose between? Agreed. As a matter of fact, every once in a while you'll hit like the birthday party jackpot, where they'll have like cake and pie and you're like, looks like I'm in heaven. But today, today, Chuck, we're not talking about pie. No. Although we can't talk about one pie in particular. 'cause we're talking about cake. It turns out I saw this somewhere that Boston cream pie is actually a cake. Oh really?


Yeah. Surprise Boston. Sorry to ruin your day. They're probably the ones that are like, that are saying that. Oh yeah, Probably. Maybe. I don't know. So it's a cake, huh? The article on it was written in a thick Boston accent. Yeah. Yeah. It is a cake. I'm not sure why, but I just know it's a cake now. And I wanna give a hat tip here. I mean, we both worked off of the House of Works article, but I also found a lot of good stuff on a site called What's Cooking America. Did you run across them? I did. They are good man. They're, they have, you know, clearly their niche is cooking, baking, all things like culinary. But they're, they've got some really well researched articles on their site about like the history of cakes and things like that.


Yeah, that's good stuff. Kudos to you. You remember? Kudos the granola bar. Yeah, those are great. Oh yeah. Are those not around anymore? No, No, No. Those are gone. And then RIP also Bonkers Candy. It's a kudo went the way of the Dodo. I never heard of Bonkers. They were like a fruit chew, but like really had some chew to it. Not like starburst, you know, it just disintegrates. These were like, they were chewy. They were good. They're about as good as it gets really, candy wise. Yeah. They need, I know you've noticed they need to chill out here with the, the sweets at work. Oh, dude. Like they have little Debbie star crunches and Swiss cake rolls and stuff all over the place.


I know why I don't need that in here. There's Like three or four people who are like walking around toothless now. Well, It's just rotten right outta their heads. Well, and also Not You. My toothlessness is for different reasons. Yours Is from a Christina. And I've also noticed though, there's this weird mix in our office now 'cause they try to get super healthy. Yeah. So there will be like sw Swiss cake rolls next to a bag of like clam chips or something. What chips? I dunno. Clam chips sound kind of good. Seaweed, Seaweed strips. Oh Yeah, yeah. No, I know what you mean. Or like just Figs, right? Yeah. You know, it's like a fig newton without the good tasting part that surrounds it.


We take figs and we mash 'em up, then we wrap 'em in cellophane and you eat 'em for $5 a piece And your child spits them out. 'cause they know better. Right? No, today, yes, I'm with you. I do think it's gotten a little outta hand. Like, it's basically just a huge test of willpower at the office. Like every moment, you know? Yeah. I don't, I don't indulge. I'm, I'm not getting into those Swiss cake rolls. But it is tough to walk by the miniature candy bar section. Right. And not be like, well, just one of those little guys. Look how tiny it is. Right. And then the next thing You know, you get like 10 wrappers laying around your desk thinking like, what have I done? Ugh. I know, man. It's post Halloween stuff too. It, so maybe it'll die down. I I don't, I don't think that's gonna happen, but Yeah.


Yeah. But again, though, today, I guess if, If you replaced all of those candy bars with cakes that were just sitting around, you get zero complaints from me. Well, and at my house at Halloween, we gave away two things. We gave away whole slices of pound cake and just figs. It was the worst house in the block. Did you, you a pound cake fan? Not typically. Like, I would never order a pound cake or say, Hey, can someone bake me one for my birthday? You wouldn't say like, Clark me a pound cake. No. I would never ask someone to clark me a pound cake. But occasionally, like in my life, someone has had pound cake and said, would you like some pound cake?


And it's, you know, it's good. It's good. Sugary and dense stuff. Yeah. I like it. 'cause you can just eat it with your hand. Sure. Just Pick it up and eat it. Yeah. It's like cake on the go. Yeah. I am not a fan of lemon cakes. Oh, Really? So like a lemon pound cake I'm not into. Well, okay, let's just get it out there. What's your favorite cake of all time? Oh, Cheese. I'm gonna toss it up between a, a carrot cake with cream cheese. That's Bill Clinton's favorite. Well, you know, as Bill goes, so goes chuck, which is not true.


That was a good COA The carrot cake with cream cheese frosting. Or, I like a a a red velvet cake. Really? Yeah. Well that's the southern ream Thing, huh? Or cream cheese frosting. Yeah, You can go Either way. Yeah. Emily's favorite of all time hands down is the Waldorf Astoria red velvet cake, which is red velvet cake with a frosting that is basically only like shortening vanilla and sugar. Ooh, that sounds nice. It's not a a cream cheese thing. What's, what's your favorite, Favorite of all time? Well, everybody knows that cake perfection was achieved sometime in the 20th century when Publix grocery stores started selling their yellow cake with buttercream frosting.


Oh yeah. There's no better cake on the planet. It's Like a yellow sheet cake. It's simple, but it's tasty. It doesn't need any dressing up. But if it does, we'll just put like some, add some more frosting in the shape of balloons on top. Right. It's just, it's just perfection. It's a perfect cake. I love it. I can eat it morning, noon and night. I can eat stale stuff I found in the dumpster behind Publix. I can eat the fresh stuff right outta the oven So hot that it burns my mouth. I would eat it anyway, that it, it, it was given to me. I'm a big frosting and icing guy too. So a corner piece of sheet cake is pretty much heaven.


Yeah, that's, that is the, the tops. What, What is yum's favorite cake? Yumi is actually the same as mine. We both are junkies for Publix cake, to tell you the truth. Although I have to say, she introduced me to the wonder of Japanese cakes. And there's this little known fact about Japan. It loves to take, I shouldn't say it's a little known, probably a lot of people know this, but it loves to take things that other cultures came up with and then improve them 10000%. Yeah. And one of the things that they've done that with is the French bakery. So If you go to Japan, you'll see all these cute little kind of provenance style French bakeries everywhere that sell the best baked goods you've ever had in your life.


Right. Better than Paris. Yes. Oh, by far. Oh, by far. That's very controversial. I it is. But I'm telling you, you would, you would just be like, Josh was right. This is better. I'm not kidding. They've, they've improved on it. And they're all very, they're very deferential still. They're like, oh, well this is, this is crap compared to the what the French are making. However you would say that in Japanese. But it, they're actually wrong. It actually is better. But one of the things that they make that's just topnotch is this what they call cheesecake. It is not what you or I would call cheesecake at all. Right. It's more like a yellow spongy cake. I don't know where the cheese thing comes in. Maybe there's a little cream cheese in there.


I'm not quite sure. But you and I would call it like kind of a dense yellow sponge cake. But it is very, very tasty. And that's a kind of a Japanese tradition that I would guess Yumi would say is one of her favorites. Okay. And just a, a little shout out. There's a place in Toronto next time we're there, I'm gonna take you there. All right. Actually, that's not true. I brought you a cake from there. From Uncle Tet Sue's. Oh yeah. Cheesecake Bakery. Yeah, I had that. That's a Japanese cheesecake. Oh, that was good. Yeah, they're the bomb. All I know is get outta my face with any coconut or any pineapple. I'll take that. You'll, you, you'll I'll just slide that over to your desk then. Yes. Not into it. Yes. Keep 'em coming. I don't even like German chocolate cake.


Really? I love German chocolate. All right. Well have you, have you ever heard the German chocolate cake and red velvet cake are the same? It's actually not true. I haven't heard that. I, I had heard that many times. It's not true. But that German chocolate frosting is like, man, that's good. I'm not into that. See, I think that's what it does. That's what it is that I don't like. I like sort of a tradition butter creamy or just good old fashioned birthday cake icing type thing. Yeah. Piped on. Yep. And and surely you agree Publix is the pinnacle of that. I don't know if I've ever had a Publix cake. Oh, Charles, I go to Publix three times a week. So next time I'm just going. Well now that you say that it might be best that you stay away.


Well, because you're gonna start adding a, they sell it by the slice, which is dangerous. Oh, they do. 'cause that was, that's the only way I would want to do it. They sell it by the slice Truck. Like I can't bring a whole cake in my house that's Full party. And be, be sure you look closely because they have, yeah. It would be, they, they sell also the same kind with like a cream cheese frosting. You want yellow cake with buttercream frosting. Okay. Just give it a shot and let me know what you think. Alright. The funny thing is we really haven't even started yet. No. Do you wanna take a break? No, let's, let's at least give out like three facts first. Oh, Okay. Well I think we just give a lot of facts about what the greatest cakes in the world are. Alright, how about this then I'll start you out with the, the word cake apparently is an old Norse word kaka, which is kind of funny.


It's because here, I don't know where it came from, but here in America, kaka can mean dooo. Yeah. But KAKA is where the original word supposedly came from. Right. And a lot of English words have like Germanic or Norse origins. You know that. Yeah. So cake, the word cake is, is of English origin. So is bread. And apparently the bread and the cakes from back in the day, say during the medieval era, they were very, very similar. Probably the only difference was the cake might be slightly smaller. Yeah. And it was definitely sweeter. So cake was like a sweeter version of bread back then.


Yeah. They'd add a little honey to it, but it's not like what we think of as cake today. But that's not where the first cakes originate. They actually go way, way, way further back than that. Right. Is that true? Yeah, it's true. Tuk tuk. That may be a little too far back. Yeah, I think so. So, but basically around the time I believe Egypt, the onic Egypt, they were making cakes using hot stones and honey and some sort of grain mashed up. Right. It seems like, I bet the Chinese were doing it too. Didn't say in here. Right. But it seems like anytime you're talking about who did stuff first, it's like Egyptians, Chinese, Greeks and Romans Pretty much, I mean, you know, ancient civilization, But maybe not China.


'cause it doesn't seem like a very cakey culture. No, I'm not sure about Chinese cakes. I don't think I've ever had one. I bet you someone knows though. And I bet you there's like one of the best things in the world. It's probably a Chinese cake. You know, one of the other things too that I didn't realize that I learned from this article, Chuck, was that a lot of the cakes you see around the world that you would mistake for, you know, customary or traditional cakes for that culture, they're actually relatively new. Oh yeah. That the cake that we know and love and understand is, is very much a, a 19th century American invention that came out of the industrial revolution. That's right. I mean, clearly like in Germany, like you talked about in the 15th century, they were making cakes.


They were actually even serving cakes at birthdays. And by all accounts, that's probably the first people to start the birthday cake tradition. But, and I think they even put candles on top. Well, no, the Greeks put candles on top. But it wasn't like a happy birthday cake. No. It was more like, Hey, this cake is round like the moon and we'll, we're gonna put candles on it to make them glow. And they're probably huge candles now that I think about it. Yeah. The Greeks gave us the round cake and putting candles on the cake to honor Artemis to make the cake look like the moon. And Artemis was the goddess of the moon. Right, right. So they were like, look, Artemis, what do you think of this cake? She'd be like, it needs some frosting.


That's right. And then the Germans in the 14 hundreds started doing birthday cakes. And then the 17 hundreds were full on like, it's a kid's birthday party. It's got candles. It's a cake. It we'll sing some depressing German song. Right. It makes you reflect on your own existence. That's right. And it's eventual end. But there, so by the time that people were, were making birthday cakes in Germany, there was a long, long, long tradition of cakes already. And the word cake had started to originate in medieval Britain. But there was such a thing as a cheesecake already. The Romans created that and called it placenta.


Seriously. Really? Yeah. Greeks had created something that was basically a prototype of the fruit cake plaus, I believe. Yeah. They called it feces. Right. So there were all these kinda cakes and breads and things that were starting to to be developed. And I think even that, that pound cake that you're not so hip on came before the industrial revolution too. Okay. So there's stuff that you would kind of recognize as cakes, but the idea of a cake, what Americans call a cake, and knowing love is a cake that came out of the Industrial Revolution. The show is sponsored by cake. Cake. Eat some today.


Alright, so let's take a break. We definitely gave way more than three facts. Yeah. We have earned our keep. And we're gonna come back and talk about a little chemistry right after this.


Hey everyone. As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. And that hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. Yeah. So when you clock out LinkedIn clocks in LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. That's right. Those qualified candidates. You know, at the end of the day, the most important thing to your small business is gonna be the quality of those candidates. And with LinkedIn, you can feel confident that you're gonna be getting the best. Yeah. And actually, based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses using LinkedIn say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality candidates. Just post Your job for free at linkedin.com/syk, that's linkedin.com/syk. And you can post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


You know that feeling, that gut instinct telling you something isn't right, your job draining, not inspiring your goals, always just out of reach instead of taking action. You tell yourself I'll figure it out later, but later turns into never. That's Right. And the only difference between where you are now and where you want to be is taking action. It's time to start making moves with today's sponsor. strawberry.me Career coaching. Yeah. Strawberry.me is like therapy. But for your career, a game plan for your future that helps you set clear goals, build a roadmap, and most importantly, execute. Yeah. With strawberry.me, you'll be matched with a professional coach who helps you navigate career changes, motivation, slumps, work life balance, and major life decisions. And the best part it fits into your life. Your future is waiting. Go to strawberry.me/stuff and claim a $50 credit. That's strawberry.me/stuff. Because in three months you'll either be exactly where you are now, or you'll be ahead of where you ever thought possible.


Tired of spills and stains on your sofa. Wash away your worries with Anaba. Anaba is the only machine washable sofa inside and out where designer quality meets budget friendly prices. That's right. Sofas start at just $699. Enjoy a no risk experience with pet friendly stain resistant and changeable slip covers made with performance fabric experience cloud-like comfort with high resilience foam that's hypoallergenic and never needs fluffing. The sturdy steel frame ensures longevity and the modular pieces can be rearranged anytime. Shop washable sofas.com for up to 60% off site-wide, backed by a 30 day satisfaction guarantee. If you're not absolutely in love, send it back for a full refund. No return shipping or restocking fees. Every penny back upgrade now@washablesofas.com. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


All right, so we're back and we promised talk of chemistry. And I think we talked about this briefly on one show. I have tried to bake, I I did a birthday cake for Emily a couple of years ago. Red Velvet Waldorf Astoria cake. And it was okay. It wasn't pretty though. What do you mean? Like it like it was lopsided or there was a horn growing out of it. It It just, you know, it didn't look like a cake you would buy in a store, but it tasted really good. I bet it was made with a lot of love too. Oh, of course. But my deal is, is I'm not a great baker because baking requires you to be very precise with your ingredients because it is chemistry.


I'm a much better cook, right. Because I'm a fly by the seat of my pants and throw a little of this in there, throw a little of that in there. Right. And there's a much, You can't do that with, With baking. No. There's much more forgiveness in general cooking than baking. Yeah. Cooking's in art baking is a science for sure. Yeah. That's what they say, right? Yeah. Well that's what I say too. You didn't know you didn't make that up. Right? I think I did. Okay. So with a, with a cake. Right. What you're doing is producing a chemical reaction and I knew that. Yeah. But I, I had no idea on this granular level that this article gets into just how much of a chemical reaction baking a cake is pretty Yeah. And that's All pretty neat. The understanding of it too to me.


So you wanna start with leavening agent, right? That's right. That's how you get from batter, which is kind of flat and soupy and wet to a nice tall cake. The reason it rises is because of a leavening agent. And way, way, way back in the day, they used to use yeast. They used yeast for everything. They would make some beer, they would make a cake, they'd make some bread, they would Throw it into the eyes of their enemy. They would in a fight, a dirty fight. And then eventually yeast kind of fell to the wayside a little bit as they realized that there's other ways to make a cake rise.


One of the big ways is to actually introduce air into it. And If you say, you know, beat some eggs, what you're doing, you're not just breaking the eggs down into their, their kind of components or like a mishmash of all of their components. You're also introducing air into that mix, which will eventually, as we'll see, transfers into the cake to make it rise. Yeah. And like when you're, when you're following a recipe, If you've never baked a cake before and it says, cream the butter and sugar or sift the flour, you can't just say, eh, like I don't have a sifter so I'll just throw the flour in here. Like, your cake is screwed. Yeah. Because it's not just like, oh, that makes the flour pretty.


Yeah. The sifting flour introduces air into the whole mix too. Yeah. This Is all very important stuff. So you can't, you can't cheat any of these steps. No, you can't. You really need to follow a cake recipe pretty closely. I mean, I guess if you're a master baker and you know what you're doing, you can do something in lieu of something else. Sure. But if you're just an ordinary non-professional baker at home Right. Just follow the recipe and do what they say. Yeah. Because you couldn't say, well, I'm gonna substitute this flour for a bunch of salt. Like, not only would it, would it taste radically different like you're affecting the chemical composition of the mixture. True. Unless you're making a traditional South Georgia salt cake.


Right. Which you can also use on those snowy days to clear the road too. That's right. So you've got yeast as a living leavening agent. You've got introducing air through like whipping something. And I found this mention of a recipe that called for four eggs to be beaten for two hours. Holy Cow. So you can imagine that everybody was pretty psyched when chemical leavening agents were introduced in the mid 19th century. Oh, so that was an old recipe. Yes. Yeah. And so in other words, you couldn't just put the mixer on with your eggs and leave No. And go get on social media. No, this was with your arm. Yeah. And, and yeah, it was not, I mean, I, I imagine if the person you were working for asked for a cake, you're just like, this is a bad day.


This is gonna be a bad day. Have did You beat for three hours. Right. And the whole reason again, you're doing this is to introduce some air. Right. But If you could use something else, say like sodium bicarbonate also known as baking soda. And you mixed it, which is a base, and you added another ingredient in there, which is like an acid, say like buttermilk or yogurt or vinegar. Right? Yeah. Like in a vinegar cake, that sodium bicarbonate, that base and the acid are gonna mix together and form a chemical reaction and release CO2. Yes. And this is how modern cakes rise. CO2 is released through this chemical reaction and it goes and bubbles up through the cake and makes the cake rise with it.


That's what leavening agents do, is they, they take air and they expand it and make it the cake. Yeah. Like when you slice a, a piece of cake, not, not so much pound cake 'cause it's way more dense or other non flowered cakes, but your standard birthday cake, you slice it up and you see those, it's, you know, those pockets, those holes that, you know, those are air holes. Those, those were where the bubbles were and we're, we'll, we'll get to that a little more, but it's, that's very important stuff. That's a, that's a famous chef's apron, Baker's apron. Ask me about my air holes Fat source. Very important. Sure.


Fats improve the texture of a cake, allow it to be moist, flavorful. 'cause we all know fat tastes great and butter, you know, people can use shortening, which is good. Margarine is good Cooking oil, this can all be used. But for me, just get some real butter. And, and I say that for all foods. I, I went on a butter, not a Kick. No, no, no. I am on a butter kick. I went on a, a butter, a boycott of sorts for a while. Like real butter. But now I'm back on butter. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I know what you mean. I tend to think butter is healthier of all of them too. Yeah.


Although olive oil has a beet, it's just such a radically different taste. Yeah, sure. I love olive oil especially, especially when you're baking with it. Although, have you ever had an olive oil cake? I don't think so. I don't remember where I had it, but man, they are good. Really? Yes, they're surprisingly good. But it is definitely its own distinct thing. You know what I'm saying? Like subbing olive oil out for butter is gonna give you a weirdo recipe that no one's going to like, but they might pretend they do if they like you. Yes. But they don't really like that. Right. And all these fat sources, they can be used sometimes together or swapped out for butter. But, but again, you gotta know what you're doing. You can't just say, well I'm not gonna use butter, I'm gonna just use the same amount of cooking oil as melted butter.


Right. And the one of the reasons why swapping something out for butter in particular too, I mean butter gives it its richness. It's it, it helps improve its moistness and texture. Right. Butter's great. But butter also has a tendency to in incorporate air, when you cream butter, when you start to mash it around, that's the whole reason. Like they're not telling you to cream the butter just to make it look good before you, you add it to the batter, you're actually incorporating air there. So that butter is serving both as a fat and as a leavening agent in that, that recipe. Correct. So If you come across a recipe that calls for butter, that must be creamed. There's something else going on besides just getting a buttery taste outta your cake.


That's right. Sweetener. I was about to say sugar instead of sweetener. Might As well though. But Let's be honest, you can use honey and stuff. You can use agave, artificial sweetener. But sugar is the best thing to use in my opinion. It bonds best to water molecules. It's really gonna help. That'll help everything be nice and moist and soft. And you don't wanna overdo it though. You want to use again, the right amount of sugar because not only could it, could it affect the taste, but it could make the, the texture it could be too tough. Yeah. And sugar's another one too, where If you see sugar and you sub it out for something else, it can have an impact on that chemical reaction For sure.


Because it does all those things you were talking about, like one of the things it does is it, the crystalline structure of sugar actually cuts through the batter to help release CO2 more easily. And like you said, it binds to water, which means it does two things. It locks it in so that it keeps moisture in. But it also, sugar also robs that water from some of the proteins and the starches that give the cake its structure. Which means that they're not going to be able to become tough and dense like you were saying, because sugar's already grabbed onto that water molecule. Right. And sugar in particular, you're not gonna get the same thing with like stevia or honey.


Like it's not gonna have the same effect. It's it's crystalline sugar and it doesn't have to be white refined sugar. You have the same effect I think with like turbinado cane sugar too. Yeah. And you can, I mean If you don't want to use sugar and you want to use honey, look up a recipe that is specific to honey and they will help account for that. Right. In certain ways. But it's still to me, you know, white sugar do It. Right. And then they sugar also gives it that nice golden brown color through the mayard reaction. Yeah. That and the eggs for sure. Yep. So well we're at eggs, Sugar and eggs. Eggs are big.


Yeah. Especially if they're ostrich. Eggs. Eggs. I know eggs have proteins in 'em. Right. And there's a couple of things in there. Those proteins help give structure to the cake I believe. Yes, absolutely. The emulsifiers and the yolk, they help. It's also kind of serves as a binding agent. There are a lot of things including flour that help bind things together. Yeah. But those eggs and those yolks very much do. 'cause there are certain things in cake sometimes that don't wanna mix. Yeah. Like the, the water. Yeah. And the egg comes together and says what? You know, can't we all just kind stick together here Literally. Nice. Yes. Yeah. That wasn't meant to be a pun. I meant that.


And I think the two big emulsifiers are actually in the egg yolk. Cholesterol and ethin are found in egg yolk and they're like, Hey everybody, come on. Let's, let's hang out. That's right. And there's also fats in egg and we also, we already mentioned that fats are, are awesome and taste delicious. Plus also if you're using whole eggs, most of the egg white is water. The vast majority is water. And as we'll see, water and liquids play a big role in the cake too. So it's all like the, the idea of people figuring all this out through millennia of little contributions here or there. It's just, it's just a blessing on humanity.


Cake. Cake. Yes, it's true. It is. It's a really neat accomplishment that everyone had came together to figure this out over the span of time in the wonderful kitchens on cold winter days that were like, you know, you've got like a nice cake baking in the oven and you're contributing to humanity's knowledge of being great. Yeah. A lot of bad, the carcasses of a lot of bad cakes have been left in its wake. Sure. To get where we are today. A lot of unhappy families and a lot of unpleasant conversations about those cakes. But still, And I bet in the olden days when times were a little tougher, they probably still ate those cakes. Oh yeah. I would guess So. You know, you probably didn't just toss it out to the mules. No. You gave them to sailors who were glad to have 'em.


Alright. That brings us to flour. Very, very important ingredient in most baked goods and flour is what is gonna really be the binding agent. It's really gonna gonna hold everything together. Give it Its structure. Yeah. A lot of structure and strength. And this is when, when you mix these proteins with water, it's gonna form gluten and gluten. I know a lot of people hate gluten. My wife being one of them. Yeah. But gluten is a pretty key ingredient here. Although I will say they've come a long way now with gluten-free cakes. They have Doesn't make you quite as sad to eat one. No, they're pretty good. Now, If you get a good gluten-free cake, it's, well, the Cheesecake is gluten-free, so that's okay with me.


Well, I mean, you know, your standard substitute flour, they, they, they've just gotten a lot better, I think. Yep. So in a standard glutenous cake that, that gluten from the, from the flour mixing with the water forms a gel and it gives it that structure, it gives it that consistency, the texture that you're looking for. But again, the sugar's robbing the, the, the proteins and the starches from getting too much water. Because the more water it gets, the more the tougher the cake is going to be. The, the more gluten. So you actually wanna make sure that your sugar's taking away some of the liquids, but also the type of flour you use has a lot to do with how tough your cake's gonna turn out.


So like there is such a thing as cake flour. Yes. That's something like 7%, 7.5% protein, which is gonna translate into less gluten when you mix it with water. Right? Yeah. So it's gonna be a lighter fluffier cake. And then there's all purpose flour, 10.5% bread flour, 12%. And depending on what kind of consistency you want in your cake, you would use these different kinds of flour. And all of it comes down to the, the amount of gluten that's gonna be produced when it interacts with the liquids. That's right. And finally, that brings us to the liquids. The liquids are obviously gonna help keep things moist. They hydrate those proteins, they allow all those chemical changes to take place.


But that liquid does when you actually bake the cake, when it comes time to put it in the oven, which we're gonna get to here in a sec, that creates a steam like that liquid cooks out and vaporizes so that steam expands the aerosols and that volume and it, it really lends itself to the, the light airy structure and texture that you're gonna get. Yeah. It blows up the, the CO2 bubbles in it even further, which helps make the cake rise. Plus it also chuck fosters that chemical reaction between the acids in the bases that act as leavening agents that release CO2 in the first place. The presence of liquids in the presence or water specifically I think. And heat really make that CO2 go berserk.


Alright. Well we should talk about ovens. Yeah, I was about to say you can't bake a cake without an oven, but apparently you can. You can in Egypt. Yeah. Ancient Egypt. Alright, So let's say we're not in ancient Egypt. Let's say we're in, in, in regular North America and Europe. And the 18th century is basically when the semi-closed oven came around. And before this, If you were baking cakes, well you were probably a professional baker because these ovens weren't in every household. Right. And even in the, the 18th century, they weren't in every household either, but they started to become a lot more prevalent around that time.


That was a big first step toward people baking at home. Not just cakes, but anything, you know. Yeah. But in, in cake history, that was a huge monumental moment when the enclosed oven became kind of ubiquitous among households For Sure. Because what you get there is consistency. You get a consistent even temperature. And of course that just got better and better over the years with advances in oven technology. Yeah. And more than anything you get a, a reliable temperature ideally. Right. And If you have those things, you can make a cake after cake after cake that your family won't be mad about. The sailors will stop coming by and being like, you got any more of them? Terrible cakes you made Sailors.


Yeah. That's who you give the terrible cakes to. I said Bump bumpkin sailors. Sure. Alright. So with the oven in particular, I didn't realize this, but you know how the, the liquid and the heat and the sodium bicarbonate and the acids are mixing together to make the cake rise. Yes. That is actually a really fragile state of affairs while the cake is baking and the structure, the proteins and the starches and the gluten are actually solidifying and making this, this cake. And If you mess with the oven, meaning like you open and close the door too often or you slam it shut too hard. Yeah. You're going to the, the change in temperature on the one hand can cool those gases and make your cake fall.


And it makes a w wa sound as it does. Yeah. As everyone knows. And then the air pressure from slamming the door can burst those CO2 bubbles. And again, you're, the proteins haven't had a, a chance to like, solidify and make the cake structure so the cake can fall from that as well. And if you'll notice, once a cake gets to a certain point, if it falls, it falls in the middle, the outside usually stays up because that part has solidified already the stuff in the middle hasn't quite cooked through. So that would be the part that falls. And that also proves my point. That's right. You also wanna put your cake in the middle where you place your cake in the oven can even cause problems. It's very finicky. Cakes are Sure.


Well again, it's a science experiment. Yeah. They're basically like, do do this. Right. Jerk. Or I might just take a nap here in the, in the middle of the, in the middle of the Cake. Maybe it'll burn, maybe I'll stick up your whole house. But like you said about opening the door, like ideally, you know, the, the temperature your oven, you know how long it takes and maybe don't wait till literally you think I can pull it out. Although if you're a good baker, you're not sweating it, you pull it out and you know it's pretty much ready. Right. But definitely don't keep opening it. Try and lease. Wait till the end. And If you have, they're not quite as in fashion now, I don't think. But ovens with a, a window and a light, you can obviously take a little peek that way.


Sure. Those are kind of out of fashion, right? Or are they? I don't, not that I know of. I feel like I don't see those a lot. Do you have a, a window in your oven? Sure, of course. What am I a communist? Do you? Yes. With the light. Oh man. What do You have? Just a stainless steel door That's a dishwasher man. Oh, That's my problem. Yeah. Like my cakes always come out wet and soapy. Wait A minute. Do I have a window? Sure you do. I think everyone does. I'm literally cannot picture my kitchen right now. Jerry. He's got a window. Right. Have I've been baking in the dishwasher Jerry And I say yes. You have a window in your office. Yeah. That might be, I might have just said something very dumb.


So, so It's staying in though. Well I do know, you know what I think I do have a window, but I don't have a working light. That's why I think I don't have a window. Oh, you need to replace the light bulb. Yeah. But who wants a bottle of that For all? You can go to like any, any big box hardware store, light bulb, pop hardware store off the internet. Sure. I don't replace light bulbs in my house. Matter Of fact, I think they probably sell 'em at the grocery store. Even you go find yourself some gulf wax and you're probably near the refrigerator oven light bulbs. Alright. The heat of the oven is very important. So depending on how good your oven is, it may be a little off, maybe a little hotter or cooler. So you might want to purchase an oven thermometer just to give it a double check because baking is science.


And when you think that that cake is done, take a little peek through your window that everyone has or open it. If you really think it's done, give a little tap in the center. Yeah. If it springs back, then it's probably done. If you're an experienced baker, you just know by looking at it. Or you can always do the old toothpick trick, which is sticking that toothpick wooden toothpick in the center of the cake and pull it out. And if there's no cake on it, then it's pretty much done. Right. If it's, if it's covered in goo that means it's not done. That is correct Chuck. But then you can also lick that goo off that toothpick. That's not bad.


No, you can, but you're, it's just never quite as good. And I think it's, it always tastes like disappointment. The tooth pick batter you mean? Because you, you want it to come out clean. Anytime you're doing that, you're never really putting it in. Oh, sure. Expecting it to come out battery. Yeah. Yeah. So even though you do get to lick it, that's like the one plus side of that, that experience. I think that's True. And if your cake is done, you're not finished baking it yet. Even you need to let it cool in the pan. Yeah. That's a big one. You don't just pull the cake out and, and turn it upside down in your sink and eat it with your hands while it's still hot. Right. That's not the way to do it. No, No. You want to let it finish in the pan cooling because it's still doing a little bit of baking and it's getting used to its new room right in the kitchen and saying, all right, this is a di different temperature in here.


I, I kept, I think I can hang with you guys. Yeah. I'm alive 10 or 15 minutes later. Get out that wire rack, flip it over, and ideally it comes out all in one nice thing. Yep. And the other good thing about letting it cool in the pan first too, is when you cool it on the wire rack, it won't get those wire indent indentations in the cake. 'cause it'll be stable enough. I never thought about that. Nobody likes those. Sure. You can fill it in with a little extra frosting. Yeah. Actually now I think about it. That's great. Those, those indentations are just fine. The frosting grooves, in other words. Yep. Yep. Should we take a break? Yes. All right. We're gonna talk well just about other cakey stuff right after this.


There's nothing like sinking into luxury. An bay sofas combine ultimate comfort and design at an affordable price. Anaba has designed the only fully machine washable sofa from top to bottom. The stain resistant performance fabric, slip covers and cloud-like frame duvet can go straight into your wash. Perfect for anyone with kids pets, or anyone who loves an easy to clean spotless sofa. With a modular design and changeable slip covers, you can customize your sofa to fit any space and style. Whether you need a single chair loveseat or a luxuriously large sectional, Anna Bay has you covered. Visit washable sofas.com to upgrade your home sofas. Start at just $699 and right now you can shop up to 60% off storewide with a 30 day money back guarantee. Shop now@washablesofas.com. Add a little to your life. Offers are subject to change and certain restrictions may apply.


You know, Chuck, as it starts to get warm outside and nice, it's like nature is calling you to your outdoor space. And what better place to refresh your outdoor space and make it feel more yours than Wayfair. That's right. Summer is on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair because they have a huge selection of outdoor essentials that are gonna help you make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional, and most importantly, more you. Yep. Wayfair has all things outdoor and at unbelievable prices too. So don't wait until summer's in full swing. Get your outdoor space ready today so you can enjoy it all season long And get this, you can get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So no more huge delivery fees for patio furniture. Get big stuff like patio sets, gazebos, hot tubs, even outdoor dining sets and more shipped for free. Wow. So shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home


for adults with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA and obesity. Refreshing sleep may be hard to come by and who likes to lag and drag through the day? OSA is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation that could leave you feeling tired and fatigued, Loud snoring, choking, or gasping for air during sleep could be signs of OSA. Don't sleep on the symptoms. Learn more at don't sleep on os a.com. This information is provided by Lily USA LL S-A-L-L-C.


Okay. Chuck, you remember I was talking about baking soda and how that changed everything? Yep. That was a big one. That was from the 1840s. Baking sodas, sodium bicarbonate, just good old fashioned, regular old baking soda started to be added to it, but at the time you needed to also add another ingredient that was an acid so that the two would react and form CO2 or produce CO2. Right. Yeah. Somebody about 20 years after baking soda was developed, said, oh, I got this. We're gonna come up with something called baking powder. And I never knew this, but this is the difference between baking soda and baking powder. Baking soda is just sodium bicarbonate. Baking powder is sodium bicarbonate and two other dry acidic minerals.


Yeah. That when dry, they don't do anything. You can mix 'em together all day long and they just sit there like what? But in the presence of water and heat, then they start to react chemically with one another. So you can add just a little baking powder and you don't need an extra ingredient like yogurt or vinegar or some other acid. It's got the base and the acid that's gonna produce the CO2 in there. That was a huge, huge advancement for cakes. But it actually came kind of toward the end of cake advancements. Prior to that, just the, the mass production of the industrial revolution had a, a big impact on cakes among many, many other things.


But definitely had an impact on the spread of cake baking, especially in the United States. Yeah. And then so just, you know, leave that baking soda in your fridge to soak up the stink. Sure. Because that's all it's good for. Well, that and No, you can use the baking soda for a lot of stuff. Yeah. It also gets stink out of like clothes too. Oh yeah. You can use it to, well, that's it. No. Like school science projects. You wanna make a volcano. Yeah. Vinegar and baking soda. That's right. I love that. That's with your parents' help. Yeah. Pre packaged cake mix was a very big deal when it came out in the 1930s, but it was, it was a company named p Duff and Sons.


And they said, here, we got a problem here. We got too much molasses on our hands. So, and this is kind of how a lot of great things have been invented. They had too much of something. They said, well, what can we use this for? So they got to work and they said, Mr. John Duff, the owner said, you know what, throw a little wheat flour in there with this molasses, a little shortening some spices. And we got a gingerbread mix that we can sell to the public. All you gotta do is add water, dumb dumb, and you can bake yourself some gingerbread cookies. Yeah. And the, the public went hooray. Because remember they had ovens now in their houses. Yes. And they had this, i the idea that you could just get a mix from the store and just add water was huge.


Oh yeah. That was a huge change. And what's interesting is this, this whole like p duffin sun story, they're outta Pittsburgh by the way, from them coming up. 'cause I think they quickly went from just gingerbread mixes to cake mixes themselves as well. But that busts several myths, actually. Some, some like longstanding food myths. Yeah. One of 'em is that cake mix came out of a surplus of flour in from World War ii. That's where the cake mix came from. Yeah. I mean, cake pre-made cake mixes did get way more popular after World War ii. But it wasn't because there was so much flour. No, it was because that a lot of the food companies started getting into pre-mixed foods.


Yeah. That, that you could make pretty easily in your kitchen. But then the other one, I'd love this one, there's this longstanding myth or this story about a guy named Ernest Dicker, who back in the 1950s, Ernest Ter, he was a psychologist, I believe he came up with the term focus group. He, he came up with the whole idea of focus groups to help companies figure out why their new product wasn't doing so well or how to make a product that they hadn't launched yet. Even more appealing, this guy came up with that whole idea of focus groups, right? Correct. So he's also credited with being the man who saved cake mixes because cake mixes came out.


Everybody kinda loved him. And then supposedly sales went flat. And Ernest Ter got a focus group together and found out that women who made cakes using these cake mixes felt guilty that they weren't contributing anything to their families. Yeah. They were just adding water and making a cake and then quietly sobbing while their family ate it. Right. Talk about a patriarchal brainwashing. Right. So ter realized that the, the best thing that these cake mix companies could do is to remove the dried egg ingredients from the mix and tell the consumer to add her own eggs.


So then that way she was contributing. Well, it was a huge success and cake mixes took off and became part of the American pantheon from that point on. Right. Not true. No. Yeah. That is a total urban myth. Most of these pre-made mixes for years had said to add your own eggs because it just was better to add fresh eggs. Yeah. And it tastes better and perform better. So I don't know how that got started. The, the myth? Yeah. Was it? I'm not sure either. Oh, okay. I, I don't know. But it is a longstanding food myth that you can find like some very credible sources. Yeah. Who say like, oh, this is, this happened.


It, it's just everywhere. But it turns out that's not true. But I think the reason why it has had legs for so long is because Ernest Dicker is actually rightfully credited with saving the cake mix market Right. Through a focus group. And he did find that women were kind of not, they didn't feel guilty about it, about, you know, not contributing more to the cake mix. They think they were more bored by it. So he advised companies to figure out a way to make cake baking about way more than just baking the cake. And so companies decided that they were gonna start promoting cakes as just the beginning part.


That the real point of baking cakes was to make these elaborate amazing cakes that you decorated. Yeah. And, and it took you hours and hours to make these things. And it was like a scene of like Humpty Dumpty on a brick wall. But the whole thing was made outta cake. And that was fostered by the introduction of frosting. And that came from Ernest Dicker. And that actually is what saved the cake mix industry. That's right. You wanna know something about my mom? Yeah. Champion cake decorator. Is that right? Not literal champion. Like she never won a contest. Right. Yeah. Because that is out there. But yeah, I mean as far as the, the home, the home cake baker goes like, she, she couldn't go on one of these shows now where they make like giant, the British Bake Off.


Yeah. Like giant submarines and stuff out of fondant. But just for like mom making special cakes every year for the birthday, every year she would say, what kind of cake you want this year? I'd be like, I want a Star Wars cake. I want an Atlanta Falcons cake. And lo and behold I would get my Atlanta Falcons cake. That's awesome. Very cool stuff. You know, I had an older sister who, she died actually when I was 16 in a car accident, but she used to be the equivalent of your mom at making cakes. Oh really? But she didn't even need to ask. She would just, I she'd just make something up. Right. Yeah. Yeah. And there was this one year, I'll never forget this cake. We were all big time into Howard Jones.


So it must have been the singer. Yeah. It must have been like my ninth or 10th birthday. My whole, like both my sisters and me were totally into Howard Jones. And Karen, my sister, my oldest sister made a Howard Jones keyboard cake. Wow. And it was a couple of sheet cakes put together frosted. So it looked like one big thing. The like the black keys were Kit Kats, like the, the knobs on the synthesizer were rolos. Wow. And I was, I just looked around at all my friends like, does everyone see my cake? This is the greatest cake anyone's ever had. And no one can have any but me. No, I shared, of course. Yeah. I wanted to everyone to partake in the bounty. Was it a Q guitar or a keyboard? It was a keyboard.


Okay. Yeah. You never know. Strap a, yeah. Strap a guitar strap on it. You might could've held it. I would not have put it past to make it a, a key tar Man. That is very sweet story. Yeah. Literally and figuratively. Thank you Hojo fans, huh? Yes. Isn't that his nickname? I don't think So. Did I make that up? Yeah. I think that's the hotel chain. I Think you're totally right. Alright, well another tip here for baking a cake. If you were looking at recipes and it says, use this kind of pan, and you think, well I don't have that kind of pan, I've got this kind of pan, it's aluminum and square and they're calling for a round dark pan, it's, it makes a big difference.


Like it can literally ruin your cake. Yeah. You supposedly wanna reduce the heat, I think not the heat or the cook time. One of the two. Yeah. It says a dark non-stick pan requires 25% reduction in temperature. So you want to knock that heat down 25%. Yeah. But also like Google that stuff. Don't just say Josh and Chuck said, this should work. You know, like you have to have this, the right pan right. For that recipe. And they, they will tell you in the recipe. And If you don't have it, just look up the, the cheat for it, basically. Yeah. Two things. You don't want to take our advice blindly on medical stuff and baking stuff. Yeah. Everything else is fine. I don't know about that, but those are the two leading ways that we will mess your life up.


For sure. Alright, well I guess we need to talk about the different methods. We're getting super wonky into cakes here. Well, I mean, that's what we do. All right, well let's talk about creaming then, because that is one kind of method of making a cake and creaming is what we talked about. You may not have known exactly what we meant, but when you combine like the butter and sugar and it says, cream it with an electric beater, that's what you're doing. And it's, it's really tough at first to get it going, but just hang in there. 'cause that butter will start to break apart, mixing it with that sugar. And you, you've got a nice, a nice creamed mix of ingredients, starter mix of ingredients on your hand there.


Right. But you don't skimp on that, that that first step. No. And that's like that I think the creaming method, that's, that's, that's the one that best gets across this point. That this is like, this is a, there, it's a chemical reaction. I know we've kind of been beating that horse, but it's really true. Like If you, If you don't follow the steps correctly, the chemical reaction's not going to come out correctly. Right. And, and when you step back, you're like, I'm, but I'm baking a cake. That's true. But do you want your cake to, to be good or do you want to just waste your time? Yeah. So in the creaming method, when it says then mix ingredients in this order, wet, then dry. Right. Do that. Right.


Don't just say, ah, just throw it all in there. Right? Yep. It makes a difference. And it says that pound cakes are a, a like a variation on the theme. Sure. I looked into pound cakes, man. Do you know, so the, the idea that pound cakes called for a pound of each ingredient. That's actually true. Yeah, I know. But the reason why it called for a pound of each ingredient was because a lot of the British people at the time in the early 17 hundreds couldn't read. So it was just an easy way to remember the recipe. Oh, interesting. Yeah. All right. I'll buy that. They'd be like, what's a tib is, And also pound cakes too. The reason why you're not gonna find a pound cake with a big buttercream frosting is 'cause that will, that will send you into sugar shock in a second.


It really would. Pound cake is already really dense and sugary. Like that's why you just have it like a little glaze on top. Yep. I do like that glaze. Actually, I'll eat a pound cake. I think that glazes, oh, what's it called? Delicious Something, something icing. Imperial icing. Oh, I don't know. I can't remember. Okay. So the next one is the no, the no aeration method to where you're not really, you're not whipping anything up. Yeah. You probably don't even have flour in this, in this, this probably a flourless cake. Right. So this, this is the kind of thing that you use to make like a cheesecake or a flourless chocolate cake. Yeah. Those can be very good. Sure.


And you are probably going to need to add some sort of moisture because cakes like this tend to crack while they're baking, which is why a lot of them cheesecakes in particular, you cook in a water bath in the oven because that water vaporizes and steams around it and helps keep that moisture in. Yeah. I never knew that The reason for the water bath. I didn't know that you used a water bath. That was news to me. Yeah. Yeah. I've never made a cheesecake. Yeah, they can be quite good. Oh, I love cheesecake. I don't think I've ever had any bad cheesecake. That's always good. That's another thing too. Publix cheesecake is incredible, Man. They need to sponsor us and they Sell it by the double slice for those.


Oh. Like you get two slices and they have a key lime one too, Chuck, that's just Oh man. Although If you don't like lemon stuff, you might not like that. Oh no. I love key lime anything. Okay. Try their key lime cheesecake. Yeah. In fact, they Really should send us some stuff, frankly, At Iowa of palms. The, for my vacation that I've spoken about, they had one of the, oh, I can't remember which one, but one of the seafood joints where I would get all the fresh seafood had a homemade key lime pie. And I bought and ate one of them with my friends that week. And I bought two to go home with Did they make it home? Huh? Did they make it all the way home? Yeah. Stopped in.


I stopped at the border. Yeah. Just put my face in it. No, they made it home. And I think there's still one in the freezer actually. And then one of 'em was consumed. Nice. Yeah. Good key lime pie. And finally, with the non aeration method, you are, you are not doing the, the beating, you're not creaming that stuff. You're folding the batter. And we could describe it here, but If you don't know what folding is in baking, just just look it up on the YouTube for proper folding technique. Right. Generally done with a, like a rubber spatula. Yep. There's a foaming method too, where you are basically using just egg whites usually, and you're aerating it by whipping them up. Yeah. Which makes a meringue.


And you can just stop there and incorporate sugar. And you've got meringue, which would make a pavlova cake, which apparently Australia and New Zealand have been fighting over the origin of for close to a hundred years now. But doesn't New Zealand win Supposedly. All right. Although I saw another article from some researchers who said, no, it, it came even earlier, a decade earlier out of America via Germany. Huh. So who knows. But yes, out of Australia, New Zealand, new Zealand's apparently won that fight. But that's meringue and Pavlova cake is like a meringue cake with like fruit in the middle of it. No. And then, yeah.


And then a listener sent us pavlova once we made it. It was pretty good. Yeah, it is pretty good. Yeah. And then you can also take that egg foam and turn it into it like a sponge cake, like an angel food cake or Something like that. Not me. You don't like those either? No. Not big into angel food cake. Although you can use sponge cake for strawberry short cake that I will have. Okay. So those spongy cakes, that's, that uses the egg foaming method. But if you're making a true strawberry shortcake, you're going to use an actual short cake. Yeah. Those are really good. And the reason they're called shortcake or, or short bread's called shortbread is short, is apparently a British term for crumbly.


Oh, okay. So that's where that came from. Not, not has nothing to do with the size. Yeah. Emily makes a really good gluten-free shortbread. She's kinda gotten into baking a bit in the last five or six years. Pretty, and gotten pretty good at it. Nice. So she makes a good gluten-free shortbread that we've had at Shortcake with homemade whipped topping and good fresh strawberries. Those are good. But my one complaint with her baking is it literally looks like she came in there and just started throwing ingredients everywhere with her bare hands. Like a 3-year-old. Right. And then baked. Right. And then said, I'm done. Yeah. Good night. It is a, it is a mess. Yeah. A big, big mess. And she always just says, get outta here.


I'll clean it up afterward. Don't worry about it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's funny, the kitchen can be a place of real tension sometimes, huh? Oh, for sure. Yeah. Especially if both of you do different things in the kitchen, right? Like one's hovering, like are you gonna clean that up? Well, I'm the kitchen cleaner, so that's why she's just like, just stay outta here, dude. Right. Just wait until the end. Yeah. And you show up, you're like, it's Marge's time to shine. Well, I'll do this. And this is such a passive aggressive move for me, which is my style, not endorsing that. I'm just saying it's one of my downfalls I need to work on. But I'll just go in there and just like groan or something. She'll like, oh God.


And she'll just say No out. Right. Again, That's life at the Bryant house. That's, that's pretty nice, Chuck. It's always with love though. Yeah. It always comes out, there's always a cake out the, on the other end, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's not like we get in serious fights over the kitchen stuff. Right? Yeah. I So what's the last thing here? Something called the all in one method. Yeah. That's just like a cake mix. You put it all all together at once. Yeah. Well, We should talk a little bit about frosting and icing. The earliest versions of frosting was just sort of a, an almond and sugar paste.


Eh, not so big on that, but a French chef. Oh, really? Oh. I mean, it can be okay, but Almond croissants are like one of my great joys in life lately. Oh yeah. They're so good. I suppose that's kind of what a bear claw is too, right? Yeah. All right. I take it back. Yeah. But that almond, that sweet almond paste inside is, man, that's good. Good Stuff. It, it is good. But I'm like, don't put that on top of a cake for me. Sure. Understood. Stuff it in a pastry. Okay. A French chef, though, is the first person they think that created like the first legit iced layer cake in the 15th century. And then about the middle of the 17th century is when the first frosting recipe started spreading around on the internet.


Right. And fondant is gross. Yeah. I'm not into it. No. I mean, you can make a neat looking cake, but it's gross tasting, I think. Yeah. I'm not into it. Buttercream or cream cheese or even Emily's Waldorf Astoria frosting, believe it or not. I mean, it has a bit of a mouth feel because of the shortening, but like a, a residue on the palette. Yeah. On the roof of your mouth. Yeah. But it's Still good. Well, let's talk about cakes. Like, like the, well, no specific cakes, like the red velvet cake. Right? Yeah. Delicious. Do you know why it's red? Well, food coloring That they use that to make it a little richer, but it actually naturally turns red.


It's a chemical reaction between the cocoa, the vinegar in it and the buttermilk, I believe. Really? Yes. It turns it red. All right. I don't know about that. No, it's true. Okay. I read it on what's Cooking America. I'll try it because I'm making Emily, her birthday's in a couple weeks and I'm making another, I'm taking another stab at it. Try the try go find like an original, like, like recipe. Well, I mean, what do you mean? Like one, If you, If you see one that actually uses buttermilk, be like, okay, this one, this is one of the ones I'm gonna try. No, no, no. I have to use the recipe she tells me to use. Oh, I gotcha. Well then, which Is the Waldorf, the gluten-free Waldorf Astoria version.


Oh, gotcha. I see. But you have cocoa. Does it have like vinegar and buttermilk in it? Mm. I can't remember. It's been a couple years since I tried it. Okay. Well it should turn red on its own, but I don't think there's any harm in adding some more synthetic chemical red dye. Well, and the, the thing is too, a lot of people that don't try red velvet cake don't try it because they think it doesn't like, it tastes like chocolate cake pretty much, right? Yeah. It just is red Doesn't taste red. No, that'd be weird. It's not ketchup cake. There's, yeah. That's Canadian, isn't it? Boo. There's hummingbird cakes. Well, what do you mean by the hummingbird? What is that? A hummingbird cake has like some nuts and some fruit in it. Lots of frosting.


I think it's a southern cake. Yeah. Or like, we called my grandmother, Bryant called one of the great all time southern cooks and bakers like, you know, banana nut bread. Yeah. She called that hummingbird. And I don't know if that was specific to her or if they are interchangeable. I, I don't know. I'm not actually a southern native, so I, I would not say one way or the other. All my experience with hummingbird cake is it's more like a carroty cake. Yeah. With, with say like pineapple in it and some other fruits in it, and a thick layer of frosting. And supposedly the reason it's called a hummingbird cake is because it's so sweet. It could attract hummingbirds. Mm. See maybe, I mean that's sort of like banana nut bread.


So I don't know if they're interchangeable or for, it's a variation, but gimme some banana nut bread, which is not a cake, but it sort of is. And slice it up and put some butter on it. Yeah. Toast it in the oven. Yep. No, I'm with you. Our freezer is always chockfull of black bananas blackened with age. Oh Sure. 'cause Yumi makes a killer banana nut bread from scratch using, I mean, you just can't look at the bananas when she's incorporating 'em. Yeah. What, what does that do? Why, why is that the key? Do you know? They just are supposed to be mushy. Okay. Oh, okay. Gotcha. And, and like the best way to make bananas mushy is To let them age. Let 'em age, freeze.


Age 'em. Alright, let's talk about Indian pound cake. Apparently that's a thing that has cornmeal in it and I can't imagine that taste, but I'd like to try it. Well, yeah, and that was one of the earliest cakes in the US and I think the, what the author Aaliyah Hoy is pointing out is that like cakes came from all over the place through time and, and geography. And that the mass immigration tore into America over, say like the 17th, 18th, 19th centuries and 20th too. All these people from all these different lands brought their ideas or, or ingredients of cake. And they kind of went through this Americanized grinder to where eggs were added.


Butter was added and like you've got these ingredients, so it bears a resemblance to its original one, but it's been like cake fired Right. In the American way. And that that started basically right as, as European settlers got to North America. Yeah. Apparently the, the good old fashioned chocolate layer cake came outta Boston because there were chocolate companies there. Even the German chocolate cake is not German. It's American. It's named after, after a man whose last name was German. Oh, interesting. Well, that means he's German. German American. Could, could be, maybe they should call it the German American chocolate cake Or just German chocolate cake. But it's really American.


Everybody is what the real title should be. Strawberry shortcake that you mentioned. That does come from the old world. I'm not much of a jingoist either. I think you, you might say of course not. But I've never felt more national pride than in talking about cakes. Yeah. Yeah. This is where cakes were born. Really The pineapple upside down cake. Heaven help you If you eat that stuff. I love it. Do you really? Man, it's so good. Yeah. I just don't like fruit anywhere near my cake. Yeah. Unless it's strawberry Short cake. You definitely wouldn't like a hummingbird cake then even. Yeah. Maybe that's the difference between a hummingbird and the banana bread.


Right. Although banana's in there. Right. That's a, well, it's Fruit. See though, that's not a fruit cake to me. No. You just don't like the juicy fruits in your cake it sounds like. No. Or coconut. Which isn't the German chocolate cake fr in that coconut in the icing. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. See that? That's so good. I don't want coconut anywhere near my cakes. But that pineapple upside down cake, apparently that stuff sort of sprang out of a contest. Dole had the dole company in in the mid 1920s that said, Hey, bake some cakes with fruit. And so thousands of pineapple upside down cakes came out. So I don't think they were invented for that, but maybe that's just what made them so popular.


I don't know. Gotcha. And then there's other, again, there's cakes around the world that look like cakes, kind of like Amisu Yum Is a quintessential Italian cake. But it was invented in the 1960s. Black forest cake actually is from Germany. Yeah. It was invented in 1915. So what happened was, again, cake explosion happened here in the good old US of A and it spread back out to the world. There was an influx of cake ideas into America. America perfected the cake and it went back out to the world. That's right. That's what happened. What else? What, what about tre leche? It's great too. It is three kinds of milk, evaporated, condensed, and whole.


It's tough to go wrong with that. Yeah. Talk about moist. And I've like, I've had good and bad tre leche, but I've never had an actual tre leche. I was like, this is so bad, I'm not gonna finish it. Right. Have you? No. And then there's Doda Yaki, which is like, have you ever had this? I don't think so. One of the big things that, that people in Japan love is like sweetened red bean paste. Okay. You can find it here or there in like sweets. But this doki in particular is like between two pancakes. It's like a filling, sometimes it's not even two pancakes. It's like a hole with like a red bean paste inside.


Okay. It's like this light kind of fluffy cake like thing with red bean paste inside. It's good. You can, they're best like hot off of the street from somebody who just made it. That's when it's absolutely best. But it's like the kind of thing you can also find in a seven 11 or something too, like in cellophane. Wow. Yeah. It's good. It's no cheesecake, no Japanese cheesecake. I'll tell you that. Nope. But it's still pretty good, Man. That was a good one. I think Cakes. All right. Are you done? I'm done. Okay. If you wanna know more about cakes, go eat some. You're gonna love them. Yes. There's a cake out there for you. And since I said that, it's time for listener mail.


Alright. I'm gonna call this a special one, man. Administrative details shout. Oh wow. Because We got a box today from a man named Nick Pagan from San Jose Bay area. And he sent us just a blotted stuff, like good stuff. It wasn't a box full of garbage. He sent, he Sent, not that anyone ever has sent us a box full of garbage. He sent us framed things, sent me a framed pavement poster, which is great. Very nice. And sent us CDs of music. He sent bottles of liquid stuff, most notably wine for Jerry and then bourbon and scotch for us.


And he is a whiskey enthusiast that lives in the Bay Area, like big time. Yeah. And just a good dude. And beyond that he, he added this, he added, he's a, he's a list maker, an amateur list maker. Right. And he sent us a list and Nick, if you're listening, please send us the, the Word document, digital version of this printout that you sent. 'cause he said every time you said we should do a podcast on that. Yeah. He made a list alphabetically of that stuff. Nice work Nick. And the list is so comprehensive and awesome that we need it to work from. Yes. He made a, please do, he made a list of films that each of us said we need to see, which is pretty good.


And then finally he sent us a list and, and encouraged us to play a little game here, which we'll do very quickly of see if Chuck can see if Josh can guess how many times we've done the following things. You ready? Why me? Well, Because I have the list in my hand and you're sitting across from me's and you can't see it. Can't see this paper. I don't think so. How many COAs? And for people that don't know, it means cover our butts. How many COAs have we issued? Over a thousand shows? I'm going to say 27 75. Wow. Wow. We are really good at that. Huh? How many times have we admitted on the air that it is a take two?


Oh man. You're not gonna get any of these. Or maybe you might, It'll be total luck if I do eight, Seven. Oh, So close Rare listener mail shout outs. Oh, I don't know what that means. Like where we say, Hey, can you say hello to my boyfriend? Oh yeah. 3 0 62. What? That's pretty rare though. Out of a thousand. Yeah. But still, it seems like, I thought it was even rarer than that. Of course. Did we used to do it more than we do now? I think so. I think that's what it was Too. We're a little more generous in our earlier days. Yeah. Trips in the way back machine. Oh, there's a lot of those. I'm gonna say out of a thousand episodes, 320, he Says 59.


So I don't know about this. Nick, I think you missed a few. Nick, you're just making up numbers, aren't you? How many Drinking scotch at home and making up numbers. How many paper lists have you eaten? Me? Yeah. One that I know of. Yep. You Nailed it. I, I remember the episode too. It was How geniuses work or what makes a Genius. And I said that if this list, if the list of geniuses, if the number one genius was Einstein, I would eat the list and it turned out it was Einstein. How many Glen Danzig or Misfits references those would be all you. 17 four. I need to step it up. How many times have has Chuck was ha, how many times have I done this?


Wow. I think it's literally countless. If he came up with a number, it's a lie. He says 288. That's gotta be more than that. Simpson's references. I'll just go ahead and tell you. 197, apparently we have High five. Does that include the two episodes on the Simpsons? No. No, No. I don't think so. Okay. Apparently we have High Fived once. Okay. I'm surprised we even did that. Sure. The number of times Josh has done this a lot. I don't know. I think a lot just, just works for that 426 times, almost half of our episodes. That's Great. Wow. Yeah.


And then bonus name, all of Josh's nicknames for Chuck. I'll just go ahead and read those. Okay. You have called me Chuckers. You've called me beautiful. You don't remember that one. One, the famous Chuck Tran Cheech, rusty Kers and the Flash. Nick is my new favorite listener. This, yeah, this is All Gold. Plus Thanks for, for buttering us up with the care package too. Nick, that was nice of you. Yeah, so Nick Pagan, you are now on the guest list for the San Francisco Sketch Fest Show. Just hit me up with an email, send that list of shows that we need to do via digital document and you are in like Flynn.


Cool. Thanks a lot, Nick. Well, If you wanna be like Nick, you can send us an email to stuff podcast@howstuffworks.com. And as always, Join us at our home on the web Stuff You Should Know. Dot com. Stuff You Should Know is A production of iHeartRadio. For more podcasts, MyHeart Radio visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Do you know the symptoms of moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea or OSA in adults with obesity? They may be happening to you without your knowing. If anyone's ever said you snore loudly or If you spend your days fighting off excessive tiredness, irritability, and concentration issues, it may be due to O-S-A-O-S-A is a serious condition where your airway partially or completely collapses during sleep, which may cause breathing interruptions and oxygen deprivation. Learn more at don't sleep on oa.com. This information is provided by Lily U-S-A-L-L-C.


Our podcast is all about Stuff You Should Know, so you should know that indeed is the best way to find better work. Just update your Indeed profile with your skills, experience, and salary expectations to increase your chances of finding your next best role. We've spent years now going down rabbit holes on everything from champagne to true crime. But when it comes to finding a better job, you don't need to get lost in the search. Indeed makes it easy. See how the world can work better by updating your Indeed profile. No rabbit holes. Required


banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Thanks, capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.